There are very few heart - warming stories to come out of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , but here 's something to lift the spirits .
An 11 - year - old girl called Olivia Bouler , from Islip , New York , has helped to raise thousands of dollars for various conservation charities by offering to donate dozens of her exquisite bird drawings to anyone pledging money .
She says her inspiration came after bursting into tears when watching a news report about the slick 's advance towards the gulf coast shoreline where she holidays each year with her family .
A Facebook page called Save the Gulf : Olivia 's Bird Illustrations has attracted more than 800 fans and the president of the National Audubon Society , one of the US 's largest conservation charities , has personally written to Olivia to thank her for her kind gesture .
This is the letter she first wrote to the society offering her artistic services :
Dear Audubon Society ,
As you are all aware of , the oil spill in the Gulf is devastating .
My mom has already donated a lot of money to help , but I have an idea that may also help .
I am a decent drawer , and I was wondering if I could sell some bird paintings and the profits to your organization .
My mom is in touch with an art gallery where I live .
She is going to sell them here .
I also am hoping to go to Cornell in the future .
I want to become an ornithologist .
I know a few species of birds .
I also acknowledge that this is breeding time for plovers , terns etc .
I will do all in my strength to earn money .
All I need is your OK .
Here is a picture of a northern cardinal as a sample .
Thank you for your time .
Olivia
11 years and willing to help .
The Audubon Society immediately contacted her parents and asked if it could buy one of the drawings to hang in its Manhattan headquarters .
Charity officials then discussed how best to use Olivia 's bird paintings as a fund - raising tool and it was decided , with her permission , that her watercolours of birds would be used to raise money for several groups , including the Mobile Bay National Estuary Program , the Weeks Bay Foundation and the Sierra Club .
Anyone who makes a donation to these groups is being asked to email Olivia 's mother ( nadinebouler@hotmail.com ) and Olivia will then draw a bird with pencil , paint it , and post it to the donor .
One imagines that Olivia has already become overwhelmed with requests and a full - blown auction is the next logical step , followed , of course , by talk of book and movie deals .
One of the first recipients of Olivia 's artworks was her grandmother who lives in Monroeville , Alabama , which lies about 100 km inland from the Gulf shoreline .
On Mother 's Day , Olivia called Jane Bouler and asked if she would buy one of her paintings .
" When I found out the scope of what this one child was attempting to do - I still can barely talk about it without a tremor in my voice , " Jane Bouler told Al.com , a local news website .
" This child is doing what we all should be doing and she genuinely wants to help the birds . "
The story has echoes of the Children 's Eternal Rainforest .
In 1987 , a class of Swedish school children , upon hearing about the destruction of rainforests around the world , decided to bake and sell cakes to raise money to buy a small tract of land near Monteverde in Costa Rica .
The story quickly went viral – it featured on Blue Peter in the UK – and within a few months thousands of children around the world had collectively raised enough money to secure thousands of acres in perpetuity .
The fund - raising continues to this day and , to date , children from 44 countries have secured 54,000 acres , thereby creating Costa Rica 's largest private rainforest preserve .
Fingers crossed , Olivia 's brilliant , inspirational efforts go on to have a similar impact .
After all , it 's not every day that an 11 - year - old schoolgirl , armed only with an ebony pencil and a watercolour brush , gets to utterly outshine the pitiful efforts of a multinational corporation such as BP .
Prior to the start of season 3 , we surveyed Chuck fans about their favorite elements of the show and got some very interesting results .
With the conclusion of season 3 , we wanted to take the pulse of Chuck fandom again and see what ’s different , and what ’s the same .
The Chuck Fan Survey 2.0 is almost identical to the first one for better comparison , but it does include a new question regarding developments in season 3 .
Itâ€™s a short survey and shouldnâ€™t take more than 5 minutes to complete .
Â
The survey will close Sunday , May 30 , so do it now !
Take the Chuck Fan Survey 2.0
NOTE : This survey is for use by ChuckTV.net .
It is not endorsed , sponsored , or affiliated with NBC , College Hill , Wonderland Sound and Vision , or anyone associated with Chuck .
At least since 9/11 , the Democrats have , if anything , been even worse than the Republicans in their push for a national ID .
I recall the Bush administration , very early on , dismissing this totalitarian idea , although Bush soon enough signed the Real ID Act into law , with the support of hawkish and anti-immigration conservatives .
But the establishment left is also a major threat on this front , and Democrats traditionally get a pass on civil liberties issues , whereas under Republicans there is more populist criticism of surveillance , police powers and the like .
Consider the Orwellian program being proposed by the Democratic leadership as part of “ immigration reform . ”
Alexander Bolton writes :
Democratic leaders have proposed requiring every worker in the nation to carry a national identification card with biometric information , such as a fingerprint , within the next six years , according to a draft of the measure .
The proposal is one of the biggest differences between the newest immigration reform proposal and legislation crafted by late Sen.
Edward Kennedy ( D - Mass . ) and Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) .
The national ID program would be titled the Believe System , an acronym for Biometric Enrollment , Locally stored Information and Electronic Verification of Employment .
It would require all workers across the nation to carry a card with a digital encryption key that would have to match work authorization databases .
Whereas the Kennedy / McCain bill was bad enough , containing both positive elements and nasty ones , this new monstrosity would force leviathan ’s way even further into every employment relationship .
And this actually speaks to the false dichotomy between civil and economic liberties .
Both incorrectly bifurcated forms of freedom are rooted in the same set of property rights , first and foremost in one ’s own person and , by extension , in the tangible property one acquires justly through homesteading , gifts and honest market transactions .
If Big Brother tries to comprehensively regulate immigration , he can smash economic freedom of association .
And if the state has the power to oversee our economic lives , our personal freedom will always suffer in the process .
This also is a good time to question the entire idea of the national government trying to “ seal the borders , ” pick winners and losers among immigrants , decide who gets all the welfare benefits of being a legal immigrant and who is not even allowed into our golden door .
Invariably , when the federal government imposes its way on immigration , we get some immigrants who come in with legal sanction and quickly become dependents of the U.S. government — whereas illegals are probably not net beneficiaries of the welfare state , legal immigrants might very well be .
What ’s worse , plenty of people are denied peaceful and legal entry when all they want is to enter the job market , improve their situation and that of their families , and join in the American dream .
Of course , despite the state ’s distinction between legal and illegal immigrants , most illegal aliens are de facto invited by the American people — by those who employ them , rent to them and associate with them as part of the community and in the glorious network of voluntary exchange known as the market economy .
Since conservatives often say our rights come not from the government but from God and the nature of man , it is not for the government to decide whether someone should have the right to live here or not — it is up to individuals and communities , which obviously are able to sustain a fair number of illegals .
Moreover , constitutionalists in particular should question the very notion that the feds have legal authority to crack down on the border , since immigration is not an Article I , Section 8 authority of Congress .
Conservatives especially should follow Reagan ’s example and embrace immigration amnesty .
The violence in Arizona is a consequence of too much government meddling — the drug war that causes the inflated profits and black market conditions on which gangsters thrive , as well as the immigration controls that lead to abuse of aliens at the hands of coyotes and others .
A heavy - handed government response to it and to the immigration issue generally will inevitably yield disastrous consequences for the economy , the rule of law and , most important , individual liberty .
Some folks fear that Obama will be soft on the border — even as they demand that he stop taking over the economy and expanding presidential power , this is one area where they want him to be more active .
But no one should fear the Democrats will do nothing about immigration .
One should instead fear that they will do all too much and that we will wake up living in a police state , with the walls closing in .
See also : “ Will the Democrats Save our Civil Liberties ? ”
Robert Higgs on the “ Your Papers , Please ” mentality .
William J. Watkins on the REAL ID Act .
Peter Laufer and Benjamin Powell on open vs. closed borders .
This is a report I wrote this month for a demography class at the University of Queensland .
The recent events surrounding the Israeli massacre of civilians in international waters have raised questions about the context of this situation .
This essay provides a statistical demographic analysis of the Israeli state , and provides insights into the political situation , relying only upon data , not rhetoric .
Read
The demographic time bomb .
A foul - smelling , aptly named " corpse flower " at Western Illinois University has bloomed , releasing a powerful aroma of rotting meat .
Gardeners at the university have been meticulously watching the bloom for days , predicting it would open as early as last week .
The flower is a rare example of the Indonesian Titan Arum ( Amorphophallus titanium ) plant .
It evolved its horrendous odor to attract carrion beetles and flesh flies , which normally feed on rotting flesh .
This specimen is one of a small group of these flowers that have bloomed in cultivation since the 1880s .
The 44.5 - inch ( 113 - centimeter ) tall plant lives in the Western Illinois University Botany Greenhouse , tended by greenhouse gardener Jeff Hillyer .
" This Titan has never bloomed before , " Hillyer told LiveScience .
For the past eight years the plant has been growing vegetatively , only producing a single , umbrella - like leaf , Hillyer explained .
" It was the first one I 've ever been involved with , so it was all new to me . "
The bloom ( or inflorescence ) of the flower is actually composed of thousands of flowers .
The odor gets especially strong as the plant heats up during the blooming process .
" The plant actually gets warmer , " Hillyer said .
" It kind of cooks the chemicals to pump the odor out there . "
Once the flower fully opens , if it is not pollinated it closes up and collapses .
The plant began to open on Sunday , and remained open for about half a day , before closing back up .
" Yes , it still smells , but it 's not overbearing like it was yesterday evening , " Hiller wrote on his blog as the bloom began to close .
The Titan Arum is native to the equatorial rainforests of central Sumatra in western Indonesia .
It was first discovered in 1878 by Italian botanist Odoardo Beccari , who collected the seeds and provided them to England 's Royal Botanic Gardens in Kew , which recorded the first bloom of this species in cultivation in 1889 .
The first United States bloom occurred at the New York Botanical Gardens in June 1937 .
The seeds for the Western Illinois University plant were collected in 1993 by James Symon in Sumatra while filming for Sir David Attenborough 's BBC documentary " The Private Life of Plants . "
The plants that WIU has grown from those seeds are among the first generation of plants cultivated in the United States .
( That means they are essentially from the 1930s . )
When Hugh Hefner launched Playboy back in the 50s , he hired a photographer to shoot two nude women in 3D .
But the price of bundling anaglyph glasses with the magazine was too high .
This week ,
Hef 's dream becomes reality .
In an effort to bolster low readership , the June edition of Playboy , on newsstands this week , will feature centerfold Hope Dworaczyk in good old fashioned blue and red ( anaglyph ) 3D .
And if you unfocus your eyes in just the right way , her skin tone may match that of any proud Pandora resident .
Giz Explains 3D Technologies
Last week , CNN 's attempt to display the future of TV news ended up making 3D look like the… Read more
Advertisement
Hefner , not himself a fan of the new wave of 3D movies , frames Playboy 's role amidst the Avatar effect simply : " What would people most like to see in 3 D ?... Probably a naked lady . " [ MSNBC ]
As I noted in the last Tech Talk , the passage of legislation in the UK in 1842 prohibited the employment of women and children under 13 in underground mines .
Their labor had to be replaced , and the replacement was often with pit ponies .
However , unlike women and children who could be trained to cope with working heights shorter than they were , this did not hold true for horses .
And so there had to be some change in the way that the mines were operated , particularly where the coal seam was not that high .
Today ’s topic will discuss some aspects of how they drove that , and will end with a comment on concrete shaft liners that might have some relevance to the recent events in the Gulf of Mexico .
Prior to 1842 , horses were most often used outside of mines to help raise the coal up through the shafts , often with the aid of horse gins such as this .
One of the first steps attempted to gain the extra height was to cut a deeper passage in the floor of the mine .
This was often softer than the roof , and would give the additional height needed , but as I will explain later , often only for a short time .
Eighteenth century mine exposed by modern surface mining , showing the deepening of the main tunnel floors to allow the passage of ponies .
( The Collier by A.R. Griffin , Shire Publications 1982 ) ( There are two people in the shot , to give a sense of scale . )
This did not prove to be that popular , and the more common practice was to fire explosives in the overlying rock and thus drive a higher tunnel , for the passage of supplies in , and coal out .
The brow of that excavation was generally kept up with the face of the mining operation , and required special support .
( There was a man killed at a mine I was working at , when this area collapsed . )
View of the end of the roadway leading to the working area ( Modified from the Support Rules for Easington Colliery , National Coal Board )
The grey area shows the height of the coal , stone packs sit behind the arch girders in an area where the coal has been mined out .
It was found that the tunnel was more stable if the overlying roof was broken out in the shape of an arch , and it could be shaped so that steel arch girders could be placed to hold the roof rock in place .
There was , however , a problem in getting rid of the rock that was blasted down .
Taking it out using the tubs occupied valuable space and time and earned no - one any money .
Pony hauling a tub full of rock ( slack - coal contaminated with rock or other dirt ) ( From “ The Collier . ” )
It was found that if the coal on either side of the main tunnel was removed , that this would leave a space into which the overlying rock could be packed .
The larger blocks of rock were used to build the walls from the floor to the top of the opening , and then the “ stone man ” would shovel the smaller broken rock behind it , packing it up to the roof and providing additional support .
This gave a gain in production from the coal removed , while helping with disposal of what would otherwise be waste rock .
Using stone packs beside an underground roadway ( The Colliery Deputy ’s Handbook , D.G. Maguire , 1956 )
The illustration helps illustrate another advantage of this over taking up the floor .
The rock under the coal is often a shale , that can soften .
When the rock weight that rested on the rock removed from the tunnel shifts , it does so to the rock immediately beside the tunnel .
If that is a solid connection , then the additional pressure is applied to the underlying shale .
If this is softer rock , it can flow out under the pressure , pushing the rock floor of the tunnel upwards , which is known as floor heaving .
This can get to the point that it reduces the height of the tunnel by over two - thirds and the tunnel floor has to be removed with a secondary mining pass .
If the coal has been removed to either side of the tunnel , then the floor heave that takes place can occur in the pack area outside the area of the working tunnel , as the picture above shows .
This makes it easier to maintain a clear passage .
However , there will still be some compression of the rock packs as the weight of the rock comes on them , and so the arch girders that are used to support the tunnel are put on small wooden stilts .
As the weight comes on the arch , it is pushed down between the two pieces of wood , converging without distortion , and still supporting the roof .
Arch with stilts ( Deputy ’s Handbook ) .
Steel arches of this type were used in much roadway construction , both for mining and civil tunnel support ( including subway systems ) for many years .
However the arches , even when supported with wooden struts between adjacent arches , are not waterproof .
Thus they were not of great benefit when , for example , it became necessary to sink a shaft through water bearing rock to get down to the coal .
There were two ways of dealing with this : one was to weld steel plates together to give a continuous casing of the shaft , from the surface down to the seam .
The other was to use concrete to pour a liner to the shaft as it went down .
However there are a couple of problems with using concrete alone as a supporting system , for while concrete is good as a support that resists loads that do not change much , and that put the support into compression it is brittle , and more vulnerable to cracking when subjected to tensile loading .
It has been noted that where conventional concrete comes under a pressure , then the small fissures in the structure of the concrete can open up and extend so that the concrete becomes permeable .
Part of this is due to the differential compression of the different phases of the material in the concrete .
If the loading is relatively even around a cylinder in compression , then the cracks can remain quite small , but when , for example , you get the differential loading , such as that which is shown in the picture above of the pressure distribution around the arch with two walls , one can imagine how there is sufficient differential loading that cracks can open and water , or other fluid , enter the passage .
As a result in mining operations concrete has proven , alone , to be an unreliable water seal and often requires additional steps to prevent water access , or ways to collect and trap the water , so that it can be carried away without interfering with workings .
From personal experience , lying on your side shoveling coal , while water drips onto your back has little to recommend it .
To even question the active wars in Iraq and Afghanistan or the now - institutionalized worldwide military empire being maintained by the U.S. government draws Tourette ’s - like attacks from all who identify themselves as conservatives .
Not only are critics of U.S. foreign policy accused of being unpatriotic or even traitorous , but conservatives routinely go so far as to label them ungrateful .
The argument goes that critics of the empire enjoy the freedom of speech with which they criticize the government only because the military has fought to defend that freedom .
Therefore , those who oppose the present wars or our military presence around the world should be ashamed of themselves for " biting the hand that feeds them . "
Of course , this argument rests upon an assumption .
The assumption is that if the U.S. had not fought any of its past or current wars or had not maintained its military presence around the world , that we would have lost some or all of our freedom .
This fundamental assumption is never questioned ( or I suspect even considered ) by supporters of U.S. foreign policy , despite the fact that it completely disintegrates under even superficial examination .
Let ’s give conservatives WWII for now , Pat Buchanan ’s interesting arguments notwithstanding .
Is there any credible argument to be made regarding any of the major wars that the United States has waged since 1945 wherein one could conclude that not fighting it would have resulted in a loss of freedom for Americans ?
What chain of events can any reasonable person construct whereby U.S. citizens would have lost their freedom if not for the invasions of Korea , Viet Nam , Afghanistan , or Iraq ?
The first two post -WWII wars were justified for ostensibly the same reason .
We supposedly had to prevent the communist governments of North Korea and North Viet Nam from taking over South Korea and South Viet Nam , respectively , because if we did not , communism would spread like a virus throughout all of Asia and eventually the world .
This was the so - called " Domino Theory . "
While anyone with a globe that is more or less correctly scaled can see through the ridiculousness of the argument in terms of Korea , one need not even resort to conjecture to refute this argument regarding the Viet Nam war .
History has shown in its case that the domino theory was completely untrue .
North Viet Nam did take over South Viet Nam .
The U.S. pulled out of Viet Nam in defeat and the very outcome that the U.S. had spent 14 years , the lives of 50,000 U.S. soldiers , and hundreds of billions of dollars attempting to prevent came to pass .
The communists took over all of Viet Nam .
Did American citizens lose any freedom as a result ?
No .
In fact , as young men were no longer conscripted into the army to participate in this futile exercise , antiwar protestors were no longer being suppressed , and a huge chunk of government spending was eliminated ( in theory , anyway ) , Americans were actually far freer once the war was lost than they were while it was being fought .
There is no argument to be made , no matter how far logic is stretched or how much disbelief is suspended , that Americans lost any freedom as a result of the loss of the Viet Nam war .
Therefore , the assertion that the troops fighting it were " fighting for our freedom " must be false .
Moreover , communism did n’t spread like wildfire beyond Viet Nam .
After approximately 12 years , it imploded there just as it did in China at about the same time .
In the mid-1980 ’s , the Vietnamese began transitioning to a market economy , just as China did .
Today , both countries are arguably as capitalist as the United States , which unfortunately is n’t saying much .
As for Korea , the most generous conclusion one could come to regarding the " fighting for our freedom " theory is that the jury is still out – sixty years later .
U.S. troops are still stationed at the 38th parallel , supposedly keeping the communist barbarians from taking over South Korea as a stepping stone to the rest of the world .
Here speculation is certainly necessary , but not random speculation .
While it certainly would not be a positive outcome for South Koreans , can anyone seriously argue that if North Korea took over South Korea tomorrow that American freedom would be lost or even noticeably diminished ?
How ?
Fast - forward 25 years and consider the present war in Iraq .
That war was started based upon on the assertion that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction that it was preparing to use against its neighbors to destabilize the Middle East .
Let ’s pretend for a moment that this assertion was not proven completely false .
Exactly how would another war in the Middle East , which would presumably resemble Iraq ’s ten - year war with Iran , jeopardize the freedom of American citizens ?
What cause and effect relationship could possibly be established between Middle Eastern politics and American freedom ?
This question has to be answered before the " fighting for our freedom " assertion can be proven .
There is only one answer : none .
The Middle East has been unstable for thousands of years , and freedom has come and gone for countless western nations regardless of political developments in the Middle East , with the exception of the actual invasions of Western Europe by Muslim nations in the Middle Ages .
Those were ultimately defeated .
Certainly today the Middle Eastern nations pose no military threat to Europe , much less the United States .
To assert that Afghanistan could possibly threaten American freedom borders upon the absurd .
Putting the active wars aside for the moment , any objective observer would be even harder pressed to conclude that the U.S. military presence in the other 135 countries in which the U.S. maintains troops is contributing anything toward American freedom .
Can anyone seriously argue that if the U.S. government were to remove the 56,000 troops presently stationed in Germany that American freedom would somehow be jeopardized ?
How ?
The same question applies to the 33,000 troops in Japan , the 10,000 in Italy , and so on .
There is simply no reasonable argument to be made that Americans would be one iota less free if all of these troops were to come home .
Warfare conducted for any purpose other than defending the borders of the nation does not make Americans freer .
On the contrary , it destroys freedom without exception .
More of Americans ’ property is confiscated in taxes to support warfare .
Freedom of speech is curtailed .
Opponents of the war are rounded up and imprisoned or exiled .
Privacy is destroyed by the government in search of enemy spies or saboteurs .
These destructions of freedom have occurred during every war that the United States has ever fought , including all of the wars of the past 60 years .
Furthermore , America ’s vast military presence in countries where no active war is being fought also results in less freedom for Americans .
Regardless of the public relations efforts of the U.S. military establishment , foreign troops are universally regarded the same way by the citizens of countries where they are stationed : they are resented .
This resentment breeds terrorism in some countries and other forms of protest in others .
Americans traveling abroad are much less free in what they can do , where they can safely go , and where they are welcome because of resentment born of U.S. troops ’ stationing in foreign nations .
As Randolph Bourne famously observed , " war is the health of the state , " and the state is the enemy of freedom .
America was founded upon the idea that the state was " at best a necessary evil " and that there was an inverse relationship between war and liberty .
James Madison wrote that if " tyranny and oppression come to this land , it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy .
No Nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare . "
History has proven him correct .
In the post - WWII era , the wars have become more numerous and longer and government has grown exponentially .
With the expansion of war and the state , freedom has diminished .
This is not an argument for pacifism or against the actual soldiers .
We live in a world with other nations that pose a threat to our lives and liberty and there must be some means to defend ourselves against an aggressor nation .
Whatever their reasons for joining , the men and women who serve in our military do make a huge sacrifice .
The overwhelming majority of them serve honorably both on the battlefield and off .
They join believing that they are defending our nation and freedom and the blame for our foreign policy does not rest with them .
A military force cannot function with each of its members questioning every order before carrying it out .
They have an obligation to disobey an order which is obviously immoral , such as shooting a non-combatant or torturing a prisoner , but beyond situations like those they must carry out their orders without question .
They place a sacred trust in their civilian leaders to deploy them only when it is absolutely necessary .
It is those civilian leaders who have violated that trust over and over again for the past sixty years .
It is they who have not supported our troops , spending their lives like so much loose change in wars that have been fought for everything but freedom .
They have sent them to countries that pose no military threat to the United States whatsoever and then tied their hands with rules of engagement that , whether intentionally or not , have prolonged those wars for years and even decades .
There can be no greater insult to the honor of brave soldiers than to exhort them to give their lives defending freedom when in fact freedom is not at issue in the war .
The United States government is broke .
It has accumulated a debt that can never legitimately be repaid .
While entitlement programs are ultimately far more economically destructive , costing over twice as much as U.S. military adventures , the $ 700 billion annual military budget is the next largest contributor to the deficits .
Of that $ 700 billion , less than $ 200 billion is spent fighting the two current active wars .
An active war should represent the high water mark of government spending , yet most of our military expenditures go to support standing armies in places like Germany and Japan .
It is evident that the military could be downsized by orders of magnitude without jeopardizing U.S. security in the least .
In fact , the U.S. would be far more secure without troops in 135 countries inspiring resentment against Americans and fighting wars against nations that could not launch a military attack against the United States in anyone ’s wildest dreams .
Most importantly , the lives of hundreds of thousands of our troops , their opponents , and the innocent civilians in the countries that they fight in would be spared .
The gargantuan U.S. military establishment survives because American soldiers and civilians continue to accept the assertion that it is necessary to preserve our freedom .
This assertion is at best a destructive delusion and at worst an insidious lie , told by people who care nothing for our troops or the civilians they defend .
It is time to stop believing the lie and to truly support our troops .
Bring them home .
© Thomas Mullen 2010
Queen of the Sun – Bees in Crisis
By Rebecca Briggs
Through fantastic coincidence , I was fortunate to be in Seattle this weekend for a screening of Taggart Siegel and Jon Betz ’s new film , Queen of the Sun , at the Seattle International Film Festival .
Inspiring , humbling , thought provoking , entertaining , and beautifully shot , this film does much more than introduce the current crisis faced by the bees .
Queen of the Sun is a call for cultural renewal , for a holistic and compassionate understanding of these amazing creatures .
As predicted by Rudolf Steiner in 1923 , bees today face dire threats , as evidenced by the growing problem of colony collapse disorder ( CCD ) , where entire colonies of bees suddenly disappear .
Pesticides and herbicides attack these crucial pollinators , weakening them in many ways and potentially hampering their ability to find their way back to the hive .
Extensive swathes of monocultured crops destroy bee habitat by providing food for only several weeks out of the year .
The transitory nature of modern pollination services moves bees from almond fields to citrus groves all over the country , allowing diseases to move from hive to hive with unprecedented quickness .
Artificial insemination of queens eliminates their natural procreative flights , during which queens are inseminated by many drones , an instinctive ritual that ensures genetic diversity within the colony .
Modern agriculture has turned bees into mere “ tools ” for pollination services .
Like many other issues coming to light with industrialized agriculture , this mechanization of bees appeared to work for some years , but is now creating critical problems as we see massive colony die - offs .
In the question - and - answer period after the film , director Taggart Siegel spoke of fear he felt when he heard the quote by Albert Einstein that , without bees , “ man would only have four years of life left . ”
The lives of human and bees are so integrally intertwined that resolving the crisis requires more than quick fixes , but rather a genuine cultural renewal .
Those who have seen Siegel ’s prior work , The Real Dirt on Farmer John , will likely recognize the quirky , yet truly inspiring , nature of the film .
From an artist dancing with bees , to a French beekeeper who practices yoga meditation with his bees , to leading sustainable agriculture advocates and thinkers such as Michael Pollan , Raj Patel , and Vandana Shiva , Queen of the Sun provides a diverse and holistic view of the issue .
One also sees in the film the prominent and crucial role of biodynamics in understanding and responding to this crisis .
Biodynamic beekeeper Gunther Hauk , author of Toward Saving the Honeybee and founder of Spikenard Farm Honeybee Sanctuary , provides many insights about how we might observe , help , and build relationships with the bees .
Also featured are biodynamic beekeepers Michael Thiele of the Melissa Garden honeybee sanctuary and Jacqueline Freeman .
This is a meaningful , necessary film — one that deserves the wide attention given to other documentaries like Food , Inc .
The film is a project of Collective Eye , a non-profit community of filmmakers .
Word of mouth and grass - roots efforts can help this film succeed and get its critical message to as wide an audience as possible .
It was very interesting to note that many of the questions after the screening were directed to the question : “ how can we help get this out there ? ”
We are working to figure out how we can help , and we encourage you to comment and provide suggestions .
Recently by Jeffrey A. Tucker : The Relentless Misery of 1.6 Gallons
Part of the difficulty of understanding Mark Twain ’s political outlook is due to terminology and the tendency of politics to corrupt the meaning of everything .
As often as you see him called a liberal , he is called a conservative , and sometimes both in the same breath .
Critics puzzle about how one person could be champion of workers , owners , and the capitalist rich , while holding views that are antigovernment on domestic matters , antislavery , and antiwar .
They often conclude that his politics are incoherent .
Part of the reason for the confusion has to do with the changed meaning of liberalism as an ideology and the incapacity of modern critics to understand its 19th - century implications .
Twain was born as Samuel Langhorne Clemens in 1835 , when the meaning of liberalism was less ambiguous .
To be liberal was to favor free enterprise and property rights , oppose slavery , reject old - world caste systems , loathe war , be generally disposed toward free trade and cosmopolitanism , favor the social advance of women , favor technological progress — and to possess a grave skepticism toward government management of anything .
The tradition of thought extends from Enlightenment thinkers like Jefferson through 20th - century Misesians and Hayekians .
This outlook on the world might be nearly extinguished from politics today ( two flavors of statism ) , but it was the one embraced by Clemens .
By the time Clemens died in 1910 , liberalism was on the verge of transformation .
The Gilded Age of capitalist accumulation had come and gone , and inspired envy and ideological fanaticism all around .
Liberalism ’s progressive outlook led to sympathy for socialism and government management , and , later , to the war economy as a means of imposing economic regimentation in the absence of democratic consensus .
A half century later , liberalism would have moved full swing toward the very opposite of its 19th - century meaning , while those who opposed government management and favored free enterprise were called conservatives .
It is for this reason that Twain ’s political views are so frequently misunderstood , as the vast literature on his life and work easily demonstrates .
Biographers and critics have had difficulty figuring out how the same person could champion the interests of Newport capitalist class while founding the Anti-Imperialist League .
He loved America ’s attachment to property and commerce but emerged as the country ’s most severe critic of the warfare state ( he said that the United States should make a special flag for the Philippines : " white stripes painted black and the stars replaced by the skull and cross - bones . " )
Nearly alone in the Twain literature , Louis J. Budd ’s pioneering work Mark Twain : Social Philosopher described his outlook as unambiguously liberal in the mold of the Manchester School of Cobden and Bright .
" There is no good government at all & none possible , " he quotes Clemens in summary of his creed .
Mark Twain : Social Phi ... Budd , Louis J. Best Price : $ 20.83 Buy New $ 16.85 ( as of 11:12 EST - Details )
It is in the Budd book that we learn that Clemens was a great champion of technological progress and commerce , never worked up enthusiasm for welfarist measures , for society in the " business age " is governed by " exact and constant " laws that should not be " interfered with for the accommodation of any individual or political or religious faction . "
The author of this study does n’t use the term classical liberalism .
Instead he called Clemens ’s outlook a 19th - century , urban , middle - class liberalism .
Indeed , Budd himself regrets
Twain ’s political and economic outlook .
The author is even aghast that Twain acted as if " supply and demand was a fixed law rather than a debatable theory "
When the book was reviewed in the Nineteenth - Century Fiction Guy A. Cardwell wrote ,
by present standards Mark Twain was more conservative than liberal .
He believed strongly in laissez faire , thought personal political rights secondary to property rights , admired self - made plutocrats , and advocated a leadership to be composed of men of wealth and brains .
Among his attitudes now more readily recognized as liberal were a faith in progress through technology and a hostility towards monarchy , inherited aristocracy , the Roman Catholic church , and , in his later years , imperialism .
This review was written many decades ago , when liberals still had faith in technology .
This too changed in time , so that now his faith in technology would probably be unclassifiable .
His opposition to war would be similarly so , given how unpredictable antiwar feelings are among today ’s liberals and conservatives .
The party of liberalism that Clemens embraced no longer has a comfortable home in the current age .
This problem has led to a general confusion about his outlook on matters of political economy , and thus is his outlook generally disregarded as fuzzy and confused .
The Prince and the Pau ... Mark Twain Best Price : $ 1.22 Buy New $ 5.95 ( as of 03:30 EST - Details )
Actually , the best way to dispel that impression is by reading Twain ’s own work .
A look at some of his most popular fiction demonstrates that Budd is precisely right : he was a Manchesterite , a liberal of the old school , which , in today ’s terms , would probably cause him to be classified as a laissez - faire radical or libertarian .
He clung to the Whiggism of his family and youth , felt a stronger draw toward Jefferson Davis than Lincoln ( but famously and rightly deserted the centrally organized Confederate Army ) , and championed hard money .
He later supported Cleveland in the presidential election of 1884 , in part for his support of the gold standard .
Along with Twain ’s classical liberalism came a strong antiwar position , one which was rooted in Lockean - style love of liberty and opposition to government , not a Leninist - style analysis of the imperialism of finance capitalism .
" Talking of patriotism what humbug it is , " he wrote ; " it is a word that always commemorates a robbery . "
Further : " Patriotism is being carried to insane excess .
I know men who do not love God because He is a foreigner . "
He was an opponent of the Spanish - American War , believed that Filipinos who were harassing US troops were only fighting for their independence , and might have been the only American who publicly defended the Boxers in China as good patriots .
His general attitude toward political power can be summed up in his account of the transformation of Tom Canty in The Prince and the Pauper ( 1881 ) .
Tom was a pauper who finds himself required to act as a stand - in for the prince following an identity mix - up that began in a silly game of changing clothes .
The entire story is meant to illustrate the essential artificiality of the caste system that distinguished the nobles from the peasants — a novel filled with bitter vitriol toward the state penal system and overweening police power of the English state .
The Adventures of Tom ... Mark Twain Best Price : $ 0.10 Buy New $ 9.99 ( as of 04:45 EST - Details )
When Tom Canty comes to know the depredations of power from the inside , he is personally scandalized and sets about making humanitarian reforms .
This is the part of Tom usually emphasized in the movie versions .
But the original book adds an extra element of complexity , as if to illustrate the universal corruption that comes with power .
The formerly sweet , charming , and humane Tom Canty undergoes a radical change once he has power at his disposal :
When we saw him last , royalty was just beginning to have a bright side for him .
This bright side went on brightening more and more every day : in a very little while it was become almost all sunshine and delightfulness .
He lost his fears ; his misgivings faded out and died ; his embarrassments departed , and gave place to an easy and confident bearing .
He worked the whipping - boy mine to ever - increasing profit .
He ordered my Lady Elizabeth and my Lady Jane Grey into his presence when he wanted to play or talk , and dismissed them when he was done with them , with the air of one familiarly accustomed to such performances .
It no longer confused him to have these lofty personages kiss his hand at parting .
He came to enjoy being conducted to bed in state at night , and dressed with intricate and solemn ceremony in the morning .
It came to be a proud pleasure to march to dinner attended by a glittering procession of officers of state and gentlemen - at - arms ; insomuch , indeed , that he doubled his guard of gentlemen - at - arms , and made them a hundred .
He liked to hear the bugles sounding down the long corridors , and the distant voices responding , " Way for the King ! "
He even learned to enjoy sitting in throned state in council , and seeming to be something more than the Lord Protector ’s mouthpiece .
He liked to receive great ambassadors and their gorgeous trains , and listen to the affectionate messages they brought from illustrious monarchs who called him brother
He enjoyed his splendid clothes , and ordered more : he found his four hundred servants too few for his proper grandeur , and trebled them .
The adulation of salaaming courtiers came to be sweet music to his ears .
Later , as part of the coronation parade , we are told that " Tom Canty gazed abroad over the surging sea of eager faces , and his heart swelled with exultation ; and he felt that the one thing worth living for in this world was to be a king , and a nation ’s idol . "
Literature and the Eco ... Best Price : $ 12.36 Buy New $ 18.18 ( as of 10:15 EST - Details )
Thus do we see a vivid illustration of the central theme of classical liberalism , that power corrupts .
It even corrupts the reformer and those who intend to use their power on behalf of liberty , as indeed Tom Canty had during the early stages of his reign .
It is the office and the institution that do this to even the best people , and this power in the hands of bad people can unleash every manner of evil and call it good .
Another central theme of the old classical liberal school was its confidence in the ability of society to manage by itself and the futility of attempting to use the state apparatus as a mechanism for overriding the preferences of individuals .
This confidence in the ability of individuals to govern themselves stemmed from an understanding of the creative power of mutual exchange in the absence of the state and the violence against person and property unleashed by its presence .
This theme is returned to again and again in the course of the narrative in both The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn , two great American novels in which the state is conspicuous for its sheer absence .
Indeed , this is part of the great charm and enduring power of these two novels : they describe the affairs of a society that is in evolution apart from the state .
The state has only one role in the novels and it is entirely negative : it makes and enforces the fugitive slave laws .
It is this fact alone that turns Huckleberry and Jim into outlaws fleeing down the Mississippi to find freedom .
What critics have called the mere sentimentalism of the close relationship between the slave Jim , Tom , and Huck , can be more readily understood as an archetype of the kind of social relations that emerge in the condition of freedom .
Their relationship is not characterized by one of conflict , as people on the Left and Right might have it , but rather on humane and mutual respect for each other as individual human beings .
This was Clemens ’s essentially liberal vision of the capacity that people have for developing friendships apart from the coercion of the state .
Read the rest of the article
Jeffrey Tucker [ send him mail ] is editorial vice president of www.Mises.org.
The Best of Jeffrey Tucker
The Best of Jeffrey Tucker
Every cloud has a silver lining ( except for the mushroom shaped ones , which have a lining of Iridium & Strontium 90 ) .
Contact Us
Can We Really Fight Aging ?
With all his optimistic predictions it is easy to write off de Grey as a quack .
However , this assumption simply is n’t true by the very definition .
A quack makes unfounded outlandish promises about a medical treatment , hoping to sell you worthless herbs and modern day “ potions ” .
Aubrey on the other hand sends a message of hope but promises nothing and is quick to admit that there are n’t any adequate anti-aging treatments known .
He is n’t the one writing sensationalist headlines like “ We Could Live to 1,000 in the Future ” , it is the media .
Even then , the headline reads “ could ” and that is the whole point .
Perhaps we could do it , if the scientific establishment tried hard enough for long enough .
What skeptics often overlook is Aubrey de Grey is all about shifting our attitudes about aging .
Before the research can happen on the grand scale mainstream science must also embrace the dream of defeating aging .
Wealthy investors are equally important to fund the work .
A major roadblock lies in the fact that every person that tried to find the fountain of youth historically failed and died along with everyone else .
Ko Hung , Roger Bacon and Juan Ponce de León did n’t want to accept the fact that life is temporary , but it did n’t stop them from dying .
This viewpoint was pointed out by S. Jay Olshansky in his article entitled “ Do n’t fall for the cult of immortality ” .
Failure in the past does not mean that success is impossible in the future .
Flight was attempted for centuries and seen as “ impossible ” to many until the Wright brothers built the world ’s first successful airplane .
Perhaps a skeptical outlook is well suited to some but even skepticism cannot deny that immortality is possible , even if it is to happen far beyond our lifetimes .
Conclusion
Aubrey de Grey likes to sip on pints of beer dreaming of the society of immortal , god - like beings as proven by a recent documentary about his life and work .
He has the hugest aspirations but does n’t have a tiny fraction of the resources need to follow his vision through .
Maybe the problem is n’t that Aubrey is crazy , it is that the world we live in is n’t crazy enough .
If scientific credibility is attained by playing it safe , hopefully the next generation will prize the notion of the mad scientist that is willing to test anything .
Sometimes it takes a little dumb luck to get it right .
Optus this morning revealed its full pricing plans for mobile devices that use the new Micro SIM card — found in Apple ’s highly anticipated iPad device , which is slated to hit Australia from 28 May .
The plans come in both pre-paid and monthly plan varieties , unlike Telstra , which on Sunday only revealed pre-paid iPad plans .
VHA , which operates the 3 and Vodafone brands , has not yet revealed its iPad plans .
Optus has three monthly iPad plans , all of which require no yearly contract and feature no cancellation fees .
The three offerings cost $ 20 , $ 30 and $ 60 per month , and feature 2GB , 3GB and 8GB of included data downloads respectively .
The telco will charge $ 30 for its Micro SIM starter kit , which comes with 2GB of included data .
From then on users have a range of recharge options , startin at $ 15 for 500 MB of data and ranging up to $ 130 for 14 GB of data .
Until 30 September this year , each recharge comes with an addition 1GB of data downloads .
Telstra ’s pre-paid iPad plans require users to use their data allowances within 30 days of purchasing them , and some of Optus ’ plans are even worse — for example , if you recharge your Micro SIM with $ 15 or $ 20 worth , you have to use the included 500 MB or 1GB of data within just 15 days .
However , on larger amounts customers have 30 , 60 or even 186 days to use their allowance — with the 186 day limit only applying to the $ 80 recharge ( which includes 8 GB of data ) .
Optus will start offering its Micro SIM plans from 26 May 2010 .
The telco has also launched a website — OptusBeFirst.com.au — to promote the new Micro SIM packages , but the site does n’t mention the iPad , stating it is promoting “ the new tablet - ready Optus Micro SIM ” .
The site is being advertised through Google .
“ Register now , so you ’re all set to switch on your tablet and discover incredible new apps , purpose - built games and much more , ” the site exhorts potential customers .
“ Touch the future first with Optus . ”
So far , a VHA spokesperson has only said the following about its own plans : “ Vodafone and 3 Mobile ’s iPad data plans will give customers access to real innovation at a truly affordable price .
Customers will be getting great value from a company that really understands why fast internet that does n’t break the bank , or limit their enjoyment or freedom , matters . ”
Neither Optus nor Telstra will sell the iPad directly , but VHA has not confirmed whether it will or not .
Image credit : Delimiter screenshot of Optus press release
assion for strategic differentiation –
As one of New York City ’s top custom web design companies , we build some of the most professional web designs into specific niches in order to dominate a specific marketplace .
Our objective is to guide , captivate and engage your target market .
Standing alone in your marketplace is an effective way to lead by example .
Utilizing the top web designers in the industry paired with our Skygate marketing team , we can reach and touch the hearts of your prospects .
We deliver high impact rich media landscapes built into content management solutions allowing end - users full control over all aspects of updating content driven websites .
Our team of talented web designers has carefully crafted some of the latest site design techniques across numerous industries .
Skygate Media is a global web design company and web marketing firm located in the heart of New York City .
Precision Design with a Cohesive Brand Appeal
very pixel has a purpose .
We carefully select the top website designers in New York City and amplify their skill sets .
Count on us to stay at the very forefront of the latest tech , design and development techniques available .
Skygate Media stands alone amongst website designing companies stretched across the United States .
We stay on the very edge of new conceptual design and invite our prospective markets in for a test run .
Specializing in web design , website development , content management solution ( CMS ) , search engine optimization ( SEO ) and online marketing , Skygate Media understands that it is as important to create memorable content as it is to make sure it is consistently seen by the target audience .
What separates our projects from our competition ?
We ’re in love with what we do .
We listen intently to our clients , and in turn deploy precision detailed specific designs for the web .
Graphics are thoughtfully laid out to present a simple yet effective solution to engage our clients specific niche markets .
Our clients find passion in what we do from the initial mock ups to production , at every stage we are intent on driving home a powerful message as well as leaving a high impact lasting impression .
It is this drive and passion that has enabled us to create the best corporate websites and earn a reputation as one of the top marketing firms internationally .
With satisfied clients from coast to coast , we have assisted in improving their online presence to reflect their current and projected visions for their business .
As businesses and corporations evolve , so too should their website and SEO strategies in order to stay ahead of the competition and ride out the current market shifts within a given industry .
It is through the success of our clients that we continue to thrive as a leading online design and marketing firm .
Skygate Media Online Web Design RFP Submission
BP official downplays potential leakage from latest plan
Scientists have said that up to twenty percent more oil could gush out after underwater robots cut off the the pipe at the top of the blow out preventer but BP ’s managing director tried to downplay the potential increase Tuesday .
This next operation is being called the Lower Marine Riser Package ( LMRP ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There will be a little bit more oil , ” Bob Dudley said on the CBS Early Show .
Harry Smith was incredulous .
“ Well , twenty percent is not insignificant if thousands and thousands of barrels of oil are pouring out of there , ” said Smith .
Dudley avoided Smith ’s point .
“ I think you will see that these containment domes will work .
We have four of them on the site depending on how the cut is to be able to lift it down by the end of the week here , ” Dudley replied .
The federal government has said that the actual flow rate could be as high as 19,000 barrels per day .
A twenty percent increase would mean an additional 3,800 barrels per day .
BP initially estimated the flow rate at 1,000 barrels per day and then revised that estimate to 5,000 barrels per day .
ADVERTISEMENT
White House energy policy advisor Carol Browner believes BP has a vested interest in underestimating the flow rate .
“ I think it ’s important for the public to understand that BP does have a financial interest in downplaying the size of the flow , ” Browner told ABC ’s Robin Roberts Tuesday .
“ The American people need to know what the number is and this number will become an important piece of the litigation going forward because BP will be required to pay fines , a per barrel , per day fine of what they are leaking , ” she said .
This video is from CBS ’s Early Show , broadcast June 1 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from ABC ’s Good Morning America , broadcast June 1 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's chief of staff , Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei , said Wednesday that if Israel attacked Iran it would be destroyed within a week .
Speaking at a political conference of ultra-conservatives in Iran 's north , Mashaei said , " If the Zionist regime attacks Iran , the Zionists will have no longer than a week to live . "
The semi-official Fars news agency quoted him as saying that the Islamic Republic would destroy Israel " in less than 10 days " .
Mashaei , who was also formerly a vice president , added that new sanctions to be imposed on Iran for its nuclear program would only harm Western countries .
The statesman is considered a close affiliate of the Iranian president and has previously caused a stir by saying that Iran was " a friend of the Israeli people " .
He later retracted this statement and issued a contrary one saying Israel should be destroyed .
On a visit to Saudi Arabia Mashaei claimed that the annihilation of Israel should be a global goal .
He told Sudanese President Omar al - Bashir that " the corrupt and criminal Zionist regime is harming not only the Arab and Islamic world , but all of humanity . "
Easy 3 - Step Custom Award Process
You will work directly with our custom trophy design team to share ideas and discuss the major details needed to take your custom awards program to the next level .
All we need is your vision , budget , quantity and in hands date to narrow down what piece will work best for your event .
Now is the time to share any sketches or artwork you have , logos you would like to bring to life and thoughts on text and personalization for your custom crystal awards .
You will be impressed by our quick response time to your custom trophies request .
( Expand )
Once we understand your goals we will submit ideas based on the information we have discussed .
Unlike other custom award design companies , typically there is no charge for these services because we are just as anxious as you are to see the beautiful pieces we can create for you .
You will get a chance to review shape , size and color and make any adjustments you like .
As soon as we finalize your custom trophy we will submit your per piece price based on your unique requirements .
All pricing includes personalization and each custom crystal award comes in a high end presentation box .
( Expand )
This article is from the archive of our partner .
It 's a bit counter - intuitive to think the vocal and motor tics associated with Tourette 's syndrome could be a blessing .
But neuroscience buff Jonah Lehrer makes that very case in his recent post The Advantages of Tourette's .
Though Lehrer does n't have Tourette's , he had a severe stutter in his youth and argues that overcoming such obstacles has an empowering effect .
" For me , the lesson of stuttering is that obstacles can also be advantages , that who we become is deeply influenced by what we cannot do , " Lehrer writes .
" The secret is to struggle through , because the very act of raging against a disadvantage generates its own set of skills . "
Apparently , the same is true for individuals diagnosed with Tourette's :
The constant attempt to suppress these tics relies on the activation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex , a brain area closely associated with self - control , working memory and motor regulation .
Interestingly , this chronic struggle leads to enhanced cognitive control , at least on certain tasks .
Consider a 2006 study led researchers at the University of Nottingham .
The experiment involved a challenging eye - movement task , in which subjects were forced to actively inhibit automatic eye movements .
Here 's where the results get strange : individuals with Tourette 's made significantly fewer error responses than their " neurologically normal " peers , without a decrease in speed .
The scientists speculate that this result " likely reflects a compensatory change in Tourette individuals whereby the chronic suppression of tics results in a generalized suppression of reflexive behavior in favor of increased cognitive control . "
In other words , the struggle makes us stronger .
Lehrer delves into the subject now because of a newly published study that also speaks to the benefits of Tourette's .
[ Hat tip : The Morning News ]
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
At the Highland Bakery in Atlanta GA these amazingly detailed cakes are made by Karen Portaleo .
She got inspiration to be a cake decorator one day when she noticed that the cakes in her friend ’s bakery did n’t have any creations .
With a background in clay sculpturing she taught herself how to create spectacular decorations for cakes .
Portaelo has made cakes that look like a giant octopus , Darth Vader , a rhino and many other .
Speaking of being creative with food , check out how food can be transformed into landscapes for tiny human figures .
Sadly , Joss Whedon 's stellar sci- fi western Firefly remains grounded for now .
But Trekkie - like die - hard fans called Browncoats are nevertheless taking flight with their own film Browncoats : Redemption .
It hits the convention circuit starting with New England 's Granite - Con on May 23 .
" Browncoats : Redemption was made by the fans for the fans , " director Michael Dougherty explained to Wired.com by e-mail .
" But we view this as an independent film ; we had Firefly fans travel from all over the U.S. to volunteer their time as extras and other supportive roles in its production .
Without them , this film would not exist , and it will only be successful with their continued help and support . "
Browncoats picks up the story on Miranda , three months after the events of Whedon 's film Serenity , with fans volunteering as cast and crew .
It 's not a documentary of Firefly , but meant to be a sci - fi feature on its own based on the world Whedon created .
The support has ramped up as Dougherty and his crowdsourced crew of indie Whedonites labored to keep Firefly 's fan - driven foray into feature - film in orbit .
The film will be officially released at Dragon - Con in September , but it will pop up at Granite - Con and Comic - Con before that .
Teasing Browncoats : Redemption 's progress are unveilings of trailers and behind - the - scenes sneak peeks .
" We 're in the final stages of editing a completed rough cut that puts the film 's run time at 84 minutes , " said Dougherty .
" There are a few scene tweaks , additional dialog recording and CGI finalizing left to do .
But we believe we 've created a strong film with high production values that will also allow it to stand independently . "
Like Star
Trek before it , Firefly was a terribly underrated sci- fi franchise that endured years of worse programming before its fans took matters into their own hands .
Unfortunately , these fan - film flurries are as close as fans will get to the good ship Serenity , at least until Joss Whedon pursues a probably inevitable sequel or prequel of some sort .
But unlike Gene Roddenberry 's humanistic classic , Firefly fandom is not just funding its own feature film , but also giving much of that labor of love 's proceeds back to the public .
" Browncoats : Redemption is a charity project , " Dougherty explained , " created to raise funds for five charities through our love of the Firefly / Serenity universe .
We 'll also be supporting the annual Ca n't Stop the Serenity charity screenings , where we 'll be sharing the first 12 minutes of our film .
We feel that the highest quality film we can make will do the greatest amount of good for the charities we support , and perhaps even allow us to reach new Browncoats . "
That should n't be too hard , with or without the help of Browncoats : Redemption .
Whedon's Firefly is a timeless merge of mashed genres , interstellar action and pervasive humor .
It 's arguably more compelling than Whedon 's other programming like Dollhouse , and maybe the forthcoming Avengers film , unless he 's allowed to stretch out by the suits .
" There 's much hope , provided that he 's given the creative freedom to move , " Dougherty said .
" I 'm even more hopeful since it 's been said that Whedon may be rewriting it .
He 's had a great relationship with Marvel and a successful history writing and directing for ensembles . "
Firefly faithful are also looking forward to Whedon 's peripheral projects .
He 's producing and co-writing the horror - comedy The Cabin in the Woods and working on a documentary about San Diego 's fangasmic Comic - Con .
Fans are also geeked on Patton Oswalt , who wrote the comic Serenity : Float Out , due June 2 from Dark Horse .
It 's all good in the Whedonverse .
" We have n't seen Whedon do a documentary yet , and I can't wait to see his take on horror , " Dougherty said .
" I hope another Dr. Horrible comes out , but I would n't be terribly upset if it did n't .
But Whedon is one of those artists that , no matter what medium he pursues , people will follow him to see his take . "
Ford Motor Co. ( F ) has been on the resurgence in the past year or so .
It ’s chief domestic rival General Motors has yet to make a return to Wall Street , Japan auto maker Toyota ( TM ) has been beset by recalls and Honda ( HMC ) has struggled for the past six months as the auto industry looks to the future .
Ford continues to shine as one of the best auto stocks to buy right now .
The company turned profitable in the third quarter of 2009 , and has seen steadily improving earnings per share for more than a year .
Each of these Ford earnings reports blew away Wall Street estimates , with Ford Motor Co. stock posting at least a 48 % earnings surprise in each of the last four quarters .
All these improvements for Ford have translated into big profits for F stock as well .
Ford is up 15 % year - to - date in 2010 , compared with a less than 1 % gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
In the last six months , F stock is up 30 % and in the last year Ford is up over 110 % .
With all these gains , you ’d think investors would have little to complain about .
But there is one problem : Ford has not paid a dividend since 2006 .
Now that the company has become profitable , some are calling for F stock to start making quarterly payouts once more .
The lack of a dividend increase for Ford rubs some investors the wrong way .
But what ’s really raising hackles on Wall Street is the fact that Ford Motor Co. is in talks with the United Auto Workers to restore college tuition reimbursement for its 41,000 hourly U.S. workers .
Considering the cost of education these days , that ’s a huge payday for a group of employees many already see as grossly overcompensated .
It ’s difficult to pin down how many workers would take Ford up on the offer , but if mere 1,000 members of the workforce enroll , that ’s over $ 7 million based on the 2009 - 10 average cost of $ 7,020 for a public four - year college .
Previous tuition benefits had included money to cover books and other costs , so real numbers could be even higher if the plan is agreed upon .
With almost 3.5 billion shares outstanding , that money is n’t much of a payday for F stock shareholders .
But it ’s the principal of the thing for many income - oriented Ford stock investors who stuck with the stock through some dark days in 2008 and early 2009 .
Ford CEO
Alan Mulally said at the company ’s recent shareholder meeting that F stock has no timetable for its dividend as of yet , though he tossed out a vapid comment about how he expects the company “ to be solidly profitable for the full year in 2010 on a pretax basis , excluding special items . ”
He also pointed to “ continued improvement ” in 2011 , but also no guarantee of a dividend .
As of this writing , Jeff Reeves did not own positions in any of the stocks named here .
Tell us what you think here .
Related Articles :
The oil spill is only the latest , albeit one of the biggest , of horrendous atrocities brought upon this planet by us .
Some are catastrophic as the oil spill , some are just going on and on for decades , like mining .
This blog has already reported on some and I am reposting them here .
But there are many more examples of how we blatantly disregard the very basis of our own existence .
The planet we share is destroyed by our way of living .
I must warn you , some of the videos linked to contain graphic and heartbreaking material , I put up an alert on those .
Please just ignore those videos if you want , I am not out for hurting you .
The Great Pacific Garbage Patch
The West Papua Grasberg Mine
Is Your Drinking Water Safe ?
Bhopal ( Video contains very graphic pictures )
Chernobyl ( Video contains very graphic content )
West Virginia and other Open Pit Mining
Tar Sands
You know I could go on forever .
The Niger Delta , Linfen ( the most polluted city in the world ) , Russia ’s Dzerzhinsk ( the most chemically polluted city in the world ) and many more .
I have not even started on the rainforests and the overfishing of the oceans .
It is maybe not to late to change gear , but we have to do it quickly .
So , please add information , links or videos on this subject in the comments section to this post , this will only help to make the picture more clear and the urgency more visible .
Thanks .
: : : : : : : : : :
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Quinoa is perhaps one of the most perfect non-animal sources of protein on the planet .
What makes quinoa ( pronounce keen - wah ) unique is that it is the only plant based source of complete protein .
" Complete " means that it contains all 9 of the essential amino acids that are crucial to human function and health .
Quinoa is a favorite of vegans for this reason .
The vegan diet often can fall short of protein , especially complete protein sources , and quinoa fills this void quite nicely .
Not only is quinoa excellent for vegans , but it is also a wonderful option for those that follow a gluten free diet , since it is completely gluten free .
While quinoa is considered by most people to be a grain because it cooks up much like a grain would , it is actually a seed .
When cooked , it has a wonderful nutty sort of flavor and is noted for the fine white string - like casing that is visible only when fully cooked .
How Do You Cook Quinoa ?
You cook quinoa exactly as you would cook brown rice .
The measurements are two parts water to one part quinoa .
For instance , if you were cooking 1 cup of dry quinoa , you would cook it in 2 liquid cups of water .
It usually takes about twenty minutes to fully cook once the water comes to a boil .
You want to be careful not to overcook it , as it can become soft and lose its shape if cooked for too long .
The flavor also suffers if it is overcooked .
Quinoa is wonderful when paired with lightly steamed broccoli and some cubed avocado , and a bit of sea salt .
You can also serve it cold with diced fresh organic tomatoes and some natural southwestern or Mexican - style seasoning for a south of the border taste .
What Are Some of the Other Health Benefits of Quinoa ?
Aside from being an excellent non-animal source of protein , quinoa contains many essential vitamins , minerals and nutrients .
It is rich in manganese , which is pivotal in activating enzymes vital to efficiently metabolizing carbohydrates , and cholesterol .
It is also vital to bone development and maintenance .
Quinoa is also rich in lysine .
Lysine is one of the essential amino acids of the nine , and it plays an important role in the absorption of calcium and the formation of collagen .
It is also thought to be useful for the prevention of herpes breakouts and cold sores in some people .
Quinoa is considered to be an excellent alternative to other grain foods that contribute to the growth of candida .
Candida is a " bad bacteria " that causes or contributes to a range of health problems , most notably digestion and elimination issues in the human body .
Quinoa is thought to be a " good bacteria " for the gut , the intestines and the colon .
It is also a food that is on the low end of the glycemic index .
This makes it a great choice for those with blood sugar issues , and if you 're watching you 're weight , it 's a great addition to a balanced diet .
Sources : Danna Norek is the owner and primary contributor for several natural health blogs and websites , where she frequently shares her experiences and knowledge on herbal supplements , natural remedies , vitamins , and healthy lifestyle habits .
You can find information on a 100 % natural , chemical free deodorant here at Natural Effective Deodorant and an all natural sebum - neutralizing , SLS , paraben and chemical free Acne Soap with lavender , lemongrass and tea tree essential oils here at All Natural Acne Soap
Beneath the endless announcements of Greece 's " rescue " lie fundamental asymmetries that doom the euro , the joint currency that has been the centerpiece of European unity since its introduction in 1999 .
The key imbalance is between export powerhouse Germany , which generates huge trade surpluses , and its trading partners , which run large trade and budget deficits , particularly Portugal , Italy , Ireland , Greece and Spain .
Those outside of Europe may be surprised to learn that Germany 's exports are roughly equal to those of China ( $ 1.2 trillion ) , even though Germany 's population of 82 million is a mere 6 % of China 's 1.3 billion .
Germany and China are the world 's top exporters , while the U.S. trails as a distant third .
Germany 's emphasis on exports places it in the so - called mercantilist camp , countries that depend heavily on exports for their growth and profits .
Other ( nonoil - exporting ) nations that routinely generate large trade surpluses include China , Japan , Germany , Taiwan and the Netherlands .
While Germany 's exports rose an astonishing 65 % from 2000 to 2008 , its domestic demand flatlined near zero .
Without strong export growth , Germany 's economy would have been at a standstill .
The Netherlands is also a big exporter ( trade surplus of $ 33 billion ) even though its population is relatively tiny , at only 16 million .
The " consumer " countries , on the other hand , run large current - account ( trade ) deficits and large government deficits .
Italy , for instance , has a $ 55 billion trade deficit and a budget deficit of about $ 110 billion .
Total public debt is a whopping 115.2 % of GDP .
Spain , with about half the population of Germany , has a $ 69 billion annual trade deficit and a staggering $ 151 billion budget deficit .
Fully 23 % of the government 's budget is borrowed .
Although the euro was supposed to create efficiencies by removing the costs of multiple currencies , it has had a subtly pernicious disregard for the underlying efficiencies of each eurozone economy .
Though German wages are generous , the German government , industry and labor unions have kept a lid on production costs even as exports leaped .
As a result , the cost of labor per unit of output -- the wages required to produce a widget -- rose a mere 5.8 % in Germany in the 2000 - 09 period , while equivalent labor costs in Ireland , Greece , Spain and Italy rose by roughly 30 % .
The consequences of these asymmetries in productivity , debt and deficit spending within the eurozone are subtle .
In effect , the euro gave mercantilist , efficient Germany a structural competitive advantage by locking the importing nations into a currency that makes German goods cheaper than the importers ' domestically produced goods .
Put another way :
By holding down production costs and becoming more efficient than its eurozone neighbors , Germany engineered a de facto " devaluation " within the eurozone by lowering the labor - per - unit costs of its goods .
The euro has another deceptively harmful consequence :
The currency 's overall strength enables debtor nations to rapidly expand their borrowing at low rates of interest .
In effect , the euro masks the internal weaknesses of debtor nations running unsustainable deficits and those whose economies had become precariously dependent on the housing bubble ( Ireland and Spain ) for growth and taxes .
Prior to the euro , whenever overconsumption and overborrowing began hindering an import - dependent " consumer " economy , the imbalance was corrected by an adjustment in the value of the nation 's currency .
This currency devaluation would restore the supply - demand and credit - debt balances between mercantilist and consumer nations .
Absent the euro today , the Greek drachma would fall in value versus the German mark , effectively raising the cost of German goods to Greeks , who would then buy fewer German products .
Greece 's trade deficit would shrink , and lenders would demand higher rates for Greek government bonds , effectively pressuring the government to reduce its borrowing and deficit spending .
But now , with all 16 nations locked into a single currency , devaluing currencies to enable a new equilibrium is impossible .
And it leaves Germany facing with the unenviable task of bailing out its " customer nations " -- the same ones that exploited the euro 's strength to overborrow and overconsume .
On the other side , residents of Greece , Italy , Spain , Portugal and Ireland now face the unenviable effects of government benefit cuts aimed at realigning budgets with the productivity of the underlying national economy .
While the media has reported the Greek austerity plan and EU promises of assistance as a " fix , " it 's clear that the existing deep structural imbalances cannot be resolved with such Band - Aids .
Either Germany and its export - surplus neighbors continue bailing out the eurozone 's importer / debtor consumer nations , or eventually the weaker nations will default or slide into insolvency .
Germany helped enable the overborrowing of its profligate neighbors by buying their government bonds .
According to BusinessWeek , German banks are on the hook for almost $ 250 billion in the troubled eurozone nations ' bonds .
Now a vicious conundrum has emerged :
If Germany lets its weaker neighbors default on their sovereign debt , the euro will be harmed , and German exports within Europe will slide .
But if Germany becomes the " lender of last resort , " then its taxpayers end up footing the bill .
If public and private debt in the troubled nations keeps rising at current rates , it 's possible that even mighty Germany may be unable ( or unwilling ) to fund an essentially endless bailout .
That would create pressure within both Germany and the debtor nations to jettison the single currency as a good idea in theory , but ultimately unworkable in a 16 - nation bloc as diverse as the eurozone .
Be wary of the endless " fixes " to a structurally doomed system .
" This guy is THE leading visionary on reality .
He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about , yet , turn out to be quite relevant months later . "
-- Walt Howard , commenting about CHS on another blog .
Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation .
Thank you , subscribers , for your generous monthly contributions to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
Tuesday ’s primary elections were a mixed bag for Ohio .
Nickie Antonio , an at - large city councilwoman of Lakewood , won the Democratic nomination for District 13 of the Ohio House of Representatives .
Antonio is an out lesbian and would represent Lakewood , a suburb of Cleveland with a sizable LGBT population , in the Ohio House if she wins in November .
But , of course , the bad always balances out the good : Samuel “ Joe the Plumber ” Wurzelbacher — former presidential candidate Sen .
John McCain ’s average Joe , who would n’t be able to make ends meet under Obama ’s economic plan — won a seat on the local Republican Party committee in Lucas County .
The group he ’ll serve on meets a few times a year to elect the county chairman and sets the party agenda , the Associated Press reports .
After FOX News yanked Sean Hannity from Cincinnati Tea Party Rally last month , Wurzelbacher filled in .
He was met with cheers when he advised the crowd to not allow “ a bunch of liberal pansies ” to take away their rights .
“ I ’ve had some friends that are actually homosexual .
And , I mean , they know where I stand , and they know that I would n’t have them anywhere near my children , ” Wurzelbacher told Christianity Today .
“ But at the same time , they ’re people , and they ’re going to do their thing . ”
It ’s people like him that make me just so proud to be an Ohioian .
Fifty Baha ’i families in the village of Eival could do nothing but watch their houses being demolished this week , RAHNA reported .
On June 22 , the Baha ’is of Eival learned that non-Baha ’is in their village are collecting signatures to destroy , level and clear the houses of the Baha ’is living in the villages .
Some of the Baha ’is approached the local administration office but were turned away as Iranian officials stated that the reports are unfounded .
On the next day , the Baha ’is again approached the local office , a police station in Telmadareh and also went governor ’s office in the Mazandaran province capital in Sari .
All authorities stated that the reports were false and accused the Baha ’is of breaking the law by approaching them .
Eival village entered a state of quarantine for 48 hours and Baha ’i families were violently barred from their homes .
Following this the demolition of the Baha ’i houses began .
According to an eyewitness , a few men with trucks demolished and leveled around fifty houses of Baha ’is in the village .
The following footage of the aftermath of the destruction was obtained by HRA - IRAN :
This piece is dedicated to all those conservative Atlas - holes out there who are so convinced by their delusional Randian fantasies that they are the hardworking pillars on which the universe rests , that they seem to have forgotten a few facts about the world .
See , I 'm talking about people like this guy .
People like him think that they 're special .
They think that without the rare jewels like them supporting the world so all the bottom - feeding parasites below can have a free ride , the economy would collapse .
They also like to think that even if it did , they would be just fine .
They , because of their industrious nature , would prevail in a more just society where their hard work , innate talent and unmatched creativity would not be restrained by the shackles of a state that forced them to take notice of lesser men who would live like a leech off the labor of their betters .
But the truth is , those people are the real parasites .
It would be far too easy for me to simply rely on the time - honored statistics that bluer , more progressive states tend to be the providers , while the more self - righteous conservative states with their constantly proclaimed message of an ethic of self - reliance are generally the ones that take the most and contribute the least .
Yes , many progressives like me who live in dens of iniquity such as Hollywood are becoming supremely tired of paying for the stop signs of people who hate everything we stand for .
It 's always self - satisfying to point out this logical and moral contradiction , but that 's not so much the point today .
Instead , I 'd like to point to the most telling thing that our exemplary Atlas - hole said in defense of his own stunning hypocrisy :
That 's just my money coming back to me .
Yes , it 's hypocritical that he complains about people who get money from the government , while he 's getting so much money from the government .
But the most important aspect of this defense is one simple fact : it shows that he , and so many like him , expect to get something for nothing .
And that is one way to characterize a parasite .
Imagine a scenario in which I go to a farmer 's market and buy some vegetables .
I then take my vegetables home , turn them into a delicious saute , and scarf them down ( incidentally , this is a good habit .
try it sometime ) .
Having done so , I then return to the vegetable vendor and take my dollar bills back .
When he complains , I just say , " what 's the problem ?
it 's my money coming back to me ! "
Under this quite clearly contrived scenario , you would undoubtedly consider me not just an outright sociopath , but one with no understanding of the principles of commerce or the exchange of legal tender for goods and services .
And you would be right to do so .
But for some reason , when the subject turns to taxes , all sense of logic and fairness go out the window .
It has been said that taxes are the price we pay for a just society .
A good platitude , and an accurate one .
But entirely insufficient .
In an abstract sense , taxes do pay for society at large .
But in a much more concrete sense , taxes are nothing but payment for services rendered by the government -- and the only difference between my individual purchase of vegetables at the farmer 's market and my tax obligations is that of scale .
There may be a myriad of ways for me to spend my income , but never in a million years would there ever be a possibility that I would be able to get together collectively with the millions of residents of my County to accurately calculate and pay for my share of the impending expansion of the subway system .
Thus , we hire elected officials to represent us and broker these transactions for our collective benefit .
And now we get to the main lesson for the Atlas - hole described above .
While the price you may pay for goods and services is often negotiable , there 's one thing that is n't : the fact that you bought something with your money , and it is n't yours any more , any more than the money I used to pay for my vegetables is still mine .
I spent it ; and so did you .
Which brings me to the point of all this .
The real parasite is not the one who receives a meager measure of support from the state once the harsh hand of the market has touched them unfairly .
Rather , the true bloodsucker is the one who can't even understand that they should pay for the services that they use .
A tapeworm does n't really recognize that it 's someone else 's intestine -- but it 's more forgivable because a tapeworm lacks the rational capacity for thought .
Ubisoft , never tired of finding ways to screw with its customers , is undoubtedly punching the air and rubbing its hands together at the news of EA Sport 's Online Pass initiative , a new scheme that charged secondhand buyers $ 10 to play its games online , while brand new copies offer it for free .
Unsurprisingly , Ubisoft likes this , and may follow with its own plans .
" Most of the games we are releasing next year will have from the start downloadable content available , " explains Ubisoft CFO Alain Martinez , " and we are looking very carefully at what is happening with EA regarding what we are calling the $ 10 solution , and will probably be following that line sometime in the future . "
That 's all well and good , and I get that publishers do n't want people buying used games .
However , this despicable victim complex from companies that still make millions upon millions of dollars and charge $ 60 per game really is getting trite and pathetic .
I 'm sick to death of publishers acting like the used market is exclusive to the industry and a dreadful cancer , especially as we 're edging ever closer to an all - digital market where these companies are gearing up for complete dominion over its customers and their wallets .
Basically , STFU game industry .
You 're not a unique and fragile little flower .
Actually offering good incentives for paying customers , rather than holding expected features hostage , should be your focus .
But of course , that would be the less dickish thing to do , and we can't have that .
Ubisoft will ' probably follow ' EA 's Project $ 10 [ Videogamer ]
The Red Cross has confirmed reports there is a second secret detention centre at the Bagram air base in Afghanistan .
The base is already home to the Parwan Detention Facility , which holds prisoners detained by US forces .
The ICRC says there is another structure on the Bagram air base where detainees are being held and , that since August 2009 , the US authorities have been notifying it of names of people detained there .
In recent weeks , the BBC has logged the testimonies of nine former prisoners who say they were held at the facility .
They said they were deprived of sleep by US military personnel there .
In response to these allegations , Vice Admiral Robert Harward , in charge of US detentions in Afghanistan , denied the existence of such a facility , or abuses , and said the Parwan detention facility - the main jail in the area - was the only detention facility in Afghanistan .
- BBC
The mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) complex 2 ( mTORC2 ) is a multimeric signaling unit that phosphorylates protein kinase B / Akt following hormonal and growth factor stimulation .
Defective Akt phosphorylation at the mTORC2 - catalyzed Ser473 site has been linked to schizophrenia .
While human imaging and animal studies implicate a fundamental role for Akt signaling in prefrontal dopaminergic networks , the molecular mechanisms linking Akt phosphorylation to specific schizophrenia - related neurotransmission abnormalities have not yet been described .
Importantly , current understanding of schizophrenia suggests that cortical decreases in DA neurotransmission and content , defined here as cortical hypodopaminergia , contribute to both the cognitive deficits and the negative symptoms characteristic of this disorder .
We sought to identify a mechanism linking aberrant Akt signaling to these hallmarks of schizophrenia .
We used conditional gene targeting in mice to eliminate the mTORC2 regulatory protein rictor in neurons , leading to impairments in neuronal Akt Ser473 phosphorylation .
Rictor - null ( KO ) mice exhibit prepulse inhibition ( PPI ) deficits , a schizophrenia - associated behavior .
In addition , they show reduced prefrontal dopamine ( DA ) content , elevated cortical norepinephrine ( NE ) , unaltered cortical serotonin ( 5 - HT ) , and enhanced expression of the NE transporter ( NET ) .
In the cortex , NET takes up both extracellular NE and DA .
Thus , we propose that amplified NET function in rictor KO mice enhances accumulation of both NE and DA within the noradrenergic neuron .
This phenomenon leads to conversion of DA to NE and ultimately supports both increased NE tissue content as well as a decrease in DA .
In support of this hypothesis , NET blockade in rictor KO mice reversed cortical deficits in DA content and PPI , suggesting that dysregulation of DA homeostasis is driven by alteration in NET expression , which we show is ultimately influenced by Akt phosphorylation status .
These data illuminate a molecular link ,
Akt regulation of NET , between the recognized association of Akt signaling deficits in schizophrenia with a specific mechanism for cortical hypodopaminergia and hypofunction .
Additionally , our findings identify
Akt as a novel modulator of monoamine homeostasis in the cortex .
Schizophrenia is a disorder caused by multiple genetic and environmental variables .
Despite the disease 's heterogeneous causes , current hypotheses suggest that dysfunction of dopamine signaling in the brain is one of the final common pathways involved .
One gene that may be involved encodes the protein kinase
Akt , which is regulated by hormones , growth factors , and neurotransmitter receptors .
In this study , we examined the potential molecular mechanisms linking Akt dysregulation to cortical hypodopaminergia , and ultimately to the pathology of schizophrenia .
Using transgenic technology , we generated a mouse model with defective neuronal Akt signaling .
Neurochemical and behavioral phenotypes associated with schizophrenia include decreases in prefrontal dopamine signaling and deficits in sensorimotor gating , two phenotypes we observed in our transgenic animals .
Further , we observed that impaired cortical Akt activity significantly enhanced norepinephrine transporter function .
Interestingly , we found that by blocking this transporter , we could reverse the cortical hypodopaminergia and behavioral deficits seen in our transgenic mice .
The norepinephrine transporter is a presynaptic membrane protein that is critical for maintaining both norepinephrine and cortical dopamine homeostasis .
Taken together , this work supports the potential for targeting both Akt and the norepinephrine transporter for treating dopamine - related mood disorders .
Funding :
This work is supported by National Institutes of Health grants DA14684 ( to AG and LCD ) , MH058921 ( to AG ) , DK085712 ( to KDN and AG ) , MH084755 ( to SDR ) , DK069927 ( to KDN ) , and partially by DC009488 ( to DBP ) , DK064857 ( to KDN ) , resources of the Tennessee Valley Healthcare System , and by the Diabetes Research and Training Center ( DRTC ; DK20593 , to AG and KDN ) .
This work is partially supported by resources of the Vanderbilt University Silvio O. Conte Center for Neuroscience Research ( MH078028 , to PJG ) .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
To test this hypothesis , we have generated an animal model in which mTORC2 / Akt signaling down - regulation is achieved by neuronal deletion of a key mTORC2 regulatory subunit , rictor .
We used a Cre-lox strategy to restrict the genetic deletion to neurons and bypass embryonic lethality associated with whole body deletion [ 21 ] .
The goal of the present study is to test how alteration in Akt signaling affects DA homeostasis in the prefrontal cortex .
Termination of DA signaling at prefrontal synapses involves two mechanisms : degradation via enzymes including COMT , and clearance via the norepinephrine ( NE ) transporter ( NET ) [ 16 ] , [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , which takes up both major brain catecholamines , DA and NE [ 17 ] , [ 19 ] .
Interestingly , insulin administration , which stimulates mTORC2 / Akt signaling , decreases NET transcription in brain , while hypoinsulinemia and decreased mTORC2 / Akt signaling increases NET transcription [ 20 ] .
Therefore , we hypothesized that dysregulation of mTORC2 / Akt signaling may provide a mechanistic link to cortical hypodopaminergia .
Specifically , we propose that reduced
Akt activity mediates increased NET expression and increased DA clearance by noradrenergic neurons in cortex , a novel molecular mechanism that explains how Akt dysfunction contributes to a reduction in prefrontal DA .
While human imaging and animal studies implicate a fundamental role for Akt signaling in prefrontal DA networks , the molecular mechanisms linking mTORC2 / Akt to schizophrenia - related neurotransmission abnormalities have been elusive [ 3 ] , [ 6 ] .
Importantly , models of schizophrenia suggest that cortical deficits in DA neurotransmission and content , defined here as cortical hypodopaminergia , contribute to both the cognitive deficits and the negative symptoms characteristic of this disorder [ 14 ] .
Consistent with this hypothesis , imaging studies reveal that genetic variation associated with low activity
Akt alleles interact epistatically with catechol - O- methyltransferase ( COMT ) , a gene responsible for degradation of prefrontal synaptic DA .
Together , these interactions ultimately affect the fidelity of prefrontal networks in humans [ 3 ] by decreasing DA availability at prefrontal synapses [ 15 ] .
Thus , a compelling hypothesis in schizophrenia is that impaired mTORC2 / Akt signaling triggers aberrant regulation of DA homeostasis .
Putative evidence for a role of defects in mTORC2 signaling in mental illnesses preceded the discovery of the mTORC2 complex itself .
Indeed , lithium , used to treat bipolar disorder , stimulates phosphorylation of Akt at Ser473 , the mTORC2 phosphorylation site [ 7 ] .
The link between mTORC2 signaling deficits and mental illness has been strengthened by seminal work demonstrating that certain antidepressants [ 8 ] , along with both typical [ 4 ] and atypical antipsychotics [ 9 ] , increase Akt Ser473 phosphorylation .
Furthermore , findings of diminished Ser473 phosphorylation and / or activity in post - mortem brains of patients with schizophrenia [ 10 ] and depression [ 11 ] potentially fortify the association between dysregulation of mTORC2 - Akt signaling and development of psychiatric illnesses , although these findings may be confounded by perimortem artifacts [ 12 ] .
Recent observations that blunted Ser473 phosphorylation occurs in lymphocytes derived from patients with schizophrenia and psychosis - prone normal individuals [ 13 ] also support the plausibility that mTORC2 - Akt deficits are involved in schizophrenia .
Mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) complex 2 ( mTORC2 ) is one of two highly conserved protein kinases that are critical regulators of cell growth and metabolism .
mTOR complex 1 ( mTORC1 ) and mTORC2 are functionally distinct multiprotein complexes that are defined by their subunit composition , rapamycin sensitivity , and substrate selectivity .
Raptor , mLST8 , PRAS40 , and mTOR comprise the rapamycin sensitive mTORC1 while the rapamycin insensitive mTORC2 contains rictor , mSIN1 , mLST8 , and mTOR .
Two key substrates of mTORC1 are S6 K and 4E - BP , which are important regulators of translation , while protein kinase B , also known as Akt , is the primary substrate of mTORC2 [ 1 ] .
Specifically , mTORC2 is the kinase responsible for phosphorylation of Akt at serine residue 473 , one of two key phosphorylation sites [ 1 ] .
Akt is an extensively studied kinase that has been implicated in numerous disorders such as diabetes , obesity , cancer , and mental disorders such as schizophrenia [ 2 ] .
Post - mortem , imaging , and genetic association studies in humans [ 3 ] , [ 4 ] , [ 5 ] reveal that Akt deficiencies are associated with schizophrenia .
Genetic studies in rodents further corroborate the relationship between dysregulation in Akt signaling and disruptions in dopamine ( DA ) - associated behaviors linked to schizophrenia [ 4 ] , [ 6 ] .
Results
Rictor Deletion Attenuates Akt Ser473 Phosphorylation
Akt deficiency is mechanistically linked to prefrontal cortex abnormalities and schizophrenia - linked phenotypes in several mouse models [ 6 ] , although a clear molecular mechanism for how Akt regulates cortical function remains elusive .
Here , we investigate the dopaminergic consequences of abolishing Akt phosphorylation at Ser473 in neurons by utilizing the Cre / LoxP system to delete rictor specifically in neurons .
Mice were engineered with a floxed rictor allele , as previously described [ 21 ] , and crossed with neuron - specific nestin gene ( NES mice )
Cre driver line .
Validating our approach , rictor knockout ( KO ) mice lack rictor mRNA expression and rictor protein expression in a gene - dosage dependent manner within the brain and cortex ( Figure S1 ; p<0.01 and p<0.05 , respectively , by one - way ANOVA followed by Dunnett 's test ) .
Importantly for the current hypothesis , neuronal rictor deletion abolishes
Akt phosphorylation at Ser473 within the cortex of rictor KO mice ( Figure 1A ; *** p< 0.001 by one - way ANOVA Dunnett 's test ) compared to FLOX ( floxed allele (s ) in the absence of Cre ) , NES ( Cre allele in the absence of a FLOX allele ) , and heterozygous rictor neuronal KO mice ( HET ) .
Phosphorylation of Akt at Thr308 ( Figure 1B ) and total levels of Akt ( Figure 1C ) within the cortex are not different among the genotypes , allowing a direct evaluation of the effects of Ser473 phosphorylation .
Similarly , rictor deletion also abolishes
Akt phosphorylation at Ser473 in other brain regions , such as the substantia nigra ( SN ) / ventral tegmental area ( VTA ) of rictor KO mice , while Thr308 phosphorylation and total levels of Akt are unaltered ( data were normalized to control ( FLOX ) and reported as mean±s .e.m. , p values by Student 's t test ; pAkt Ser473 FLOX = 100±13 % , KO = 6±1 % , p<0.001 ; pAkt Thr308 FLOX = 100±13 % , KO = 89±8 % , p = 0.49 ; total Akt FLOX = 100±13 % , KO = 101±10 % , p = 0.96 ) .
Furthermore , total protein levels of mTOR in the cortex are not altered by neuron - specific rictor KO ( data were normalized to control ( FLOX ) and reported as mean±s .e.m. ; FLOX = 100±9 % , NES = 130±12 % , HET = 118±12 % , KO = 116±12 % ; p = 0.32 by one - way ANOVA followed by Dunnett 's test ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 1 .
Neuronal rictor deletion specifically abolishes
Akt phosphorylation at Ser473 in the cortex .
( A ) Phosphorylation of Akt on residue Ser473 in the cortex .
( B ) Phosphorylation of Akt at Thr308 and ( C ) total Akt in the cortex are similar for all genotypes .
Shown are mean±s.e.m of optical densities as a percentage of FLOX control mice .
Genotypes shown include animals expressing only nestin- CRE ( NES ) , mice expressing two copies of the “ floxed ” rictor allele ( FLOX ) only , heterozygous mice which express nestin-CRE and a single copy of the “ floxed ” rictor allele ( HET ) , and knockout mice expressing both nestin-CRE and two copies of the “ floxed ” rictor allele ( KO ) .
Total cortical protein extract was loaded in each lane .
Representative immunoblots are shown , as probed with antibodies to phosphorylated Akt at Ser473 ( A ) Thr308 ( B ) , total Akt ( C ) , and actin to serve as a loading control .
Samples n = 9 –16 .
*** p<0.001 one - way ANOVA .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000393.g001
Neuronal Rictor KO Mice Display Sensorimotor Gating Deficits Prepulse inhibition ( PPI ) behavior has long been identified as a promising phenotype for translational studies of schizophrenia owing to the direct parallels in expression between rodent and human subjects .
While PPI deficits are present in psychiatric disorders other than schizophrenia , they have a clear heritable component in schizophrenic families and these deficits can be attenuated by antipsychotic drug administration .
Furthermore , PPI deficits are also linked to the hypofunction of corticostriatal forebrain circuits that is characteristic of schizophrenia [ 22 ] .
The PPI behavioral assay measures the degree to which the startle response elicited by a loud “ pulse ” sound is attenuated when immediately preceded by a non-startling “ prepulse ” sound .
As such , it assays the degree to which a brief sensory trace can rapidly modify a subsequent motoric response , thereby representing a straightforward approach towards quantifying sensorimotor dysregulation , which is generally regarded as an endophenotype of schizophrenia .
Since evidence suggests a role for Akt in schizophrenia , and rictor KO mice demonstrate profound deficits in Akt phosphorylation , we tested whether rictor KO mice display impaired PPI relative to FLOX control mice .
No differences in startle responses elicited by a 94 dB sound pressure level ( SPL ) noise burst were observed , suggesting that hearing and gross motor function were similar between groups ( Figure 2A ; Student 's t test ; p = 0.44 ) .
By contrast , analysis of PPI behavior revealed clear differences between genotypes ; startle reflex amplitude was inhibited at all prepulse intensities in FLOX control mice , with the amount of PPI increasing monotonically from 40 to 75 dB SPL ( Figure 2B ) .
In rictor KO mice , prepulse sound levels between 40 and 55 dB did not appreciably attenuate the startle reflex .
PPI was not observed in rictor KO mice until prepulse levels > 55 dB , albeit at a weaker level in comparison to FLOX mice .
These differences gave rise to a significant reduction of PPI across prepulse sound levels ( Figure 2B ; * p<0.05 by ANOVA ) .
This PPI deficit can also be expressed as a significant decrease in average PPI across all sound levels in rictor KO mice ( Figure 2C ; Student 's t test , * p<0.05 ) .
Thus neuronal rictor deletion , with loss of Akt Ser473 phosphorylation , impairs the forebrain circuits critically involved with sensorimotor integration .
Given the strong evidence for PPI deficits in schizophrenic patients , we hypothesize that this mouse model has the potential to lend novel insight into the molecular mechanisms by which Akt deficits contribute to the schizophrenic phenotype .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 2 .
Neuronal rictor deletion results in sensorimotor gating deficits as assayed by PPI .
( A ) No difference in startle reflex elicited by a 94 decibel ( dB ) sound pressure level ( SPL ) noise was observed between rictor KO and littermate FLOX control mice .
( B ) The percentage of PPI was reduced significantly across the entire dB range in rictor KO mice .
( C ) The average PPI across the entire dB range reveals a significant deficit in PPI in rictor KO mice ; n = 6 –7 animals .
*p<0.05 Student 's t test .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000393.g002
Rictor KO Mice Display Hypodopaminergia in Rostral Cortex
For almost 50 years , schizophrenia research has centered on dopaminergic signaling as a crucial component of the etiology of the disease [ 23 ] , [ 24 ] , [ 25 ] .
In particular , the original “ DA hypothesis ” heavily supported the notion of excessive DA neurotransmission and DA content , defined here as hyperdopaminergia , within the brain [ 26 ] , [ 27 ] .
Subsequent revision of the hypothesis , however , has transformed thinking from a global hyperdopaminergia to a regional hyperdopaminergia within the striatum and dopaminergic hypofunction within the cortex [ 14 ] , [ 28 ] , [ 29 ] .
While this conceptualization is an oversimplification of a highly complex disorder , we utilized this hypothesis to hone in on molecular mechanisms that contribute to cortical hypodopaminergia .
Furthermore , previous studies have linked pre-frontal DA deficits with PPI deficits in animal models , and perhaps the PPI deficits observed in the rictor KO mice could be partially explained by alterations in cortical DA content [ 30 ] , [ 31 ] .
Thus , we investigated steady state levels of DA , serotonin ( 5 - HT ) , and NE in a region of mouse brain that is roughly analogous to the human prefrontal cortex and contains areas such as the intralimbic , prelimbic , and anterior cingulate cortex .
Interestingly , HPLC with electrochemical detection of DA , NE , and 5 - HT in the PFC of rictor KO mice revealed striking alterations in the DA and NE tissue content of these animals , while 5 - HT levels remained unchanged ( Figure 3 ) .
While both DA and NE levels are significantly different in rictor KO mice , they change in opposite directions ; NE tissue content is significantly increased ( Figure 3A ; ** p< 0.01 by one - way ANOVA followed by Dunnett 's test ) while DA levels are significantly decreased ( Figure 3B ; Student 's t test , * p<0.05 ) .
In addition , NES mice show similar PFC DA content levels ( 6.4±0.2 ng /mg protein ) as FLOX mice .
Thus , rictor KO mice display a key feature of the “ dopamine hypothesis ” of schizophrenia , namely hypodopaminergia in the rostral cortex , which may explain the sensorimotor gating deficits described earlier .
Importantly , 5 - HT levels are unaltered in the cortex ( Figure 3C ; Student 's t test , p = 0.26 ) indicating that rictor deletion does not simply result in global monoaminergic alterations but rather specific changes in the dopaminergic and noradrenergic systems .
In addition , extracellular levels of DA were determined in the PFC of rictor KO mice by microdialysis .
Under basal conditions , extracellular DA is not significantly different in rictor KO mice compared to FLOX controls ( data are reported as pg of DA / µL , mean±s.e.m. ; FLOX = 0.54±0.15 , KO = 0.76±0.18 , n = 4–5 ; p = 0.35 by Student 's t test ) .
While basal extracellular levels of DA are unaltered in rictor KO mice , these animals do display significant deficits in DA tissue content , suggesting that maintenance of DA homeostasis is perturbed .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 3 .
Monoamine content in the rostral cortex is significantly altered in rictor KO mice .
Tissue content of ( A ) NE , ( B ) DA , and ( C ) serotonin ( 5 - HT ) in rostral cortical homogenates .
Results are presented as mean±s .e.m ng/mg of protein , n = 4 – 10 .
* p<0.05 ; **p<0.01
Student 's t test .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000393.g003
While prefrontal hypodopaminergia has been linked to PPI deficits , other studies clearly demonstrate a link between striatal hyperdopaminergia and PPI deficits [ 32 ] , [ 33 ] .
Thus , we sought to determine if rictor deletion increases tissue levels of DA in the striatum or in projecting DA neurons from the SN and VTA .
DA levels in the SN / VTA are not altered in rictor KO mice ( data are reported as ng of DA / mg protein , mean±s.e.m. ; FLOX = 4.4±0.5 , KO = 4.8±0.4 , p = 0.60 by Student 's t test ) .
Importantly , similar to the cortex , DA tissue content in the striatum of rictor KO mice is significantly decreased ( data are reported as ng of DA / mg protein , mean±s.e.m. ; FLOX = 101.2±7.7 , KO = 80.1±3.4 , * p<0.05 by Student 's t test ) .
Thus , our data indicate that the PPI deficits observed in rictor KO mice are likely to arise from impairments in DA neurotransmission .
Rictor Deletion Increases NET Expression and Function
It is intriguing that DA content is decreased while NE content is increased in rictor KO mice .
Importantly , decreases in mTORC2 / Akt signaling induced by hypoinsulinemia have been shown to increase NET transcription [ 20 ] .
Moreover , early studies and unpublished data from our laboratory implicate deficits in Akt signaling with not only increases in NET transcription but also acute increases in NET cell surface expression ( i.e. intact Akt signaling decreases NET availability at the plasma membrane ) [ 20 ] , [ 34 ] , [ 35 ] , [ 36 ] .
Thus , we predict that altered DA homeostasis in rictor KO mice is due to changes in NET cell surface expression mediated by impaired Akt phosphorylation .
Importantly , unlike other brain regions where DAT is the primary mechanism for removing DA from the synapse , in cortex DAT contributes relatively little and NET performs the majority of DA clearance .
Indeed NET has a higher affinity for DA than NE itself , but DA can also be degraded in the synapse by COMT [ 16 ] , [ 17 ] .
Given the pivotal role of rictor in Akt regulation and the role of Akt signaling in determining NET availability , we hypothesize that rictor KO mice will display aberrant NET regulation that sustains the alterations in NE and DA levels seen in the rostral cortex .
As hypothesized , total cortical NET protein is increased approximately 2 - fold in rictor KO mice compared to all other genotypes ( Figure 4A ; *** p< 0.0001 by one - way ANOVA followed by Dunnett 's test ) .
Furthermore , biotinylation assays reveal that cell surface levels of NET are also significantly increased ( Figure 4B ; Student 's t test , ***p<0.0001 ) .
Tyrosine hydroxylase ( TH ) , a cytosolic protein , was detected exclusively in the total protein fraction but not in the surface fraction , indicating that the biotinylated fraction represents exclusively cell surface proteins .
Finally , the striking enhancement in surface NET detected in rictor KO mice results in a significant increase in NET function as assayed by cortical synaptosomal NE uptake ( Figure 4C ; Student 's t test , * p<0.05 ) .
The nearly 2 - fold increase in cortical synaptosomal NE uptake was also observed for DA ( Figure 4C ; Student 's t test , * p < 0.05 ) indicating that rictor deletion increases DA clearance by NET in noradrenergic neurons and as a consequence reduces cortical DA content .
Furthermore , DA content is not decreased due to increased degradation since COMT levels were not different in cortex compared to FLOX control mice ( data were normalized to control ( FLOX ) and reported as mean±s .e.m. ; FLOX = 100±8 % , NES = 78±11 % , HET = 130±24 % , KO = 80±11 % ; p = 0.10 by one - way ANOVA followed by Dunnett 's test ) .
Thus , the increase in NET expression and function within the cortex of rictor KO mice has the potential to mechanistically explain both the increased NE tissue content and decreased cortical DA tissue content described earlier ( Figure 3 ) .
Interestingly , we did not find a significant difference in serotonin transporter expression within the PFC of the rictor KO mice , as measured by citalopram binding ( unpublished data ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 4 . Neuronal rictor deletion results in increased NET expression and function .
( A ) NET protein levels in the cortex .
Mean±s .e.m optical densities are shown as a percentage of FLOX control mice .
Representative immunoblots are shown , as probed with antibodies to NET , and actin ( loading control ) ; n = 10 .
( B ) Levels of surface NET as measured from the biotinylated fraction of cortical slices .
Mean±s .e.m optical density is shown as a percentage of FLOX control mice .
Representative immunoblots are shown , as probed with antibodies to NET , Na+/K+ ATPase to serve as plasma membrane / loading control ( n = 3 – 5 ) , and TH which is absent in the biotinylated fractions since it is a cytosolic protein . ( C ) [ 3H ]NE and [ 3 H ]
DA uptake into cortical synaptosomes of FLOX and KO mice .
Mean±s.e.m uptake is shown as a percentage of uptake in FLOX control mice ; n = 12 – 18 .
* p<0.05 ; ***p<0.001 Student 's t test .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000393.g004
While our data indicate that global neuronal mTORC2 dysfunction enhances NET function and induces cortical hypodopaminergia , we sought to demonstrate more specifically that these alterations could arise from downregulation of cortical Akt activity .
Thus , we utilized the isoform specific Akt1 inhibitor [ 37 ] , [ 38 ] , [ 39 ] in cortical slices to show that Akt inhibition is capable of directly determining NET surface availability ( Figure S2 ) .
Surface levels of NET are significantly enhanced in biotinylated cortical slices treated with the Akt1 inhibitor ( Figure S2A ; * p< 0.05 by Student 's t test ) .
Importantly , the levels of Akt Ser473 phosphorylation are substantially diminished in samples of these inhibitor treated slices ( Figure S2B ; ***p<0.0001 ) .
Together , these data support the notion that Akt stimulated regulation of the transporter occurs not only at the level of transcription , as is seen in rictor KO mice , but also at the level of transporter trafficking .
Furthermore , the ability of Akt inhibition to enhance NET surface expression in cortical slices indicates that all the molecular machinery necessary for this rictor / Akt regulation of NET is intact within the PFC and thus is consistent with our hypothesis that altered cortical monoamine homeostasis via aberrant NET regulation underlies PPI deficits in rictor KO mice .
We hypothesize that amplified NET function in rictor KO mice enhances the accumulation of both NE and DA within the noradrenergic neuron leading to conversion of DA to NE and ultimately supporting both increased NE tissue content and a state of hypodopaminergia .
Such a mechanism within the prefrontal cortex provides an elegant molecular mechanism linking
Akt hypophosphorylation to both cortical hypodopaminergia and PPI deficits , two key hallmarks of schizophrenia .
Midbrain Dopaminergic Neurons and Cortical Monoaminergic Projections Are Unaltered in Rictor KO Mice Considering the widespread function of Akt and its role in cell growth and proliferation , we next sought to demonstrate that the changes in DA and NE levels within the cortex were specifically due to increased NET expression rather than global changes in the number or projections of dopaminergic and noradrenergic neurons .
While rictor KO mice do display a gross reduction in brain size , similar to what is seen for Akt3 deficient mice ( brain weight normalized to body weight ; FLOX 2.49±0.18 % compared to KO 1.63±0.10 % ; p<0.0005 by one - way ANOVA followed by Dunnett 's test ) , coronal brain sections stained for TH revealed no significant alterations in dopaminergic cell number within the VTA or SN ( Figure 5A and 5C–5D ; VTA p = 0.82 by one - way ANOVA , SN p = 0.53 by one - way ANOVA ) .
Furthermore , TH staining of dopaminergic and noradrenergic projections within the cortex do not reveal any gross alterations among the groups ( Figure 5B ) .
The immunostaining was confirmed with Western blot analysis of total cortical TH protein levels ( Figure 5 E ; p = 0.20 by one - way ANOVA ) .
Other markers of dopaminergic neurons in the cortex were not significantly altered in the rictor KO mice such as total levels of D2 DA receptors ( data were normalized to control ( FLOX ) and reported as mean±s .e.m. ; FLOX = 100±5 % , NES = 95±13 % , HET = 96±9 % , KO = 108±18 % ; p = 0.85 by one - way ANOVA followed by Dunnett 's test ) .
These data demonstrate that the DA and NE systems in the rictor KO mice are not globally altered .
Therefore , we propose that the changes in cortical NE and DA tissue content can be primarily accounted for by the specific enhancement of NET expression in noradrenergic neurons .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 5 .
TH staining and expression in the midbrain and cortex is similar in NES , FLOX , and KO mice .
TH immunoreactivity in the ( A ) midbrain substantia nigra ( SN ) and ventral tegmental area ( VTA ) and the ( B ) cortex .
Scale bars = 50 µm .
Coronal brain sections were stained with TH antibody and cell counts of TH + cells were taken .
Cell counts are similar in NES , FLOX , and KO matched mice in both the ( C ) VTA and the ( D ) SN .
Mean±s.e.m TH+ cells / mm2 are shown ; n = 6 . ( E ) TH protein levels in the cortex .
Mean±s .e.m optical densities are shown as a percentage of FLOX control mice ; n = 19 – 22 .
One - way ANOVA analysis reveals no significant difference between genotypes .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000393.g005
Offer Details :
Your outside - the - car service will automatically stop at the end of your 30 - day subscription unless you decide to purchase another subscription .
By registering for a free 30 - day outside - the - car subscription , SiriusXM may contact you by email regarding special offers from time to time .
You may always change your Privacy Preferences with us .
See our Customer Agreement and Privacy Policy for complete terms .
All fees , content and features are subject to change .
This offer is available only in the USA to those providing valid contact information .
New SiriusXM outside - the - car subscribers only .
Satellite and outside - the - car lineups vary slightly .
Programming will vary by subscription package .
Note : if you have a SiriusXM trial subscription in your vehicle , your trial already includes SiriusXM outside - the - car so a 30 - day streaming trial is not required .
Simply click on “ Listen Now ” to start listening .
For our latest mission , we created separate walking lanes for tourists and New Yorkers on a Fifth Avenue sidewalk .
Department of Transportation “ employees ” were on hand to enforce the new rules and ask pedestrians for their feedback on the initiative .
Enjoy the video first and then go behind - the - scenes with the photos and report below .
Agent Greenspan came up with the idea for this project earlier this year and did some experimenting with different types of chalk and line drawing machines .
When he told me about the project , I immediately fell in love with it and asked him if he would like to collaborate and turn it into an Improv Everywhere mission .
To my delight , he was down .
To make it work as an IE mission , I knew we ’d have to add a performance aspect to create more of a scene .
We came up with the idea of having agents pose as Department of Transportation employees directing pedestrian traffic to really bring the lanes alive .
Cast and crew getting organized in Madison Square Park
Landscape Chalk
Agent Greenspan designed the stencils and ordered all of the equipment online .
It was important to us to use chalk and not spray paint .
For IE missions , we always attempt to leave no trace behind once we disappear .
Although the chalk would still be up after the mission , it would wash away after a heavy rain .
Even though we were using water - soluble chalk , we were still nervous about getting in trouble with the police .
The NYPD has a history of arresting activists artists , and even six - year - old girls for using chalk on the streets ( in all cases charges were eventually dropped . )
Agent Greenspan hid his stencils in the bottom of two boxes .
He definitely attracted attention from passersby when he began spraying .
Fortunately , the boxes helped disguise his actions a bit , and the orange vest gave him the appearance of authority .
He laid the stencils down on both sides of the block .
Agent Fanelli guards the stencils as the chalk dries
Agent Greenspan sets up the line machine
Agent Black clears the way as the line is drawn
Complete !
Agent Black directs pedestrian traffic on the south end
Agent Fanelli on the north end
Clearly tourists
A group of women from Spain came by and loved the lanes .
This woman posed for a photo .
One of many who stopped to take a picture
Laughing at the lanes
One dog was from out of town
i Phone listening New Yorker
After a while we figured it would be better if Agents Black and Fanelli stood together rather than on opposite ends of the block .
It was hilarious watching them interact with pedestrians and riff off of each other .
The video was only able to capture a small fraction of the comedy that came out of their mouths .
Agent Lindquist positioned herself about twenty feet past the stencils near the corner of 23rd Street and stopped pedestrians to ask for their feedback .
She explained that she worked for the Department of Transportation , that this was a test block , and that the lanes would be painted on every block in the city by the end of the summer .
She received a wide variety of feedback .
Many people thought it was hilarious and were skeptical of it being legitimate .
Others bought into it , especially tourists .
The most common complaint was that part of the fun of visiting New York is experiencing the hustle and bustle of the sidewalk as you walk amongst New Yorkers .
Some were upset at the idea of the new lanes taking away from that experience .
Agent Lindquist ’s feedback form
Several New Yorkers gave the lanes high praise , perhaps frustrated with the slow walking tourists they encounter on their daily commute .
This guy loved it so much he insisted upon giving Agents Fanelli and Black high fives .
The mission lasted about an hour before we packed up and disappeared .
The lanes , of course , remained on the street so the prank continued .
We were very curious if the project would make it ’s way to the Internet before we could edit and post our video .
Three full days passed and all was quiet .
But then …
New Yorker Mark Armstrong took a single photo of the project and put it on his Tumblr blog .
The post was “ liked ” and “ reblogged ” nearly 500 times .
It quickly attracted the attention of larger blogs like The Awl and Gothamist
It then started popping up on blogs all over the place and spreading through twitter and facebook .
The next morning , both the New York Post and the New York Daily News had stories in their paper and online .
The Post even produced a video :
As more local TV and radio media started picking up the story that day , Mayor Bloomberg was asked about it at a press conference .
The mayor chose to spin the tourist lane positively , saying it was clear that it was a “ nice thing to do ” for tourists and that he thought it was “ very cute . ”
He went on to say that anyone who saw an anti-tourist message in the chalk had to be a “ sick person . ”
As the media tried to figure out who the anonymous artist was , The New York Times City Room blog wondered out loud , “ Maybe it ’s Banksy . ”
The project even got the remix treatment
Later that day , the real Department of Transportation buffed the chalk clean .
It stayed up for four days , but ultimately could not survive the media attention .
New York Magazine put the project in their weekly Approval Matrix graphic .
They classified it both “ brilliant ” and “ highbrow . ”
Though we should n’t toot our horn too much , as the same graphic shows our Ghostbusters mission in the “ despicable ” and “ lowbrow ” section !
I mean , I get that guys running around in silly costumes is pretty lowbrow , but despicable ?
Lighten up Approval Matrix !
The whole thing was a very unique experience for us .
Typically our missions do n’t get blog and press coverage until after we post them on our site .
It was fun to watch people speculate as to who was responsible and what his motives were .
In the end , The Tourist Lane is not a pro-tourist or anti-tourist project .
It just is .
Agents Black , Fanelli , and Tourist Lane creator Jeff Greenspan
Mission Accomplished .
OTHER RESOURCES :
– Agent Sokoler ’s Flickr Set
– Agent Beale ’s Flickr Set
– Similar Projects : Joey Skagg ’s Walk Right , Banksy ’s Fat Lane , Joshua Kinberg ’s Bikes Against Bush
TMZ has learned " Jackass " star Bam Margera has been hospitalized after being attacked by a bat - wielding woman .
Cops tell us ... it happened at 2 AM this morning , outside Bam 's bar in West Chester , PA .
There was some sort of fight , that ended when the woman allegedly hit Bam in the back of the head with a baseball bat .
The woman was arrested and charged with assault .
Bam was taken to the Chester County Hospital .
His condition is unknown .
( CNN ) --
A nuclear weapons assembly and disassembly plant in Texas was on lockdown Friday morning because of a " potential security situation , " according to a news release .
The Pantex Plant in Carson County , Texas , " has activated its Emergency Response Organization to respond to a potential security situation , " the release said .
The event , which was not described , occurred around 8 a.m. the release said .
" The plant is in a lockdown status and the situation is being evaluated in order to facilitate security actions .
Pantex employees are sheltered in place , " it said .
Damien Lavera , a spokesman for the National Nuclear Security Administration , said Pantex is responding to a concern reported by an employee .
Lavera said the plant management is in control of the situation , which he said should be resolved quickly .
Further details were not immediately available .
The Pantex plant is the nation 's only nuclear weapons assembly and disassembly facility , the release said .
The facility is managed and operated by B &W Pantex for the U.S. Department of Energy / National Nuclear Security Administration , according to the plant 's Web site .
It is about 17 miles northeast of Amarillo , Texas .
A Greek junior minister resigned late yesterday after it emerged that her crooner husband owed € 5.5 m ( £ 4.7 m ) in unpaid taxes and fines .
Angela Gerekou , deputy minister for culture and tourism , gave up her cabinet seat in a move aimed at showing that the government is serious about holding all tax - dodgers to account .
Mrs Gerekou married the singer in 1996 .
Tolis Voskopoulos , the Hellenic answer to Tom Jones and the man who starred in the smash musical , Dream Lovers , has paid no income tax for almost two decades , according to documents from financial authorities in Athens that were obtained by the Eleftherotypia newspaper .
Greece is in the midst of a debt - crisis that has rippled across the eurozone and beyond .
Athens has already received € 5.5 bn in aid from the IMF and is due to get more from the European Union today .
Under intense pressure to get its finances in order , George Papandreou 's government has introduced harsh austerity measures , incurring the wrath of unions , and has started naming and shaming tax dodgers .
According to Transparency International , the unrecorded or " black " economy in Greece could be worth a staggering 40 per cent of the country 's GDP .
This would mean that the projected tax revenues for fiscal 2010 of € 54bn should be € 21bn higher .
Opinion polls show most Greeks believe the bailout was necessary but are angry at the thought of ordinary people bearing the brunt of savage cuts .
Seeking to assuage those fears , the Greek premier said yesterday : " I believe we can implement our programme .
But we must ensure the weakest in our society do n't fall into the abyss .
We can't push people below the poverty line . "
According to public documents dated 2009 , Mr Voskopoulos last paid income tax in 1993 , and today owes € 3.2 m in taxes and € 2.3 m in fines .
In September , according to the Eleftherotypia report , the singer sought to have his debts wiped out because he had no means to pay .
But his appeal was refused .
Mr Voskopoulos yesterday said that he never had the sum in question , hinting that the case was aimed at harming his wife 's career .
" My so - called tax immunity has me as the visible target but essentially affects ( harms ) someone else , " he said .
A government spokesman said the resignation proved necessary so as " not to hurt " the government , despite Ms Gerekou having " no involvement " in her husband 's tax indiscretions .
Sunday ’s Bay Area Report features an article about an East Bay community ’s bewilderment as a convicted sex offender is allowed to move into a home across the street from an elementary school .
In an interview , James F. Donnelly is a 71 - year - old gay man who recently finished serving 32 months in federal prison for possession of child pornography .
As soon as he arrived at his sister ’s doorstep at 256 Wildwood Avenue in Piedmont in February , he was in apparent violation of a 2006 law that , among other things , prohibited convicted sex offenders from living within 2000 feet of public spaces where children congregate , such as schools .
But when police explored how to relocate Mr. Donnelly , they were told — both by the Alameda County District Attorney and by a California deputy attorney general — that the 2006 law is unenforceable .
The reason : the initiative that became Jessica ’s Law — passed overwhelmingly by California voters as Proposition 83 on the 2006 ballot — sets no penalty for violators .
( A state - run database does give information on where convicted sex offenders live . )
Here are the views some of those involved :
The Offender
James F. Donnelly , the person at the center of the dispute , objected both to the federal law under which he was convicted and sentenced and the notion that living temporarily in his sister ’s home , near the Wildwood Elementary School , was illegal or even inappropriate .
According to a 2005 affidavit , federal agents wrote that they believed Mr. Donnelly visited Thailand twice a year , for a month at a time , to have sex with boys aged 10 to 14 .
When the agents raided Mr. Donnelly ’s home , they found a scrapbook that had hundreds of pictures of boys in various stages of undress , “ with names , dates and locations in Thailand , along with hundreds of images of child pornography , ” the affidavit said .
Mr. Donnelly said these allegations were largely false .
All that he was guilty of , he said , was that “ I had some pornography , including underage . ”
He said :
It ’s a puzzlement and great discomfort to any of that stuff going on because it ’s all wrong .
I ’ve heard the same things , I ’ve seen the paper , I ’ve seen a copy of the letter sent to my sister .
I served my time for committing a crime , a violation , which should never have been a crime .
He said he went to Thailand with a group of gay men for cultural tourism , and visited bars as any normal tourist would .
When asked if he had liaisons with underage children , he said :
What do you mean , “ child ? ”
To me a conception of a child is prepubescent , anybody I ’ve ever spent time with as far as I know was over legal age .
I do n’t date , I do n’t go out and have sex .
My trips to Thailand are very , very nice .
It ’s a welcome situation to see younger people who are interested in hanging out with me or whatever .
It ’s a refreshing thing to be recognized .
If you know anything about gay life , if you ’re not between 25 and say 35 and gym - toned , well , you ’re kind of invisible .
He added :
I feel that I was terribly wronged .
I never touched anybody that was a child , certainly never with anybody against their will and nor will I ever do it , that ’s it .
The Parents
The young and affluent parents in this //money.cnn.com/magazines/moneymag/bplive/2007/snapshots/PL0656938.html“>tranquil community in the East Bay hills
were outraged .
The police , whom residents consider reliable and competent , were unable to safeguard their children — the focus of this community .
“ People move to Piedmont because of the schools , ” Lia Young said on Friday morning after dropping off her son and daughter at Wildwood Elementary School .
“ This community is inundated with children .
That ’s the whole point of Piedmont . ”
After the police department and the principal of the school , Carol Cramer , sent out notices to parents , some residents began to publicize the issue online .
On a blog post written by Thomas Hawk , a Piedmont photographer , the handful of responses ranged from fury to disgust to tentative caution about rushing to judgment .
But the dominant tone among parents was angry bewilderment .
“ Much to my disbelief , ” wrote Johanna Kohr , a parent , in an e-mail message to The Times , “ Jessica ’s Law protects the sexual offender , leaving the community with little options . ”
Other parents quickly seized upon an explanation rooted in the state ’s hyper - democratic lawmaking .
“ This is a commentary about California ’s initiative process , ” said John McWeeny , who lives next door to Mr. Donnelly and has two children who attend Wildwood .
“ This is one of the problems when the people of California write the laws , ” he said .
“ They made a mistake . ”
The District Attorney
Nancy O’Malley , Alameda County ’s district attorney , was one of those advising the Piedmont police to avoid pressuring Mr. Donnelly to move .
She said :
Under California law , in order for it to be a violation there has to be a punishment attached .
And Jessica ’s Law never assigned a punishment .
So there ’s no law to prosecute .
She added :
One of the things that often happens with the initiative process is that the people who are writing it are often times they ’re keeping it quiet because they ’re trying to put it together and they do n’t want it to be sabotaged before it gets to the attorney general ’s desk .
The breadth of eyes that look at it or the ability to vet out the language does n’t really occur with the initiative , unlike if we passed the law legislatively .
She added :
I ’m sure there was a time when the initiative process was a great idea but now we have bills on the books that really ca n’t be substantively changed .
The Law Professor
Franklin Zimring , a professor of criminal law at the University of California , Berkeley , School of Law , believes California politicians tend to take advantage of the initiative process to gain publicity .
“ Ironically , the very feature of Jessica ’s Law that makes it unenforceable may be a political opportunity to do it again , ” Professor Zimring said .
He was asked if his view is exceptionally cynical .
The professor shot back , “ Anyone who does n’t find the California initiative process cynical is civilly commitable . ”
Mosab Hassan
Yousef says he will be killed if he is deported from the United States to the West Bank .
The oldest son of one of Hamas ' founders , he was an Israeli spy for a decade , and he abandoned Islam for Christianity , further marking him a traitor .
He is scheduled to plead his case Wednesday to an immigration judge in San Diego , four months after publishing memoirs that say he was one of the Shin Bet security agency 's best assets and was dubbed The Green Prince , a reference to his Hamas pedigree and the Islamists ' signature green color .
Yousef 's case seems straightforward : Helping Israel find and kill members of the militant group would make him a marked man back home .
Nearly two dozen members of Congress wrote Homeland Secretary Janet Napolitano this week that Yousef would be in " grave danger " in the Middle East .
Former CIA Director James Woolsey says his deportation would discourage other potential spies .
" It is not an exaggeration to say that such an action would set us back years in the war on terrorism , " Woolsey wrote in a letter released by Yousef 's attorney .
" Mosab 's deportation would be such an inhumane act it would constitute a blight on American history . "
But the Department of Homeland Security is n't convinced and wants him gone , calling him " a danger to the security of the United States " who has " engaged in terrorist activity . "
Yousef , 32 , settled in Southern California after stepping off a plane in Los Angeles with a tourist visa in January 2007 .
He remains free while his application for asylum is considered .
" Exposing terrorist secrets and warning the world in my first book cost me everything .
I am a traitor to my people , disowned by my family , a man without a country .
And now the country I came to for sanctuary is turning its back , " he wrote on his blog last month .
Asylum applicants can close their hearings to the public , but Yousef welcomes the publicity .
He urges supporters to contact the Homeland Security attorney assigned to his case and invites anyone in the San Diego area to attend the hearing .
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , the agency within Homeland Security that is arguing the government 's case , declined to comment , saying in a statement that it " respects the privacy of all individuals involved in the immigration litigation process . "
Homeland Security called Yousef a terrorist danger when it denied asylum in February 2009 and , in court documents provided to The Associated Press by Yousef 's attorney , says he " discusses his extensive involvement with Hamas in great detail " in his recent memoir .
It cites a passage in which Yousef identifies five suspects in a 2001 suicide bombing to a Shin Bet official and admits that he drove them to safe houses .
It was not more specific in its pre-hearing briefing about the threat he may pose to the U.S .
Yousef says his intelligence work for Israel required him to do anything he could to learn about Hamas and that neither he nor Israel knew they were suspects in the suicide bombing when he gave them rides .
" Yes , while working for Israeli intelligence , I posed as a terrorist , " he wrote .
" Yes , I carried a gun .
Yes , I was in terrorist meetings with Yassir Arafat , my father and other Hamas leaders .
It was part of my job . "
Israel has not commented on Yousef 's claims , though members of the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee wrote him this month to thank him and recognize his work for Shin Bet .
His attorney , Steven Seick , said Shin Bet will not have a representative address the immigration judge but that the now - retired officer who recruited and supervised him , Gonen Ben-Itzhak , is expected to testify .
Ben -Itzhak wrote that hundreds of Israelis and Palestinians owe their lives to Yousef for preventing violence .
The officer is identified only by a pseudonym , Loai , in court documents .
The government does not plan to call witnesses , Seick said .
Yousef 's attorney wanted an FBI agent to support Yousef 's claim that he gave information about Hamas and terrorism .
The FBI refused but said it would not object if Yousef testifies he met twice with agency personnel .
The U.S. government considers Hamas a terrorist organization .
Hamas says it provides schools and other social benefits to residents in the areas it controls .
In his book , Yousef describes growing up admiring Hamas and hating Israel , leading him to buy a couple machine guns and a handgun in 1996 .
He said the guns did n't work and that he was arrested by Israeli forces before he killed anyone .
Yousef says he started working with Shin Bet after witnessing Hamas brutalities in prison that left him disillusioned .
He gravitated toward Christianity after his release in 1997 , joining a Christian study group after a chance encounter with a British tourist at the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem .
Yousef says he joined his father , Sheik Hassan Yousef , at many meetings with Palestinian leaders and reported them to Shin Bet .
His father , a senior Hamas leader who is serving a six - year sentence in an Israeli prison , disowned him in March .
___
Online : www.sonofhamas.com
( This version CORRECTS Yousef 's age to 32 , sted 34 . )
The Supreme Court set a potential blueprint Monday for upholding the recently enacted healthcare law and its mandate that all Americans have insurance , saying Congress has a “ broad authority ” to pass laws that are “ rationally related ” to its constitutional aims .
The Constitution not only gives Congress the power to regulate interstate commerce , the justices said , but the authority to enact all laws that are “ necessary and proper ” to carrying out this authority .
The “ choice of means ” for carrying out its aims is left “ primarily … to the judgment of Congress , ” said Justice Stephen G. Breyer in U.S. vs. Comstock .
The ruling arose from a constitutional challenge not to the healthcare mandate , but to the federal authority to hold sex criminals after they have completed their prison terms .
Fifteen years ago , the court upheld similar state laws , so this case involved only the reach of federal power .
Advertisement
Last year , a federal appeals court in Virginia struck down the law that authorized federal prisons to hold sex criminals who are deemed dangerous .
Its judge said Congress “ had exceeded its authority ” in passing this part of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 .
The case was the first clear test of federal authority to come before the high court in five years , and was argued just as Congress neared final passage of the broad healthcare law .
In January , Solicitor General Elena Kagan , now President Obama ’s nominee to the court , appeared before it to defend a broad reading of congressional power in the Comstock case .
At the same time , conservative “ tea party ” activists , among others , were insisting that the Constitution tightly limits the power of Congress .
They contend that the health insurance mandate should be struck down because it exceeds the power given to Congress .
For its part , the Obama administration said it planned to defend the mandate as a necessary means of regulating the cost of health insurance nationwide .
Advertisement
In the sex offender case , the court upheld by a 7 - 2 vote Congress ’ power to authorize holding sex criminals beyond their sentences .
Breyer ’s opinion , which spoke for five of the justices , said Congress can do what it deems necessary to carry out its constitutional authority .
Although the Constitution does not say that Congress can establish crimes or prisons , Breyer said , Congress can regulate interstate commerce — and most federal crimes , such as drug trafficking , have a clear interstate link .
So if Congress can send criminals to prison , it can also require that they be held indefinitely if they are deemed dangerous , he said .
Quoting 19th century Chief Justice John Marshall , Breyer said Congress may use “ all means which are appropriate ” to carry out its constitutional powers .
Breyer also rejected the notion that such prison terms invade the sovereign terrain of the states , a complaint voiced in this case and in the debate over healthcare .
It is true the 10th Amendment limits “ powers not delegated to the United States , ” Breyer said .
If Congress has a delegated power , such as over interstate commerce , it may regulate it in a way that infringes on the state ’s authority , he said .
Advertisement
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices John Paul Stevens , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor joined Breyer ’s opinion .
Justices Anthony M. Kennedy and Samuel A. Alito Jr. agreed with the outcome , but took issue with parts of Breyer ’s broad statement of congressional powers .
Roger Pilon , vice president of the libertarian Cato Institute and a critic of the healthcare law , called Breyer ’s opinion “ a breathtaking expansion of federal power .
It could pave the way for the court to find that Congress has the power , with Obamacare , to order individuals to buy healthcare from private vendors . ”
Only Justices Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia set out the small - government theory of congressional power voiced by those challenging the constitutionality of the health insurance mandate .
Thomas said Congress had only the “ powers enumerated in the Constitution , ” and holding prisoners beyond their terms goes beyond a specific enumerated power .
Advertisement
Five years ago , in its last major opinion on congressional power , the court upheld the authority of federal agents to raid the homes of Californians who grew marijuana for personal use .
Even though some of the justices questioned this federal power , they said that because Congress can regulate the national market in marijuana , it can punish those who grew marijuana for their own use .
david.savage@latimes.com
Werner Herzog has teamed up with David Lynch to make a film about a disturbed actor who kills his own mother with a sword .
Jeremy
Kay sits in on the final day of filming
Werner Herzog 's output has swung perilously close to mainstream of late .
His 2006 Vietnam war action film Rescue Dawn was mostly well - received , while his Bad Lieutenant was released last month to widespread admiration .
Has the famously idiosyncratic German director gone straight ?
Not a chance .
His latest movie , which screens at the Edinburgh international film festival this week , sees him back on the fringes of artistic expression .
My Son , My Son , What Have Ye Done has baffled many US critics , but bewitched others , who have declared it a nightmarish gem .
Based loosely on the true story of Mark Yavorsky , a San Diego actor who in 1979 killed his mother using a sword from a production of The Oresteia ( itself a story of matricide ) , the movie lunges back and forth in time .
Herzog gives us the narrative in splinters , switching from police procedural to flashback , marrying passages of stygian gloom with moments of absurd comedy ; there are echoes of early works such as Aguirre : the Wrath of God and Even Dwarfs Started Small .
The film was the subject of intense speculation even before shooting began .
For one thing , it would mark the first collaboration between Herzog ( director ) and David Lynch ( executive producer ) .
Then there was the cast : Willem Dafoe , Chloë Sevigny and Michael Shannon , the latter a rising star who outshone Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio in 2008 's Revolutionary Road .
And let 's not forget the charged subject matter .
When a friend extended an invitation to visit the final day of the US shoot , it was hard to resist .
My first thought , as I arrived at the Westin Bonaventure hotel in downtown LA last April , was that this was simply too ordinary a building to house a movie that promised such mysteries .
The crew had been toiling since early morning to set up the first shot .
Herzog arrived at midday , in combat trousers and a black fleece top , looking invigorated and happy , as if he'd just completed a rigorous trek through the Amazon .
In fact , he had .
Herzog had just emerged from the Amazon basin in Peru , where he had been shooting at a site not far from where he filmed Aguirre almost three decades earlier .
Shooting needed to take place at the time of year when the Urubamba river is at its highest , most treacherous level : in this crucial scene , Shannon 's character Brad McCullum ( based on Yavorsky ) looks on as his friends die in an accident on the water .
As Herzog conferred quietly with the crew at the hotel 's breakfast bar , among the business travellers and attendees at an ice - skating symposium , Eric Bassett , Lynch 's business partner of the last 10 years , filled me in .
" A little voice inside McCullum 's head tells him not to take part in the river trip .
He listens to it and this keeps him alive .
Later , it tells him to kill his mother . "
Suddenly someone yelled : " Action ! " Shannon , wild - haired , wearing a moustache and a smart blue blazer , got up from a piano next to the breakfast bar .
Grace Zabriskie , a Lynch regular who played Sarah Palmer in Twin Peaks and portrays McCullum 's ill - fated mother here , walked up to him .
The pair shuffled off towards a bank of elevators and rode up to the second floor .
Udo Kier , playing McCullum 's drama teacher , followed close behind in a plum velvet suit , his laser - beam eyes trained on the carpet .
" Cut ! "
The trio returned to the piano and Herzog consulted with Shannon .
Kier swigged from a bottle of water and chatted with the crew .
Zabriskie studied her shoes .
Herzog called them back , and they went again , and then again , although this time the director conferred with Zabriskie while Shannon sat by the piano , his head lowered .
Again they were off , and again he called them back for another take .
" What 's the scene about ? " I asked a nearby grip .
" They ride an elevator , " he revealed , adding : " I will say this about Werner .
Once Werner 's filming , he 's focused . "
It was clearly going to be a long day .
What were we on now , take eight ?
" Thirteen , " a production assistant mouthed to me .
Men and women in headsets held clipboards and shifted from foot to foot .
Herzog , looking good in his 60s , seemed impervious to physical discomfort as he consulted with his cast , peering through the camera lens and thrusting his arm after filming to signal that they would have to do it all over again .
" Cut ! " Arm thrust .
" Cut ! "
Arm thrust .
" Cut ! " Round and round they went , until gradually the alchemy seemed to work : Shannon , Zabriskie and Kier dissolved into McCullum , his mother and his drama teacher , gliding around before us in solemn unity .
Finally , Herzog was pleased .
He had got his shot .
To my untrained eye , it was a carbon copy of the previous one , and the one before that .
But the director was happy .
Some of the crew took a brief lunch break .
Others set up the next shot on the second floor , in which the characters emerge from the elevator and walk past the hotel gym , where a man wearing an oxygen mask could be seen running on a treadmill .
He would need the mask : Herzog kept him busy .
The film tells the story of McCullum in non-linear fashion .
We learn within minutes of the matricide .
Dafoe 's detective gets involved , and the police lay siege to McCullum 's home , which constitutes the bulk of the action .
Sevigny plays McCullum 's fiancee .
The scene I watched was set in Toronto : McCullum , fired from a production of The Oresteia for being too disruptive , returns to his hotel after watching a performance .
Beware of the running director
Herzog likes to shoot guerrilla - style .
The hotel granted him permission to shoot , but it was up to the crew to work around the guests .
At one point during the second shot , running in a crouch behind his cinematographer as if about to board a helicopter , Herzog dodged furniture and gave one startled onlooker a vigorous thumbs - up in thanks for not interfering with the actors gliding towards him .
At reception , I bumped into Herb Golder , a classics professor at Boston University who brought the story of Yavorsky to his friend Herzog ; together they wrote the screenplay .
" This young man walks out of a rehearsal of Aeschylus 's Oresteia and kills his mother , " Golder said .
" The story was intriguing , so I hired a detective who found the guy , and we developed a relationship . "
Yavorsky was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter .
A judge subsequently ruled him innocent on grounds of insanity , and he was sent to a secure hospital .
He was later released , and died in 2003 .
In the movie , Golder explained , McCullum is disillusioned by life and finds solace in drama , which be believes to contain real truth .
" It 's really about a precocious man who lives in two worlds and finds himself depressed by the artificiality of everyday reality .
He starts looking for a world elsewhere , and the tragedy is that this results in the death of his own mother . "
At 5.07 pm , the crew called it a wrap .
Everybody was whooping and clapping each other on the back .
I grabbed a few moments with Shannon , who spoke in a booming , breathless voice and strode about like a sprinter winding down after a race .
" Werner is a legendary director and he knows that .
He 's very certain about what he wants , " he said .
He walked off , and I spied Herzog on his way outside to catch a taxi .
" Shannon is going to be very big after this , " he told me in his slightly strained Germanic monotone .
" I told him I wanted him for the lead , so as a warm - up I invited him for a small part in Bad Lieutenant . "
Herzog said he was about to fly to Kashgar in China for the final segment of filming on My Son , but asked me not to mention this until after he had secured the permits .
He was planning to strap a camera to Shannon 's head as he walked through a busy market .
" I was there a long time ago and always wanted to go back and film there . "
Looking over his shoulder for the taxi , he added : " With this movie I wanted to make a point – that you can make a high - calibre theatrical feature for under $ 2 m [ £ 1.4 m ] .
What you see on the screen will look like it 's $ 40 m .
That 's the way to handle things when there 's a crisis in movie financing . "
And what of Lynch ?
" We like and respect each other .
We know each other from a distance .
I said I have a project , and he said we should do it together , and I said we would not do it together , but his name would be on it as executive producer . "
A taxi pulled up .
What was My Son about , I asked .
" It 's a murder story , " he said , smiling faintly as he stepped inside .
" A bizarre murder story . "
My Son , My Son , What Have Ye Done is at the Filmhouse , Edinburgh ( 0131 - 623 8030 ) , tonight and Friday .
Theodore named a finalist for Masterton
Jose Theodore has been named a finalist for the Bill Masterton Trophy , which is awarded annually " to the player who best exemplifies the qualities of perseverance , sportsmanship and dedication to hockey . "
The other finalists are Tampa Bay 's Kurtis Foster and San Jose 's Jed Ortmeyer , the NHL announced this morning .
The winner will be announced June 23 in Las Vegas and the NHL Awards Show .
Mayor Gets City Council To Pass Law Demanding Critical Website Get Shut Down
from the not - going - down - that - freedom - of - speech - road dept
" This website has to be removed , " the mayor said .
" I 'm not going to go down the freedom of speech road .
But some of the stuff that 's on there is fraudulent .
You want to put information out ?
Fine .
Say you do n't like me ?
Fine .
But attacks on my wife , my daughter ?
I wo n't stand for that . "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
What is it with politicians and their problems with free speech ?
Apparently , the mayor of Bordentown , New Jersey , one James E. Lynch Jr. , is pretty damn upset about the website BordentownMayorReallySucks.com .
I guess you can understand why .
Now , of course , when you have critics like that , there are all sorts of things you can do in response .
You can respond to the criticism .
You can ignore the criticism .
You can take legal action against specific statements if you believe they are defamatory .
What you do n't get to do is pass a law that requires the company that hosts the site to shut it down .
But , it appears , that 's exactly what Bordentown Mayor James Lynch is doing Apparently , Lynch convinced the town council to agree to a " resolution " demanding the ISP that hosts the site take it down , saying that it " violates New Jersey 's consumer affairs law and possibly other state and federal laws . "
I love the vagueness of " possibly " violating other laws .
Now , as the article notes , the site was , at one time ( briefly ) just called BordentownMayor.com , but quickly renamed itself .
So it 's unlikely that there 's any confusion going on these days .
Sucks sites have been found to be legal time and time and time again .
If there 's specific defamatory content , as the mayor claims , I could see a reasonable case for dealing with that ( though , in all honesty , doing so would just call more attention to the content ) .
But demanding that the entire site be shut down ?
That 's going way beyond what the law allows , and no town resolution gets to ignore things like the First Amendment .
But , the best part may be the quote from Mayor Lynch : Except , yougoing down that freedom of speech road by trying to take down the whole site , in pretty clear violation of the First Amendment .
If there is specific content that is defamatory , then sue over that content .
Do not use your position is mayor to pass a special resolution demanding a website be shut down completely .
Filed Under : bordentown , criticism , free speech , james lynch , mayor , new jersey
PushNegF.hs [ 3 K ]
Pushing the negation down : the `final ' implementation
PushNegFExt.hs [ 4 K ]
Pushing the negation down for extended tagless - final terms
FlatI.hs [ 2 K ]
FlatF.hs [ 4 K ]
Flattening of additions , the initial and the final implementations
PushNegFI.hs [ 4 K ]
The final - initial isomorphism , and its use for implementing arbitrary pattern - matching operations on tagless - final terms .
` Initial ' and ` Final ' as isomorphic initial algebras
< http://www.comlab.ox.ac.uk/ralf.hinze/SSGIP10/Slides.pdf>
Ralf Hinze , in Part 7 of his Spring School course , has derived this `initial - final ' isomorphism rigorously , generally and elegantly from the point of view of Category Theory .
In the first - order case , both `initial ' and `final ' are the left and the right views to the same Initial Algebra .
The `final ' view is , in the first - order case , the ordinary Boehm - Berarducci encoding .
Modular , composable , typed optimizations
Tagless - final optimizations , algebraically and semantically
General , systematic approach that supports arbitrary transformations on tagless - final terms .
The bright green wings of the P. blumei butterfly result from the mixing of the different colors of light that are reflected from different regions of the scales found on the wings of these butterflies .
Credit : Mathias Kolle , University of Cambridge
Scientists have discovered a way of mimicking the stunningly bright and beautiful colours found on the wings of tropical butterflies .
The findings could have important applications in the security printing industry , helping to make bank notes and credit cards harder to forge .
The striking iridescent colours displayed on beetles , butterflies and other insects have long fascinated both physicists and biologists , but mimicking nature 's most colourful , eye - catching surfaces has proved elusive .
This is partly because rather than relying on pigments , these colours are produced by light bouncing off microscopic structures on the insects ' wings .
Mathias Kolle , working with Professor Ullrich Steiner and Professor Jeremy Baumberg of the University of Cambridge , studied the Indonesian Peacock or Swallowtail butterfly ( Papilio blumei ) , whose wing scales are composed of intricate , microscopic structures that resemble the inside of an egg carton .
Because of their shape and the fact that they are made up of alternate layers of cuticle and air , these structures produce intense colours .
This scanning electron micrograph shows that the surface of a wing scale is covered with concavities .
Credit : Mathias Kolle , University of Cambridge
Using a combination of nanofabrication procedures - including self - assembly and atomic layer deposition - Kolle and his colleagues made structurally identical copies of the butterfly scales , and these copies produced the same vivid colours as the butterflies ' wings .
According to Kolle : " We have unlocked one of nature 's secrets and combined this knowledge with state - of - the - art nanofabrication to mimic the intricate optical designs found in nature . "
" Although nature is better at self - assembly than we are , we have the advantage that we can use a wider variety of artificial , custom - made materials to optimise our optical structures . "
As well as helping scientists gain a deeper understanding of the physics behind these butterflies ' colours , being able to mimic them has promising applications in security printing .
" These artificial structures could be used to encrypt information in optical signatures on banknotes or other valuable items to protect them against forgery .
We still need to refine our system but in future we could see structures based on butterflies wings shining from a £ 10 note or even our passports , " he says .
Intriguingly , the butterfly may also be using its colours to encrypt itself - appearing one colour to potential mates but another colour to predators .
This SEM image of concavities is covered by a conformal multilayer stack of 11 alternating layers of titania and alumina .
Credit : Mathias Kolle , University of Cambridge
Kolle explains :
" The shiny green patches on this tropical butterfly 's wing scales are a stunning example of nature 's ingenuity in optical design .
Seen with the right optical equipment these patches appear bright blue , but with the naked eye they appear green .
" This could explain why the butterfly has evolved this way of producing colour .
If its eyes see fellow butterflies as bright blue , while predators only see green patches in a green tropical environment , then it can hide from predators at the same time as remaining visible to members of its own species . "
The results are published today in Nature Nanotechnology .
Explore further Painting by numbers
More information : Mathias Kolle et al , ' Mimicking the colourful wing scale structure of the Papilio blumei butterfly ' is published in Nature Nanotechnology on 30 May 2010 .
Parker said Smith said they had developed a good rapport with Dutson even though all three had been together only a day or two .
Before the afternoon incident , they 'd been laughing and joking around , Parker said .
Dutson had n't given any hint that he felt ill .
Lt. Mary Lindstrand , a spokeswoman for the Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office , said Dutson is a 25 - year veteran of the department and supervises work crews .
He was listed in critical condition Monday at Legacy Emanuel Hospital .
Lindstrand said she does n't know whether Dutson has a history of heart problems .
Dutson 's brother - in - law , John Harlan , praised the swift actions of the inmates at a news conference at the hospital Monday morning : " They saved his life , " Harlan said .
Jail records show that Parker , 46 , was charged with contempt of court , a misdemeanor , and is scheduled to be released May 9 .
Smith , 45 , was charged with fourth - degree domestic assault , a misdemeanor .
He is scheduled to be released June 22 .
Lindstrand said Parker and Smith were part of a Metro work crew and were carting garbage to the dump in an extended cab pickup truck hauling a utility trailer .
Dutson noticed a stranded motorist on Northeast 33rd Avenue and Marine Drive and stopped to help .
As Dutson tried to assist the motorist , he seemed to stumble , Lindstrand said .
When it became apparent he was in trouble , one of the inmates tried to call for help on the Dutson 's cell phone but was unable to get through because the phone was locked .
That 's when the motorist called 9 - 1 - 1 .
A doctor who was passing by also stopped to help , Lindstrand said .
After paramedics arrived , a second work crew arrived to take Smith and Parker back to the jail .
Lindstrand said sheriff 's officials would find a way to acknowledge both inmates ' good deeds
" I 'm thrilled they took the time to get involved , " Lindstrand said .
" Inmates are not bad people .
They got caught doing something against societal rules and they 're paying the consequences . "
A Navy corpsman from Camp Pendleton has been killed in Afghanistan , the Pentagon announced Saturday .
Seaman William Ortega , 23 , of Miami was killed Friday by a roadside bomb in Helmand province , on the Pakistani border .
He was assigned as a hospital corpsman to the 3rd Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , 1st Marine Expeditionary Force at Camp Pendleton .
-- Tony Perry in San Diego
Nine people are facing drug charges after police raided a Queen St. compassion club that sells medical marijuana to patients suffering from chronic diseases , including HIV , the virus that causes AIDS .
At about 3 p.m. Wednesday , plainclothes officers from 51 Division raided the headquarters of CALM , or Cannabis As Living Medicine , located at 106 Queen St. E .
The nine people arrested include club owner Neev Tapiero and patients who are federally licensed to possess marijuana , said CALM ’s lawyer Ron Marzel .
Marzel said police were well aware that CALM only distributes marijuana for medical purposes , saying he is “ appalled ” by the police action .
He has yet to speak with the lead detective and said he has no idea what prompted Wednesday ’s raid .
“ Organizations like this have existed for a long time .
It ’s not a surprise to the police force that these organizations exist , ” Marzel said , adding that CALM is actively lobbying for clearance from Health Canada to sell medical marijuana .
“ In my assessment , this is a totally inappropriate response to an organization that is seeking legitimization to help sick people . ”
Tapiero said this is the first time police have raided CALM since the club was established 14 years ago , in 1996 .
The compassion club has about 3,000 registered members and about ten percent have federally - issued cards permitting them to possess medical marijuana .
The rest have written approval from a doctor , chiropractor or naturopath , Tapiero said .
Police involved in the raid could not be reached for comment on Friday but a 51 Division staff sergeant confirmed that a warrant had been executed at CALM by plainclothes officers .
According to a police document obtained by the Star , police seized 16,589 grams of marijuana , 1,940 grams of hashish , and 207 grams of hash oil , the sum of which has an estimated street value of $ 218,404 .
A quantity of cash was also seized , according to the document .
Marzel said one person manning the door at CALM was knocked down and injured by police during the raid .
Two of the nine arrested were also detained overnight , including Tapiero , but released Friday on bail .
CALM has been closed since the raid but a justice of the peace has permitted club managers to re-enter the premises .
Tapiero said CALM is just one of several compassion clubs in Toronto and he does n’t know why his establishment was suddenly targeted .
He acknowledged compassionate clubs operate within a kind of legal grey zone but police have generally turned a blind eye towards establishments such as CALM .
For CALM member Kim , who declined to give her last name , she fears what would happen if CALM were to shut down .
The 48 - year - old single mom is on disability and suffers from several maladies , including fibromyalgia , and the pain gets so overwhelming she can’t think or sleep .
But Kim dislikes prescription painkillers like OxyContin , which leave her feeling groggy .
She prefers medical marijuana , which soothes her pain without robbing her of her functionality .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
CALM is planning to hold a protest rally in response to the raid at Allan Gardens at 1 p.m. on April 11 .
A Special Edition DVD of Indie Game : The Movie , an Indie Game : The Movie T - Shirt and Special Thanks in credits / website .
PLUS the opportunity to submit a video / game trailer ( under 2 min ) that will be edited & included in the credits , and will be featured in its entirety on the website .
Less
Gurley Lions Club serving the Gurley community since 1948
From Our Past XXV
The Legend of the Lost Gold of Keel Mountain
Listen to the song Lost Keel Mountain Gold song written by William Walker
Guitar and Vocal : Dan Sachs
Accompanying Banjo : John Talbot
Music and Lyrics written by William Walker
Copyright 2005
The great thing about legends is they usually start with a grain of truth .
They are passed on from generation to generation and along the way , they are embellished , disputed , defended , believed , disbelieved , and usually told a little bit different each time .
They stay alive because there is always that shred of hope and a small possibility they could be true or at least , true enough to be partially believable .
Many men and women have spent untold days and even years chasing legends like the lost mines of El Dorado and the buried treasures of Blackbeard the pirate .
True or not , it really makes no difference because legends will continue to live on because they always make good stories and provide great adventures to armchair voyagers .
Such is the legend of the Lost Gold of Keel Mountain told first by an old Madison County man named Jeremiah McCain , who had joined up with a renegade band of rebel guerillas in early 1862 .
He was in his early fifties and quite an old man to be a soldier .
McCain had never married and lived like a hermit who had no family .
He had worked on farms doing odd jobs and barely made enough to live on .
He only joined the rebel band so he could kill Yankees and get a free meal .
In April of 1862 , Union Army Brigadier General Orsmby M. Mitchel left Nashville , Tennessee and moved his small army southward through Shelbyville toward Huntsville , Alabama .
After some minor resistance from roving Confederate bands , on April 11 , 1862 , his Union troops marched into Huntsville and occupied the city .
Regiment after regiment of mud splattered Union soldiers marched through the streets of downtown Huntsville and gathered at the courthouse square .
Huntsville was now in Union occupied hands .
General Mitchell was a vain , petulant man who had trouble getting along with people , especially the inhabitants of the town who considered the occupying Federals as foreign invaders .
The Union soldiers stripped shops and stores of various merchandise items and either stole them or discarded them on the streets .
The population of Huntsville was infuriated .
Another big problem was that of money , both for the soldiers and the local inhabitants .
The Confederate script was now worthless and out of fear of being branded a traitor , the Southerners would not accept United States currency or script .
General Mitchell knew that in order to restore order in the town and make conditions for all the occupying soldiers and local inhabitants palatable , he needed to stimulate the local economy by supplying a form of currency all would accept .
He needed a good supply of gold coins .
A request went out to Union headquarters to send fifty thousand dollars in gold coins , of different denominations , to Huntsville by a special guarded courier detachment .
The predominate United States gold coins of that time were the Coronet Head Eagles that came in four basic denominations .
He requested an assorted quantity of Quarter Eagles ( $ 2.50 ) , Half Eagles ( $ 5.00 ) , Eagles ( $ 10 ) , and Double Eagles ( $ 20.00 ) .
He knew the feel and shine of pure gold coins would mellow the moods of an angry populace and bring more harmony to the town .
After several delays caused by normal bureaucratic red tape , the unusual request was granted and a heavily armed and very secret detachment from the Fourth Ohio Cavalry was dispatched to meet a courier unit at Union headquarters in Nashville and transport the gold shipment back to Huntsville .
Sometime in mid November , the detachment quietly sneaked out of Huntsville and headed along the Meridianville Road toward Nashville .
The Union detachment consisted of eleven men , headed by a First Lieutenant , a Sergeant , and nine cavalry troopers .
The detachment slipped by several bands of Confederate Cavalry and pickets and made their way across the Tennessee state line and quietly through the rolling countryside into Nashville .
The gold shipment had arrived in Nashville the day before and was stored in a safe at Army Headquarters .
The shipment consisted of two small metal strongboxes with the gold coins neatly stacked in rows within two leather pouches in each box .
The Double Eagles were in one box and the other assortment of coins in the other .
This idea of packing was done as an afterthought , in case the detachment ran into trouble .
If that misfortune should occur , the pouches could be quickly removed from the boxes and fastened to the saddles for a hasty retreat .
On a cold and damp November morning , the strongboxes were loaded on a large pack mule and secured with a special leather harness .
At nightfall , the detachment quietly moved out of town in single file .
They made their way back along the same direct route that would take them near the towns of Murfreesboro , Shelbyville , and Fayetteville .
While these towns were in the hands of Union occupation troops , they were still hot beds of rebel guerilla activity and roaming Confederate cavalry units .
Upon their approach to the small hamlet of Belleview , the lead scout trooper came riding back to report a large group of Confederate cavalry camped nearby , slightly to the west of Belleview .
The Lieutenant decided to avoid the enemy by detouring eastward toward Booneville .
Circling a few farms near Booneville the detachment then turned south to pick up a new route back to Huntsville .
As they circled around a large cornfield , they were spotted by a small detachment of Confederate cavalry moving out of the trees and along the far edge of the field .
The Confederates fired a few scattered shots and charged after the Federals .
The Union officer shouted a command and the detachment took off at a gallop .
They rode hard for about two miles and slowed down to rest their horses .
The Lieutenant picked out four men and gave them an order to take up a defensive position and hold off the Confederates as long as possible to give the unit a chance to escape with the gold shipment .
The four took positions behind some fallen trees and waited for their adversaries to ride up while the remaining seven men turned toward the southwest and toward Fayetteville .
They did not have long to wait for within a few minutes , Confederate troopers from Roddy 's Fourth Alabama Cavalry rode up and received fire from the four hidden troopers .
One Confederate grabbed his chest and was lifted from his saddle and fell heavily to the ground .
Another grabbed his shoulder and let out a soft cry as his mount cut sharply to the right .
The remaining troopers moved back quickly out of range and took cover in some nearby trees .
They dismounted and put a hasty plan together to encircle the Federals from both flanks .
The Confederates had about sixteen effective men left but were not sure exactly how many Federals were positioned behind the fallen tree trunks .
They left six men in front to deliver and draw fire while the remaining troopers split up and began circling in both directions .
The lead elements came around the flanks to discover the four Federals dug in behind the trees .
Enfilade fire was delivered striking two of the Federals immediately and dropping them to the ground .
The other two quickly made it back to their horses and mounted quickly in an effort to escape .
One slug found one trooper in the side as he dropped from the saddle and the other took off through the woods .
Somehow , he managed to escape capture since the Confederates were dismounted and could not follow him quickly enough through the dense woods and underbrush .
A few miles to the southwest , the remaining Union detachment was skirting to the east of Fayetteville when they spotted a large group of mounted men milling about near a deserted farmhouse and sporting a rag tag assortment of uniforms and carrying no flag or banner for identification .
The Lieutenant quickly identified this group as an unauthorized band of rebel guerillas out on a raid .
There must have been at least thirty - five men in this group .
The Federals had not been spotted and quietly made their way around the farmhouse and on to the narrow dirt road beyond .
After riding about two miles , the group stumbled upon two mounted guerilla scouts , surprising both parties out of their wits .
Pistols were drawn and in very close quarters , the rebels rode past the Federals at a fast gallop .
One guerilla fell from the saddle mortally wounded but the other was through the pack and gone in an instant .
Ironically , the guerilla that got away was none other than Jeremiah McCain .
He rode hard to warn the main guerilla party and take up chase of the seven remaining Federals .
Meanwhile the Federals turned their horses south and headed for the state line at the old Elora place .
They moved quickly and crossed the state line without any incidents .
McCain had found his companions who wheeled their horses and took up a quick pursuit of the small Federal band .
McCain had seen the out of place pack mule and surmised there may be something important in those boxes .
The thought of bounty or payroll was all the incentive the rebels needed to move fast and take up a vigorous pursuit .
They spurred their horses onward in hot pursuit of the Federals knowing they had a head start of a few precious miles .
The countryside into North Alabama is predominately rolling hills with both woods and scattered fields .
The Federals drove their horses as hard as they could aware of the superior enemy force coming " hell bent for leather " behind them .
They made their way past the community of New Market and skirted around a small mountain called Lewis Mountain .
They then veered eastward about a mile then came to the Flint River where they planned to follow it south to the John Gurley farm where they would pick up Union outposts and friendly troops that could escort them on to Huntsville .
The river should be easy to follow and at least offer them some protection to their flank .
The route along the river was easy and they even stopped to water and rest their horses for a short while .
Although they had not seen any rebel guerillas or Confederate Cavalry , they knew the band of guerillas they saw up in Tennessee would be close behind .
The group mounted and continued at a brisk pace along the eastern bank of the Flint .
Soon they approached a long fingerlike mountain off to the right with steep bluffs rising about four hundred feet .
This was known as Sublett Bluff and it runs parallel to the river .
Beyond the mountain was a hidden valley called Potts Hollow and little did the Federals know but it was a stronghold and hiding place to a band of rebel guerillas who camped both in the hollow and on top of the mountain called Chestnut Knob .
Two mounted guerillas were riding on the top of the bluff when they spotted the small band of Union troopers riding along the river below .
The two rebels split up and one continued to follow the band while the other rode off to warn the others .
As the Union detachment rounded the end of the mountain at Sublett Point , they saw mounted horsemen riding fast to intercept them at a point where the river split in two then rejoined a short distance down stream .
The Federals turned straight south and headed for the large mountain about a mile in front of them .
If they could just get around this mountain , they knew they would link up with some Federal troops and make their way on safely to Huntsville .
They knew this was Keel Mountain .
They quickly crossed Hurricane Creek and headed for the large point that loomed up before them .
Meanwhile , the detachment of rebels from Tennessee had rounded Sublett Point and was riding parallel with the other band from Potts Hollow .
In all , the combined rebels would number about fifty men , far outnumbering the small detachment of seven .
The rebels from Potts Hollow had reached another split in the river called Esslinger Island and was closing in on the Federals from the west , cutting off their escape route around the base of Keel Mountain .
The larger group of rebels was only several hundred yards behind and gaining fast .
The Lieutenant shouted for his men to ride straight up the mountain as far as they could then dismount and form a defensive position at the top .
Maybe some Federal troops could hear gunshots from the other side and come to their rescue .
As the Federals rode into the trees and started up the steep slope of the mountain , the guerillas opened fire and bullets whistled through the limbs of the winter bare trees .
One lucky bullet found the back of a trooper and he and his horse plunged heavily to the ground .
Another found the back of the pack mule 's hind leg and he dropped to the ground head first against a tree trunk .
There was a loud pop and the mule lay still with a broken neck .
The young trooper who was leading the mule dismounted and quickly cut the bands that held the strongboxes and opened the boxes retrieving the two bags of gold coins .
They were very heavy but he grabbed them with all of his strength and started dragging them as he struggled toward the top .
Most of the other horses had stopped and the remaining Union troopers were making their way to the top when the rebel guerillas came through the edge of the woods and started up the incline on foot .
Bullets were flying everywhere from both sides .
Two rebels dropped in their tracks but the Federals were so outnumbered they turned and ran for their lives through the woods with the rebels close on their heels .
The young Union trooper with the bags of coins took a bullet through the neck and fell mortally back into a deep depression .
Both he and the leather bags buried deep into the pile of fallen leaves at the bottom of the ditch , partially hiding them .
Most of the guerillas had now reached the top in pursuit of the fleeing Federals , all but Jeremiah McCain who had seen the young soldier fall .
He cautiously approached the deep ditch and peered over the edge .
He spotted a boot sticking out of the leaves and crawled down to find the dead soldier and the leather bags .
When he opened the bags , he gasp with amazement as the reflection of the sun hit the soft yellow color of the gold and reflected the bright yellow brilliance into his face .
Before him , lay a fortune in gold coins .
As in most cases of treasure , greed immediately took over and McCain decided to hide the bags and come back later to bury them .
He carried the bags out of the depression and moved further up the slope where he found another depression with some rocks covering a small deep hole .
He thought he might be near the top .
He moved the rocks and stuffed the bags in the hole then covered them back up with rocks and leaves .
In front of him , further up the slope , was a large oak tree so he paced off the distance between his buried gold and the base of the tree .
The distance was exactly seventy - six paces and he knew he could easily remember this .
With a big grin on his face , he walked up the slope to rejoin his comrades chasing the Federals .
Only two Federal troopers escaped that day and got back to their lines and then on to Huntsville to tell their story .
General Mitchell was furious with the loss of the gold and sent several reinforced scouting parties back to the mountain to search for the gold and any rebels he could find .
The guerillas had long disappeared back into the mountains and although the Union searchers found the dead mule and trooper in the ditch , they could not find the gold shipment .
They scoured the fields , the river , and the entire mountain but the gold had simply disappeared .
Finally , they assumed the gold had been captured by Confederates and things finally settled down .
Soon after , General Mitchell was relieved of command and assigned to another command in Hilton Head , South Carolina where he contracted yellow fever and died a few months later .
About the same time , Jeremiah McCain and his band were surprised up near New Market by a large force of Union cavalry supporting an infantry regiment .
In the ensuing battle , McCain caught a Union slug in the stomach and like most belly wounds of the Civil War , it was a horrible , untreatable wound and a painful and slow way to die .
From this bad wound , McCain got an infection and a severe fever and became delirious toward the end .
One of his captured comrades was bending over the dying McCain when he tried to relate the story of the hidden gold but in his delirious state , he did not make too much sense and the young guerilla had trouble understanding the part where it was buried .
Apparently McCain had related part of the story to someone else prior to his wound because it is from this unknown person the rest of this legend was eventually revealed .
This legend is relatively unknown because those who have heard the story have probably remained quiet because of their own self - interest in searching for the gold .
Is this story true ?
Who knows ?
Maybe somewhere up on Keel Mountain , there is a hole filled with the long forgotten rotted remains of leather bags and a hole filled with loose gold Eagles .
Perhaps it was just an illusion of an old dying man with fever .
In any event , like most legends , it makes a good story .
Fancy a Facebook video ?
How about 20 million of them ?
That 's how many new videos are being uploaded to the Web service each month , according to a company spokesperson .
But are people staying to watch that many ?
Fancy a Facebook video ?
How about 20 million of them ?
That 's how many new videos are being uploaded to the Web service each month , according to a company spokesperson .
A significant chunk of these no percentages , unfortunately are being sent to the service via mobile devices , reports The New York Times .
In fact , the number of videos that have been flying over to the service doubled ever since Facebook started allowing its users to both upload videos to the site via email and send movies from their iPhones .
But it 's not just uploading that 's catching Facebook users ' eyes .
The site 's nearly half a billion worldwide users also view two billion videos per month .
The number might seem impressive , but it 's a mere drop in the bucket compared to the viewing habits of United States - based Internet surfers .
According to a report released by comScore earlier this month , U.S. Internet users watched approximately 30.3 billion videos in just this past April .
Google - based sites ( including Google Videos and YouTube ) captured 43.2 percent of the market with a total of around 13 billion videos watched .
Facebook does n't even appear in the top - 10 list of total videos viewed on a service .
Facebook did show up on comScore 's top - ten list of video sites in terms of unique viewers , however .
According to the analytics firm , approximately 41.3 million unique U.S. Facebook users watched online videos in April .
The company also noted that Facebook users , on average , watched 5.6 videos in that time period .
In contrast , Google - based video sites captured 136.2 million unique viewers and each viewer , on average , watched 96 videos during the month .
So what does that mean ?
Regardless of Facebook 's traffic claims , the service hardly carries the most weight in the U.S. online video world .
While it might have a fair share of unique viewers coming to the service every month , users are finding alternate locations to park and watch numerous videos throughout a given time period .
Facebook representatives do expect an upswing in video postings and viewership as more users obtain mobile phones with video support built - in .
And that 's been illustrated in the data thus far in March of 2009 , Facebook achieved roughly 12 million video uploads per month .
The current figures are n't quite a doubling of that number , but the growth is definitely there .
Formula 1 has been at the awesome edge of innovation for decades , yet most of the time you would have been pushed to find the fruits of its research adopted elsewhere .
Not any more .
Technology developed by F1 engineers at McLaren – in order , among other things , to speed up its pit stops – is being used by air traffic control at Heathrow to predict aircraft movements two hours before they happen .
McLaren 's pit stop technology has also been used at Great Ormond Street hospital in London to help streamline the handover between surgery and intensive care .
These are but two examples of " open collaboration " between different industries which helped McLaren to win one of the five prizes – for open innovation – awarded in this year 's Open Innovation competition organised by Nesta and supported by the Guardian .
Open innovation is coming of age as companies and public sector bodies realise that if they want to stay competitive in future against the increasing global challenges , it makes absolute sense to collaborate with outsiders .
Innovation is happening at a breathless pace in nearly every industry as the digital revolution demolishes the old business models .
But how do you know whether something being developed in an unrelated industry could n't transform your own in the way the principles of Last.fm have been applied to scientific research or how someone from the concrete industry solved the problem of getting rid of the oil from the Exxon Valdez oil disaster 20 years on ?
Being one of the judges of the competition opened my eyes – not only to the huge potential of open collaboration as reflected in the winners , but also to some of the weaknesses of the model .
First , the good news .
We were required to choose winners from a shortlist of 100 divided into five sections .
Winner of the crowdsourcing section was Cloudmade , the company whose co-founder was responsible for starting OpenStreetMap , which is using volunteers to map the entire planet street by street with great success .
The maps are free , but CloudMade has now built a company on top to employ people to exploit it commercially , a great example of how open innovation can be combined with a business model to create jobs for the future .
The admirable wikihow.com , which uses crowdsourcing to generate " How to " videos that attract 25 million visitors a month , won the Co-creation award , while Open Office , the open source alternative to Microsoft 's Office , won the Open Source Software section in recognition of the progress that has been made over the years to make it more user - friendly .
The winner of the Open Business award was Zopa , which provides a peer - to - peer lending and borrowing service that has grown strongly during the banking crisis although it is still a small organisation .
If , and it is a big if , it can continue to provide a safe alternative to banks even though it does n't have a government guarantee ( it relies on spreading the risk of loans among dozens of different recipients ) , then customers will be satisfied and taxpayers could avoid future bailouts .
The weakness of the model ?
It was crystallised during an animated discussion about whether Apple should be considered for an award .
Yes , of course , because its amazing store has generated more than 150,000 new apps in barely two years , creating a hotbed of innovation out of nothing .
No , never , because of its control - freakishness in shutting out Flash animations ( endemic on YouTube ) , exploiting a monopoly payments system and very strict take - it - or leave it rules about the process of making apps .
The trouble is that this Kremlinesque approach has resulted in such beautiful game - changing products as the iPhone and iPad that are a delight to use as reported in the Observer .
Contrast that with Google 's adoption of open source software for its Android phones .
This is much better in theory as it allows developers to do their own thing but in practice , at least so far , this results in all sorts of different software versions that do n't always work too well on the varying sizes and hardware of different Android phones .
As Steven Johnson has pointed out , Steve Jobs has turned a walled garden into a rainforest .
There is no doubt that open source solutions are on a roll and there are lots of areas where they will sweep all before them .
The problem yet to be solved is how to harness the freedom and creativity that open collaboration offers with the need to have consumer friendly products that non-geeks will want to buy with their own money .
The free Linux operating system , devised by volunteers all over the world , is one of the wonders of the web but it still has n't had much impact on Microsoft 's near 95 % domination of the market .
Does the open innovation movement need a benevolent dictator like Steve Jobs or is that not possible because of its , laudable , democratic base ?
• This article was amended on 16 April 2010 .
The original said that CloudMade was responsible for openstreetmap.org .
This has been corrected .
Israeli officials showing press the Freedom Flotilla cargo .
( Photos : Aymen Mohyeldin )
Al Jazeera ’s Aymen Mohyeldin attended a press conference today where Israeli officials showed journalists the contents of the flotilla ’s cargo ship .
Here are some of the shocking details :
A box of toys , featuring a Pikachu backpack .
Medicine
Wheelchairs
Notebooks and textbooks
Any chance this stuff makes its way to Gaza ?
JOHANNESBURG — As the second - lowest ranked team in the World Cup competition , South Africa is expected to lose its opening match Friday against Mexico .
But to ensure victory , Michael Mvakali recommends a simple fix : a concoction of plants and animal limbs .
" You use the horse 's foot and the ostrich leg , you mix it with some herbs and you put it on the players , on their knees and their legs , and when they kick , even the goalkeeper can't get hold of that ball , " said Mr. Mvakali , a practitioner of traditional magic .
While he has n't ...
Als " Ultima Ratio " und " Handlungsoption " müsse die Blockade kinderpornographischer Webseiten weiter möglich sein , betonten Vertreter der CDU / CSU - Fraktion bei einer Debatte über den Richtlinienentwurf der EU - Komission zur Bekämpfung der Kinderpornographie im Bundestag am Donnerstag .
Ganz in diesem
Sinne plädierte der CDU - Abgeordnete Patrick Sensburg für die neue Maxime " Löschen vor Sperren " .
Wenn das Entfernen sexueller Missbrauchsbilder aus dem Internet etwa in den USA nicht möglich sei , müsse die Alternative Sperren offengehalten werden .
Die schwarz - gelbe Regierungskoalition spricht in dem Streit nach wie vor nicht mit einer Stimme .
Im Koalitionsvertrag ist eigentlich das Prinzip " Löschen statt Sperren " festgeschrieben .
Bundesinnenminister Thomas de Maizière brachte dagegen im April die Lösung " Löschen und Sperren " ins Spiel und handelte sich damit prompt heftige Kritik nicht nur von Seiten des Koalitionspartners , sondern etwa auch von der Jungen Union ein .
Nun sprach sich neben Sensburg etwa auch dessen Parteikollege Ansgar Heveling dafür aus , dem Staat " die Alternativität von Schutzmaßnahmen " nicht aus der Hand zu schlagen .
Unbestritten sei eine Blockade von Webinhalten nicht " der Königsweg " .
Sie stelle aber eben eine nicht aus dem Auge zu verlierende weitere Handlungsmöglichkeit dar .
Marco Buschmann erklärte dagegen im Namen der FDP - Fraktion pauschal : " Die Bundesregierung folgt dem Prinzip ' Löschen statt Sperren ' . "
Man habe " keinen Zweifel daran gelassen " , wie mit dieser Ansage umzugehen sei .
Der Innenminister selbst habe im Februar dementsprechend eine Gesetzesinitiative zur Löschung kinderpornographischer Inhalte gemeinsam mit Bundesjustizministerin Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger vorgeschlagen .
Letztere habe zudem auch bereits bei EU - Innenkommissarin Cecilia Malmström für den deutschen
Weg geworben und starke Zweifel gegenüber den " ineffektiven " Websperren vorgebracht .
Sperrlisten könnten im schlimmsten
Fall dafür sorgen , dass kranke Menschen diese sogar als Wegweiser nutzen könnten , führte Buschmann die Haltung der Liberalen weiter aus .
Anlass für die Debatte waren Anträge aller Oppositionsparteien .
Demnach soll die Bundesregierung darauf hinwirken , den Weg der als symbolpolitisch und ungeeignet angesehen Websperren auf EU - Ebene aufzugeben .
Stattdessen müsse europaweit die Löschung kinderpornographischer Webseiten angestrebt werden .
Blockaden von Webseiten seien " unverhältnismäßig und kontraproduktiv " , begründete der netzpolitische Sprecher der Grünen , Konstantin von Notz , das Begehr seiner Fraktion .
Noch immer mangele es Strafverfolgungsbehörden an ausgebildetem Personal und Technik zur Bekämpfung der Kinderpornographie .
Ferner würden dringend internationale Abkommen zum Entfernen von Missbrauchsbildern aus dem Netz gebraucht .
In diesen Bereichen sei " mit geringem Aufwand eine Menge zu erreichen " .
Für die SPD - Fraktion unterstrich Burkhard Lischka ( SPD ) , dass mit Sperren eine Infrastruktur aufgebaut würde , " die viele Bürger unter dem Blickwinkel der Freiheitsrechte kritisch sehen " .
Zudem käme mit dem Plan der Kommission auch der verliebte 18 - Jährige " in ganz gefährliches Fahrwasser " , wenn er über das Internet bei seiner 17 - jährigen Freundin anklopfe und es in Folge zu sexuellen Handlungen komme .
Europa dürfe " nicht als Hintertür zur Einführung von Internetsperren " missbraucht werden , ergänzte Halina Wawzyniak von den Linken .
Seien Sperrarchitekturen erst einmal errichtet , würde es nicht lange dauern , bis etwa Vertreter der Musik - und Unterhaltungsindustrie diese für eigene Zwecke nutzen wollten .
In der anhaltenden Auseinandersetzung um Websperren hatte die Koalition mit ihrer Stimmenmehrheit zuletzt am Mittwoch im Rechtsausschuss des Bundestags den Antrag der Grünen zur Rüge der Kommission wegen Überschreitung ihrer Kompetenzen bei dem umkämpften Direktivenvorstoß von der Tagesordnung abgesetzt .
Die von der Oppositionspartei geplante Beschwerde des nationalen Parlaments kann so nicht mehr vor Ablauf der Einspruchsfrist in Brüssel behandelt werden .
Die Verschiebung des Agendapunktes beantragte die FDP .
Neben den Grünen votierten auch die SPD und die Linken gegen die Verzögerung und schimpften über einen " schlechten Stil " .
Die Sozialdemokraten haben derweil einen Antrag , der dem der Grünen ähnelt , im Kultur - und Medienausschuss eingebracht .
Dieser kommt aber zu spät .
Siehe dazu auch :
( jk )
In a recent post , The Myth of Evidence Based Medicine , I explained that conventional medicine is based not on evidence , but on profit .
So how ’s this working out for us ?
The U.S. spends far more than any other country in the world on healthcare – a whopping $ 2 trillion per year .
Considering this enormous expenditure , we should have the best medicine in the world .
We should be reversing disease , preventing disease , and doing minimal harm .
But that ’s not what ’s happening at all .
The U.S. ranks just 34th in the world in life expectancy and 29th for infant mortality .
Of 13 countries in a recent comparison , the United States ranks an average of 12th ( second from bottom ) for 16 available health indicators .
Even worse , a study published a few years back in JAMA suggested that medical care may be the leading cause of death in the US .
( For more on this , read my article The Failure of U.S. Healthcare ) .
Yes , you read that right .
Medical care kills more people than heart disease , strokes or cancer .
How can it be that we spend nearly 16 % of our GDP on healthcare , but have one of the worst health care systems in the industrial world ?
The answer , in short , is that we do n’t have healthcare in the U.S. .
We have disease management .
And there ’s a world of difference between the two :
Wellness care is what we need .
Disease management is what we have .
Wellness care would save insurance companies billions of dollars each year .
But it would devastate the bottom lines of the pharmaceutical industry .
Wellness care is what I will offer my patients .
And it ’s the vision I have for what medicine could be here in the U.S. and elsewhere .
I ’m just not holding my breath .
Until we can lessen the influence of Big Pharma , disease management will rule .
Related posts :
Gummi
The simple LaTeX editor
Screenshot
Getting Gummi
For end users we recommend using official stable releases .
Gummi is available through the official channels for most Linux / BSD distributions .
Please see this wiki page for more information on availability for your specific platform .
Developers may also be interested in running the latest sourcecode .
More information on building Gummi from source can be found here ..
Packaging Gummi
Thank you for helping to distribute this software .
Feel free to contact me directly if you have any questions or comments about packaging Gummi .
Contributing to Gummi
Please check the Getting Involved section of our wiki for more information on contributing to Gummi .
Contact
Their faces sometimes twisted in anger , ' tea party ' followers have been called neo-Klansmen and knuckle - dragging hillbillies .
To be sure , angry town halls , the N - word thrown at black congressmen , and signs comparing President Obama to Adolf Hitler play into the hands of the movement 's critics .
And demonizing tea party activists tends to energize the Democrats ' left - of - center base .
But political experts say that many such criticisms are near - sighted , if not outright inappropriate – and ultimately may miss the point .
Indeed , polls suggest that tea party activists are not only more mainstream than many critics suggest , but that a majority of them are women ( primarily mothers ) , not angry white men .
What 's more , the release this week of the top three planks of the " crowd - sourced " Contract From America project , to some activists , shows a maturation from sign - wielding protesters to a political reform movement grounded in ideas .
The top three vote - getters among 360,000 respondents on the Contract From America website : Calling for an enumerated powers act to force lawmakers to check the constitionality of new laws ; requiring a two - thirds majority in Congress for any tax hike ; and a legislative backstop to prevent the EPA from " backdoor regulating . "
Tea party : ' Intellectual reform movement ? '
" [ The ideas in the tea party - coined Contract From America ] takes our protest movement and really sets forth a real kind of intellectual reform movement , " says Ryan Hecker , a Tea Party Patriots activist in Houston , and a founder of the Contract From America website .
" It 's a response to the idea that the tea party people do n't know what they 're fighting about , and it shows there 's a real intellectual center to this movement and that we really do have ideas . "
Still , many critics look at a tea party crowd and just see a " fantasy - based " movement of " angry white people , " as Monitor Facebook commentator Bill Downey points out .
The fact that most tea party activists are white , however , may reflect less racial animus against a black president than the fact that white workers – by far the majority in the US population – have seen their plight worsen at dramatic rates , some political experts say .
" [ O ] pposition to health - care reform from the tea party is not based on racism but self - interest , " writes NPR 's Juan Williams , who is black , in the Wall Street Journal .
" The older , whiter segment of the American demographic was at the heart of opposition to the president 's health - care proposal because they feared cuts in their Medicare benefits or tax hikes eroding their income . "
Most Americans down on big government
Moreover , polls show that the anger at big government exhibited by tea party protesters is shared by many , if not most , Americans .
A Pew poll in early March found 71 percent of Americans " dissatisfied with the way things are going in the country today , " while a CNN poll showed that 56 percent of Americans are more than just discontented with Washington .
Instead , that majority of respondents agreed that the government is " so large and powerful that it poses an immediate threat to rights and freedoms of ordinary citizens . "
Some tea party critics invoke incidents like Joseph Stack ’s airplane attack on the IRS office in Austin and the arrest of the antigovernment Hutaree militia this week as evidence of extremist leanings in the broader tea party world .
But such charges often do n't hold up , says George Michael , an expert on extremism at the University of Virgina 's College at Wise .
Extremist groups like the Guardians of the free Republicans , which made news this week after it suggested that all 50 US governors step down or face removal , most often show evidence of " both left - wing and right - wing elements in their worldview , " says Mr. Michael .
( Also worth noting : Mr. Stack railed against George Bush in his long screed against the IRS and the Toledo Blade reported this week that at least one of the alleged Hutaree militia members is a voting Democrat . )
" The tea party is the middle 50 percent of America that wants good governance and lean more to the right of Barack Obama on economic issues , " says Mr. Hecker , the tea party activist .
" By calling them bloodthirsty extremists you 're kind of alienating a lot of independents that voted for Obama . "
Democrats are on a winning streak — so why are they acting like losers ?
Washington — A weird malaise is haunting the Democratic Party .
That 's a risky word to use , I know .
It 's freighted with bad history and carries unfortunate implications .
So let 's be clear : President Obama is not Jimmy Carter , not even close .
And Obama 's speech on Tuesday was nothing like Carter 's 1979 " malaise speech " in which Carter never actually used that word .
Obama gave a good and sensible speech that was not a home run .
What 's odd is that Obama was seen as needing a home run .
This is where the Democratic malaise comes in .
Democrats should feel a lot better than they do .
They enacted a health care bill that had been their dream for more than 60 years .
They pulled the country out of a terrifying economic spiral .
They are on the verge of passing the biggest reform of Wall Street since the New Deal .
The public has identified enemies that are typically seen as Republican allies : oil companies and big bankers .
And given the Republicans ' past policies , the Gulf oil spill is at least as much their problem as Obama's .
On top of this , the GOP seems to be doing all it can to make itself unelectable , veering far to the right and embracing a Tea Party movement that , at its extremes , preaches the need for revolution .
That sounds more like the old New Left than a reinvigorated conservatism .
Oh yes , and can you think of one thing Republicans stand for right now other than cutting spending ?
Never mind that they are conspicuously vague about what they 'd cut .
Ginger McGuire , 36 , boarded a Trans States shuttle Monday night at Dulles International Airport outside Washington .
During the one - hour journey she fell asleep .
The aircraft landed about 12:30 a.m. at Philadelphia International Airport , but McGuire said the flight crew had n't bothered to rouse her .
She awoke at 4 a.m. , alone on the 50 - seat plane with all the doors locked , she said .
" Waking up to an empty airplane and not being able to get out was very horrifying , " McGuire told WDIV - TV in Detroit .
If this blog is of use to you , then I 'm glad to be of service .
- Joran
This blog covers my interests on Games , Paintball and StarTrek .
It is ultimately a personal blog .
Games posted here are meant to be recommended to friends .
Paintball and StarTrek issues are meant to be shared with my friend .
The French - born artist Louise Bourgeois , who died on Monday , was a pioneer of art that depicted the lives of women in the early 20th century , writes AIDAN DUNNE
WHEN TATE Modern opened in 2000 , the first artist invited to exhibit in the vast Turbine Hall was Louise Bourgeois , the French - born American sculptor who has just died .
She devised a huge long - legged sculpture of a spider which she titled Maman ( she associated spiders with her mother ) , and three architectural towers stocked with smaller sculptural objects .
The playful surrealism of her work and the strange darkness of her imagination had a fantastic impact on the visitors who flocked to this new cathedral of the art world .
Bourgeois was born into a family of tapestry restorers in Paris on Christmas Day , 1911 .
Her mother , Josephine , who named her after the radical anarchist Louise Michel , was a strong woman and an independent thinker , but her growing daughter was appalled by the fact that she chose not to notice her domineering husband ’s 10 - year affair with the English governess .
A vision of family and home as a crucible of power relations , with extremes of strength and vulnerability , desire and frustration , anger and fear and , above all , pain , became central to Bourgeois ’s work over her lifetime .
Initially she studied mathematics , then switched to art .
When she married art historian Robert Goldwater in 1938 they moved to New York City , where she remained , saying that it was her move across the Atlantic that allowed her to flourish artistically .
Through the 1940s her Femme Maison series of paintings featured the startling hybrid image of a woman merging with the domestic dwelling that entraps and defines her .
In making intensely personal work rooted in an embodied , female perspective she was ahead of her time , and she was respected though relatively overlooked until Lucy Lippard included her in her Eccentric Abstraction show in 1966 .
Gradually , with the increasingly cultural impact of the feminist movement , art and its audience developed in ways that were more responsive to Bourgeois ’s work , and her reputation grew steadily from the mid-1970s .
New York ’s Museum of Modern Art devoted a retrospective to her in 1982 .
In a celebrated photograph of her taken by Robert Mapplethorpe at the time , the grinning , diminutive Bourgeois clutches her own distinctly phallic sculpture , Fillette , under her arm .
By the 1990s there was a widespread preoccupation with body and gender issues in art and , as Elaine Showalter wrote , Bourgeois became “ a magnetic figure for art critics , especially feminist art historians and theorists ” .
As well as conventional materials like bronze and stone she used a range of other media with bodily associations , including her own discarded clothing and latex .
The Cells , spiders and other images she used throughout the 1990s were recognisably derived from her earlier work , and she did n’t mellow with age .
What remains striking is her willingness to combine the sensual with the disturbing , the erotic with the repellent .
She is widely acknowledged as an influence on a younger generation of artists including Tracey Emin and Antony Gormley .
Closer to home one can detect a distinct empathy and , on occasion , outright influence , in the work of Dorothy Cross , Daphne Wright , Maud Cotter and Alice Maher .
Work on my Haskell EDSL is moving ever onward .
Today I want to talk about a trick I found while working on it .
( Along the way I ’ll make some allusions to the EDSL , but I want to forestall announcing the EDSL for another week or so , in the interest of ensuring it ’s fully baked . )
My EDSL is essentially an attempt at grafting the Haskell static type system onto a dynamically typed language .
The idea is that a programmer writes their code in my EDSL — that is , he ’s really written his code in an indexed monad I ’ve set up in Haskell — and when he executes his EDSL code , the output is a bunch of code written in the target language , which can then be compiled using whatever toolchain he likes .
We ’ve basically embedded the target language into Haskell , which means that the Haskell type system can now be used to model concepts in the target language .
The target language has a very weak dynamic type system which , if I ’ve done my modeling correctly , allows a proper superset of the programs that my EDSL will allow .
Anyway , with this design , there are two operations that the programmer needs to be able to perform with their code :
Make sure that the code type - checks .
Obviously the Haskell compiler will do this on its own .
If the code type - checks , render the code from the EDSL into the target language .
As alluded to above , the EDSL resides within an indexed monad , say PState assumes returns a , which encodes the Hoare types of code blocks .
Consequently , there is a render function , appropriately typed render :: PState assumes returns ( ) ->
TargetAST , where TargetAST is some algebraic data type that I can pretty print into the target language ’s syntax .
Obviously I ’m leaving out a good deal of detail about the EDSL , which I ’ll talk about in a later post ; today I want to talk about a problem that arises with this style .
It is a common theme that the true zen of Haskell code is modeling your program ’s behavior in the type system .
As a basic example , a program that takes user input and puts it into a syntax - sensitive structure can use types to ensure that non-escaped strings never make it from the user to the structure ; as a more complex example , configuration flags can be managed at the type level , if one is sufficiently clever .
These are all ideas that would be wonderful to have in other languages , but which are typically absent due to the limitations of the type systems in question .
Of course , when one wishes to encode program behavior into types , one often works into a box where type classes need to be introduced .
I recently found myself : my target language has a notion of “ operand size , ” and some functions in the language only work with certain sizes of data ; it was thus necessary to have a representation for this in the EDSL .
Since operand size is a property of a type , rather than a type itself , this introduced type classes .
All of this is fine , of course , when it comes to type checking : I was able to employ a common trick to encode sizes in types , then have a two - parameter class
class HasSZ d size
whose only job is to describe a size predicate on a type .
But now I have EDSL code with a type signature predicated on a class constraint , as in
someEDSLFunction :: HasSZ d ( S ( S Z ) ) =>
PState ( some complex expression using d ) returns ()
Since the implementation of render is essentially ( using ScopedTypeVariables ) just
render :: PState assumes returns ( ) ->
TargetAST render f = getTargetAST $ runPState f ( undefined :: assumes )
we now have a problem : if f has a class constraint like that found in someEDSLFunction , we get a type error :
> render someEDSLFunction : 1:7 : No instance for ( HasSZ d ( S ( S Z ) ) ) arising from a use of `someEDSLFunction ' at :1:7-22 Possible fix : add an instance declaration for ( HasSZ d ( S ( S Z ) ) )
In the first argument of `render ' , namely `someEDSLFunction '
In the expression : render someEDSLFunction
In the definition of `it ' : it = render someEDSLFunction
This is particularly frustrating because ( though I have n’t yet explained this ) we ’re using undefined for the sole reason that we do n’t want the code which is generated to depend on the input — that is , the class constraints on the input are only a formality , there to make sure that function calls within the EDSL are legal in the context of the target language !
So that ’s the problem .
Here ’s the fix : optional class constraints .
The central issue is that , during the type - checking phase , we want the class constraints to be there — but during the rendering phase , we wish they were n’t .
We can achieve this by introducing a new type class , along with some suspicious looking instances .
In addition to the HasSZ class , we ’ll introduce the following class ( and instances ) :
data ClassConstraints
On data ClassConstraints
Off class MaybeHasSZ d size c instance ( HasSZ d size ) => MaybeHasSZ d size ConstraintsOn instance MaybeHasSZ d size ConstraintsOff
We then take our indexed monad , PState , and add an extra type parameter to track whether or not we want class constraints enabled or disabled .
Functions in our EDSL now have type PState c assumes returns a .
We now give the function someEDSLFunction a signature like
someEDSLFunction :: MaybeHasSZ d ( S ( S Z ) ) c =>
PState c ( some complex expression using d ) returns ()
By coupling the class constraint with the c variable in our PState , we ’ve given ourselves a way to “ flip a switch ” to turn the HasSZ constraint on and off : during type checking , the EDSL binds c to ConstraintsOn , so that the constraint MaybeHasSZ d ( S ( S Z ) ) c reduces to the constraint HasSZ d ( S ( S Z ) ) .
To fix rendering , we just give render the signature
render :: PState ConstraintsOff assumes returns ( ) -> TargetAST
so that the expression render someEDSLFunction collapses the constraint MaybeHasSZ d ( S ( S Z ) ) c down to nothing , allowing the render function to do its job .
For the past few months we ’ve been preparing ourselves for the exciting event of becoming parents for the second time .
We ’ve been having baby showers , buying all the baby related items we needed and just stocking up .
Through all this we realized that even before we started buying all of this baby stuff that we were starting to run out of room , and we really had a lot of stuff in the house that we no longer needed .
While we certainly are n’t hoarders ( 1.4 million Americans DO suffer from chronic hoarding & clutter . ) , and we were n’t trapped and killed by our piles of stuff like this unfortunate fellow , we did n’t want to have our home stuffed to the gills with things we did n’t want or need .
We decided to simplify , and to declutter .
What Things Do You Really Need ?
When you get down to it you ’re probably storing a ton of things at your house that you do n’t really need .
For us , we decided to think about how we were actually using the items in our house , and think about just how likely we were to actually use it in the future .
If we were n’t using it and were n’t likely to use it in the future , we decided to either sell it , donate it or junk it .
Want some ideas for what to do with your stuff – check out this post over at Forbes called “ 10 Reasons To Get Rid Of Your Stuff “ .
Our Criteria For Getting Rid Of Stuff
Are we currently using this item ?
Are we likely to use it in the future ?
Is it sentimental ?
Even if we ’re using it , does it take up more space than it is worth ?
More often than not we ’re not really using the item anymore , and in many cases we ’re not even sure why we saved it .
Old shoes , old magazines and CDs we had n’t listened to in years went out the door .
Old computer motherboards and computer cables ?
Gone .
Of course there are the exceptions – things that I will always refuse to get rid of – like my guitars and my old baseball card collection .
How To Get Rid Of Things When You Declutter
There are a lot of ways to get rid of things when you declutter your house .
You can sell it , donate it , give it away or junk it .
Sell The Item
When we ’re deciding what we ’re going to do with an item we go through a mental inventory to decide on if the item is actually worth anything .
If it is , we try to sell the item .
Our favorite places to sell things are online .
They include :
We recently sold a couple of old rugs , and some old electronics we had in storage on Craigslist .
In the end we made a couple of hundred dollars on the items .
Money for baby stuff !
My wife has found she has a knack for selling things like old baby clothes and accessories on Facebook via mommy pages and garage sale groups for our local area .
Usually she ’ll list more popular items on there and we can have the items sold within a few days .
We sold our son ’s old baby clothes that we had been saving for several hundred dollars that way .
We ’ve also sold old technology items using electronics buying sites .
We recently had an old Samsung Galaxy phone to get rid of .
We checked prices at a variety of sites , including the ones listed above , and ended up finding the best price with Decluttr.com .
We were able to make some money on a phone we were n’t using , and someone else will get a like new Galaxy phone for a low price .
If selling our stuff online does n’t work , and if we have enough items , we will sometimes have a garage sale .
The problem with garage sales is that far too often you put in more effort to have the garage sale than you actually make in selling the items .
Another alternative is to ask family or friends if they ’re having a garage sale anytime soon .
If they are , ask them if you can bring your items over to sell .
We did this last year and sold several larger ticket items – and had fun hanging out with friends all day !
Donate The Item
If we do n’t believe we ’ll get enough money for the item to make selling it worth our while , quite often we ’ll donate the item to a local charity .
We have a goodwill store pretty close to our house , and quite often we end up donating the items there .
Remember , you can often get a tax deduction if you donate items !
Some options for donating items :
For some more options on places to donate your things , check out this great post : Where To Donate All Your Unwanted Stuff .
Give The Item Away
If you ca n’t sell the item , and charities do n’t take your item as a donation , you can always give the item away for free .
Place a free ad on Craigslist offering the item for free – or leave a post on a site like Freecycle.org .
Usually you can find a taker for just about any item you ’re getting rid of .
Junk The Item
If no one will take your items , even for free , you can always just dump them .
If the items are too big to throw in your own garbage receptacle , you can use one of these options :
1800 GotJunk.com
Your local dump
Some communities have a “ large trash item ” day once a year where they ’ll pick up your larger items .
Get Rid Of Your Excess Items – You ’ll Be Glad You Did
When we started getting rid of things from our house , at first it was a bit painful .
We were both coming up with excuses about how we would use items in the future , about how certain items meant so much to us , and how we could continue to store items because we would n’t want to re-buy them again in the future .
In the end we realized that we were making a lot of rationalizations , and that things we were n’t currently using were probably going to remain unused for the foreseeable future .
It just made sense to get rid of all these things that were weighing us down .
After we started getting rid of things it felt really good to be rid of all the excess baggage .
It was a like a weight lifted off of our shoulders , and we felt so much more free !
We have free space in the house !
So if you ’re thinking about getting rid of your things – just do it !
It may be hard at first , but it will get easier , and the freedom you ’ll feel by having de-clutterfied will be priceless !
Have you recently tried decluttering your house ?
Was it hard to get rid of things – even the things you were n’t using anymore ?
Why do you think that “ things ” are able to get such a hold on our lives ?
The Space Shuttle Atlantis , on its next - to - last journey uphill , took to the space station Russia 's Mini-Research Module " Rassvet " as well as a new Ku
band antenna and new component for the Dextre remote maniplator on the ISS .
Saying it might help people who were undeserving , Republican congressmen spoke out against a proposed health care program for rescue workers who responded to the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
What do you think ?
" Well , of course .
If you extend health benefits to 9/11 heroes , next you 'll be providing free lifetime benefits to veterans . "
Vadim Coronado • Commercial Sales Specialist
Advertisement
" That 's why I always get a monetary guarantee in writing up front before I rush to save anyone 's life . "
Jason Headly • Mechanic
Image caption
There are frequent clashes at the Israeli border with Gaza
Israeli forces have shot dead two Palestinian gunmen who had entered Israel from the Gaza Strip , the Israeli military said .
The incident occurred across the border from the southern Gaza Strip .
Hamas security officials confirmed that two men were sent on an operation to attack Israel and clashed with soldiers near the border , AP reports .
Separately , Israeli air force jets bombed parts of Gaza in pre-dawn raids , but no - one was killed or injured .
The Israeli army said the raids were a response to the launching of a Qassam rocket earlier this week .
The rocket fell in the Ashkelon region , south of Tel Aviv , without causing any damage , the army said .
Israel launched a an assault on the Hamas - run Gaza Strip in December 2008 , aimed , Israel said , at halting the rocket fire from Palestinian militants in Gaza .
Some 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis were killed in the 22 - day war .
Fabio Capello said he will not resign as England coach but will discuss his future with the Football Association after his side 's World Cup exit .
England were knocked out at the last - 16 stage of the competition following a 4 - 1 defeat by Germany .
" I have time to decide and I have to speak with the FA chairman [ Sir Dave Richards ] , " said 64 - year - old Capello .
Asked whether he would be resigning , he added : " Absolutely no .
We have to wait until I get back to London . "
Capello will further explain his position in England 's final media conference in Rustenburg at 1330 BST on Monday , and it is understood that he will meet with FA officials beforehand .
England 's players are then set to fly home overnight , arriving at Heathrow at breakfast time on Tuesday .
The Prime Minister 's deputy official spokesman said the flag of St George which was raised above Downing Street at the start of the World Cup was replaced by the Union flag on Monday morning .
Capello signed an amended contract just before the tournament committing himself to the job until the end of Euro 2012 in Poland and Ukraine and removing a clause that allowed him to leave after the World Cup .
FA spokesman Adrian Bevington appeared to hint the Italian still has the backing of the organisation despite England 's dismal showing in South Africa .
Richards , Bevington , director of football development Sir Trevor Brooking and acting chief executive Alex Horne are the men responsible for hiring and firing the England manager .
Bevington , managing director of Club England , said : " Our position has been consistent and in my mind it has not changed whatsoever .
" But clearly , Fabio needs to speak with Sir David Richards and beyond that I cannot say anything further . "
On the match itself , which was watched by a peak audience of 19.5 million on BBC1 , Capello said the referee 's failure to give England a second goal when Frank Lampard 's shot hit the bar then landed about a foot behind the line was the turning point .
" It was the most important moment of the game , " stated Capello .
" Where is the technology ?
Instead we are talking about goal or no goal . "
Both Uruguayan referee Jorge Larrionda and his assistant Mauricio Espinosa appeared to have a good view of where the ball had landed but deemed that it had not crossed the line .
PHIL McNULTY'S BLOG
If Capello does stay , he may have to call time on the careers of some of England 's so - called ' Golden Generation '
Miroslav Klose and Lukas Podolski had given Germany a 2 - 0 advantage before a header from Matthew Upson reduced the deficit in the 37th minute .
Lampard 's effort came only a minute later and England 's day went from bad to worse in the second half when two goals from 20 - year - old Thomas Mueller ensured that England would bow out of the tournament at the last - 16 stage for the first time since 1998 .
" We played well at 2 - 1 but after the third goal it was a little bit disappointing , " added Capello .
" We played well .
Germany is a big team .
They played a good game .
We made some mistakes when they played on the counter - attack .
The referee made bigger mistakes .
Little things always decide the result . "
Lampard was also left stunned by the officials ' decision and said : " It was a clear goal - 40,000 knew it and I knew it but there were two people that did n't .
It certainly affected the game and we 're bitterly disappointed . "
England captain Steven Gerrard also cited the disallowed goal as a pivotal moment of the match but conceded his team were also guilty of making errors .
" I think it 's difficult , we are suffering , " the Liverpool player told BBC Radio 5 live .
" It looks like we took a hiding today but that was n't the case .
As a team we were n't defensively solid enough .
" There were key decisions in the game .
At 2 - 1 we had a goal disallowed .
At this level the small details dictate games and that would have been a key goal for us and maybe we would have gone on and won it .
" During the summer we 'll go away and have a think about why it went wrong .
Confidence was high , we were training well but could n't do it for 90 minutes . "
Defender John
Terry also believed the scoreline was an unfair reflection on England 's performance .
" I can't explain why we did n't start as well as we'd like , " said the Chelsea centre - back .
" It made it difficult for us but when we got the goal and then Lamps 's goal , which was clearly in , it could have changed the game and reflected the final score .
" In the second half we played a lot better .
The scoreline does n't reflect the way the game was - they got three goals from counter .
We 're just disappointed , we wanted to be here until the end .
DAVID BOND'S BLOG
Surely football can no longer withstand the pressure to act following mistakes like the one made here by Uruguayan referee Jorge Larrionda and his assistant
" We did n't put in too many good performances before coming here .
The qualifying campaign was good but the performances in the pre-tournament friendlies were n't great .
" The third game was really promising and encouraging but we could n't get the momentum . "
Terry 's England partner in defence , Matthew Upson blamed the flight of the ball for the first goal , which was scored by Klose .
" I thought the ball took a bizarre sail in the air for the first goal and carried further than we anticipated , " commented the West Ham player .
" It was not great but the second goal was really good movement by them and they created a good opportunity .
" I thought we came back really well and showed some really good character .
It should have been 2 - 2 at half - time and it would have been a different game . "
Winger Joe Cole , who only played a bit - part in South Africa , despite impressing in England 's warm - up games , confirmed there were " issues " that needed to be sorted out .
But asked whether Capello should stay as coach , Cole added : " I think that 's a question for the manager .
" He is a great manager and we have got great players .
There are issues we need to address but we 've all got to stick together .
" We have such high expectations .
We want to win the tournament and we did n't do that .
" We do feel we have let ourselves down , the manager and the fans . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ryan Smyth is out of the IIHF World Hockey Championship .
The Canadian captain missed Monday 's 6 - 1 win over Latvia due to an ankle injury and the team said after the game he would not return to the lineup for the rest of the tournament in Mannheim , Germany .
" It 's unfortunate that Ryan ca n't continue in this tournament , " Canadian general manager Mark Messier said in a statement .
" As everyone knows , Ryan is Captain Canada and has had a huge impact on this team , especially with our younger players . "
Smyth appeared to be favouring his left ankle or foot during Sunday 's practice , but said afterward that it was nothing serious .
He then missed Monday 's morning skate and coach Craig MacTavish said he would be a game - time decision .
" It 's difficult for he and us to take , but that 's hockey , " MacTavish said following Monday 's victory .
Canada was forced to play with just 11 forwards against the Latvians because it had already reached the maximum number of players it can register for the opening round .
It will be able to add up to two more skaters and one goaltender after facing Switzerland on Wednesday .
Junior forward Jordan Eberle has been with the team as an alternate and could be a candidate to be added to the roster at that point .
This English work table , circa 1815 , is a curious fusion of the refined neoclassicism of Robert Adam and the exotic eclecticism which emerged during the Regency period .
The finely carved tri-form giltwood stand , based on a Roman form , is typical of Adam ’s adaptation of the antique .
The use of composition was also favoured by Adam since , as with the present piece , it lends itself perfectly to the delicate decoration of this inventive version of the neoclassical .
In contrast , the use of faux bronze decoration applied to the composition , and the decorative use of rosewood in conjunction with gilt ornament are more typical features of Regency furniture .
Furthermore , it was also a Regency characteristic to employ finely tooled scarlet leather , such as that fitted to the interior of this piece .
The present piece can be closely compared to a ladies ’ work table in Buckingham Palace which , although officially attributed to the London firm Morgan and Sanders , is widely believed to be Viennese .
The piece in the Royal Collection has similarly outswept legs with hooved feet and a tri-orm plinth .
Although Morgan and Sanders patented a ‘ globe ’ library table in 1810 , in which the two upper quarters of the globe could be let down to reveal a writing surface above a storage well , the globe work table was essentially a Viennese development .
Surviving Viennese designs by Karl Schmidt depict models with a hemispherical flat top .
Gold Stones , Glass Houses
The Israeli government has it in for Richard Goldstone .
Ever since Goldstone , a Jewish South African judge , issued a report in September charging Israel ( and Hamas ) with war crimes during the January 2009 invasion of Gaza , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has attacked him — and his report — as a grave threat to Israel ’s legitimacy .
On Thursday , leading Israeli government officials escalated their campaign against Goldstone , accusing him of sending 28 black South Africans to their deaths while serving as a judge during the apartheid years .
“ The judge who sentenced black people to death … is a man of double standards , ” Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin proclaimed .
“ Such a person should not be allowed to lecture a democratic state defending itself against terrorists . ”
Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon insisted , “ This so - called respected judge is using this report in order to atone for his sins , ” likening Goldstone ’s statement that he was forced to uphold the laws of an unjust regime to “ explanations we heard in Nazi Germany after World War II . ”
And the newspaper Yediot Ahronoth declared breathlessly — with nods of approval from Jeffrey Goldberg and Jonathan Chait — that “ the man who authored the Goldstone report criticizing the IDF ’s actions during Operation Cast Lead took an active part in the racist policies of one of the cruelest regimes of the 20th century . ”
So did Israel ’s government .
Goldstone ’s apartheid - era judicial rulings are undoubtedly a blot on his record , but his critics never mention the crucial part he played in shepherding South Africa through its democratic transition and warding off violent threats to a peaceful transfer of power — a role that led Nelson Mandela to embrace him and appoint him to the country ’s highest court .
More importantly , Ayalon ’s and Rivlin ’s moralism conveniently ignores Israel ’s history of arming the apartheid regime from the mid-1970s until the early 1990s .
By serving as South Africa ’s primary and most reliable arms supplier during a period of violent internal repression and external aggression , Israel ’s government did far more to aid the apartheid regime than Goldstone ever did .
The Israel - South Africa alliance began in earnest in April 1975 when then - Defense Minister Shimon Peres signed a secret security pact with his South African counterpart , P.W. Botha .
Within months , the two countries were doing a brisk trade , closing arms deals totaling almost $ 200 million ; Peres even offered to sell Pretoria nuclear - capable Jericho missiles .
By 1979 , South Africa had become the Israeli defense industry ’s single largest customer , accounting for 35 percent of military exports and dwarfing other clients such as Argentina , Chile , Singapore , and Zaire .
High - level exchanges of military personnel soon followed .
South Africans joined the Israeli chief of staff in March 1979 for the top - secret test of a new missile system .
During Israel ’s 1982 invasion of Lebanon , the Israeli army took South African Defense Force chief Constand Viljoen and his colleagues to the front lines , and Viljoen routinely flew visiting Israeli military advisors and embassy attachés to the battlefield in Angola where his troops were battling Angolan and Cuban forces .
There was nuclear cooperation , too : South Africa provided Israel with yellowcake uranium while dozens of Israelis came to South Africa in 1984 with code names and cover stories to work on Pretoria ’s nuclear missile program at South Africa ’s secret Overberg testing range .
By this time , South Africa ’s alternative sources for arms had largely dried up because the United States and European countries had begun abiding by the U.N. arms embargo ; Israel unapologetically continued to violate it .
The blatant hypocrisy of the latest attack on Goldstone is nothing new .
In November 1986 , Benjamin Netanyahu , then Israel ’s U.N. ambassador , gave a stirring speech to the General Assembly denouncing apartheid and insisting that “ Arab oil producers provide the umbilical cord that nourishes the apartheid regime . ”
( Never mind that Israel remained absent from the 1980 U.N. vote to impose an oil embargo on South Africa in deference to its friends in Pretoria . )
Netanyahu was right that Arab and Iranian oil was flowing through middlemen to the apartheid regime , but he categorically denied Israel ’s extensive military and trade ties with South Africa , calling charges of lucrative arms sales “ flat nonsense ” and accusing his critics of trying “ to defame Israel . ”
In fact , Israel was profiting handsomely from selling weapons to Pretoria at the time .
Writing in the New York Times , Thomas Friedman estimated that the two countries did $ 400 mllion to $ 800 million of business in the arms sector in 1986 .
According to declassified South African documents , the figure was likely even greater : A single contract for modernization of South African fighter jets in the mid-1980s amounted to “ approximately $ 2 billion , ” and arms sales in 1988 — one year after Israel imposed sanctions against the apartheid regime — exceeded $ 1.5 billion .
As the former head of the South African Air Force Jan van Loggerenberg told me bluntly : “ Israel was probably our only avenue in the 1980s . ”
Declassified South African arms - procurement figures ( which exclude lucrative cooperative ventures and shared financing arrangements ) reveal the full extent of Netanyahu ’s lie .
The “ independent IMF figures ” he cited ( which excluded diamonds and arms ) suggested trade was a minuscule $ 100 million annually .
It was actually between five to 10 times that amount — depending on the year — making the apartheid regime Israel ’s second - or third - largest trading partner after the United States .
Not all of the weapons Israel sold were used in external wars , and there is no denying that Israeli arms helped prolong the rule of an immoral and racist regime .
Before casting stones from their glass house , Ayalon , Rivlin , and Israeli journalists would do well to examine — and acknowledge — their government ’s own shameful history of collaboration with the apartheid regime .
Sasha Polakow - Suransky is a senior editor at Foreign Affairs and author of The Unspoken Alliance : Israel ’s Secret Relationship with Apartheid South Africa .
Sign up here to receive the Middle East Channel ’s twice - weekly brief in your inbox , and follow the Middle East Channel on Twitter .
Hessens Regierungschef Ministerpräsident Koch tritt zurück
Paukenschlag in Wiesbaden : Roland Koch legt seine Ämter als Ministerpräsident und als CDU - Vize zum Jahresende nieder .
Er will sich " aus persönlichen Gründen " ganz aus der Politik zurückziehen - Parteifreunde sind bestürzt .
Dear Friends of Queen of the Sun ,
As important as the bees , are our seeds .
And the two are deeply interconnected .
We are very excited that Academy - Award winning actress Marisa Tomei , an advocate for humanitarian causes and the importance of healthy food , has joined us as Executive Producer for our new documentary , SEED !
After watching QUEEN OF THE SUN , Marisa contacted us out of the blue and asked us how she could help .
We ’re so honored to have Marisa ’s passionate support .
We are working together to help bring SEED to a wider audience .
Marisa shares her passion for seeds in our new Kickstarter video for our FINAL PUSH to bring SEED to completion .
This is a brand - new SEED movie trailer , and we ’re thrilled to share it with you !
In the past hundred years , 94 % percent of our seed diversity has been lost .
SEED : The Untold Story , a feature - length documentary film , tells the harrowing and heartening story of humans ’ 12,000 - year relationship with seeds .
As many irreplaceable seeds are nearing extinction , SEED unveils a David and Goliath battle for their future .
The film follows an absorbing journey into “ doomsday ” seed vaults , the colorful dedication of seed savers , and the world of indigenous tribes , who strive to protect our sacred seed ancestry .
SEED celebrates the mystery , power and essential nature of seeds .
Entertaining and engaging , SEED will ignite the imagination of audiences , inspiring them to be part of a brave new movement dedicated to safeguarding our world ’s sustainable future .
Please share this new video with your friends to help us finish SEED .
CLICK HERE to visit the official Kickstarter page and share the link with your community .
We want this film to be amazing .
The seed movement deserves no less .
Every dollar contributed here is deeply appreciated .
Kickstarter is all or nothing .
This means that to receive the money pledged we must meet our funding goal within the funding period .
Let ’s gather together to create an inspiring , uplifting film .
Warmly ,
Taggart , Jon and the SEED Team
Smuft Profile Blog Joined January 2003 Canada 318 Posts # 1
The reason I waited until now to update the community on what 's going on with this match is because I 've been trying to organize a replacement match between Idra who when presented witht he idea of a replacement match said " I will play anybody " and a top Korean protoss .
Unfortunately that was also not to be so as I can't find a protoss willing to play a top zerg in the most recent patch AND a few of Idra 's backers are not interested in backing him to play vs someone other than me .
So there are problems on both sides .
I guess I wanted to give something back to the community for taking this match away from them but unfortunately it was not to be so .
Maybe one day I 'll come up with something .
So that 's the end of that , I 'm gonna be focusing on the issues that prevented me from playing this match for a while and maybe get involved in SC2 again when I have less distractions .
I asked Idra about a week or so back to cancel this match and the bet due to personal reasons ; long story short lots of RL stuff going on and no desire or time to focus on competitive SC2 .
Idra was understanding to my situation and said " if you can't play , you can't play , no big deal " and that was the end of that .
The reason I waited until now to update the community on what 's going on with this match is because I 've been trying to organize a replacement match between Idra who when presented witht he idea of a replacement match said " I will play anybody " and a top Korean protoss .
Unfortunately that was also not to be so as I can't find a protoss willing to play a top zerg in the most recent patch AND a few of Idra 's backers are not interested in backing him to play vs someone other than me .
So there are problems on both sides .
I guess I wanted to give something back to the community for taking this match away from them but unfortunately it was not to be so .
Maybe one day I 'll come up with something .
So that 's the end of that , I 'm gonna be focusing on the issues that prevented me from playing this match for a while and maybe get involved in SC2 again when I have less distractions .
The power of Glenn Beck — today ’s show on Friedrich Hayek ’s The Road to Serfdom has blasted Hayek ’s classic to # 1 among all books sold at Amazon .
UPDATE — the Beck bandwagon :
— Hayek ’s The Fatal Conceit is # 61 .
— Hayek ’s The Constitution of Liberty is # 500 .
— Milton Friedman ’s Capitalism and Freedom is # 68 .
— Friedman ’s Free to Choose is # 229 .
— Henry Hazlitt ’s Economics in One Lesson is # 185 .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Attorney General Eric Holder said Sunday that the Justice Department was considering a federal lawsuit against Arizona 's new immigration law .
" We are considering all of our options .
One possibility is filing a lawsuit , " Holder told NBC 's " Meet the Press . "
Possible grounds for the lawsuit would be whether the Arizona law could lead to civil rights violations , he said .
The recently enacted Arizona law initially allowed police to ask anyone for proof of legal U.S. residency , based solely on a police officer 's suspicion that the person might be in the country illegally .
Arizona lawmakers soon amended the law so that officers could check a person 's status only if the person had been stopped or arrested for another reason .
Critics say the law will lead to racial profiling , while supporters say it involves no racial profiling and is needed to crack down on increasing crime involving illegal immigrants .
In Arizona , the city councils of Tucson and Flagstaff have decided to challenge the new immigration law in court .
Holder told ABC's " This Week " program that one concern about the Arizona law is that " you 'll end up in a situation where people are racially profiled , and that could lead to a wedge drawn between certain communities and law enforcement , which leads to the problem of people in those communities not willing to interact with people in law enforcement , not willing to share information , not willing to be witnesses where law enforcement needs them . "
" I think we could potentially get on a slippery slope where people will be picked on because of how they look as opposed to what they have done , and that is , I think , something that we have to try to avoid at all costs , " Holder added .
Holder said comprehensive federal immigration reform is the best approach for the problem of illegal immigrants crossing U.S. borders .
His stance echoed the approach favored by President Obama , who last week criticized the Arizona law and said he wants Congress to work on the issue this year .
Comprehensive immigration reform would include continuing government efforts to secure borders from illegal immigrants , as well as steps to crack down on businesses that employ them , Obama said at a Cinco de Mayo celebration at the White House .
In addition , he said , those living illegally in the United States would have to pay a penalty and any taxes they owe , learn English and " make themselves right with the law " before starting the process of gaining U.S. citizenship .
The June primary election , which brought mixed results , revealed deep anti-corporate and anti-establishment political cross currents among California voters .
No sooner the elections were over than Republican and Democratic victors for the U.S. Senate and governor seats launched what promises to be a slug fest with deep implications for the state and the nation as they head for the November general elections .
California is one of a handful of states with a Senate seat critical to the outcome of the November congressional mid-term elections .
The elections could tip the legislative and political balance in the country in either a progressive or a reactionary direction .
After personally pouring millions into their own campaigns , two mega-rich , former high tech industry CEOs , Carly Fiorina of Hewlett - Packard and Meg Whitman of eBay , ran away with the Republican nominations for U.S. Senate and for governor , respectively .
Fiorina poured $ 5.5 million of her own money during the primary , and is expected to personally contribute handsomely to her campaign during the general election .
Whitman , who personally sank $ 71 million during the primary , is expected to do no less going into the November general election .
Fiorina ’s net worth is estimated at $ 100 million and Whitman ’s at $ 1.3 billion .
Incumbent U.S. Senator Barbara Boxer and state Attorney General Jerry Brown , former governor running again for the same position , easily won the Democratic primaries with little opposition .
“ We always thought this was going to be a challenging race , and now it ’s clear this is going to be the toughest Boxer campaign yet , ” the incumbent ’s campaign manager predicted a few weeks ago .
The fight to re-elect Senator Boxer , a liberal in the Democratic camp , along with increasing the Democratic majority in the Senate and the House , is critical to moving the agenda of President Barack Obama and the progressive social movements backing him .
A loss for Boxer , if combined with Democratic losses in other contested congressional races in the country , could stall the progressive agenda , and open the right wing door to reversing the modest but significant legislative advances made over the last year .
While personal wealth and lavish corporate donations are expected to favor Republican contenders , Boxer and Brown will be counting on an army of volunteers generated by the labor movement and other progressive social movements , many of which already have declared their support for the Democratic candidates .
Both Republican candidates portray themselves as political “ outsiders ” and tout the innovative capacities of the high tech industry from which they emerged .
They say they can bring the industry ’s efficiencies and inventiveness to a government overwhelmed with debt and partisan gridlock , trim government spending and its workforce .
At the same time , they promise to deliver jobs , as Fiorina says , “ by creating the conditions by which business can flourish . ”
The morning after the election , Boxer accused Fiorina of creating jobs “ in China , in India , in Europe , ” but not in California .
While paying lip service to the job concerns uppermost in voters ’ minds , the Republican contenders are gambling that voters will fall for their arguments that somehow the culture of the high tech industry is people - friendly , unlike most other corporate culture .
But their logic may be a stretch that the Democratic candidates may well be able to use to their advantage .
The outcome of the vote on the propositions showed a marked anti-corporate slant among Californians , reflecting the national public disgust with big banks , energy giants and insurance companies .
Proposition 16 , the deceptively called “ Taxpayer Right to Vote Act , ” went down to defeat despite a no holds barred advertising campaign by its promoter , for - profit private energy giant Pacific Gas & Electric ( PG&E ) .
PG&E poured more than $ 46 million while the opposition raised a scant $ 101,400 .
The initiative would have required a two - thirds majority vote of local voters before a local community could form or expand a public electric power utility , or purchase power from an independent operator , circumventing PG&E .
The super - majority vote requirement could have hampered the efforts of existing municipal districts to create and deliver clean , green and affordable energy , according to John Geesman , former commissioner with the California Energy Commission .
Also trounced was Proposition 17 , which would have penalized car owners with higher premiums once they resume insurance coverage after a lapse of more than 90 days during the previous five years .
Mercury insurance , Prop.17 ’s principal promoter , tried to sell the initiative to the voter by emphasizing the “ continuous coverage ” discount car owners would receive when they switch to the new car insurer .
The passage of Prop.14 , while reflecting the anger of a majority of people towards the political establishment , may well have the opposite effect to that intended by voters .
All candidates will participate in a single June primary , open to all voters regardless of party affiliation , in which the top two finishers , regardless of party , advance to the general election runoff in November .
This would apply to candidates running for congressional , statewide and legislative offices .
Spearheaded by Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , the stated aim of the initiative is to elect more “ moderates ” to office and bypass the “ partisan ” wrangling .
The American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California Board of Directors voted overwhelmingly in February to oppose Prop. 14 “ based upon the ACLU ’s strong interest in the value and rights of political parties , including third parties , ( and ) the potential infringement upon these parties ’
First Amendment rights of association . ”
The measure is opposed by both major parties as well as third parties in California , all of which are considering legally challenging the new law , which would go into effect in 2012 .
With the top two contenders , regardless of party , being the only ones competing in the November election , the measure will essentially knock out third party candidates given the financial and organizational edges of the two major parties .
Now that the measure passed , the Republican Party is considering deploying a primary caucus nomination system in which assigned delegates will select the party ’s nominees for Congress , statewide offices , the Board of Equalization and the Legislature .
At least in the case of the Republican Party , voters affiliated with that party will be circumvented in the election process .
The nonpartisan Center for Government Studies concluded recently that more than a third of all congressional and legislative races could result in runoffs between candidates of the same party , and that nearly all of these would be between two Democrats .
In closely contested races between two Democrats , Republican and right - leaning , decline - to - state voters could conceivably swing the elections to the more conservative candidate .
While most experts are waiting to see how the law will play out , the actual effect may turn out to be not what the voters intended – to expand their democratic rights .
Photo : Sen. Barbara Boxer speaks at a construction site in Orinda , Calif. , June 3 . Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP
Last year , right before the season was complete , I took a look at the forwards in the NHL that were playing the tough minutes .
The entry 's title , " The Best " , has a double meaning : first , it 's meant to show which forwards are playing the best opponents possible ; second , it 's meant to show my belief that the best players in the NHL are the ones that are able to outscore the tough minutes .
For those unfamiliar with the quality of competition metric , please visit the always - educational Behind The Net Hockey and Gabriel Desjardins ' FAQ on QualComp .
QualComp is important because it shows which forwards are playing the toughest minutes night in and night out .
These forwards are the men entrusted with not just shutting down the opposition , a phrase beloved by hockey fans and media , but outscoring the toughest competition , a phrase that should be much , much more important to hockey fans and hockey media .
Limiting the opposition 's best in terms of chances is always a good idea , but the impact players , the players that bring true value to a team , are those that can outscore the opposition in any circumstance at even strength .
There are other factors that can bring context to the performance of these players , but the list that follows after the jump is a simple look at the forwards that have taken on the tough minutes for three consecutive years and their performance against that competition in a very narrow view : even strength outscoring .
I 'll add context in the coming weeks .
There are sixteen forwards that have played the tough minutes each of the last three years .
Broken out by position they are :
This is a select , though varied , group as Centers make up nine of the sixteen men on the list .
Twelve of the sixteen are first line players , traditionally known as " scoring line " players .
The specifics are in the chart below , broken out by scoring differential per fifteen even strength minutes , approximately the minutes per game of a top line forward .
Out of the sixteen tough minutes forwards , eleven have been able to outscore their opponents over the last three years .
While there are a few bargains , this group is a very expensive one .
Pavel Datsyuk and Henrik Zetterberg continue to be the gold standard of forwards in the NHL .
Datsyuk 's even strength +/- is astounding considering his nightly competition .
The underlying secret of the Detroit model is n't saving on goaltending or drafting Swedes in the sixth round -- it 's having a pair of forwards that can destroy the other team 's best players season after season .
I said last year that I was stunned that Stephen Weiss was the 4th - best player on the list .
This year , he 's up to 3rd .
I took a deeper look at Weiss and noted that he was outscoring the biggest names in the game each year and I still find it hard to believe just how good Weiss is and how under - recognized he is .
Scott Gomez takes a beating from NHL fans for his lack of goal - scoring and Bob Gainey took a beating for the trade that he made to acquire Gomez , but Gomez is the goods .
He may not score goals , but his defensive prowess and playmaking ability are top notch .
His performance in New York was supposed to be a by - product of Henrik Lundqvist , but the numbers in Montreal show differently .
Gomez is an even strength demon .
Jochen
Hecht is one of those bargains on this list .
Though he 's thought of as a role player in a very specifically defined and extremely narrow scope , in reality , Hecht is an excellent even strength player .
The bottom of the list contains three centers that have been asked to do some near - impossible work on pretty bad teams and their results are very similar .
Adding context to the list shines a much brighter light on Shawn Horcoff , Samuel Pahlsson and Jay McClement .
The above list raises a question .
If you knew that you could sign an NHL forward and had knowledge that he would outscore the tough minutes for three seasons in a row , how much would that forward be worth ?
If you had the ability to see into the future , are these guys worth a contract near the cap ?
Why or why not ?
How much more valuable is player that is n't scoring goals , but is still beating the other team 's best , like Scott Gomez than a player that is popping in 35 goals per year , but is n't playing the best compeition , like Jeff Carter ?
Finally , how likely is it that the players on the above list will continue to play the tough minutes ?
How likely is it that they will continue to outscore the tough minutes ?
In the article last year , I looked at forwards that had turned the trick two years running .
Here is that list :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
It 's the only disease that humankind has successfully wiped out - and the eradication of smallpox was brought about by Edward Jenner .
He famously vaccinated a young boy against the deadly disease back in 1796 .
He did this by taking some fluid from a blister the hand of a milkmaid , Sarah Nelmes , who 'd contracted a similar but milder condition called cowpox , from a cow called Blossom .
He then inoculated his gardener 's son , James Phipps , with the pus .
Phipps was later exposed to smallpox but proved to be immune .
Jenner was n't the first to discover vaccination - but he quickly spread the word .
During the 20th century an estimated 300 - 500 million people died from smallpox .
The characteristic rash appeared on the body and face , often leading to severe scarring and blindness .
There was cultural and religious resistance to the vaccination campaigns .
But the disease - which only occurred in humans - was finally declared free from smallpox by the World Health Assembly on 8 May 1980 .
There are two samples of smallpox still in existence , held in freezers under tight security in the USA and Russia .
WHEN the good artichokes start arriving , I try to come up with something new to do with them .
This year , I turned to a time - honored technique , just one I ’d never applied to artichokes .
It will be a permanent addition to my repertory .
I began by cutting off the prickly ends on the tops , then cut the artichokes in half , vertically .
Then I used a spoon to dig out the choke , the fuzzy part above the heart .
I pulled off the toughest outer leaves , and trimmed the bottom with a paring knife .
Do not cut off any more of the bottom than you need to , because in a good artichoke , it ’s as good as the heart .
As each half was ready , I put it , cut side down , in a large skillet filmed with butter .
Oil is fine if you pick one that tastes good .
When they were all in , and browned , I added stock ( one time I added stock and white wine , which was just as good , and one time wine and water , which was almost as good ) , covered the pan , and cooked them , turning once .
When the artichokes were done , after about 20 minutes , I removed them from the pan , reduced the liquid , added some lemon and a little more butter , and used this as a sauce .
The whole process was not a lot more difficult or time - consuming than steaming , but the results are fabulous .
The United States is n't the only country with a hip hop - loving president .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin is a vocal supporter of both the music and culture , and has been honored for his involvement by Muz TV , which is a rival of Russian MTV .
Putin has been nominated for the " Event of the Year " award at Muz TV's Russian Street Awards , for his appearance at Muz TV's " Battle for Respect , " where he crowned the champ , rapper Zhigan .
" Although rap is kind of rough , it has a social message dealing with the problems of the young , " Putin explained , while presenting .
He also praised graffiti for being " fine and elegant , " and b- boying for being a positive activity for the country 's youth .
" I do not think that ' top - rock ' or ' down - rock ' break dance technique is compatible with alcohol or drugs , " Putin announced to a cheering crowd .
For the " Event of the Year " award , Putin will be competing against the Hip - Hop City Splash 2009 Festival , and the breakup of popular Russian rap group Centr .
The award ceremony will take place on April 21 in Moscow .
We 're rootin ' for Putin ( sorry ) .
K3 b 2.0 released with Platform 4 and Blu-ray goodness
28 June , 2010 .
Today the reformed K3b team within the KDE Community is proud to release the final 2.0 of the premier disk recording application , codenamed “ Komeback ” .
Although pre-release versions have already enjoyed widespread adoption , we 'd like to recap some of the highlights of this release .
K3 b 2.0 marks the last milestone in the effort to port one of the most popular disk recording applications to KDE 's current Platform 4 .
Although some parts still use legacy libraries , the application takes advantage of the new platform and integrates better with it .
Solid , the KDE hardware layer , is now used for hardware detection .
On the interface front K3 b 2.0 is a direct port of its KDE3 predecessor .
The overall look remains the same but it now uses modern widgets .
For example , file browser shows a list of KDE 's global Places and takes advantage of the breadcrumb bar .
The icons have also been updated to match the rest of the Oxygen theme .
With a few exceptions , K3b keeps feature - parity with 1.0.x series , but it also introduces a number of new features .
Perhaps the biggest among these is support for Blu-ray drives .
Additionally a lot of work have been put into improving the overall user experience .
Some work - flows have been merged abstracting it for all kinds of media .
K3b team has worked hard to achieve maximum stability of the application , with over 250 bugs being closed during the pre-release period .
This process will continue as bug - fixing versions will be released during development of K3 b 2.1 .
Changelog ( since 1.0.5 )
In an entirely related and on - topic note : when searching for a funny clip or image to add to a Futurama thread , do not Google the phrase " confident , powerful strokes of the ass . "
I think I need a shower ... and an eyeball bleaching .
Standoff between 3 lions and 300 buffalo .
Filmed in Tanzania
Found this on treehugger .com just now .
It is an anonymous expert speaking in oil rig vernacular ( NSFW ) about booming to trap oil .
Turns out that BP has no clue .
That 's a shock , ai n't it ?
The expert starts at about 1:50 and this short course in proper booming technique will make you angry and sad .
Why this information is not all over the news is Beyond Pathetic .
Estate Planning , Tax Relief and Bankruptcy Lawyer Serving the Greater Palm Springs Area and the Inland Empire
At the Law Offices of Robert L. Firth , we believe in helping people overcome seemingly impossible life circumstances .
We understand that life can throw you unexpected curveballs .
Our firm is dedicated to providing you with peace of mind .
If your problem is solvable , we will solve it .
If you are dealing with cumbersome debts and creditor collection actions , then our Palm Springs bankruptcy attorney can help you determine the most effective debt relief options for your situation .
Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 bankruptcy filings issue an automatic stay that will stop most credit collection activities , including wage garnishments and foreclosure .
If your case is successful , then you may be able to discharge some or all of your debts .
We can also help you determine if you are eligible to discharge past due income taxes in bankruptcy .
If you tax debt ca n’t be discharged , we will assist you with an Offer in Compromise , Payment Plan to the IRS or First time Penalty tax Abatement .
4 years old boy almost falling to ground , saved by a store owner in the mall .
Istanbul / Turkey
Image caption
As a UK MEP , Mr Griffin is entitled to attend a garden party
British National Party leader Nick Griffin has said he intends to accept an invitation to attend a garden party at Buckingham Palace this summer .
He received the invitation in his capacity as a member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) - all UK MEPs are asked as a matter of course .
Mr Griffin was set to attend a similar party last year but pulled out after an outcry over his possible appearance .
A Labour MP has described the idea of Mr Griffin attending as " sickening "
Mr Griffin failed in his attempt to win a seat at Westminster in last month 's general election and the party 's share of the vote fell sharply compared with its performance in European elections a year earlier .
Guest tickets
British MEPs get tickets to one of three royal garden parties held every summer .
Buckingham Palace confirmed that Mr Griffin had been invited but did not say to which of the events .
Mr Griffin said he planned to go along , telling the BBC that the " the sky would n't fall in " if he did so .
The BNP leader will be accompanied by family members after his request for three additional guest tickets was granted .
It sickens me that Nick Griffin has used his position as an elected representative to secure an invitation to Buckingham Palace Margaret Hodge , Labour MP
Labour MP Margaret Hodge , who defeated Mr Griffin at the election , said she was dismayed at the prospect .
" It sickens me that Nick Griffin has used his position as an elected representative to secure an invitation to Buckingham Palace , " she said .
" The best way to deal with the BNP is the way we dealt with them in Barking & Dagenham , which is to beat them at the ballot box . "
The BBC's Royal Correspondent Peter Hunt said critics had so far stopped short of calling on royal officials to reconsider inviting him .
However , he added that for the second time in a year what is a genteel social occasion - whose participants reflect the diversity of the UK 's population - is taking on a political dimension .
' Stunt '
Although Mr Griffin was not an MEP at the time , he was invited last year as a guest of BNP colleague and London Assembly member Richard Barnbrook .
The possibility of him being present prompted widespread criticism , with London Mayor Boris Johnson saying the BNP leader would use the event as a " political stunt " .
Mr Griffin said he could have secured a " great deal of publicity " by attending but had decided against it - although he described political reaction to the issue as " hysterical " .
The BNP , which has two MEPs , is accused of stirring up racial hatred but the party says it is standing up for Britain 's " indigenous population " .
It has campaigned for an end to all future immigration and for the " voluntary resettlement " of non-white British citizens to their country of ethnic origin .
In the document outlining the coalition agreement that the Conservatives and the Lib Dems signed up to there is a startling little paragraph in the section headed " Political Reform . "
" Legislation will be brought forward to make provision for fixed - term Parliaments of five years .
This legislation will also provide for dissolution if 55 % or more of the House votes in favor . "
If ...
Face Memory Test
Skills like memory are the first to go when we 're tired .
This test assesses your ability to remember how long ago something happened - your ' temporal ' memory .
If you 're tired you wo n't be as good at remembering when you saw or did something .
The test is in three parts and we suggest you take a five minute break in between each part .
The volcano has become more active in recent days
Hundreds of transatlantic flights have been cancelled or delayed by a cloud of ash from an Icelandic volcano drifting south over Western Europe .
Sixteen Spanish airports - including the international hub , Barcelona - are closed , with many flights being re-routed around the affected area .
Some areas of northern Italian airspace will be closed on Sunday morning , with Milan Bergamo among airports affected .
On average , 600 airliners make the Atlantic crossing every day .
Spain 's national airport management agency Aena said the airports affected were Barcelona , Girona , Sabadell , Santiago , La Coruna , Vigo , Asturias , Santander , Burgos , Leon , Bilbao , San Sebastian , Vitoria , Huesca , Pamplona and Logrono .
The Spanish government said there was a chance the 1,200 mile ( 2,000 km ) long cloud could still affect the country next week .
" We do n't rule it out and we will make alternative plans , " Transport Minister Jose Blanco told a news conference .
He added that extra places on long - distance trains would be made available , and extra buses and boats were being laid on .
In the UK , some flights to Spain , France and Portugal were being affected .
At London Stansted , 22 Ryanair flights to the Canary Islands , mainland Spain and Portugal were cancelled , along with three EasyJet flights .
Flights from Gatwick to Portugal , Alicante and Madrid were cancelled and at Heathrow some flights to La Coruna in northern Spain were also grounded .
Ryanair said that it expected flights to Milan 's Bergamo airport to be disrupted by ash on Sunday morning .
Italy 's civil aviation authority ENAC said some northern Italian airspace would be closed from 0800 - 1400 ( 0600 GMT to 1200 GMT ) , but Venice would remain open .
Last month , thousands of travellers were stranded after ash shut down airspace across Europe for five days .
Recent images have shown activity in the Eyjafjallajokull volcano intensifying .
Experts at the UK's Met Office said it was sending ash up to heights of 30,000 ft ( 9,100 m ) .
Flights across Ireland and parts of the UK were disrupted earlier this week .
Back in the 1980s , before the variable New Energies – most notably wind and solar – commonly sent the electricity they generate to the grid , they were labeled “ intermittent ” and the perception developed that they are undependable because “ the sun does n’t always shine and the wind does n’t always blow . ”
That is about as relevant a way to think about solar and wind today as is Madonna ’s cone bra a way to think about today ’s women ’s lingerie .
Anybody who says wind and sun will not be substantial sources of power generation until there is adequate and economic storage for them is either uninformed or an adversary .
The proof is what is happening with wind in Denmark , in Spain , in Iowa and in Texas .
A recent study from the U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) found that by 2017 the U.S. grid will be ready to utilize enough wind power to generate 30 % of its electricity , along with enough solar energy to meet another 5 % of the demand on it – WITHOUT any storage .
In fact , the study found that under current circumstances no large scale storage – even pumped hydro storage ( PHS ) , the most cost effective right now – would be economically advantageous .
( See OVER A THIRD OF POWER FROM NEW ENERGY – STUDY )
One day last month , Texas got 14 % of its power from wind energy - generated electricity , despite the fact that there is no storage .
But that ’s just the beginning .
Last year , Iowa got a daily average of 14 % of its power from wind for the whole year .
Denmark got 20 % of its power from wind last year .
And one day this year Spain got over HALF of its electricity from wind power .
Spain ’s New Energy installed capacity grew astonishingly fast in the 2005 - to - 2008 boom period .
Its generation potential is so big that , when all factors are favorable , it tests the limits of what a system can do with New Energy and raises anew the question of storage .
Even the NREL study suggests that the over - 50 % - levels of New Energy Spain is consuming might benefit from storage that is economically viable .
Which is why – as detailed in Wind - Hydro Integration : Pumped Storage to Support Wind by Iberdrola engineers Fernando Perán Montero and Juan J. Pérez , Iberdrola – Spain ’s biggest wind developer and one of the biggest in the world – has already built hundreds of megawatts of pumped storage and is committed to building thousands more .
:: continue : :
Schematic of the concept ( click to enlarge )
For pumped hydro storage , water is pumped uphill using excess electricity at low , off - peak prices .
It is held in a reservoir .
When there is an increase in energy demand , the water is released to flow downhill .
The energy of the flowing water is recaptured to generate high - price , peak - demand electricity with a traditional hydroelectric mechanism that puts turbines into the water ’s flow .
According to the report , Iberdrola ’s experience with its 635 - megawatt La Muela pumped - storage plant in Spain has proven that , second to naturally occurring hydroelectric resources of which there are few remaining development opportunities , pumped storage is the most cost effective way to “ firm ” wind ’s variability .
Iberdrola is now building an 852 - megawatt La Muela 2 facility in Spain and , by 2018 , will have 1,750 megawatts of electricity storage in Spain and Portugal .
Interesting aside :
At levels of New Energy up to 35 % , the NREL report found grid operators only had to ( 1 ) expand the region from which they draw wind and solar power , ( 2 ) make power purchases more frequently than every hour , ( 3 ) utilize advanced forecasting capabilities , and ( 4 ) increase the use of demand response ( DR ) programs .
Storage and new transmission would not cost effective .
The energy that would most benefit from more storage capacity ( and new transmission ) is nuclear , because it only has two speeds , full and off .
Nuclear plants would therefore become significantly more cost effective if it could store power during off - peak hours when prices are low and do its planned servicing shutdowns during peak periods .
Since the so - called “ nuclear renaissance ” has been most stymied by the skyrocketing costs of new plants , the availability of economically viable storage would dramatically lower nuclear ’s calculated levelized cost of electricity ( LCOE ) and thereby likely attract potential investors .
Iberdrola ’s 635 - megawatt La Muela pumped storage facility ( click to enlarge )
This post is based on Wind - Hydro Integration : Pumped Storage to Support Wind by Fernando Perán Montero and Juan J. Pérez ( June 1 , 2010 , HydroWorld )
Click thru for more on this and more NewEnergyNews
If Cats Could Talk
Last night Will did a convincing godzilla impression , Ray did a near perfect scarface impression and Raf struggled to act human .
Alt - Text : Sometimes I swear I can hear a cat 's thoughts .... ' Go away . '
0
UFC middleweight Yoshihiro Akiyama is not pleased with the UFC ’s decision to replace the injured Wanderlei Silva with Chris Leben .
Akiyama has even gone as far as to say that he may pull out of the event altogether .
The always controversial Akiyama actually called out Silva for this bout and is understandably upset that a years ’ worth of training for the biggest fight of his career has in essence gone down the drain .
“ I am not pleased with the change .
There are just ten days left until the contest for me to determine [ Leben ’s ] threats and the time is insufficient to establish a tailored game plan , ” Akiyama stated to Korean website Daum.net .
“ Leben is also not as high - profile as [ Wanderlei ] Silva and that does not help me .
“ If there is to be a replacement , I was hoping for a big name . ”
Some would even say that Akiyama is lucky to even have an opponent at UFC 116 , which was only 13 days away from the moment that Silva was removed from the card .
Leben is coming off of a win over Aaron Simpson at “ The Ultimate Fighter 11 Finale , ” which took place on June 19th .
That means that he only has 14 days to prepare himself for another fight .
Akiyama then proceeded to drop a bomb that most likely wo n’t make UFC brass too happy .
“ I spent one year preparing hard for this fight and this news has come as a big disappointment , my motivation has waned .
I do not know yet what will happen . …
In the worst case , I will not take part in the [ UFC 116 ] event .
We are working hard to resolve this issue , ” said Akiyama .
The countdown is on to find out if UFC 116 still has a co-main event to flank the UFC heavyweight title bout between Brock Lesnar and Shane Carwin .
( Thanks to our friends at Fighter ’s Only for the translation )
This post is very disturbing .
Please skip it if you are nervous or very impressionable .
First BP suicide ?
Obama ' to blame ' for death of man ruined by oil leak
President Obama was last night under fire on several fronts as he was personally ' blamed ' for the suicide of a fisherman who is believed to have killed himself over the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
Allen Kruse , 55 , shot himself in the head after seeing the charter boat business he ran for 26 years ruined by the disaster .
' Upset ' : Charter boat captain Allen Kruse , who committed suicide yesterday after allegedly becoming distraught over the BP oil spill
Friends blamed Mr Obama and the U.S. government for supposedly allowing BP to get away with putting profits before safety , leading to the Deepwater Horizon rig exploding .
One said the Obama administration had 'as good as put the finger on the trigger ' .
Another insisted : ' President Obama is absolutely to blame for this and the rest of the government has to shoulder some of the burden too . '
The latest crisis came as the President struggled to deal with the fallout from sacking General Stanley McChrystal over his controversial comments in Rolling Stone magazine , which hits newsstands today .
White sands turned black : Crews work to clean up oil washed ashore at Pensacola Beach in Florida yesterday
Criticised : President Barack Obama was accused of mishandling the oil crisis
Mr Obama had hoped his quick decision to axe the top commander in Afghanistan would reassert his authority and give much - needed momentum to his stalling presidency .
He is also expected to experience a rough ride at the G8 and G20 summits of world leaders in Canada today and this weekend over moves by European countries , including the UK , to slash their budget deficits .
In a fresh blow a Wall Street Journal poll , conducted before the McChrystal affair broke , yesterday showed the President 's popularity has sunk to its lowest level since he entered the White House .
Some 62 per cent feel the country is on the wrong track and just one - third think the economy will get better over the next year , a seven - point drop from a month ago and the low point of Mr Obama 's tenure .
Any hopes of a smooth ride from McChrystal 's successor , General David Petraeus , were immediately dashed as he backed the President 's plan to withdraw troops from Afghanistan next year , to the dismay of some politicians and military chiefs .
Next week he faces a Senate confirmation hearing where he will be questioned in depth on the Afghanistan campaign , although his approval is expected to be a formality .
Meanwhile , a former commander of British forces in Afghanistan warned the departure of General McChrystal was a ' significant setback ' .
Colonel Richard Kemp , who led British forces in 2003 , said : ' President Obama was certainly entitled to fire him , but it might have been better if he had kept him on .
Damage : A group of baby brown pelicans huddle together in a holding pen before volunteers can clean them
' His departure is n't a disaster , particularly as his replacement is such a respected figure , but it is a significant setback .
' It comes at a difficult time for the mission when the surge needs to be driven forward .
' The Taliban have already taken advantage to put some pretty slick propaganda , so it is a setback . '
By Ricardo Alarcón , president of Cuba ’s National Assemby
I. Remember Elian ?
“ It takes all the running you can do ,
to keep in the same place ” -- Through the Looking Glass
May 29 , 2010 --
The case of Elian González , a six - year - old boy abducted by his unknown - to - him great - uncles and against the will of his father , in clear defiance of US law and decency , was widely reported by the media around the world .
Miami , the place of the kidnapping , became a kind of secessionist city in North America when the mayor , the chief of police , the politicians , every newspaper and local radio and TV broadcasters , together with religious and business institutions , joined notorious terrorist and violent groups in opposing court and government orders to free the boy .
It was necessary for a special forces team sent from Washington DC to launch a surreptitious and swift operation to occupy several houses , disarm the heavily armed individuals hidden there and in the neighbourhood to save the child and restore law .
Everybody followed that story .
Day in and day out .
But practically nobody knew that , at the very same time , in exactly the same city , Miami , five other young Cubans were arbitrary deprived from their freedom and subjected to a gross miscarriage of justice .
Gerardo Hernández , Ramón Labañino , Antonio Guerrero , Fernando González and René González were detained in the early hours of September 12 , 1998 , and locked for the next 17 months in punishment cells , in solitary confinement .
The main accusation against them -- as recognised by the prosecutors and the judge from their indictment to the last day of the trial -- was that they had peacefully , with no weapons , penetrated anti-Cuban terrorist groups with a view of reporting their criminal plans to the Cuban government .
Was it conceivable to have a fair trial in Miami for any Cuban revolutionary facing such an accusation ?
Could that happen while the kidnapping of Elian was going on with its surrounding atmosphere of violence , hatred and fear ?
According to the prosecution it was perfectly possible .
In their words Miami was “ a very large , diverse , heterogeneous community ” capable of handling any sensitive issue even those involving the Cuban Revolution .
They repeated that line when rejecting the more than ten motions presented by the defence lawyers requesting a change of venue before the start of the trial .
The same government that was obligated to deal with Miami as a sort of rebel city and to sent there secretly its forces to restore legality , lied repeatedly on the venue issue denying the defendants a right so cherished by Americans , and refused to move the proceedings to the neighbouring city of Fort Lauderdale , half an hour away from Miami .
Ironically a few years later , in 2002 , when the government was the object of a civilian complaint of an administrative nature , of far lesser significance - later resolved by an out of court settlement , and only indirectly related to the Elian case , they asked for a change of venue – to Fort Lauderdale – affirming that “ anything related to Cuba ” was impossible to get a fair trial in Miami .
( Ramírez vs. Ashcroft , 01-4835 Civ-Huck , June 25 , 2002 )
Such a flagrant contradiction , a clear proof of prosecutorial misconduct , of real prevarication , was one of the main factors leading to the unanimous decision of the Court of Appeals panel , in 2005 , to vacate the convictions of the Five and order a new trial .
( Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit , No. 01-17176 , 03-11087 ) .
That historical decision was later reversed by the majority of the entire court under the pressure of Attorney General Alberto González in an action that went contrary to the normal US legal practice .
Mr. González successful move , one manifestation of his peculiar legal philosophy , foreclosed the possibility of a just resolution of this case in manner that would have honour the United States .
The panel decision , an exceptionally sound and solid 93 pages document including irrefutable facts about the half century old terrorist war against Cuba , remains an outstanding moment in the best US tradition and will continue to be a text to be analysed with respect by scholars and law school students .
But that ’s another chapter in the long saga of the Cuban Five .
Elian is about to finish high school and continues to attract the attention of foreign media and visitors who keep going to Cardenas , the beautiful town where he lives .
When travelling towards Elian ’s home they will be surprised by billboards demanding freedom for five youngsters they never heard off before .
In Leonard Weinglass words :
The trial was kept secret by the American media .
It is inconceivable that the longest trial in the United States at the time it was taking place was only covered by the local Miami press , particularly where generals and an admiral as well as a White House advisor were all called to testify for the defence .
Where was the American media for six months ?
Not only was this the longest trial , but it was the one case involving mayor issues of foreign policy and international terrorism .
The question should be directed to the American media , with continues to refuse to cover a case with such gross violations of fundamental rights , and even violations of human rights of prisoner .
( www.antiterroristas.cu, September 12 , 2003 ) .
Elian was saved because Americans knew about his case and got involved and made justice prevail .
The Five are still incarcerated – it will be 11 years next September – victims of a terrible injustice , because Americans are not permitted to know .
The Cuban Five are cruelly punished because they fought against terrorism .
They are heroes .
But forbidden heroes .
II .
Justice in Wonderland
“ Sentence first -- verdict afterwards ” Alice ’s adventures in Wonderland , Lewis Carroll
Having been defeated on the issue of venue the outcome of their trial was predetermined .
It will go strictly in accordance with the Queen ’s prophecy .
The American media played a very important two - pronged role .
Outside Miami it was and it continues to be how Weinglass so aptly described contrasting sharply with their role within Dade County , both offering an impressive show of discipline .
The local media nor only intensively cover the case but intervened actively on it as if they were part of the prosecution .
The Five were condemned by it even before they were first indicted .
Very early in the morning on Saturday , September 12 , 1998 , each media outlet in Miami was talking , without breathing , about the capture of some “ terrible ” Cuban agents “ bent to destroy the United States ” ( the phrase that prosecutors love so much and will repeat time and again during the entire process ) .
“ Spies among us ” was the headline that morning .
At the same time , by the way , the Miami FBI chief was meeting with Licoln Díaz - Balart and Ileana Ross Lehtinen , representatives of the Batista–terrorist gang in federal Congress .
An unprecedented propaganda campaign was launched against five individuals who could not defend themselves due to the fact that they were completely isolated from the outside world , day and night , for a year and a half , in what is accurately described in prison jargon as the “ hole ” .
A kind of media circus has surrounded the Five since they were detained all the way until now .
But only in Miami .
Elsewhere in the United States they have only gotten silence .
The rest of the country does not know much about this case and is kept aside , on the dark , as if everybody accepted that Miami – that “ very diverse , extremely heterogeneous community ” as described by his DA – belongs to another planet .
That could have been a reasonable proposition if it were not for some rather embarrassing facts recently discovered .
The media people involved in the Miami campaign - “ journalists ” and others - were paid by the US government , were in its payroll as employees of the radio and TV anti-Cuban propaganda machine that has cost many hundreds of millions of US taxpayer ’s dollars .
Without knowing it Americans were forced to be very generous , indeed .
There is a long list of “ journalists ” from Miami who covered the entire trial of the Cuban Five and , at the same time , were receiving juicy federal checks ( for those interested , all the names and what they got for their “ work ” is on www.freethefive.org).
The Court of Appeals decision on 2005 provides also a good summary of this propaganda campaign before and during the trial .
That was one of the reasons leading the panel “ to vacate the convictions and order a new trial ” .
Miami was not a place to have even the appearance of justice .
As the judges said “ the evidence submitted in support of the motions for change of venue was massive ” .
( Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit , No. 01-17176 , 03-11087 )
Let ’s clarify something .
Here we are not talking about journalists in the sense Americans outside Miami may be thinking of .
We are referring to Miami “ journalists ” , something quite different .
Their role was not to report the news but to create a climate guaranteeing conviction .
They even called for public demonstrations outside the office of defence counsel and harass prospective jurors during the pre-trial phase .
The court itself expressed concern about the “ tremendous amount of requests for the voir questions in advance of their been asked , apparently destined to inform their listeners , including members of the venire , of the questions prior to the time they are posed to them by the Court ” .
We are talking about a bunch of individuals who harassed the jurors , following them , with cameras , through the streets , filming their car licences and showing them on TV , tracking them inside the court building , down to the jury room ’s door , during the entire seven months trial proceedings , all the way to the last day .
Judge Leonard more than once protested and begged the government to stop such a deplorable masquerade .
She did that at the very beginning of the trial , on several occasions thereafter and until the very end .
To no avail .
( Official transcripts of the trial , p. 22 , 23 , 111 , 112 , 625 , 14644-14646 ) .
The government was not interested at all in having a fair trial .
During the jury selection process it was very keen in excluding the majority of African - American prospective jurors .
It also excluded the three individuals who did n’t manifest strong anti Castro sentiments .
By that time Elian González has been rescued but he was very much in the minds of the jurors .
As one of them said during voir dire : “ I would be concerned about the reaction that might take place … I do n’t want rioting and stuff like that to happen like what happened in the Elian case ” .
Or in the words of another : “ I would be a nervous wreck if you wanted to know the truth … I would have actual fear for my own safety if I did n’t come back with a verdict that was in agreement with the Cuban community ” .
In that ambience of fear begun the longest trial at the moment in American history .
And the one that the big media “ chose ” to ignore .
III .
The face of impunity
As they recognised during voir dire , the kidnapping of Elian González and its consequences for the community was very much in the minds of those chosen to be jurors at the trial of the Cuban Five a few months after the six year old boy was rescued by the federals .
Like everybody else they had followed the events related to Elian which saturated the news .
The faces of the kidnapers , their promoters and supporters , as well as others involved in the scandal have become quite familiar to the jury members .
The faces , and two features of the Elian drama with a unique character and a direct connection with the process of the Five Cubans .
First , the perplexing behaviour of every Miami public official , from its federal congress member , the mayor and the city commissioners to firefighters and members of the police force , who openly refused to obey the law and did nothing to put an end to the most publicised case of child abuse ever to occur .
And , second , but not less astonishing , that nothing happened to a group of individuals that so clearly had violated the law with the abduction of a child and the violence and disturbances they spread over the town when he was saved by the federal government .
Nobody was prosecuted , arrested , or fined .
No local authority was dismissed , substituted or invited to resign .
The Elian case demonstrated how anti-Castro impunity reign over Miami .
When the jurors sat first at the court room to do their citizens duty they were probably surprised .
There , live , were the “ Miami celebrities ” that they have been so accustomed to watch , day and night , on local TV .
And they were together , sometimes smiling and embracing each other , as old pals .
The kidnapers and the “ law enforcement ” guys hand and glove with the prosecutors ( those valiant people who never show up when a little boy was being molested in front of the media )
The jurors spent seven months in that room looking at , and being watched by the same people so acquainted to them who now were at the witness stand , at the public area or at the news corner , the same people they will find frequently at the parking lot , at the building entrance , at the corridors .
Some now and then proudly showing the attire used at their last military incursion to Cuba .
The jurors heard them explaining in detail their criminal exploits and saying time and again that they were not talking about the past .
It was an odd parade of individuals appearing in a court of law and recognising their violent actions against Cuba that were planned , prepared and launched from their own neighbourhood .
There , making speeches , demanding the worst punishment , slandering and threatening the defence lawyers .
The judge did what she could to try to preserve calm and dignity .
She certainly ordered the jury , many times , not to consider certain inappropriate remarks , but by so doing their prejudicial and fearsome effects could not be erased from juror ’s minds .
The consequences were obvious .
The Court of Appeal panel ’s decision stated it in clear terms :
“ The evidence at trial disclosed the clandestine activities of not only the defendants , but also of the various Cuba exile groups and their military camps that continue to operate in the Miami area .
The perception that these groups could harm jurors that rendered a verdict unfavorable to their views was palpable ” ( Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeal , No. 01-17176 , 03-11087 ) .
Bur there was more .
After hearing and seeing the abundant evidence of terrorist acts that the defendants had tried to avert , the government succeeded in defending the terrorists by having the court inexplicably agreeing to take from the jury the right to exonerate the Five on the basis of necessity which was the foundation of their defence .
The heart of the matter , in this case , was the need for Cuba to protect its people from the criminal attempts of terrorists who enjoy total impunity on US territory .
The law in the United States is clear : if one acts to prevent a greater harm , even if he / she violates the law in the process , he will be excused from any criminality because society recognises the necessity –even the benefit - of taking such action .
The United States , the only world superpower , has interpreted such universal principle in a manner leading to war in faraway lands in the name of fighting terrorism .
But at the same time it refused to recognise it to five unarmed , peaceful , non-violent persons who , on behalf of a small country , without causing harm to anybody , tried to avoid the illegal actions of criminals that have found shelter and support in the US .
The US government , through the Miami prosecutors , went even farther , to the last mile , to help those terrorists .
They did it very openly , in writing and with passionate speeches that curiously were not considered newsworthy .
That was happening in 2001 .
While the Southern Florida prosecutors and the local FBI were very busy harshly punishing the Cuban Five and protecting “ their ” terrorists , the criminals preparing the 9/11 attack had been training , unmolested , in Miami for quite some time .
They should have had a good reason to prefer that location .
IV .
In their own words
The disproportionate prison terms imposed on the Cuban Five – Gerardo Hernandez Nordelo ( two life terms plus 15 years ) , Ramón Labañino Salazar ( one life term plus 18 years ) , Antonio Guerrero Rodríguez ( one life term plus 10 years ) , Fernando González Llort ( 19 years ) and Rene Gonzalez Sehwerert ( 15 years ) – contrast sharply with those applied in recent years in the United States on other persons accused of truly practicing espionage , sometimes at an uncommon scale , and even on some tied to violent armed actions against the United States .
None of them was condemned to life sentences ; all of them received lesser sentences than the Cuban Five , some have already served their sentences and are free and others , convicted of espionage , have had their charges withdrawn by the Obama administration and were set free .
The excessive nature of the sentences of the Five is an indication of the vengeful political motivation of the whole trial , as are the conditions of their incarceration , including the very serious obstacles for family visits that go to the extreme of having always denied visas to Gerardo and Rene ’s wives .
But there is an even more revealing aspect demonstrating that the purpose of the US government was to give shelter and protect anti-Cuban terrorists , to prevent their sinister plans from being discovered , thus becoming accomplice and cover - up for their future outrages .
For the Bush administration that was as important , or more , than the extravagant years of incarceration .
That was what the prosecutors said , vehemently and in rather graphic terms , when asking the court for an additional punishment : “ incapacitation ” .
What does that mean ?
In their own words , for the government it was essential to ensure that these five individuals , after serving their prison terms , could never again do anything that may affect the activities of the terrorists who operate in Miami under the protection of the US government .
To guarantee that , the prosecutors requested , and the court granted , specific provisions on each sentence , making certain that , after completing their entire period of incarceration , even one and more life terms , the defendants will be prevented from trying to do what they did prompting their imprisonment .
Gerardo , Ramón and Fernando were born in Cuba and as undesirable aliens , after terminating their prison terms will be immediately expel from the US territory .
That was specifically incorporated in each of their sentences including Gerardo ’s , who after spending in prison 15 years of his second life will immediately be deported ( transcript of sentencing hearing before the Honorable Joan A. Lenard , December 12 , 2001 , page 93 ) .
René and Antonio posed a particular problem .
Having been born in Chicago and Florida , respectively , they are both US citizens by birth and cannot be forced to leave the country .
That called for a more imaginative thinking and inspired rhetoric on the part of the prosecutors .
And they showed plenty of both .
A more precise and candid explanation of “ incapacitation ” was required .
First came René , sentenced “ only ” to 15 years .
The prosecutors expressed plainly their grave concern with the prospects of a still young man getting free and going back attempting to do again what he had done .
The court , conceding to the government anxiety , added this peculiar requirement to René ’s sentence : “ As a further special condition of supervised release the defendant is prohibited from associating with or visiting specific places where individuals or groups such as terrorists , members of organisations advocating violence , and organised crime figures are known to be or frequent . ”
( Transcript of sentencing hearing before the Honourable Joan A. Lenard , December 14 , 2001 , pages 45 - 46 ) .
And then it was the turn of Antonio Guerrero , who had already received a life plus 10 years in prison .
The prosecutors had to employ all the resources of their eloquence .
For the government “ incapacitation ” was of paramount importance .
It could not take any chances and when Antonio faced the court on December 27 , 2001 it was added to his sentence , word by word , the same “ special condition ” imposed previously to René .
All that happened in December 2001 , just three months after the horror of 9/11 .
Since that fateful day George W. Bush became famous calling for an all out war against terrorists and anybody that gives them any kind of help .
Just one quotation from his repetitive parlance : “ Any government that supports , protects or harbours terrorists is complicit in the murder of the innocent and equally guilty of terrorist crimes . ”
We have to take George W. Bush at his own words .
( P.S. In October 2011 René González will have completed his prison term if his defence does not succeed in getting him out before .
In any case he will be on supervised release during the current administration .
Will President Obama try to “ incapacitate ” him ?
Shall René still be prohibited from doing anything to disturb the terrorists where they are “ known to be or frequent ” ? )
V. ` Spies ’ without espionage
The first indictment in September 1998 charged the Cuban Five of being unregistered Cuban agents and of other minor violations .
The government also charged three of them – Gerardo , Ramón and Antonio – with “ conspiracy to commit espionage ” ( Count two of the indictment ) .
Prosecutors did n’t accuse any of them of actual espionage for a very simple reason : there was not such a thing and thus it could never be proven .
The prosecutors went even farther .
At their opening statement they warned the jury not to expect them to present any secrets or anything of that sort .
The only thing the prosecution needed was to “ convince ” the jurors that the defendants were really bad people capable of conceiving an attempt to endanger the national security of the United States sometime in a hypothetical future .
And , they argued , the defendants had to get the most severe punishment possible because they were the really bad guys disrupting the peace and tranquillity in Miami .
Remember Elian ?
In order to achieve that goal the prosecutors , notwithstanding what their own indictment said , made the most inflammatory kinds of statements at trial , accusing the Five of no less than trying “ to destroy the United States ” and reminding the scared jurors that if they failed to condemn them they will “ betray the community ” .
The media did the rest of the job .
They have always portrayed the Cuban Five as “ spies ” or as people accused of being “ spies ” .
The media went into overdrive in performing their task .
They keep repeating the same tune even after the en banc Court of Appeals unanimously determined in September 2008 that there was no evidence that the accused had “ gathered or transmitted top secret information ” or that they had damaged the national security of the United States and thus it decided that the sentences for Charge 2 ( conspiracy to commit espionage ) were erroneous , it vacated them and remanded Ramon and Antonio for re-sentencing ( Eleventh Circuit Appeals Court , No. 01-17176 , D.C Docket No. 98-00721-CR - JAL , pages 70 - 81 ) .
Nevertheless , even though it acknowledged that the same procedure should be applied to Gerardo , in an astounding act of judicial discrimination , the court refused to do so adducing that a life sentence was already weighing against him .
As a matter of fact , it was very easy to realise that in this case no secret or military information was involved and that the national security of the US was never affected .
That was what the Pentagon said , in clear , plain language before the trial started .
That was the testimony , under oath , by Admiral ( R ) Eugene Carroll ( official transcripts pages 8196 - 8301 ) , Army General ( R ) Edward Breed Atkeson ( Idem pages 11049 - 11199 ) , General and former Commander of Southern Command Charles Elliot Wilhelm ( Idem pages 11491 - 11547 ) , Air Force Lieutenant General ( R ) James R. Clapper ( Idem pages 13089 - 13235 ) .
Their testimonies were not secret , but were made voluntarily in open court .
Probably such a parade of distinguished and decorated military chiefs sustaining the innocence of some young Cuban revolutionaries has not happen before a US Court of law .
This did n’t make the news out of Miami , but the official transcripts of the trial are there for anybody to read .
Since the Cuban Five were condemned there have been other cases whose results sharply contrast with theirs .
Let ’s very briefly consider a few of them .
Khaled Abdel - Latif Dumeisi , accused of being an unregistered agent of the Saddam Hussein government , was sentenced in April 2004 , in the middle of the US war with Iraq , to three years and 10 months in prison .
Leandro Aragoncillo was found guilty in July 2007 of transmitting secret national defence information of the United States ( around 800 classified documents ) obtained from his office in the White House , where he worked as military assistant to Vice Presidents Al Gore and Dick Cheney .
Mister Aragoncillo was sentenced to 10 years in prison while his co-conspirator Michael Ray Aquino got six years and four months .
Gregg W. Bergersen , a Defence Department analyst was found guilty in July 2008 of providing national defence information to unauthorised persons in exchange for money and gifts and was sentenced to four years and nine months in prison .
Lawrence Anthony Franklyn , a US Air Force Reserves colonel , working in the Defence Department was found guilty of giving classified and national defence information , including military secrets , to representatives of a foreign government and was sentenced to 12 years and seven months .
But he never entered a federal prison .
He was free while appealing and last May the Justice Department dropped the charges that sustained his case .
It goes without saying that none of the cases referred to above were tried in southern Florida or involved any attempts to frustrate criminal plans .
The Cuban Five got , together , four life terms plus 77 years .
They did n’t work at the White House , or the Pentagon , or the State Department .
They never had or sought access to any secret information .
But they did something unforgivable .
They fought anti-Cuban terrorism and they did it in Miami .
VI .
Indictment à la carte
More than seven months after the Cuban Five were arrested and indicted a new charge was presented by the US government .
Again , the charge was one of “ conspiracy ” , but this time to commit murder in the first degree and was brought specifically against one of the Five , Gerardo Hernández Nordelo .
The new indictment came after a public campaign in Miami actively promoted by “ journalists ” on the US government payroll , including reports about meetings in public places attended by well - known Cuban exile leaders , US prosecutors and FBI officials , in which the accusation against Gerardo was openly discussed .
It became a clear demand by the most violent groups in town and was a central focus of the local media .
The government acquiesced to the demand and introduced the second superseding indictment whose essential new feature was adding this “ crime ” to Gerardo 's list of charges .
This was a political concession to anti-Cuban terrorists , who were seeking revenge for the downing by Cuba ’s Air Force , in February 24 , 1996 , of two airplanes ( Model O2 used by the US Air Force first in Vietnam and later in El Salvador wars , as was concretely the case with these two planes ) piloted by members of a violent anti-Cuban group , an event that had taken place two years before the Cuban Five were detained , when those airplanes were within Cuban airspace .
The timing was very suspicious , indeed .
According to information provided by the government at trial , the FBI had found the real nature of Gerardo ’s revolutionary mission in Miami and was monitoring him and controlling his communications with Havana at least a couple of years before the downing of the planes .
If that incident was a result of a “ conspiracy , ” in which Gerardo was a key participant , why was n’t he arrested in 1996 ?
Why was this issue not even mentioned in September 1998 when he was first detained and indicted ?
The planes belonged to a group led by José Basulto , a veteran CIA agent involved in many paramilitary actions since 1959 , included the Bay of Pigs invasion and a number of assassination attempts on Fidel Castro .
In the 20 months preceding the incident , this group had penetrated Cuban airspace 25 times , each one denounced by the Cuban government .
After so many diplomatic démarches the US government wanted to appear responsive .
It initiated an investigation about those flights , asked for Cuba ’s help in providing details of previous provocations , acknowledged their receipt and thanked for them .
On February 24 , 1996 such administrative proceedings had not been completed , but later Mr. Basulto was deprived by the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) of his pilot license and he does n’t fly anymore ( at least legally ) .
The provocateurs had blatantly announced that they will continue making illegal flights into Cuba ’s airspace and even proclaimed that the island , which was at the time suffering its worst crisis ever – worse in economic terms , that the Great Depression , according to a UN report – was not able to respond to their illegal incursions .
In January , Mr. Basulto brought with him an NBC TV crew from Miami who filmed and broadcasted how they overflew downtown Havana throwing out propaganda and other materials .
Cuba made it public that such provocations will not be tolerated anymore , made the proper notifications to all that may be concerned , including the US government , the State Department and the FAA , which in turn warned Basulto and his group that they should refrain from such flights .
The alleged “ conspiracy ” was in itself a monumental stupidity , incomprehensible to any rational mind .
It supposed that the Cuban government had decided provoke an all - out war with the United States , a military confrontation that obviously would have resulted in a terrible blow not only for the Cuban government , but for the entire nation and its people .
In any crime motivation is always a key factor , a decisive cue .
What could have been Cuba ’s motivation to provoke such an event precisely at that moment , the most risky for the survival of our country without allies or friends in a world and a hemisphere under the full control of the United States in 1996 ?
Cuba did exactly the opposite .
It denounced one by one , each provocation to the FAA and to the International Civil Aviation Organisation ( ICAO , the UN family institution dealing with these matters ) and sent dozens of diplomatic notes to the State Department .
But Cuba went farther .
It did his best to reach out to the highest level of the US Administration , the White House , trying to prevent more incidents .
The New Yorker issue of January 1998 dedicated to Cuba on the occasion of the Pope ’s visit included a serious article in which a fairly objective account of those efforts by Cuba can be found .
( Carl Naguin , “ Annals of Diplomacy Backfire ” , the New Yorker , January 26 , 1998 , http://www.newyorker.com/archive/1998 )
Yes , there was a conspiracy to provoke the tragedy of February 24 , 1996 .
But it was the entire and exclusive work of the same Miami groups that have launched a half - century terrorist campaign against Cuba , the same gang that will afterwards kidnap Elian Gonzalez , a six - year - old boy .
Events from which they always came out with impunity .
VII .
It happened in Miami
The Court of the Southern District of Florida is not an international tribunal , neither is it a UN body having jurisdiction on matters affecting relations between countries .
It has a very specific duty , which is to determine if a particular defendant is guilty or not of a concrete charge .
In instructing the jury in the case of Gerardo Hernandez , the court recalled the language of the government ’s indictment : “ Count 3 charges that defendant Gerardo Hernandez conspired with other persons to perpetrate murder , that is , the unlawful killing of human beings with malice aforethought and premeditated intent in the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States . ”
( Transcript of Trial before the Honourable Joan A. Lenard , June 4 , 2001 , pages 14587 – 14588 )
Judge Lenard pointed out that Gerardo : “ Can be found guilty of that offence only if all of the following facts are proved beyond a reasonable doubt .
First .
That the victims named in the indictment are dead .
Second .
That the defendant caused the death of the victims with malice aforethought .
Third .
That the defendant did so with premeditated intent .
Fourth .
That the killing occurred within the special maritime or territorial jurisdiction of the United States . ”
( Idem pages 14598 – 14599 ) .
She elaborated further :
To kill with malice aforethought means to kill another person deliberately and intentionally …
Killing with premeditated intent is required in addition to proof of malice aforethought in order to establish the offence of first degree murder .
Premeditation is typically associated with killing in cold blood and requires a period of time in which the accused deliberates or thinks the matter over before acting .
It must be long enough for the killer after the intent to kill , to be fully conscious of the intent .
You are instructed that the location of the alleged murder , as described in the indictment , if you find beyond a reasonable doubt that such offence occurred there , would be within the special maritime or territorial jurisdiction of the United States .
( Idem pages 14599 – 14600 ) .
Such a crime had never occurred .
During seven months of trial the prosecutors failed to provide any piece of evidence implicating Gerardo in the tragic event of February 24 , 1996 , nor could they demonstrate , “ beyond a reasonable doubt ” , the exact location of the incident – something that ICAO experts had already failed to determine .
It should be noted , however , that Cuban radars showed clearly the shoot - down taking place well inside our territory , that the only remnants were found very close to Havana waterfront and that the US coast guard , having failed to find anything in the international area , asked on February 25th officially through the State Department for Cuba ’s permission to search within our territorial waters .
The local media – the same government - paid “ journalists ” that had fabricated the accusation in Count 3 – became nervous and even announced an imminent defeat .
A few days earlier , as soon as the judge made it known to the parties her instructions to the jury , the prosecutors took what they described as “ the unprecedented step of petitioning ” – to the Court of Appeals – “ for a writ of prohibition ” because “ in light of the evidence presented in this trial , this [ the instructions to the jury ] presents an insurmountable hurdle for the United States in this case , and will likely , result in the failure of the prosecution on this count ” ( Emergency Petition for Writ of Prohibition , May 30 , 2001 , pages 4 and 21 ) .
After recognising again that the instruction “ imposes an insurmountable barrier to this prosecution ” the government asked the Court of Appeals to urgently decide :
That the district court be ordered to instruct the jury that it is not necessary for the jury to find that defendant Hernández or his co-conspirators in Count Three of the indictment agreed that the murders would occur in the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States .
That the district court be prohibited from giving the pattern jury instruction on first degree murder and from instructing the jury that it must find that defendant Hernandez conspired to commit premeditated murder . ” ( Idem , page 39 )
The Court of Appeals denied the emergency petition and accordingly the district judge maintained her instructions as quoted above .
Some on the defence team were jubilantly celebrating a victory that was anticipated even by the prosecutors .
But it took the jurors a few minutes , without asking any questions , to find Gerardo guilty of conspiracy to commit murder in the first degree in the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States , a “ crime ” that he did not commit and which the prosecutors had desperately tried to withdraw .
That happened in Miami .
In Miami , it is normal to kidnap with impunity a six - year - old boy , so why should it be difficult to condemn a young man for a “ crime ” that did n’t occur ?
VIII .
Pryor ’s judgement
When the historic unanimous decision was reversed at the urging of George W. Bush 's attorney general ( Remember Elian ? , CounterPunch , August 11 , 2009 ) , the same three - judge panel was to hear the remaining issues other than venue , which had been the one upon which they had expressed their landmark opinion .
However , in the meantime , one jurist , the oldest and most liberal , had retired and somebody else was designated to substitute for him .
The one chosen for that role was a Bush recess appointee , William H. Pryor , whose nomination , described as “ one of the most contentious in recent history ” , had provoked uproar in the Senate , which confirmed him over the opposition of 45 Senators .
( For a detailed investigation into Pryor 's legal career see Jeffrey St. Clair 's Pryor Unrestraint , CounterPunch , June 14 , 2003 . )
Senator Kerry , claimed that the new judge “ has been a constant advocate for scaling back constitutionally guaranteed rights ” with his “ consistent pursuit of extreme and incorrect legal views … as a result our Federal judiciary will have less ability to protect the constitutional rights we hold so dear ” ( Congressional record , Senate June 14 , 2005 ) .
Pryor was criticised by some major newspapers , and was described as a “ right wing zealot not fit to judge ” .
In summing up his pedigree Jeffrey St. Clair writes : “ he goes much , much farther than even many of the most extreme ideologues in his party ” ( “ Pryor Unrestraint ” , CounterPunch , June 14 , 2003 ) .
Mr. Pryor wrote the opinion for the court rejecting the other issues presented by the defence in language that at times was closer to a slanderous anti-Cuban vulgar diatribe than to the balanced , sober style of the judiciary ( even some well - known terrorists , rightly described as such by the previous panel , were now transmuted into patriotic freedom fighters ) .
Interestingly the accusation of “ spying ” was so clumsily fabricated and the Miami trial included other wrongs so obvious that even Pryor had to agree with the other two judges in vacating the sentences of three of the defendants .
( " Spies Without Espionage " , CounterPunch , August 28 - 30 , 2009 ) .
This time the panel was divided on a very crucial point :
Count three , conspiracy to commit murder .
One of the judges , J. Birch , while concurring with Pryor ’s opinion recognised that “ this issue presents a very close case ” and reiterated “ that the motion for change of venue should have been granted ” adding that “ the defendants were subjected to such a degree of harm based upon demonstrated pervasive community prejudice that their convictions should have been reversed ” ( US Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit N. 01-17176 , DC Docket No. 98 - 00721 CR - JAL , Page 83 ) .
Judge Phillys Kravitch , in an impressive 15 - page dissent , demonstrated the terrible injustice committed by her colleagues against Gerardo Hernández .
She pointed out :
A country cannot lawfully shoot down aircraft in international airspace , in contrast to a country shooting down foreign aircraft within its own territory when the pilots of those aircrafts are repeatedly warned to respect territorial boundaries , have dropped objects over the territory , and when the objective of the flights is to destabilize the country ’s political system .
Thus , the question of whether the Government provided sufficient evidence to support Hernández ’s conviction turns on whether it presented sufficient evidence to prove that he entered into an agreement to shoot down the planes in international , as opposed to Cuban airspace ” ( Idem Pages 94-95 ) .
and in this regard “ the Government cannot point to any evidence ” ( Idem Page 98 ) .
But beyond the issue of the location of the incident “ the Government failed to provide sufficient evidence that Hernández entered into an agreement to shoot down the planes at all .
None of the intercepted communications the Government provided at trial show an agreement to shoot down the planes .
At best , the evidence shows an agreement to ' confront ' BTTR planes .
But a ' confrontation ' does not necessarily means a shoot down . ”
To prove her point she referred to testimonies and videotapes presented at trial :
This evidence demonstrates the obvious : there are many ways a country could “ confront ” foreign aircraft .
But the Government presented no evidence that when Hernandez agreed to help “ confront ” BTTR that he agreed confrontation would be a shoot down .
To conclude that the evidence does show this goes beyond mere inferences to the realm of speculation …
Because so much evidence points towards a “ confrontation ” other than a shoot down , I cannot say that a reasonable jury – given all the evidence – could conclude beyond a reasonable doubt that Hernandez agreed to a shoot down .
( Idem Pages 96 - 97 )
It was so obvious that the government itself had recognised the point in an “ unprecedented ” emergency petition to that very Court of Appeals : to demonstrate Gerardo ’s invented guilt on such a fabricated crime constituted an “ insurmountable obstacle ” for the prosecution .
Such would have been the case with “ a reasonable jury ” in any other venue .
But not in Miami , where the intimidated jurors where surrounded at the court room by a bunch of individuals who proclaimed their terrorist exploits and were able to kidnap Elian Gonzalez , always with total impunity , and joined the government in demanding the worst punishment for Gerardo .
That could have been understood by any reasonable jurist .
But not by a “ right - wing zealot not fit to judge . ”
Somebody at the White House was happy .
His appointee served him well .
Gerardo got his two life sentences confirmed with the reluctant and paradoxical vote of a judge , Birtch , who insisted that all of the Five “ convictions should have been reversed ” and a dignified lady who maintained her dissenting voice : “ the Government presented no evidence ” to sustain its accusation .
After Pryor ’s shame judgement , the Cuban Five appealed to the en banc court .
This time they were not contesting an unanimous and well founded decision – as the Government did in 2005 – but one clearly unfair and prejudicial that had sharply divided the panel on Count Three , with Kravitch rejecting it with impeccable consistency and Birtch – after recognising her arguments , but ignoring the presumption of innocence and his own “ reasonable doubts ” – strangely decided to join Pryor ’s pro-government stance and neocon logic .
But this time the Court of Appeals confirmed the disputable conclusions of the panel .
The Atlanta judges even forgot that it was to them that the same government had made an “ emergency petition ” admitting that it had failed to prove Gerardo ’s guilt .
IX .
The unheard call
Having exhausted their appeal efforts , the Cuban Five petitioned the Supreme Court to review their case .
They were not asking too much .
It was a case deserving the attention of the Justices for a number of reasons , some of a really exceptional nature .
All along the legal process – one of the most prolonged at the time in US history – a number of constitutional rights were violated , as well rulings which contradicted with the holdings in other circuits – which are considered to be the main business of the Justices – on important issues such as venue , racial discrimination in jury selection , sentencing , and defendants and defence lawyers ’ rights .
It was a case , furthermore , having a direct connection with terrorist groups and their activities within the US territory – at a time when terrorism was supposed to be the biggest issue – and with clear implications in terms of international relations ; a case in which generals and top military chiefs and even a president ’s special advisor had appeared on the witness stand .
It had the distinction of being unique in several respects .
The original Court of Appeals panel ’s unanimous determination , after having examined all aspects of the case for several years , to set aside all the convictions and order a new trial , was in itself unique , as was the 93 - page document explaining the ruling .
Very exceptional was the US government decision , taken at the highest level , to demand the court to reverse the decision and very rare getting the court agreeing to such an uncommon petition .
On the other hand , it is not a regular thing for an appellate judge to ask the Supreme Court to review a case , much less to do so twice as did Judge Birch , who repeated that demand while strangely joining Judge Pryor in his shameful judgement .
It was unique also in terms of concern and interest all over the world .
In 2005 , prior to the determination of the appeal ’s court panel , a very important and also unique decision was unanimously adopted by the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention .
This is a completely independent entity , not an intergovernmental body , with five judges – one for each continent – not representing any UN member state and conducting themselves exclusively in a personal capacity .
The UN group studied the situation of the Five at the request of their wives and mothers .
The group spent several years researching the case in its entirety and interacting with the US in official correspondence .
The Cuban government was never consulted , as it should not be , because Cuba was not a party to that process .
It was a history - making decision .
The UN group concluded that the deprivation of liberty for the Five was arbitrary and in contravention of the relevant UN Human Rights Conventions and called on the government of the United States to take steps to remedy the situation .
The group stated that : “ the trial did not take place in a climate of objectivity and impartiality which is required ” and “ the Government [ of the United States ] has not denied that the climate of bias and prejudice against the accused in Miami persisted and helped to present the accused as guilty from the beginning .
It was not contested by the Government that one year later it admitted that Miami was an unsuitable place for a trial where it proved almost impossible to select an impartial jury in a case linked with Cuba . ”
“ The Government had not contested the fact that defence lawyers had very limited access to evidence because of the classification of the case by the Government as one of national security ” which “ undermined the equal balance between the prosecution and the defence and negatively affected the ability [ of the defence ] to present counter evidence . ”
The UN experts noted that the accused “ were kept in solitary confinement for 17 months ” , and as a consequence “ communication with their attorneys and access to evidence and thus , possibilities to an adequate defence were weakened . ”
In conclusion they determined that these “ three elements , combined together , are of such gravity that they confer the deprivation of liberty of these five persons an arbitrary character ” ( Report of the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention E/CN.4/2006/7/Add.1 at p. 60 , Opinion No. 19/2005 – United States of America ) .
This was the first and only time in the history of the United States and in the history of the United Nations that a UN body had found a trial process in the US to be unfair and contrary to universally established standards of human rights and international law .
But that finding of five independent judges , none of them , by the way , a leftist or a radical , was not easily available in the US media and most Americans probably have never heard of it .
Many Americans do not know about the Cuban Five because they have not been permitted to know .
Not only was the long trial of the Cuban Five maintained in the dark , Americans have not even been allowed to know that this case has been very much in the minds of many millions around the globe .
The big corporate media that did n’t report their legal battle threw a similar curtain of silence around the wide , ever growing , movement of solidarity that the Cuban Five have received practically everywhere from Ireland to Tasmania , from Canada to Namibia .
Churches , parliaments , human rights organisations , labour unions , writers , lawyers and peoples from all walks of life have expressed their concern and interest in all languages , English included .
But the Supreme Court did not bother to listen .
X . An insult to humanity
On March 6 , 2009 , 12 separate amicus briefs were presented in support of the Cuban Five ’s petition for certiorari before the Supreme Court , the largest number of amicus filings ever to have urged Supreme Court to review a criminal conviction .
Eight briefs were submitted by institutions or persons based on the United States : National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers ; Florida Association of Criminal Defence Lawyers , Miami Chapter ; National Jury Project ; National Lawyers Guild and National Conference of Black Lawyers ; William C. Velazquez Institute and Mexican American Political Association ; Civil Rights Clinic at Howard University School of Law ; Center for International Policy and Council on Hemispheric Affairs ; and one amicus brief submitted by Professors Nelson P. Valdés , Guillermo Grenier , Félix Masud - Piloto , José A. Cobas , Lourdes Arguelles , Rubén G. Rumbaut and Louis Pérez , distinguished Cuban - American scholars , authors of some of the most important books about the Cuban emigration to the US .
The support from around the world was really impressive .
It included :
An amicus presented by ten Nobel Laureates : José Ramos - Horta ( President of the Republic of East Timor ) , Wole Soyinka , Adolfo Pérez Esqivel , Nadine Gordimer , Rigoberta Menchú , José Saramago , Zhores Alferov , Darío Fo , Günter Grass and Máiread Corrigan Maguire .
Another brief was submitted by a record number of legislators from every corner of the world , including the entire Senate of Mexico and the National Assembly of Panama , both having discussed and unanimously decided to join .
Also by Mary Robinson , former President of Ireland and United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights ; dozens of members of the European Parliament from every political group , including three current vice - presidents and two former Presidents and hundreds of lawmakers from Brazil , Belgium , Chile , Germany , Ireland , Japan , Mexico , Scotland and the United Kingdom .
This document added similar appeals by other Nobel Laureates , Archbishop Desmond Tutu and Harold Pinter , and by the Latin - American Council of Churches , the Permanent Conference of Latin- American and Caribbean political parties , the Latin - American Parliament as well as other regional legislative bodies and specific resolutions of support approved by national parliaments from Namibia , Mali , Russia , Mexico , Brazil , Bolivia , Venezuela , Peru , Ireland , Switzerland and Belgium , among many others .
Two separate amicus came from a wide spectrum of lawyers ’ organisations and personalities :
One was submitted by the Ibero - American Federation of Ombudsman , the Order of Attorneys of Brazil , the Belgium bar association , the Berlin and other German bars , the International Federation for Human Rights and a number of religious , legal , human rights organisations , law professors , and lawyers from Argentina , Chile , Colombia , Ecuador , Germany , Japan , Mexico , Panama , Portugal , Spain and the United Kingdom .
Among the personalities signing it were Federico Mayor Zaragoza , former director - general of UNESCO , and Judge Juan Guzmán Tapia of Chile .
The other amicus was presented by the International Association of Democratic Lawyers , the American Association of Jurists , the Indian Association of Lawyers , Droit Solidarité , the Haldane Society and other legal organisations from Italy , Japan , the Philippines , Portugal and Belgium .
A number of US lawyers volunteered in drafting those papers ( as required by law ) , consulting and coordinating with the many individuals involved and presenting the briefs on time and with due respect to the technical and other parameters that the court has established .
Every individual or institution submitting an amicus brief had to identify himself / herself with specific data , to sign it personally and pay a filing fee .
Pursuant to Rule 37.6 of the court “ no counsel for a party has authored this brief , in whole or in part .
No person or entity other than amici curiae , or its counsel have made any monetary contribution to the preparation or submission of this brief . ”
It was a hell of a work for which many people deserve being recognised .
All the amicus briefs , along with a complete list of the amici can be found on SCOTUS blog ( www.scotusblog.com) and on www.antiterroristas.cu.
We shall never know what the justices or their clerks thought , if anything , about those documents .
Nobody knows if they even glanced over them .
The amici did n’t get an answer or a single comment -- not even a clerk ’s receipt note .
Nobody knows either how the Justices pronounced themselves regarding the petition for certiorari .
We only learned that on June 14 the petition of the Cuban Five was thrown out with the other petitions the court had decided not to hear .
A famous Mexican poet once defined US imperial attitude with the melding of two words : arrogance and ignorance .
It appears that the court , supremely , epitomises both .
XI . Mission impossible ?
When the Supreme Court decided not to hear the Cuban Five petition , the Justices acted exactly as requested by President Obama ’s solicitor general , showing that on this issue , there has been no change , certainly not a change we can believe in .
The Supreme Court last June 14 simply joined the other two branches of government in demonstrating their hostility towards the Cuban people .
During the 1990s this official animus , had among its main features their connivance with a terrorist campaign that has cost lives , caused human suffering and material damages , which the US instead of preventing – as was its obligation – tolerated or promoted .
Immediately after the break up of the Soviet Union , Cuba entered an extremely severe economic crisis , worst for us than the Great Depression of 1929 .
It was precisely the time chosen by the US to strengthen its economic blockade as reflected in the Torricelli Amendment ( 1992 ) and the Helms - Burton Act ( 1996 ) .
The trio – Torricelli , Helms and Burton – replying to those objecting the illegal extraterritorial legislations assured their colleagues that it was the last year of the government led by Fidel Castro .
Others made easy money in those days publishing cheap texts , announcing with specific datelines the inevitable end of the Cuban Revolution .
It became an uncontested dogma for many scholars , politicians and journalists and a source of encouragement for those who have actively sought revenge for decades .
Some , unsatisfied with what they perceived as Washington ’s insufficient aggressiveness , tried to make a final assault on the abandoned , isolated island .
Paradoxically in September 1994 and May 1995 , Cuba and the US succeeded in negotiating new migration accords in an exercise of quiet private diplomacy that involved the commitment to move towards the lifting of the embargo and a promise to curb terrorist actions against Cuba .
It was then that Mr. Basulto and his cohorts ramped up their airborne incursions .
Basulto was very open in explaining his intentions .
The alleged “ humanitarian ” nature of their previous flights – to help undocumented Cubans to enter the US – had disappeared with the new US policy , since May 2 , 1995 , to send them back to the Island .
From that day on , as recognised by Basulto , the flights would continue and be multiplied with a subversive purpose .
Almost daily he was on the media announcing the next provocation and proclaiming that Cuba was so weakened by the economic crisis that it could not protect its borders or even impede him to overfly downtown Havana as he did on more than one occasion .
The US authorities knew what he and his group were doing , as it was known by anybody having a TV set because the provocations were filmed and reported live by the Miami local stations of national TV networks .
In 1995 and early 1996 we made our outmost to persuade Washington to prevent those completely illicit air provocations .
We were just asking the US Administration to respect international law and abide by its own domestic laws and regulations .
A rather intense wave of official communications took place between the authorities of both countries through which the US side explicitly recognised the illegal character of the flights and initiated , with Cuban cooperation , administrative proceedings against the transgressors .
Or so they reiterated in diplomatic notes .
Apart from the open channel we warned time and again , at the highest level , both US civilian and military authorities .
Fidel Castro was personally involved in those efforts .
He spent many hours with more that one US important visitor , some with clear White House endorsement .
And we succeeded in getting a very specific commitment by President Clinton that those provocations will never happened again ( “ Indictment à la Carte ” , Counterpunch , September 3 , 2009 ; “ Annals of Diplomacy , Backfire ” , New Yorker , January 26 , 1998 ) .
Something rather strange happened on the road from Washington to Miami .
It appears that President Clinton gave specific instructions to fulfill his commitment .
But in that peculiar town ( Remember Elian ? ) the US Commander in Chief ’s orders are not always obeyed .
As soon as the Miami mafia learned of the president ’s instructions , the provocateurs organised their last violation .
That was the real conspiracy , the only one , leading to the tragic events of February 24 , 1996 .
President Clinton astonishingly reacted as if he never knew anything and rushed to sign the Helms - Burton Act in a deplorable ceremony at the White House , joyfully surrounded by some of the true culprits , the very individuals who defied him .
It was a presidential election year and Clinton won easily in Miami .
That experience would have been more than enough to anybody in terms of believing in the possibility of serious talks and engagement with such frivolous partners , some kind of mission impossible .
But we tried it again .
We did n’t have a choice .
XII .
Cherry blossoms
Attracting foreign tourism was at that time – mid and late 1990s – one of the few possibilities to earn much needed hard currency .
Knowing that , Washington reinforced its sanctions and threats against foreign companies investing in Cuba or having any transaction with the island .
Coincidentally the so - called Cuban American National Foundation ( CANF ) and other anti-Cuba terrorist groups openly declared such visitors “ enemies ” and justified violent attacks against them .
As tourists were arriving to the island in larger numbers a series of bombs exploded and others were found at our hotels and beach resorts in 1997 and 1998 .
From April to September 1997 such attacks had the city of Havana as its main target .
As a result , four people were wounded on July 12 when bombs exploded at the Nacional and Capri Hotels .
On September 4 , explosions occurred almost simultaneously in the Copacabana , Chateau and Triton Hotels and at a Havana restaurant .
In the Copacabana , Fabio di Celmo , a 32 - year - old Italian tourist was killed .
On August 11 , 1997 in the middle of that terrorist campaign CANF made public a statement describing it as “ incidents of internal rebellion which have been taking place in Cuba over the last few weeks ” and stating that “ the Cuban American National Foundation supports these without hesitation or reservations . ”
These acts were not “ internal ” much less a “ rebellion ” .
Some Central American mercenaries arrested in Havana had admitted that they were acting under instructions of Luis Posada Carriles , a fugitive criminal who had escaped from trial for masterminding in 1976 the first midair destruction of a civil airplane ever .
Posada now enjoys total impunity in Miami .
On July 12 , 1998 in a front - page interview with the New York Times , Posada Carriles admitted full responsibility for the new terrorist attacks , recognised that he was financed by CANF and cynically referred to Fabio di Celmo as a person “ at the wrong place at the wrong time ” whose death did n’t disturb him .
Posada said he was able to “ sleep like a baby ” .
He repeated similar words in front of a TV camera on a programme broadcasted through the United States .
Between March and April 1998 , Cuba was approached several times by the State Department and their representatives in Havana to share with us some sensitive information they had gotten , the gravest of all related to possible attacks on civilian airplanes flying to the island .
We spent hours jointly examining intelligence that the Americans considered so credible that the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) issued a special warning to air companies .
In view of those positive exchanges Fidel took a very important initiative .
Gabriel García Márquez , a well recognised friend of Cuba and of the leader of its revolution , was travelling soon to attend a conference at Princeton and expected to meet President Clinton , a reader and admirer , like many millions , of the Nobel Laureate in Literature .
On April 18 , Fidel personally drafted a message to Clinton and gave it to the Colombian writer who arrived to the US Capital on May 1 .
García Márquez waited for several days “ in my impersonal room at the Washington hotel where I spent up to 10 hours a day writing .
However , even if I refused to admit it , the true reason for my confinement was the custody of the message lying in the safety box … I devoted myself to its custody while I continued to write , to eat my meals and to receive my visits in the hotel room . ”
Unable to receive Gabo personally , President Clinton arranged for some of his closest associates to meet him at the White House on May 6 .
According to Gabo ’s report Fidel ’s message was taken very seriously .
One after the other , they read it with keen interest .
Richard Clarke , a senior official at National Security Council , said “ that they would take immediate steps for a joint US - Cuba plan on terrorism . ”
James Dobbins , also a senior at NSC , “ concluded that they would communicate with their embassy ( sic ) in Cuba to implement the project . ”
Mack McLarty “ expressed his appreciation for the great importance of the message , worthy of the full attention of his Government , of which they would urgently take care . ”
In closing the White House meeting McLarty said , “ Your mission was in fact of utmost importance , and you have discharged it very well . ”
Both Fidel ’s message and García Márquez 's entire and fascinating description of his mission were published , unedited , by Fidel Castro in a special public address on May 20 , 2005 ( “ A Different Behaviour ” , www.antiterroristas.cu).
Having concluded such a delicate task , Gabo was happy , almost completely happy :
" My only frustration on the way back to the hotel was not having discovered and enjoyed till then the miracle of the cherries in blossom during that superb spring season .
I barely had time to pack my bags and catch the flight at five that afternoon .
The plane that had brought me from Mexico fourteen days earlier had had to return to base with a broken turbine and we waited for four hours at the airport till there was another available flight .
The one I took back to Mexico , after the meeting at the White House , was delayed in Washington for an hour and a half while they repaired the radar with the passengers on board .
Before landing in Mexico , five hours later , the plane had to hover over the city for almost two hours due to an out of service runway .
Ever since I began flying fifty two years ago , I never had gone through anything like this .
But then , it could n’t be any other way , for a peaceful adventure that will forever hold a privileged place in my memories .
XIII .
History repeats itself
Just a couple of days after the Clinton White House encounter with García Márquez , US diplomats in Havana approached Cuban authorities .
We had a number of discussions specially focused on what the US had found about terrorist plots against civilian aircrafts and the warning that the FAA felt obliged to issue .
In the course of those exchanges the US asked formally for a high level FBI delegation to come to Havana with a view toward receiving from their counterparts our intelligence concerning the ongoing terrorist campaign .
In preparation for that visit an sssistant secretary of state , John Hamilton , communicated that “ this time they would like to emphasize the seriousness of the United States offer to investigate any evidence that [ Cuba ] might have . ”
The meetings were held in Havana on June 16 - 17 , 1998 .
The US team was given copious information , both documentary and testimonies .
The material handed over included the investigations related to 31 terrorist acts , having taken place between 1990 and 1998 , including detailed information on the financing of the most dangerous actions carried out by Luis Posada Carriles ’s network .
The information included lists and photographs of weapons , explosives and other material seised in each case .
Additionally , 51 pages with evidence concerning how the money was routed to various groups for terrorist acts on the island .
The FBI also received tapes recording 14 phone conversations in which Posada Carriles referred to violent attacks against Cuba .
Specific data was provided on how to locate the notorious murderer , such as his home addresses , places he frequented , and his car number plates in El Salvador , Honduras , Costa Rica , the Dominican Republic , Guatemala and Panama .
The FBI took the files of 40 Cuban - born terrorists , most living in Miami , and the clues to find each individual .
The US delegation brought back with them three 2 - gramme samples of explosive substances from the bombs deactivated before they could have exploded in the Melia Cohiba Hotel on April 30 , 1997 and in a tourist van on October 19 , 1997 , as well as the explosive device confiscated from two Guatemalans on March 4 , 1998 .
The FBI was also given five video and eight audio cassettes and their transcripts with statements by the Central Americans who had been arrested for placing bombs in hotels .
There they talked about their links to Cuban gangs and in particular to Posada Carriles .
The US side acknowledged the value of the information and made a commitment to reply as soon as possible .
We never got a word back .
Nobody knows for sure what the FBI did with the evidence and the thorough information they received in Havana .
They certainly did not use it to arrest any of the criminals or to open any investigations .
Was n’t the State Department any more worried with the information it had gathered on its own concerning terrorist attacks against commercial airlines ?
What happened with their preoccupation with the lives and security of passengers , including US passengers ?
Is that the way to “ take immediate steps ” on a problem “ worthy of the full attention of his Government , of which they would urgently take care ” as solemnly promised at the White House ?
Or “ to emphasise the seriousness of the United States ” ?
It may be assumed that the FBI shared the information they got with their pals in Miami .
If facts have any meaning this must have been the case .
On September 12 , 1998 , almost three months after the visit to Havana , we learnt through the media about the detention of Gerardo , Ramón , Antonio , Fernando and René and that Mr. Pesquera , the FBI chief in Miami , was , on that Saturday morning , visiting with Ileana Ros Lehtinen and Lincoln Díaz - Balart – the Batista - Miami Congresspersons – to inform them of the incarceration of the five Cubans .
History repeated itself .
In 1996 President Clinton gave instructions to stop Brothers to the Rescue air provocations , but when his orders reached Miami , the local mob conspired to do exactly the opposite .
In 1998 the very same President appeared to be willing to put an end to terrorist attacks against Cuba – and also against Americans – but when his intentions were learnt in Miami , the FBI there blew them out .
Mr. Pesquera has recognised in a press interview that his main difficulty was in getting Washington ’s authorisation to apprehend the Cuban Five .
It should have been very hard , indeed .
Was not Washington supposed to be on the other side of the fence in the fight against terrorism ?
But Mr. Pesquera and his cronies , won .
They proved being able to ignore law and decency , and to ridicule again the US Commander in Chief .
Remember Elian ?
XIV .
Which side are you on ?
FBI officials received a huge amount of concrete , detailed information about anti-Cuban terrorist groups , including their exact locations , with addresses and phone numbers , photographs and tape recordings describing sinister plans in their own voices and many other data .
At no time did they protest or express concern regarding Cuba ’s ability or methods used to obtain such precise evidence .
They just thanked us and asked for some time , arguing that they got more evidence , far much more , than what they could have expected .
When Gabriel García Márquez met President Clinton ’s closest advisors at the White House on May 6 , 1998 , nobody asked how Cuba had unveiled those terrible plots .
One of the US gentlemen just said , “ We have common enemies . ”
It was exactly the same on every other occasion when we met in Havana , Washington or elsewhere to discuss with US officials the information we had on terrorist attempts .
They never complained in any manner , directly or indirectly – not even in a whisper .
US officials never objected to our investigative efforts for some very obvious reasons .
The history of violence and terror against Cuba is quite long – has lasted so far half a century – and is very well documented in an extensive bibliography partially registered in the US Congressional Record and also available in declassified , or not yet so , official papers with which our American counterparts , we should assume , are well familiar .
With such a background Cuba has the right ( even the inexcusable obligation ) to protect itself and its people and to discover what may be in the making among those who try to cause material damage and human suffering .
This is the universally recognised principle of self defence .
The Americans were very well aware of that .
As they surely remembered , when we learned about an assassination attempt against President Reagan we promptly shared the information with them , the Great Communicator ’s antipathy towards Cuba notwithstanding .
Washington did not complain then , but expressed thankfulness .
They also knew that Cuba is just a small island in the Caribbean , with a population a little above 11 million people .
Cuba does not have satellites getting data from outer space , neither has it any of the extremely sophisticated devices that are in common use by the American and other Big Powers intelligence services .
Cuba only has human intelligence .
Something that is admitted now as indispensable in the United States , something that would have saved many US lives if it had been aptly used by the US before the terrible events that shook America in 2001 .
And ours is not paid human intelligence .
We have never spent money , as others do by many billions , to buy information or contract with expensive agents around the world .
We depend on the generous heroic sacrifice of youngsters like Gerardo , Ramón , Antonio , Fernando and René .
Long before the heinous attacks of 9/11 , Gerardo Hernandez Nordelo said these simple truths to a US court that regrettably was unwilling to listen :
Cuba has the right to defend itself from the terrorist acts that are prepared in Florida with total impunity , despite the fact that they have been consistently denounced by the Cuban authorities .
This is the same right that the United States has to try to neutralize the plans of terrorist Osama Bin Laden ’s organisation , which has caused so much damage to this country and threatens to continue doing so .
I am certain that the sons and daughters of this country who are carrying out this mission are considered patriots , and their objective is not that of threatening the national security of any of the countries where these people are being sheltered .
When Gerardo wrote those words many of the individuals , who would later use civilian aircrafts as lethal weapons against Americans , were finalising their training right there in Miami .
But the local FBI did nothing to frustrate their horrendous project .
They did n’t have time for that .
Their time was devoted exclusively to protecting their own terrorists by persecuting and punishing Gerardo and his comrades .
The FBI , at least in Miami , was not fighting terrorism .
Neither was it preventing criminal attacks against Americans or Cuba .
It was on the other side of the fence .
XV .
The importance of being a liar 1
Guava Pastries
Luis Posada Carriles is a real VIP enjoying unique courtesies and privileges not offered to other dignitaries and celebrities .
But he is also a self - confessed and duly certified international terrorist .
Posada began his long carrier with the early actions against the Cuban Revolution , including the Bay of Pigs fiasco and several years as the CIA man in Venezuelan political police where he became a leader of some conspicuous torturers ;
Posada was sought by Interpol , since he escaped from a Venezuelan prison in 1985 – Hugo Chávez was still an unknown young man – while on trial for masterminding the first destruction ever of a civilian airplane in midair and the murder in cold blood of 73 human beings ;
Posada emerged immediately in Central America as a key figure in the Iran - Contra scam , being mentioned several times during the US Senate investigation and in Oliver North ’s notebook ;
Posada published his autobiography – a Miami bestseller – and has appeared many times in the local and US media ;
Posada twice landed on the front page of the New York Times , in consecutive issues , describing his responsibility in the bombing campaign in Cuba in the 1990s ;
Posada was found guilty by a Panamanian tribunal of crimes associated with a plot to bomb the university in order to kill Fidel Castro and hundreds of students and professors ; being illegally pardon by the president of Panama , on the eve of her last day in office and after receiving special emissaries sent in a hurry by George W. Bush ;
Posada again went into “ hiding ” somewhere in Central America , but maintained constant communication with his pals in the Cuban American National Foundation and other terrorist groups and collected money from frequent well publicised fundraisings .
Yes , it 's been a long career of infamy , always on behalf of US goals and interests as proudly proclaimed by his Miami lawyer .
If we are to believe his words all through that period Posada has visited the US several times , although unnoticed .
One day he decided to settle there for good .
After all , his family has been residing in Miami for decades .
And then he went back home .
Posada Carriles entered Florida in March 2005 , clandestinely , without a US visa , like millions of Latinos try to do unsuccessfully time and again .
But he was not arrested , much less deported .
The story of how he did it in the Santrina boat with the help of his US based terrorist network was described in a Yucatan newspaper Por Esto , in a story widely disseminated through the continent .
Everybody knew it except the Bush administration , which insisted for two months that they knew nothing about his whereabouts -- until , that is , Posada convened a press conference in May to announce his willingness to continue waging from Miami his total warfare against the Cuban Revolution .
Having no other option , the Bush administration detained Posada and took him to the immigration facility in El Paso , where they had prepared for him VIP quarters , completely separated from the general population , with special food and amenities of every sort , even the possibilities to meet friends and journalists .
Posada ’s only grumble : the US protocol failed to provide him Cuban guava pastries .
According to official papers submitted by the US government to migratory courts , Washington deployed strenuous diplomatic efforts trying to convince other countries to grant shelter and protection to Posada .
US diplomats approached governments in Central and South America and even in Europe asking them to receive the notorious VIP .
Without exception the answer always was :
No thanks .
Ironically , Washington has yet to answer the diplomatic note presented by Venezuela on June 15 , 2005 , for his detention and subsequent extradition to Caracas in accordance with the extradition treaty existing between both countries .
The Bush administration , and so far his successor , choose to accuse him of being a liar and entered in a deliberately confused litigation with Mr. Posada for allegedly not being truthful with immigration officials about how he entered the country .
As a result , an administrative court sent Posada home to keep comfortable , arguing for his formal admission by authorities who have shown such unparalleled patience and understanding .
How many undocumented poor Latinos have had that opportunity ?
How many of them have , in the meantime , been freed and allowed to walk away unmolested and do whatever they want to ?
Posada does n’t complain anymore .
He is a free man in Miami eating plenty of guava pastries .
XVI .
The importance of being a Liar 2
Without any exception whatsoever ?
Venezuela ’s formal request for the extradition of Posada Carriles is well founded .
There is an extradition treaty between Venezuela and the United States , ratified by both countries in 1922 , which has been implemented all century .
Venezuela followed the letter of the law , with its Supreme Court issuing an arrest warrant for the fugitive who had absconded from a Venezuelan prison in 1985 .
The Venezuelan government formally transmitted its extradition request to the United States government on June 15 , 2005 .
According to the treaty , Washington should have immediately detained Posada and submitted his case to a federal court for an extradition process in which the secretary of state would have the final word .
That ’s how Montesquieu idea of “ separation of powers ” allegedly works in the United States .
But nothing of the sort has happened in more than four years .
The US government has instead chosen not to detain Posada Carriles or to submit the case to a federal court for extradition .
The US could have also detained Posada under its own Patriot Act which gives the attorney general the authority to detain a terrorist until his ultimate removal from the United States .
The Patriot Act obviates the need to consult with the courts in order to detain a terrorist .
The Attorney General need only certify the person as a terrorist ( see Section 1226 ( A ) of Title 8 of the United States Code ) .
By deciding not to certify Posada as a terrorist and allow him to roam free , the United States is in clear violation of its own Patriot Act .
And by ignoring the extradition treaty with Venezuela and several international conventions on terrorism , Washington grossly violates the US constitution and specifically Article VI which establishes that such international treaties “ shall be the supreme Law of the Land ” .
Bush decided that Posada ’s mendacity to a bureaucrat was a more serious offense than 73 counts of first - degree murder .
And instead of abiding by the US constitutional and treaty obligations , Bush preferred to try and convince other governments to help him shelter and protect Posada .
No other government , however , was prepared to do that .
The US administration has flatly ignored certain international conventions that are among the main pillars of the fight against international terrorism : the Montreal Convention for the Suppression of Illicit Acts against Civil Aviation and the Protection of Passengers and the International Convention against Terrorist Acts Committed with the Use of Bombs .
Both conventions introduced a very specific provision to make it impossible for any suspect of such crimes to escape prosecution .
They established one alternative to extradition : only one .
If any State does not comply with an extradition request , it shall be obligated to immediately prosecute and put on trial the alleged criminal for the same crime as if it had been committed in its own territory .
That has to be done , according to both conventions , “ without any exception whatsoever ” .
In September 2001 , a few days after 9/11 , the Bush administration urged the UN Security Council to adopt mandatory and concrete measures that every country must take , under the threat of force in case of non compliance .
Security Council resolution 1373 , introduced by the US delegation and approved unanimously , made it an enforceable obligation for all member states to cooperate in prosecuting fugitive suspects , denying them shelter , condemning political excuses not to extradite and demanding the full application of all international agreements against terrorism , including the two Conventions referred to above .
To ensure implementation of Resolution 1373 , a special permanent UN Security Council committee was established .
It meets regularly in its New York headquarters .
At every meeting , the United States is denounced for being in clear violation of Resolution 1373 with its hypocritical double standard on terrorism as reflected in its protection of Luis Posada Carriles and the incarceration of the Cuban Five .
The next round of the charade known as the Posada “ trial ” is scheduled for March 1 , 2010 .
Posada is to be “ tried ” on perjury charges .
By then it will be five years of US adamant efforts in protecting a terrorist and not allowing him to be tried for his real crimes .
By then , five anti-terrorist heroes will be in the middle of their 12th year of unjust , cruel punishment .
By not respecting its international treaty obligations , Washington is undermining the main legal instruments which were conceived to sustain the struggle against terrorism which is supposed to be of a highest priority for the United States .
The damage to US credibility may not be clearly perceived by many Americans because the big corporate media do not allow them to ascertain it .
They are not permitted to know how the hypocrisy and arrogance permeating US policy is universally rejected .
To imagine the possibility of the US playing any leadership role in the world , not to mention the idea of being respected , is to indulge in irrational , unfounded daydreaming .
ALEXANDRIA , Egypt —
The photographs have spread online and in the press : a before - and - after montage showing a handsome young man smiling in a gray hoodie on one side and a battered and bloodied corpse on the other .
His eyes are rolled back in his head , mouth agape and his lower lip ripped half off his face .
His name was Khaled Said , age 28 .
His murder on June 6 — allegedly at the hands of undercover police — is causing a political uproar that has brought thousands into the streets here in recent weeks to demand justice for the man now known as “ the emergency law martyr . ”
His death is Egypt ’s latest — and largest — rallying cry for critics of 82 - year - old President Hosni Mubarak , the country ’s feared security services and the state of emergency that has granted both near limitless power since 1981 .
Mubarak had promised to repeal the law in 2005 , but nevertheless it remains on the books .
On June 1 , parliament extended the law for two more years , but government officials promised to limit its use to cases of suspected terrorism and drug trafficking .
Large protests , everything from raucous rallies to silent vigils , have consumed Alexandria for the last two weeks .
The largest came Friday when an estimated 2,000 people rallied after noon prayer at a mosque near Khaled ’s home .
That evening , hundreds more gathered on the city ’s beachfront — dressed in black and clutching Qurans and Bibles as they faced the sea — to hold a silent , hour - long vigil for victims of torture and police brutality .
Both demonstrations drew the kind of crowd that is rarely seen at anti-government protests in Egypt .
Made - up young women waved the black flags of an opposition group called the April 6 Youth Movement .
The elderly chanted in the shade of nearby trees .
Families dressed their young children in their best outfits to defy lines of black - clad riot police .
At the sunset vigil , several protesters had tears in their eyes .
Former U.N. nuclear chief Mohamed ElBaradei , Egypt ’s most prominent opposition figure and a Nobel Peace Prize winner , appeared at both rallies .
They were his first anti-government demonstrations since returning to Egypt in February after retiring from his position as head of the Vienna - based International Atomic Energy Association .
He was a sedate presence , neither giving a speech nor participating in chants of “ Down with Hosni Mubarak ! ”
But protesters did not seem to mind .
When he emerged from the mosque after prayers , the crowd erupted in cheers .
ElBaradei said he felt compelled to join the demonstration because police brutality “ is a humanitarian issue , not a political issue . ”
“ This is part of the reform process .
We need a system of transparency and accountability , ” he said at Friday ’s sunset vigil , standing in a black blazer on the Alexandria seafront .
“ The Egyptian people are sick and tired of these practices and heinous crimes , rich and poor , old and young , ” he added .
“ If the regime does not get the message then there is a problem with the regime .
The writing is on the wall . ”
Eyewitnesses said Said was beaten to death on the street in full view of neighbors and passersby by undercover police officers .
They said the officers followed Said into an Internet cafe down the street from his family home in Alexandria ’s Cleopatra neighborhood .
Hassan Masbah , 62 , the owner of the cafe , said the attack that began in his store is one of the worst things he has ever seen .
“ Khaled came into the door of the shop and a minute later these two man came in and grabbed him , ” he said .
“ They did n’t say a single word . ”
Masbah heard a commotion near the entrance .
When he looked over he saw one of the men grab Said by his hair and the other take him by the belt .
Both attackers were wearing street clothes and one had a handgun affixed to his waist — a telltale sign of a mokhber , or undercover cop .
Masbah said they smashed Said ’s head onto a marble countertop and dragged him out onto the sidewalk .
Haitham Masbah , the owner ’s son , followed the three men into the street .
He said he watched as they dragged Said into a stairwell two doors down from the shop , where they smashed his head multiple times into the building ’s rusted wrought - iron door .
When he collapsed , Masbah said they began to kick and beat him .
“ Khaled screamed ‘ Stop , I am going to die ! ” the younger Masbah said .
“ And they said , ‘ Either way you ’re dead ! ’ ”
No clear motive for the murder has emerged .
Family members and activists say Said obtained a video of cops divvying up the spoils of a drug bust .
They believe the attack was meant to keep him from going public with it .
Others suggest the police may have been trying to extort money from Said , whose brother Ahmed is a U.S. citizen and was seen as one of Cleopatra ’s wealthier men .
The entire attack took less than 15 minutes .
When it was over a police car arrived and the attackers threw Said ’s body into the back “ like a bag of garbage , ” Hassan Masbah said .
A few minutes later they returned and dumped his body back on the sidewalk .
The government denies these eyewitness accounts .
It claims Said was a drug dealer who asphyxiated after swallowing a bag of marijuana as he resisted arrest .
Two autopsies have been performed — and rejected by rights groups — supporting this official version of events .
Officials at Egypt ’s Interior Ministry argue that his injuries were not the cause of death and only happened because he resisted arrest .
State - run newspapers have been lending the regime ’s story a hand as well : Al Gomhoreyya , one of Egypt ’s largest daily newspapers , has repeatedly denounced Said as a drug addict and called him “ the marijuana murder victim . ”
But no one in Cleopatra believes the government ’s version of events .
Said ’s brother Ahmed described the official version as an “ insult to my intelligence . ”
After Friday ’s demonstration , Said ’s mother Leila Marzouq received visitors dressed for a wake to their home down the block from where her son died .
She said she has found a measure of peace in the protests sparked by her loss .
“ I ’m so happy that all these people are standing by my side , ” she said .
“ It is as if God sent them to me to tell me that each one of them is my son Khaled , which shows that God is on our side and against the oppressors . ”
The Federal Opposition has accused the Government of secretly ditching any possibility of taking Japan to court over whaling .
Opposition environment spokesman Greg
Hunt says there is no money in the federal budget for the court case .
Mr Hunt says it shows the Prime Minister 's election promise to take strong action against whaling was hollow .
" A bit of sunrise rhetoric from the Prime Minister which is dropped before sunset , " he said .
" The budget papers - which are a test of a Government 's seriousness - have dropped all money for a case against Japan .
" The budget papers have dropped all reference to a case against Japan in the purpose , the intention , the goal of our marine mammal conservation program . "
Mr Hunt says Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has misled the public .
" This is a Government which has used rhetoric to imply that it was serious about whaling , " he said .
" But in the cool light of day , there 's no money in the budget , there 's no reference to a case against Japan in the budget . "
However , a spokesman for Environment Minister Peter Garrett says the Government remains committed to the issue .
He says the Government is trying to resolve the issue diplomatically , but funding will be made available if legal action is needed .
For one thing , there 's no way to create folders or to organize your app icons onto multiple pages .
There 's just that big list .
Navigation
Oh , and the lack of an auto - dimming night mode is unfortunate as well .
This screen is bright enough to be blinding once the stars come out .
Wrap-up
There are fewer things left alone here than changed , with everything from the lock screen to the OS settings menus completely re-invented .
It is , perhaps , slightly more intuitive for a casual user than the default Android install , but we fear that power - users wo n't feel at home here .
You can drag entries around to change order , or move them to and from that smaller list on the side of the home page , but if you 're not the selective sort when it comes to downloading you 'll be doing a lot of scrolling .
Also , there 's no wallpaper to change , unless you count the lock screen .
Also , the Android home pages have been hidden , only accessible when doing a long press of the home key .
Instead of getting the usual task - switching menu that you 'd expect you get five blank pages that you can fill with widgets , widgets , and more widgets -- but no app shortcuts .
So naturally the big story here is with the navigation , and quite simply it 's good .
Very good , as you 'd expect from a phone that sacrifices two thirds of its home page to giant nav-related icons .
For those familiar with the earlier Garmin - Asus phones the interface here is quite similar , but for those who are n't we 'll give you the details .
First - off , let 's make it clear that this works completely offline , unlike Google Navigation , meaning you can still get directions even if you 're standing in the darkest of data coverage black holes when beginning your trip -- and with T - Mobile if you 're not close enough to a highway to hear the trucks rumbling by that 's a real possibility .
Only the Google Local Search portion of navigation requires an active data connection , which you will want to be using whenever possible .
The offline POI database here is good but failed to find a local theater that opened two years ago , never mind a two - month - old restaurant .
Local Search found both .
Once you know where you 're going , things are quite good .
Address entry is painless , and you 'll get an overhead view of the destination from which you can scroll around and even get a 360 flyby view .
Tap " Go ! " and you 're on your way following either driving or walking directions , the latter with public transportation mixed in -- but only in limited markets where Garmin 's city Xplorer extension covers .
You can also easily create routes , either adding a waypoint to the route you 're currently on or using a dedicated app that allows you to plot your course before you turn a wheel .
This is something sorely lacking in Google Navigation and that we 're glad to see here .
Once you get going POIs can be searched near your current location or on the current route and , if you find something , it can be easily added as a via point .
The only problem here is we were n't able to find a way to skip a point that 's been added to your route , meaning if you decide that Taco Bell break perhaps is n't such a good idea the phone will keep trying to convince you otherwise -- loudly .
The speaker on the back of this phone is powerful enough to ensure that even those in the back seat will know exactly what the courteous and friendly omniscient navigator is telling you to do .
Traffic data is included here for free , though the phone warns you that you may wind up seeing a few ads mixed in from time to time to cover it .
( We did n't see any during the course of this review . )
If traffic is noticed anywhere along or near your route the phone will throw up an indicator to warn you .
Tapping that lets you view a map of all local traffic problems or just see which incidents are along the way .
It 's perhaps not quite as detailed as TomTom 's latest traffic interface , but it 's comprehensive and quick enough to tell you what you need to know .
You can also get a list of all nearby traffic issues .
Additionally , the on - screen speed limit display will help to keep you from becoming a traffic issue yourself , a nice feature that we wish worked on more secondary roads .
About the only thing we do n't like is that there 's no way to display POIs on the map as you travel , which does keep things clear and focused , but if you always like to know where the closest gas station is you 'll need to keep searching .
For $ 199 , the Garminfone is an interesting choice .
While T - Mobile 's selection of Android handsets continues to expand ( most excitingly with the upcoming myTouch 3G Slide ) , fans of little green robots still do n't exactly have a lot of choices on that carrier , which makes the 1.6 build of Android on here a bit easier to stomach .
It 's worth noting that , given the extensive customization , we'd be surprised if a 2.0 or 2.1 update hits this phone any time soon -- if ever .
That , plus the somewhat limited ability to personalize the OS compared to a stock build , means this is probably not an ideal choice for the most serious of Android users .
But , with multitouch on - tap and fantastic navigation built - in , you 're not missing an awful lot -- and it really is fantastic navigation .
It 's nearly as good as Google Navigation in terms of interface and usability , but trumps that competition by working fully offline and easily matches the best mobile navigation options on other platforms
So , as we have in the past with Garmin - Asus offerings we again have to conclude that this is not a phone for power users , but the inclusion of the Android Market does mean that the group of people who would feel constrained is much smaller than with the G60 , for example .
Compared to that option the Garminfone is far less a nav device with a phone built in and far more of an equal share of both .
A match made in heaven ?
Pretty darned close . :
Two updates courtesy of Garmin .
First off , you can create a folder , but naturally it 's not like you would in normal Android .
Instead of a long press and hitting a context menu here you press the menu button and then hit " Add " to create a folder , which then gets thrown in at the bottom of your icons .
Also , there is a night mode , but it 's hidden under a screen setting called " Color Mode " which we simply did n't think to look under .
The text above has been updated .
Added support for Mac
Added Steam Cloud support for save games
Added new achievements
Improved graphical effects
Added support for Mac
Added Steam Cloud support for save games
Added new achievements
Improved graphical effects
Added support for Mac
Added Steam Cloud support for save games
Updates to Half - Life 2 , Half - Life 2 : Episode One and Half - Life 2 : Episode
Two have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include : : Save games for Half - Life 2 and Half - Life 2 : Episode
One will go through a transition .
The current level you are on will be saved , but not the exact position in the level .
Love it !
Awesome Canadian bacon buddy and neat story book .
Also a book about the future of science .
Thank you so much Sprockette !
Hope you have the awesomest Arbitrary day ever ! :D
Under immense pressure to plug its catastrophic American oil leak , BP is preparing for a hazardous last - ditch salvage operation that risks making the gush of crude into the Gulf of Mexico even heavier if its robotic submarines fail in an inch - perfect exercise to cut through a broken pipe a mile beneath the ocean 's surface .
After the failure of a " top kill " effort to stuff the leak with mud and rubbish , BP 's managing director , Bob Dudley , stressed the difficulty of a new plan to pipe spurting oil to a ship on the ocean 's surface , describing it as highly challenging for engineers who will be asked to perform " the equivalent of open heart surgery on television for everyone " .
The under - fire company faced calls from Louisiana lawmakers to make an immediate $ 1bn investment to protect threatened wetlands and estuaries on the Louisiana coast .
The White House 's energy tsar , Carol Browner , warned that the giant , rapidly expanding oil slick caused by an explosion on BP 's Deepwater Horizon oil rig was ‚ " probably the biggest environmental disaster we have ever faced " .
Since becoming severed from BP 's destroyed offshore rig on 30 April , a broken drilling pipe known as a " riser " , which carries oil from an underground seam through the ocean floor , has been kinked downwards in the water .
BP is deploying diamond - rimmed saws to cut through the pipe below this kink , in the hope that it can create a sufficiently clean break to attach a cap capable of siphoning oil to the ocean 's surface , known as a‚ " lower marine riser package " .
Experts worry that by removing the bend in the pipe , any remaining resistance to the flow of oil into the ocean will be eliminated .
Philip Johnston , an engineering professor at the University of Alabama , said : " This operation is scary for BP .
" When they cut the riser the rate of flow from the well , which is already truly horrific , will get significantly bigger .
If they can't then get the cap on , it will make things worse . "
BP 's chief operating officer Doug Suttles told a press conference on Saturday that he could not guarantee the attempt would work , and even if it did it would only capture " the majority " of the oil .
Following the first Gulf war in 2001 , a similar capping procedure was used to extinguish the well fires lit by the retreating Iraqi army .
However , it has never been attempted 1,500 metres ( 5,000 ft ) below sea level .
President Obama admitted that cutting the riser pipe " is not without risk " , saying : " That is why it was not activated until other methods had been exhausted . "
On the Louisiana shore , dozens of shrimpers , fishermen , holiday - home owners , restaurateurs and hoteliers have filed lawsuits against BP for the damage to their earnings caused by the slick .
Local people expressed fury at the British company 's apparent inability to stem the flow .
Claude Marquette , a retired doctor in his boat at the fishing port of Venice Marina , said : " It 's been a screw - up from day one .
Nothing was at the ready and no one was in a position to respond . "
Father Gerry Stapleton , a priest at St Patrick 's Catholic church in nearby Port Sulphur , said : " Even the government seems powerless and all the experts .
If these people can't stop it , then who in the name of God can ? "
There is particular acrimony that BP 's initial estimate of the leak at 5,000 barrels of oil a day dramatically understated the scale of the flow , which is now put at 12,000 to 19,000 barrels a day .
Ed Markey , the Democratic chairman of a congressional energy committee investigating the disaster , said BP was " either lying or they were incompetent " .
Speaking on CBS's Face the Nation talkshow , Markey described the leak as criminal ‚ and added : " I have no confidence whatsoever in BP . "
The waters affected by the spill are among the most sealife - rich around the US .
In 2008 , commercial fishermen landed 600 m kg of finfish and shellfish in the Gulf of Mexico , generating $ 659 m .
Oyster fishermen worry that not only the oil but the chemical dispersants used to break up the slick will poison their harvest for months and years to come .
Mary Landrieu , a Democratic senator for Louisiana , said BP should immediately commit $ 1bn to safeguarding the coastline : " While we may not be able to plug the leaking well right away , there is nothing that should stop us from getting help to the Gulf coast immediately . "
Obama ordered government and contractor clean - up resources in areas affected by oil to be tripled .
The Washington Post termed the leak " the well that will not die " .
Many critics of the response to the crisis have urged the president to put the armed forces in charge , taking over operations from BP .
But Mike Mullen , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said that the military did not have the necessary expertise .
" It 's really not for us to lead right now because of the technical challenges , " said Mullen .
" The technical lead for this in our country really is the [ oil ] industry . "
Even if BP succeeds in its latest effort to siphon oil , the operation faces a meteorological hazard in the hurricane season , which starts at the beginning of June .
David Summers , a professor of mine engineering at Missouri University of Science and Technology , said it would be impossible to leave a containment vessel collecting oil on the open sea if severe weather sweeps into the Gulf .
As it attempts a seal , BP will need to pump large volumes of warm water towards the leak to avoid the formation of ice crystals , which stymied a previous attempted fix .
Summers said : " This may be the best option they 've got but because they 're going to be dragging through the flow of oil as they cut , it 's going to be difficult to achieve a smooth , straight cut . "
If BP cannot halt the flow , oil will continue to gush until two relief wells are ready to intercept the flow of oil by intersecting with the original bore beneath the ocean floor .
One of these has reached a depth of 3,600 metres ( 12,000 ft ) , while the other is down to 2,500 metres , but they need to go as far as 5,500 metres before they can tap into the oil , which may not happen until August .
By then , the slick on the ocean 's surface , estimated at 18 m to 40 m gallons of oil , could have doubled in size .
Greek workers stage general strike , March 2010 .
April 30 , 2010
1 . The global economic crisis continues .
Massive amounts of money have been injected into the financial system – US $ 14 trillion in bailouts in the United States , Britain and the eurozone , $ 1.4 trillion in new bank loans in China last year – in an effort to restabilise the world economy .
But it remains an open question whether or not these efforts will be enough to produce a sustainable recovery .
Growth remains very sluggish in the advanced economies , while unemployment continues to rise .
There are fears that a new financial bubble centred this time on China is developing .
The protracted character of the crisis – which is the most severe since the Great Depression – reflects its roots in the very nature of capitalism as a system .
2 . After a harsh wave of job cuts , in Europe the focus on the crisis is now on the public sector and social welfare system .
The very financial markets that have been rescued thanks to the bailouts are now up in arms about the increase in government borrowing this has involved .
They are demanding massive cuts in public expenditure .
This amounts to a class attempt to shift the costs of the crisis from those who precipitated it – above all , the banks – to working people – not just those employed in the public sector but also all those who consume public services .
The demands for austerity and public sector " reform " are the clearest sign that neoliberalism , intellectually discredited by the crisis , nevertheless continues to dominate policy making .
3 . Greece is currently in the eye of the storm .
It is one of several European economies that are particularly vulnerable , partly because of a buildup of debt during the boom , partly because Greece finds it hard to compete with Germany , the giant of the eurozone .
Under pressure from the financial markets , the European Commission and the German government , the government of George Papandreou has torn up its election promises and announced cuts amounting to 4 per cent of national income .
4. Fortunately Greece has a magnificent history of social resistance running back to the 1970s .
Following on from the youth revolt of December 2008 , the Greek workers ’ movement has responded to the government ’s cuts packages with a wave of strikes and demonstrations .
We also welcome the example of the Iceland referendum in which people rejected debt refunding imposed by the banks .
5 . Greek workers need the solidarity of socialists , trade unionists and anti-capitalists everywhere .
Greece is simply the first European country to have been targeted by the financial markets , but they have plenty of others in their sights , first of all , Spain and Portugal .
6 . We need a program of measures that can lift the economy out of crisis on the basis of giving priority to people ’s needs rather than profits and imposing democratic control over the market .
We need to stand for an anti-capitalist answer : our life , our health , our jobs before profits .
• All cuts in domestic public expenditure to be halted or reversed : stop pensions ‘ reform ’ ; health and education are not for sale ; • A guaranteed right to work and a program of public investment in green jobs – public transport , renewable energy industries , and adapting private and public buildings to reduce carbon dioxide emissions ; •
For a public banking service and financial system under public control ; •
No scapegoating of immigrants and refugees : legalise them ! ; •
No to military expenditure : withdrawal of Western troops from Iraq and Afghanistan , drastic cuts in military spending , and the dissolution of NATO .
7 . We resolve to organise European solidarity activities again cuts and capitalist attacks .
A victory for Greek workers will strengthen resistance to the cuts elsewhere .
Signed by :
Greece : Aristeri Anasynthes , Aristeri Antikapitalistiki Syspirosi , Organosi Kommuniston Diethniston Elladas - Spartakos , Sosialistiko Ergatiko Komma , Synaspismos Rizospastikis Aristeras , Syriza Austria : Linkswende Belgium : Ligue Communiste Révolutionnaire - Socialistische arbeiderspartij Britain : Socialist Resistance , Socialist Workers Party Croatia : Radnička borba Cyprus : Ergatiki Dimokratia , Yeni Kıbrıs Partisi ( YKP ) France : Nouveau Parti Anticapitaliste Germany : internationale sozialistische linke , marx21 , Revolutionär Sozialistischen Bund Italy : Sinistra Critica Ireland : People Before Profit Alliance , Socialist Workers Party Netherlands : Internationale Socialisten , Socialistische Arbeiderspartij Poland : Polska Partia Pracy , Pracownicza Demokracja Portugal : Bloco de Esquerda Russia : Vpered Serbia : marks21 Spanish state :
En lucha / En lluita , Izquierda Anticapitalista , Partido Obrero Revolucionario Switzerland : Gauche anticapitaliste , Mouvement pour le socialisme / Bewegung für Sozialismus , SolidaritéS Turkey : Devrimci Sosyalist İşçi Partisi , Özgürlük ve Dayanışma Partisi
Syriza : ` International solidarity and joint action ... is timely and imperative '
By Syriza
Dear comrades ,
We welcome with satisfaction and endorse your initiative .
We state that we are availiable and we will participate in any event organised in the near future .
The international solidarity and joint action of the European left and the worker and popular resistance movements at this time of crisis is timely and imperative .
For workers and youth in Greece and for political parties and organisations of the left who are struggling against the unprecedented attack launched on labour and social rights by the Greek government , the European Union ( EU ) and International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , solidarity initiatives such as yours illustrate an important moral and political support and we thank you for that .
It is absolutely necessary to organise resistance across Europe , as the crisis of neoliberal capitalism in the way it is manifested today in the EU exacerbates the growing attacks on the working class , leading millions in poverty and misery .
SYRIZA responded to this situation with the positions adopted on March 15 stating that :
All of these hard , neoliberal measures are directed by and serve the European Stability Pact and the Lisbon Treaty .
The crisis should be paid by those who created it .
The rich .
The profits of large enterprises , banks and speculators .
This can be achieved if we present in all its aspects , clearly but also as demands the following political points :
A. Increase tax rate to 45 % on big capital , increase taxes on large real estate and stock transactions .
Taxation of church property .
VAT increase in luxury products / services and reduce VAT on the basic necessities .
B. Slash military spending by 50 % .
C. Public and social control of the financial system with a perspective to nationalising banks .
D. Recovery and nationalising businesses and utilities of strategic importance , with public and social control .
E. Increase in health spending , education , unemployment relief and spending on social infrastructure .
Exclusion of education and health from the processes of commercialisation and market development .
F. Increase salaries and pensions .
No increase in the retirement age .
Increase recruitment and freeze layoffs .
Preserve the universal and redistributing character of the social insurance system .
G. At the same time SYRIZA is urged to deepen discussion on the left -- radical answers on the fundamental questions of addressing the debt .
The secretariat -- in principle -- makes the call “ to renegotiate the debt ” , but recognising the need to follow the discussion on building an integrated view .
SYRIZA will lead at the European level , with parties and organisations of the European left , with forces and organisations of the labour movement and social movements , to create a front against the Stability Pact and the Treaty of Lisbon .
Based on the above guidelines we are preparing a European meeting of all the forces of the European Left in the autumn in Athens .
For the secretariat of SYRIZA
Ntavanelos A. ( Coordinator of the secretariat ) ,
Mastrogianopoulos T. , Sapounas G. ( European Initiative of SYRIZA )
SYRIZA
( Synaspismos Rizospastikis Aristeras )
Coalition of Radical Left
39 , Valtetsiou str
10681 Athens – Greece
Tel. +30210 3829910 , fax .
+30 210 3829911
e-mail : grafeia@syriza.gr
web site : www.syriza.gr
[ These statements were first posted at the ESSF website . ]
Support to the Greek people ’s resistance against the dictatorship of creditors !
By Committee of the Abolition of Third World Debt ( CADTM ) international , translated by Christine Pignoulle
May 5 , 2010 --
The new austerity plan released on May 2 , 2010 , is a disaster for the Greek population : for workers in the private as well as the public sector , retired people , or the unemployed , i.e. those deprived of a job .
Here are some of the measures it involves :
Freezing of wages and retirement pensions in the public sector for five years ;
Suppression of the equivalent of two months of wages for civil servants ;
The main VAT rate has moved up to 23 % after 19 % and 21 % ;
The other VAT rates have also increased ( 5 % to 5.5 % and 10 % to 11 % ) ;
Taxes on fuel , spirits and tobacco have been raised by 10 % for the second time within a month ;
Early retirements ( related to stressful work ) are prohibited under 60 ;
The legal age for women ’s retirement will be raised from 60 to 65 by 2013 ;
The legal age for men ’s retirement will depend on life expectancy ;
40 full years at work ( instead of 37 , outside study periods and unemployment ) will be required to be entitled to a full retirement pension ;
This pension will be calculated on the worker ’s average salary over the years instead of the last salary ( which means a net curtailing of 45 % to 60 % )
The government will reduce its operating expenditures by EUR 1.5 billion ( which means less money for education and health care ) ;
Public investments will also be reduced by EUR 1.5 billion ;
A new minimum salary for youth and long - term unemployed is set up ( i.e. the equivalent of the ‘ CPE ’ that trade unions and young people rejected in France ) .
This is a windfall for financial markets !
Transport , energy and some services will be liberalised and opened to privatisation ;
The financial sector ( mainly banks ) will benefit from a funds set up with the help of the EU and the IMF ;
Flexibility of work will be increased ;
Layoffs will become easier ;
The Greek economy is now controlled by the IMF .
Since Greece is part of the euro zone , it can neither devalue its currency nor play on interest rates .
Its debt cannot be restructured either since European financial institutions hold 2/3 of it .
These same banks will further borrow from the European Central Bank ( ECB ) at a 1 % rate in order to make loans to govenments ( against interests ) .
As a counterpart to the above measures , countries in the euro zone will lend on an individual basis some EUR 100 to 135 billion over 3 years to Greece at a rate of 5 % ( 45 billion in 2010 ) .
Rich countries and banks will thus make money on the Greek people .
Christine Lagarde , French minister of finance , forecasts a profit of EUR 150 millions a year .
This will increase the public debt of the Greek state so that it can pay back its speculating creditors !
The Greek crisis is an illustration of the danger represented by the IMF , the EU and finacial markets .
Rightly disparaged for its disastrous structural adjustment programs , the IMF resurfaces in the euro zone euro after wrecking the economy of several Eastern European countries for two years .
It uses the same methods as before , still adapted to the same partners : financial markets and transnational corporations .
Today , like yesterday , its true nature of arsonist fireman is highlighted .
The EU and its commission too have reasserted their paradigms in the service of an open and undistorted competition .
The ECB does not serve the peoples of Europe but banks and financial institutions .
After precipitating the Greek crisis via rating agencies payed by major US banks , the financial markets try to derive even larger profits from their speculative strategies .
The PASOK government , the European Union and the IMF provide them with a golden opportunity .
Behind the financial industry we find manufacturing , trading and services transnational companies .
While we rightly condemn speculative funds , rating agencies and the financial industry , we keep in mind that they are but part of a greater whole .
This unbridled speculation that chokes deprived populations has only been possible for two major reasons : successive deregulation of financial markets since the 1980s ;
the choice made by the management of large companies to ‘ invest ’ their profits in speculation instead of production and employment .
Such accumulation of profits originates in a new distribution of wealth that benefits shareholders to the expense of wage earners .
Over 25 years their respective share diminished by an average of about 10 % of the GDP in developed countries .
This economic trend , which corresponds to the neoliberal ideology , is the main cause of the economic and financial crisis we experience today .
The various governments that have succeeded each other over the past 30 years in Greece as in other countries of the global North , also bear a heavy part of responsibility in the increasing public debts .
Tax policies in favour of more affluent households and corporations ( taxes on income , fortunes and corporations ) have significantly reduced budget revenues and increased public deficits , which has led the states to go into more debts .
Those who organised the crisis are spared while the people must pay the bill .
In the PASOK–EU - IMF austerity plan imposed on the Greek people , we only find ludicrous inefficient measures towards some tax justice and no measure whatsoever to counter tax evasion of corporation benefits .
The so - called solutions set forward by PASOK , EU and IMF push Greece towards an ever deeper crisis .
A minimal recession amounting to 4 points of the GDP has already been predicted for 2010 .
Small craftspeople and traders as well as small companies will be faced with bankruptcy .
Unemployment will explode , and the purchasing power of lower and middle classes will plummet .
Inequalities will increase and basic human rights ( access to water , energy , health care , education … ) are under threat for the more deprived portion of the population .
The Greek people ’s anger is ours too .
CADTM fully supports all mobilisations against the austerity plan .
Alternative solutions are possible !
The repayment of Greece ’s public debt must be immediately suspended and a public audit must be organised to determine whether it is legitimate or not .
Cancellation measures must be taken and the financial return on the debt must be taxed at the maximum income tax rate .
Tax measures can be taken immediately to restore tax justice and fight tax evasion .
According to the accounts of the Greek teasury civil servants ( pointed out as scapegoats ) and workers declare higher incomes than such professions as chemists , lawyers , GPs , or than bank managers !
Almost all corporations ( including shipowners ) declare their benefits in countries with a more favourable tax system ( such as Cyprus ) or hide them in tax havens .
The Orthodox Church still benefits from exorbitant tax cuts on its movable and immovable property .
There is money in Greece , but not where the austerity plan wants to find it !
At CADTM we declare our solidarity with the Greek people who will go on strike on Wednesday , May 5 , 2010 .
Everywhere in Greece , as in other European countries , solidarity through mobilisation must become more manifest .
Greece is under attack today but we all know that tomorrow it will be Portugal , Ireland or Spain , and the day after all the euro zone may be affected , including its " richer " countries .
We rejoice at the first declarations of solidarity and the first support mobilisations in front of Greek embassies .
We must go further !
The whole European social movement must stand next to the Greek people !
European populations can only win from a common protest !
CADTM will be part of it !
[ Visit the CADTM website . ]
Solidarity with the Greek people against financial markets
By members of the World Social Forum International Council
May 6 , 2010 --
The financial markets have been targeting Greece for several months .
In order to “ reassure the markets ” and “ restore trust ” , the European Union and the IMF have imposed a drastic austerity “ cure ” on the Greek people .
Retirement age will be postponed to 67 years and pensions will freeze .
Public sector wages will be reduced by 15 % and layoffs in the private sector will be made easier .
The value added tax ( VAT ) will rise from 19 to 21 % .
Other measures of this kind are planned .
This austerity plan will plunge Greece ’s economy into depression and will lead to a social disaster .
We know this from experience : the crisis in Greece is just one more example of decades of financial turmoil , which has devastated and further indebted countries across the globe , particularly in the global South , including the debt crisis of the 1980s , which has permanently indebted many countries in Africa and Latin America , the Mexican , Asian and Russian financial crises of the late 1990s , the Argentina crisis of
2001 - 02 .
These are not isolated events but the result of the actions of unregulated and voracious financial markets .
After Iceland and Greece , financial markets already have other European countries in their sights : Portugal and Spain are in the firing line , Ireland and France already face threats .
In fact , the financial gifts to bail - out the banks , the “ crisis plans ” and tax cuts for the richest have created huge holes in budgets everywhere .
Our governments have saved banks from bankruptcy without asking for any compensation .
Now , those very same banks are leaning on those countries , and have carte blanche to speculate on bad ratings .
They are coming back to profit from the people all over again .
The challenge is simple : who will pay for the bill ?
Who will pay for the bank bailouts ?
Who will pay for the public deficits ?
The European Union has announced a “ Greece rescue plan ” but the loans will only benefit the speculators , not the Greek people .
Furthermore , these loans will not provide a long - term solution .
Social rights are at stake everywhere .
If people do not react strongly and immediately , they will be drawn one against the other , as it is already happening with the Greeks , who are being painted as “ cheaters ” and “ irresponsible ” .
No one knows where this will end .
In order to stop this downward spiral , we have to mobilise and stand with the Greeks .
Yesterday ( May 5 , 2010 ) , the Greek trade unions and movements have organised a general strike and called for solidarity from international social movements , networks and organisations .
We , from movements and organisations that are members of the International Council of the World Social Forum , take advantage of our meeting in Mexico to express our solidarity with the Greek and European movements and support their demands for strong measures against financial speculation , and the elaboration of a real financial solidarity plan benefiting the Greek people rather than the financial markets and the speculators .
The crisis in Greece reinforces our determination to oppose neoliberal financial policies and to reassert peoples sovereignty over their economies , in the South and in the North .
Signatures :
Rita Freire , CIRANDA , Brazil
Viriato Tamele , CJE , Mozambique
Gustave Massiah , CRID , France
Ryu Mikyung , KCTU , Korea
Christope Aguiton , ATTAC , France
Geneviève Azam , ATTAC , France
Nicola Bullard , Focus on the Global South , Thailand
Edward Oyugi , SODNET , Kenya
Mireille Fanon - Mendes - France , Fondation Frantz Fanon
Allam Jarrar , Palestinian NGO network , Palestine
Chico Whitaker , Brazilian Commission Justice and Peace , Brazil
Moema Miranda , Ibase , Brazil
Virginie Vargas , Articulacion Feminista Marcosur , Peru
Taoufik Ben Abdallah , Enda , Sénégal
Abbé Antoine Ambroise Tine , Italie
Babacar Diop , ICAE - PALAE , Sénégal
Demba Moussa , Forum Africain des Alternatives , Sénégal
Dan Baron , IDEA , Brazil - Wales
Celina Valadez , Dinamismo Juvenil , Mexico
Diana Senghor , PANOS , SénégalAlexandre Bento , CUT , Brazil
Salete Valesan , IPF , Brazil
Jason Nardi , Social Watch , Italy
Hélène Cabioc’h , AITEC , France
Nicolas Haeringer , ATTAC , France
Nathalie Péré - Marzano , CRID , France
Azril Bacal , Uppsala Social Forum , Sweden / Peru
Francine Mestrum , Global Social Justice , Belgium
Hector - Leon Moncayo , Alianza Social Continental , Colombia
Leo Gabriel , Austrian Social Forum , Austria
Wilhelmina Trout , World March of Women , South Africa
Bheki Ntshalintshali , COSATU , South Africa
Ivette Lacaba , COMCAUSA , Mexico
Samir Abi , ATTAC Togo / ROAD , Togo
Olivier Bonfond , CADTM , Belgium
Walter Baier , Transform ! , Austria
Diego Azzi , CSA , Brazil
Marco A. Velazquez N. , RMALC , Mexico
Miguel Santibanez , ALOP , Chile
Hector de la Cueva , Alianza Social Continental
Jennifer Cox , PPEHRC , USA
Jorge Lopez , CAMBIOS , Mexico
Ana Esther Cecena , Red en Defensa de la Humanidad , Mexico
Lorena Zarate , HIC-AL , Mexico
Refaat Sabbah , Alternatives International , Palestine
José Miguel Hernandez , CCFSM , Cuba
Maria Atilano , World March of Women , Mexico
Monica Di Sisto , FAIR , Italy
Yoko Kitazawa , Japan Network on Debt & Poverty , Japan
Marcela Escribano , Alternatives
Vinod Raina , Alternatives Asia , India
Njoki Njoroge Njehu , Daughters of Mumbi Global Resource Center , Kenya
Ali Karamat , Pakistan Peace Coalition ( PPC ) / Pakistan Institute of Labour
Education and Research , Karachi ( PILER ) , Pakistan
Piero Bernocchi , Italian Coordination for ESF and WSF , Italy
Ana Prestes , OCLAE
Feroz Mehdi , Alternatives International
Amit Sengupta , Peoples Health Movement , India
Osvaldo Leon , Agencia Latinoamericana de Información
An earthquake of 7.5 magnitude has hit near India 's Nicobar Islands , in the Indian Ocean .
The US Geological Survey said it occurred about 150 km ( 95 miles ) west of the Nicobar Islands and 440 km from Sumatra , Indonesia .
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center initially issued a warning for the entire Indian Ocean region .
The agency later downgraded the warning to India only , before cancelling the alert altogether .
" Sea level readings indicate that a significant tsunami was not generated , " the Hawaii - based centre said .
No damage was reported in the Andaman and Nicobar islands , although a total blackout sparked panic in the capital , Port Blair , witnesses said .
More than 350,000 people live on nearly 600 islands in the remote archipelago .
In 2004 , a powerful earthquake off Sumatra 's coast triggered a tsunami that killed more than 220,000 people around the rim of the Indian Ocean .
It has been clear for a long time that Silvio Berlusconi is a leader very far from the classic professional politician of the western liberal - democratic mould .
Rather , Italy ’s premier is a postmodern populist who employs a highly personalised style of leadership in which television plays a central part .
His rule during three periods in office ( 1994 - 95 , 2001 - 06 , 2008 - ) has been a celebration of image and power fuelled by a constant appeal to the gut instincts of the people .
His wealth is at once the source of his route to power , a measure of his invincibility , and a constant reminder to Italians of his entrepreneurial success and ability to get things done .
In all this , Berlusconi draws a winning symbolic contrast with the older type of political leader - locked in the world of newspaper columns and council - chamber meetings .
driven to explain policy by reference to ideology , constrained ( however grudgingly ) by claims of accountability and transparency .
No wonder Italy ’s official opposition is afraid of him .
Indeed , Berlusconi ’s current period in office ( since his victory in the elections of April 2008 ) has seen fear acquire increasing political importance .
The prime minister regularly uses his media influence to remove dissidents from the main public - broadcasting channels ; assails his opponents as communists or conspirators ; harasses his critics with legal writs ; denounces judges ( whom he sees as his main adversaries ) ; and even speaks out against the president of the republic .
This aggressive stance has paralysed Italy ’s official opposition .
Its main representative , the Partito Democratico ( Democratic Party ) - itself relatively new , but led by ex-communists and ex-Christian Democrats shaped by the political failures of an earlier era - has been unable either to confront the source of Silvio Berlusconi ’s political power during its brief period in government or to begin to construct a plausible vision of a post -Berlusconi world .
Italy ’s opposition has yet answer the big questions surrounding Italy ’s future in any credible way .
The overall result is that a kind of fatalism now pervades Italian public life .
Almost every week brings fresh allegations about Berlusconi ’s behaviour ( of mafia associations or corruption scandals , for example ) , which are widely reported in a foreign media fixated on the idea of “ Berlusconi in crisis ” ; yet these continue to have little effect on those that matter - the Italian people .
In another notable departure from the norms of everyday European politics , many Italians even perceive the prime minister ’s human frailties ( as others see them ) as virtues of his leadership .
An almost incredible aspect of this bizarre political situation is that amid a morass of condemnation and vitriol , Berlusconi - one of the wealthiest and most powerful figures in modern Europe - has been able successfully to present himself as a victim .
The artists ’ answer
This questions that arise from this situation are obvious : how can it be understood , and - if the leader is so commanding and the opposition so stultified - where will real challenge come from ?
Italy ’s artists offer answers to both .
The filmmaker Erik Gandini has created an extraordinary social document called Videocracy which in effect argues that Silvio Berlusconi has ( mainly through the vehicle of television ) initiated a cultural revolution that has moulded Italians in his own image .
In this perspective Berlusconismo ’s drenching celebrity culture has a sinister twist - consolidating the leader ’s almost unassailable personal power by creating a public culture in his own image .
As a result what the Italian think - tank Vision refers to as the “ B - factor ” continues to dominate Italy and set the terms of political debate .
Italy ’s public broadcaster RAI banned trailers for Gandini ’s film being shown , part of a now familiar pattern of threats and censorship in response to artists ’ interventions .
The same scorn was poured on Sabina Guzzanti ’s new film Draquila : L’Italia Che Trema ( Draquila : Italy Trembles ) , which the Italian culture minister Sandro Bondi dismissed as a “ propaganda film .. that insults the truth and the Italian people ” .
The film , whose title combines Dracula and L’Aquila ( the Abruzzo town devastated by an earthquake in April 2009 which killed almost 300 people and made 60,000 homeless ) , is a courageous attempt to address the plight of these citizens who feel abandoned by their government .
Guzzanti , one of Italy ’s leading satirists , has through this work engaged directly with citizens and local movements , such as the “ Yes We Camp ” group I met when I visited L’Aquila ( see “ Italy and the G8 : voices from L’Aquila ” , 10 July 2009 ) .
Draquila won a standing ovation at the 2010 Cannes film festival .
An earlier example of an artistic effort to make sense of Italy ’s predicament under Berlusconi is Nanni Moretti ’s Il Caimano , released just before the 2006 election .
Moretti had already played a major role in civil - society movements such as the girotondi , which campaigned against Berlusconi ’s conflicts of interests in the absence of any leadership from the official opposition .
“ With these leaders we will never win ” , he famously told a crowd in Piazza Navona in Rome in 2002 , with the centre - left functionaries behind him – largely the same crowd which leads the Democratic Party today .
More recently , the comic blogger Beppe Grillo - a constant critic of the corrupt nature of Italy ’s political class - has moved from marginal dissident to serious political opponent ; in the regional elections of March 2010 his Movimento a 5 Stelle ( Five - Star Movement ) captured half a million votes .
His challenge extends beyond Berlusconi to the timid and compromised politicians of the official opposition , among which only Antonio Di Pietro ’s Italia dei Valori ( Italy of Values ) Party offers an exception .
Beppe Grillo ’s imaginative use of new media has helped him to establish an extraordinary political network .
On their own , these “ cultural critics ” cannot end Berlusconismo and change Italy .
But in two ways they can provide a new opposition and revitalise Italy ’s public life .
First , they use a language which enables them to reach beyond the restrictions of the orthodox politicians and can help galvanise rather than alienate other dissentingl voices in civil society .
Second , they interrogate in a courageous and creative way the darker sides of the Berlusconi phenomenon .
Above all , they understand the nature of Silvio Berlusconi ’s power as well as its limits .
They do not retreat from difficult questions .
They have gone where the official opposition has feared to tread .
They provide hope , if not yet a vision , of a different Italy .
At the forefront of the new challengers to AK Party dominance is Mustafa Sarigül , leader of the popular Change movement and currently mayor of Istanbul 's leading borough , Sisili .
" Turkey has shifted to the East and is moving further away from the democractic countries of the Euro - Atlantic region .
It is drifting away from the principle of individual rights , " Mr Sarigul said .
" We need a new kind of politics that provides a different vision to that of the AK Party . "
A fun thing about working at Syfy is that we have a VERY vocal audience , and that means we get a lot of feedback .
I personally see hundreds of notes from viewers each week through e-mail , Twitter , on our message boards , on Facebook …even actual letters .
I also talk directly to viewers whenever I can , at places like Comic - Con or when I speak at Internet conferences .
Something viewers tell me all the time is that Syfy needs to LISTEN to its core audience and put the programming on that true sci- fi fans REALLY want to see .
I agree 110 % , except which audience and what programs ?
Turns out , just like the rest of the TV world , sci - fi fans do n't agree on what they like and do n't like .
For everyone that loves Stargate , I can find someone who hates it .
If you think giant monsters count as sci - fi , the next person over disagrees .
The most famous example I can think of is Battlestar Galactica .
When we announced the Battlestar remake and that Starbuck was going to be ( gasp ! ) a woman , a big selection of fandom went semi berserk .
They hated the idea that Battlestar was being remade , and they REALLY hated Starbuck 's gender switch .
In the Wikipedia entry for Starbuck there 's a great quote from Ron Moore on the topic :
When [ the fans ] heard Starbuck was going to be a woman , it was just like , There can never be peace between us !
Blood has been spilled !
Guess what went on to become our most beloved series of all time , and which character became the fan favorite ?
Had we listened to the massive outcry of fans who hated the idea , we never would have made what some ( including me ) consider one of the best sci - fi shows in history .
Let 's not even get started on opinions about the ending …
Another perennial hot topic is our Saturday night movies , which often involve outrageous monsters and limited budgets .
The fans who love them REALLY LOVE them and want more .
The fans who hate them REALLY HATE them and do n't want us to air them at all .
To give you an example , yesterday I asked on Twitter : " What do you think of Syfy 's Saturday night movies ?
Pro or con , I 'd like to hear for an upcoming post I 'm doing . "
Here are some of the replies :
CMSed @ Syfy Pro , Pro , oh my GOD PRO !
8DDD @Syfy
They seem like everything people do n't like about / expect from bad Science Fiction : poorly crafted silliness with horrid acting .
shinyinf o2 @ Syfy I LOVE the original movies .
Every Saturday night I look forward to them .
It 's always sad when you do n't play originals on
Sat. :( rocknjosie @ Syfy
If one more animal dinosaur hybrid movie gets greenlighted … well I guess I 'll just keep not watching them , so do what you gotta do Annaleen @ Syfy A wonderful guilty pleasure that keeps the old - fashioned drive - in movie spirit alive .
Titles alone are great !
" Mongolian Death Worm . " laeknir @ Syfy about Syfy Saturday night movies , never watch them .
Usually they are 1 - star or worse , other stations often have better shows / movies .
dtheories @ Syfy Enjoy Sat Night flicks .
Good break from studies .
Looking fwd to Lost Treasure and Shanks !
Any chance for Escape from Mars or Sumuru ?
naveedbhatti
@ Syfy they waste money that could have been used on things that were actually good , like Stargate : Atlantis Gyphon @ Syfy Saturday night movies are great .
Keep them coming !
bradzb @ Syfy honestly there has n't been one that I could watch for more then 30 minutes in awhile .
All pretty meh .
magicgirlsue @ Syfy I enjoy your Sat nite movies .
Original , campy , often a little twist - good fun !
( Thank you )
Ghost Hunters is another polarizing show .
People who believe in ghosts and think ghosts are part of science fiction love the show and want more .
People who do n't believe in ghosts or think ghosts do n't count as science fiction want us to take it off the air .
I 'm pretty sure I can guess where BoingBoing readers will fall ;)
The only thing all our viewers agree on is that each one of them is right and people who do n't agree with them are wrong !
Our solution to this dilemma is simple :
We take everyone 's opinion into account .
Not only about shows , but about individual episodes of shows .
I 've grown to love logging onto Twitter during episodes of our original series to talk to viewers about what they like ( and do n't like ) while they 're watching live .
It 's an amazingly fun and enlightening experience .
On a broader level , it 's why we provide a mix of programming .
We have Ghost Hunters and monster / disaster movies and dramas like Caprica and Stargate : Universe and old school series like Star Trek and The Outer Limits and " dramedies " ( I personally hate that word btw ) like Warehouse 13 and Eureka and reality shows like Destination Truth , etc .
It 's a system that 's inherently imperfect , always boisterous , ludicrously fun and actually works pretty well in the end .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Gordon Brown has announced he will step down as Labour leader by September - as his party opens formal talks with the Lib Dems about forming a government .
The PM 's continued presence in Downing Street was seen as harming Labour 's chances of reaching a deal .
Labour and the Tories are both trying to woo the Lib Dems with promises on electoral reform as the battle to run the country reaches its critical phase .
No party won a Commons overall majority at Thursday 's general election .
The Tories , who won the most seats and votes , reacted to Mr Brown 's announcement that he was standing down as Labour leader by making a " final offer " to the Lib Dems of a referendum on changing the voting method to the Alternative Vote ( AV ) system .
Labour are offering to put the AV system into law and then hold a referendum asking voters to approve it .
' Progressive majority '
It is now understood the Lib Dems are seeking a full coalition with either Labour or the Conservatives .
A senior Lib Dem source indicated that he expected a resolution to the process of shaping the new government to be reached within the next 24 hours , saying that tomorrow was " crunch time " .
A meeting of the party 's MPs continued beyond midnight and ended with no firm decisions taken , the BBC understands .
BROWN TO STAND DOWN Tory ' final offer ' on vote reform Q&A : Brown 's decision to quit Gordon Brown 's rise and fall Labour leader : Runners and riders
In quotes : Resignation reaction
In pictures : Gordon Brown BBC political editor Nick Robinson said Mr Brown 's resignation was an audacious bid by Mr Brown to keep Labour in power - and himself in power for a limited period - and that Tory MPs would be furious .
In his statement , Mr Brown said Britain had a " parliamentary and not presidential system " and said there was a " progressive majority " of voters .
He said if the national interest could be best served by a coalition between the Lib Dems and Labour he would " discharge that duty to form that government " .
But he added that no party had won an overall majority in the UK general election and , as Labour leader , he had to accept that as a judgement on him .
Leadership process " I therefore intend to ask the Labour Party to set in train the processes needed for its own leadership election .
" I would hope that it would be completed in time for the new leader to be in post by the time of the Labour Party conference .
" I will play no part in that contest , I will back no individual candidate . "
He has urged potential candidates , such as Foreign Secretary David Miliband and Schools Secretary Ed Balls , not to launch their campaigns yet .
Harriet Harman has ruled herself out of the race , saying she wants to continue as deputy leader .
POSSIBLE OUTCOMES
Tory - Lib Dem coalition forms government with working majority Labour - Lib Dem coalition forms government but has to rely on support of smaller parties such as SNP and Plaid Cymru Conservative minority government , if Lib Dems fail to reach deal with Lib Dems or Labour Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg had requested formal negotiations with Labour and it was " sensible and in the national interest " to respond positively to the request , Mr Brown said .
It emerged earlier that the Lib Dem negotiating team , who have held days of talks with the Conservatives , had also met senior Labour figures in private .
But it was understood that one of the stumbling blocks to any Labour - Lib Dem deal was Mr Brown himself .
Mr Clegg said he was " very grateful to David Cameron and his negotiation team " and they had had " very constructive talks " and made a " great deal of progress " .
' Smooth transition '
But he said they had not " reached a comprehensive partnership agreement for a full Parliament " so far and it was the " responsible thing to do " to open negotiations with the Labour Party on the same basis , while continuing talks with the Tories .
" Gordon Brown has taken a difficult personal decision in the national interest , " he said .
" And I think without prejudice to the talks that will now happen between Labour and the Liberal Democrats , Gordon Brown 's decision is an important element which could help ensure a smooth transition to the stable government that everyone deserves . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Lib Dems have long campaigned for a change to the voting system - something which the Conservatives have strongly opposed .
But speaking after a meeting of Conservative MPs , following Mr Brown 's statement , shadow foreign secretary William Hague said they were prepared to " go the extra mile " on electoral reform - and offer a referendum on switching to AV in return for a coalition government .
He said the Lib Dems had to choose whether to back them or a government that would not be stable - because it would have to rely on the votes of other minor parties - and would have an " unelected prime minister " for the second time in a row .
Labour scepticism
He also said the Labour offer was for a switch to the AV system , without a referendum , which he believed was undemocratic .
The BBC understands , from Lib Dem sources , that the Labour offer is legislation to introduce AV , followed by a referendum on proportional representation .
Under AV no candidate is elected without at least 50 % of the vote , after second preferences are taken into account , but it is not considered full proportional representation .
Meanwhile BBC political correspondent Iain Watson said he understood some cabinet members were sceptical about the idea of a " progressive alliance " with the Lib Dems and were concerned it would look bad .
And he said Mr Brown would be asking Cabinet ministers not to launch immediate leadership campaigns , for fear it would look undignified .
I think the country passed its verdict .
Gordon , they want you to go now
Nigel Evans
Conservative MP
John Mann , the first Labour MP to call for him to go after the election result , said Mr Brown had made a " wise and brave " decision .
Cabinet minister Douglas Alexander told Sky News Mr Brown had decided to step down last week but was " very keen to ensure that he meets his constitutional obligations which is to ensure that a government is formed " .
And the SNP's Westminster leader Angus Robertson said it was " inevitable " Mr Brown would have to go and he had " done the right thing " .
But Conservative MP Nigel Evans told the BBC : " The fact he 's going in September , I think the country passed its verdict .
Gordon , they want you to go now . "
Labour backbencher Graham Stringer said he did not believe a coalition with the Lib Dems would work and could damage the party : " I do n't think it makes sense in the arithmetic - the numbers do n't add up . "
The Tories secured 306 of the 649 constituencies contested on 6 May .
It leaves the party short of the 326 MPs needed for an outright majority , with the Thirsk and Malton seat - where the election was postponed after the death of a candidate - still to vote .
Labour finished with 258 MPs , down 91 , the Lib Dems 57 , down five , and other parties 28 .
If Labour and the Lib Dems joined forces , they would still not have an overall majority .
With the support of the Northern Irish SDLP , one Alliance MP , and nationalists from Scotland and Wales they would reach 328 , rising to 338 if the DUP , the independent unionist and the new Green MP joined them .
Coalition scenarios Sinn Fein 's five MPs are not included in these coalition scenarios as they traditionally do not take up their seats .
Technically , however , 326 remains the figure needed for an overall majority .
The seat of Thirsk and Malton is also not included as the election there was delayed due to a candidate 's death .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lefteris Pitarakis / Associated Press
The United States Justice Department said on Wednesday that it was considering legal action to block British Petroleum from paying dividends to make sure the company covers all costs related to the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has said BP would be asked to pay energy companies for losses if they had to lay off workers because of the moratorium on deepwater drilling .
BP , whose shares dropped 7 percent in London on Thursday , said it would decide next month whether keep a quarterly dividend of 14 cents a share for the second quarter , a payout of about $ 2.6 billion .
Needless to say , investors in Britain were furious because BP dividends accounted for some 12 percent of all dividends handed out by British companies last year .
Should the U.S. stop BP from paying dividends to its shareholders ?
What would be the consequences of this action ?
The Justice Department Is Right
Lynn A. Stout is the Paul Hastings professor of corporate and securities law at U.C.L.A. and an expert on corporate governance .
Suppose you own shares in a company that causes a disaster .
Perhaps your company blows up a village in India , or sells an arthritis drug that proves to cause heart attacks , or negligently causes the largest oil spill in the history of the United States .
As a shareholder , you have limited liability and are not personally responsible for the damages .
You do , however , have to worry about losing your investment .
There is a chance , slim but not zero , the company will eventually have to pay out damages that exceed its net assets .
What should you do ?
It ’s not out of the question to think that BP might eventually find its assets insufficient to cover the bill .
As any corporate finance expert would tell you , you should immediately start draining any and all cash out of the firm into your own pockets .
The best and quickest way to do this , of course , is to pay yourself a very large dividend .
This scenario explains why , on Wednesday , the U.S. Justice Department announced that it was “ concerned ” about BP ’s plan to pay its shareholders approximately $ 10 billion in dividends .
On first inspection , it might be tempting to dismiss the Justice Department ’s protests as blown out of proportion .
Surely BP has enough money to pay for the costs of the spill and a dividend , too .
After all , BP is one of the largest public companies in the world .
Read more …
But the disaster unfolding in the Gulf of Mexico is also one of the largest — and still ongoing — environmental disasters in the world .
Experts fear that the oil may eventually spread not only throughout the Gulf , but across the Florida Keys and up the Atlantic coast .
Meanwhile , BP has stated publicly that whatever the legal limits on its liability , it will pay all “ legitimate ” claims for damages resulting from the spill .
These public statements themselves offer a legal basis for BP ’s liability .
Is it really entirely out of the question that , should the spill end up permanently destroying one of the most productive and fragile ecosystems on the planet , BP might eventually find its assets insufficient to cover the bill ?
If it ’s not entirely out the question , the Justice Department is right to be concerned .
As the BP spill illustrates , what ’s good for shareholders is not always what ’s good for the rest of us .
Crossing the Line
Jeffrey A. Miron is a senior lecturer and the director of undergraduate studies at Harvard University and a senior fellow at the Cato Institute .
He blogs at jeffreymiron.com and is the author of “ Libertarianism , from A to Z . ”
In an unprecedented move , the Obama administration is calling on BP to abandon the protection of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 , which limits BP ’s liability under federal law to $ 75 million in damages , plus cleanup costs .
As horrible as the damage from the spill might be , abandoning the rule of law , which is what the administration ’s proposals imply , is worse .
As horrible as the damage from the spill might be , abandoning the rule of law , which is what the administration ’s proposals imply , is worse .
BP has not been convicted of anything yet , nor is the magnitude of damages known , so BP should be free to operate as a legal company in the meantime .
This might mean that , when judgments occur in future years , BP will be bankrupt and unable to pay .
That is unfortunate , but it is what the rule of law requires .
BP has every right to avail itself of the protections of the 1990 Act .
The company may choose to pay more than its legal obligation out of concern for public relations , but that should be BP ’s choice , not the result of strong - arming by politicians .
Read more …
And BP did not cause workers to be idled at other deep - water drilling sites ; the administration caused that by imposing its moratorium .
The lessons learned from the BP spill may ultimately suggest that future drilling should be curtailed or that oil companies should pay more up front as a “ down payment ” against possible damages .
But that is relevant to future decisions , not existing arrangements .
The rule of law can have unpleasant consequences in specific cases .
But abandoning that rule is worse because it means that politicians can reward the business or individuals they like without regard for consistency , fairness or economic efficiency .
Businesses operating without rule of law learn that political connections , not good business decisions , are the path to profits .
The U.S. should not fix past mistakes , by government or BP , by punishing BP in inappropriate ways .
The way to balance cheap oil and the environment is to hold BP accountable as much as possible under existing policies and then design better policies for the future .
BP Needs to Regain Credibility
Nils Pratley is financial editor of the Guardian in Britain .
BP ’s attempt to cling to its dividend is not smart .
Oil is still belching from the seabed .
While that is so , nobody can estimate confidently the size of the final bill , even to the nearest $ 10 billion .
So do n’t send out a message that you ’ve assessed the likely costs and concluded that a $ 10 billion - a - year payment to shareholders is affordable .
A suspension of dividends would be an expression of good intent toward an understandably skeptical U.S. audience .
Things may yet turn out that way — and we should certainly hope so because a bankrupt BP would serve nobody ’s interests — but it ’s too early to judge .
True , some shareholders would be alarmed by a suspension of payments .
In Britain , dividends are seen as the firmest expression of a management ’s bond with shareholders .
Tony Hayward knows this .
Two years ago , when a falling oil price represented the biggest threat to BP ’s dividend , he said : “ I pay taxes so I do n’t go to jail ; I pay dividends so I do n’t get fired . ”
Read more …
But in those days the trade - off was between cash for shareholders and cash for capital expenditure .
BP today is fighting for its reputation .
Its priority should be to protect its assets and ensure it is in a position to pay dividends in two and 20 years ’ time .
If that implies a short - term dividend sacrifice , so be it .
The biggest threat to BP ’s future seems to be the increasingly shrill and populist tone adopted by the Obama administration .
The notion that BP should have to pay the wages of other companies ’ workers laid off by the moratorium on deepwater drilling is absurd .
BP can not be expected to pick up bills of that sort — the trail would be never - ending .
BP needs to make that point diplomatically and sensitively .
To do so , it must try to regain a little moral credibility .
A suspension of dividends , as an expression of good intent toward an understandably skeptical U.S. audience , would be a start .
Good Financial Sense
Steven Kaplan is the Neubauer Family Professor of Entrepreneurship and Finance at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business where he focuses on issues in corporate finance and corporate governance .
Companies cut or eliminate their dividends when the net cash flows generated by the company no longer support the dividend payment .
A dividend cut is usually met with a large stock price decline precisely because it reveals that fact to the world .
A dividend cut could actually help raise BP ’s stock price — but the government forcing BP ’s hand would be harmful .
A cut tells shareholders that the company is in worse shape than they thought .
That is one reason why companies try hard to maintain their dividends .
In BP ’s case , a dividend cut is unlikely to have the usual negative effect and may , in fact , have a positive one .
Everyone already knows the predicament BP is in .
BP has incurred and continues to incur large and unknown costs from the oil spill .
BP is responsible for all cleanup costs of the spill under the Oil Pollution Act .
Read more …
BP is potentially liable for economic damages like lost wages and lost tourism dollars .
This will occur if the company is found to have acted negligently or criminally .
It may also occur if Congress succeeds in raising liability limits .
BP ’s stock price has fallen precipitously as the expected costs and liabilities have increased .
A dividend cut , therefore , will not reveal any new bad news .
At the same time , ironically , a dividend cut will pay an unusual dividend .
Part of the reason the stock price has plunged is because of the likelihood that BP will face increased legal liabilities and political costs .
Paying the dividend will further enrage U.S. politicians and increase the likelihood that those legal liabilities and political costs grow .
If BP cuts the dividend , President Obama , Nancy Pelosi and others will no longer be able to accuse BP of paying shareholders before paying the victims of the spill .
On this dimension , a dividend cut should actually help raise the stock price .
Cutting the dividend may be a good idea for another reason .
Last year , BP generated cash flow from operations of $ 27 billion and spent $ 20 billion on capital and exploration expenditures for a next cash flow from operations of $ 7 billion .
BP paid more than this , $ 10 billion , in dividends , leading to a cash flow deficit of $ 3 billion .
Counting the dividend , BP lost money last year .
With the substantial cleanup costs this year , BP is certain to lose money again if it pays the same $ 10 billion in dividends .
The shortfall will have to be made up by borrowing .
And , BP ’s borrowing costs have increased substantially ( again because of the risk of high liabilities ) .
If BP pays the dividend , it will be forced to borrow additional money at what are likely to be high interest rates .
While it makes good sense for BP to cut or eliminate its dividend voluntarily , it is not a good idea for the U.S. to enjoin BP from paying its dividend .
While it may score some immediate political points , the overall effects are likely to be harmful because it would be yet one more indication that the U.S. government and Congress are hostile to business and are trying to tell business what to do .
Such government hostility increases uncertainty and makes it unattractive to do business in the U.S .
And this is part of the reason ( possibly a large part ) why more companies do not hire and invest in the U.S .
Creditor Competence
William K. Black , an associate professor of economics and law at the University of Missouri–Kansas City , is a former top federal financial regulator .
He is the author of “ The Best Way to Rob a Bank is to Own One . ”
My answer comes from the perspective of a former litigation director of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and regional enforcement director of the Office of Thrift Supervision during the savings and loan crisis .
We successfully brought preliminary civil and administrative actions on behalf of the United States to “ freeze ” assets of private citizens or corporations against whom we had legal claims .
The U.S. is BP ’s biggest creditor — it should act like it .
The fundamental truth of litigation is that it does little good to eventually win a legal claim for damages or restitution if you cannot collect on the claim .
If the corporation puts assets out of the reach of the U.S. , the citizens will lose .
Dividends not only put money out of the reach of the U.S. , but also reward the people most responsible for causing the damage .
BP ’s officers and employees , in their capacity as shareholders , are the most obvious example of this , but shareholders are also responsible as owners of the corporation .
The deal shareholders make when they invest is that if the corporation cannot pay its debts to creditors the shareholders get nothing .
Read more …
BP could be insolvent if it is held responsible for the tremendous damages it has caused .
The U.S. should not have to tell BP not to pay dividends ( or senior executive bonuses ) .
Of course , if BP acted prudently it would not have a horrific record of regulatory violations , several of which led to multiple deaths .
It is no surprise that BP intends to pay dividends and bonuses .
But any smart huge , unsecured creditor of BP should act to protect its ability to recover damages by suing to block the dividend payment .
This is not “ socialism ” or government putting its boot on BP ’s neck — this is a question of competence as creditor .
In the savings and loan debacle , a holding company ( Pinnacle West ) owned 100 percent of a deeply insolvent savings and loan ( MeraBank ) .
The holding company refused to honor the agreement it signed with the U.S. to maintain the bank ’s capital ( keep it solvent and healthy ) .
The holding company tried to evade the agreement by paying an unusual “ dividend ” to its shareholders .
The dividend would consist of its stock in the insolvent bank .
The holding company would no longer “ control ” the bank ( because its shareholders would now own it ) , so the holding company would no longer be subject to the “ net worth maintenance agreement . ”
The federal government threatened to sue to block the dividend and brought an emergency enforcement action .
The government acted even though the holding company was very large and politically connected .
The result was that the holding company paid $ 450 million to the United States .
Had we not acted to block the dividend , the taxpayers would have lost an additional $ 450 million .
Will the Department of Justice show similar competence and determination in blocking BP ’s dividend ?
No Legal Grounds
J.W. Verret is an assistant professor at George Mason Law School , where he teaches corporate and securities law .
He is also a senior scholar with the Mercatus Center , the director of the Corporate Federalism Initiative and a contributor to Truth on the Market .
There are no legal grounds for the Department of Justice to seek an injunction against British Petroleum to prohibit its scheduled dividend .
The law offers options to stop dividend payments in the case of bankruptcy , but there is no indication that BP is facing bankruptcy .
Even if BP ’s dividend distribution is a bad idea , it is not the Justice Department ’s call to make .
Despite actor Alec Baldwin ’s hopes to the contrary , BP has a sufficient cushion to pay for its expected clean - up costs even if they are greater than expected .
In the absence of a bankruptcy threat , the company has the authority to issue dividends .
If the dividend is halted , everyday citizens who hold shares through their pensions will be harmed .
But the harm stretches even beyond that group .
Read more …
Legal procedure is not as interesting as the closing arguments in an episode of “ Law and Order ” or even the president ’s remarks on NBC ’s “ Today Show . ”
Yet careful attention to legal procedure remains the vital foundation of our rule - of - law culture .
We make judges , lawyers and litigants follow established rules because we do n’t trust any one person or institution with too much power .
The minute we set those protections aside for one case against a defendant whom we all dislike , we set aside the procedures that protect our rights as well .
But this decision should come as no surprise .
The Obama administration also casually ignored the rule of law in its management of the financial bailout .
Even if BP ’s dividend decision is a bad idea , it is not the Justice Department ’s call to make .
The timing of this development , when the BP disaster has brought the president ’s poll numbers to an all - time low , indicates that the independence of the Justice Department may be at risk .
The Founding Fathers were mindful of politically motivated prosecutions by the English Crown .
That concern was the primary impetus for the constitutional protections in the Bill of Rights .
The decision under consideration by the Justice Department undermines its integrity and threatens the rule of law .
Extraordinary Remedy , Extraordinary Case
Tom Baker is a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School .
When there are n’t enough lifeboats on a sinking ship , who gets left behind ?
The passengers in first class ?
Probably not .
More likely , it ’s the working stiffs booked in steerage , along with the maids and porters .
BP can , and should , pay governments , the fishing industry and the owners of coastal properties for their losses .
What if the owner happens to be on board ?
He got the ship cheap , because the builder skimped on lifeboats .
Does he go down with the ship , as his just reward ?
Not when it ’s the good ship BP , taking on water as it spews oil across the Gulf .
BP wants to let the owners — the shareholders — board the lifeboats first , by paying them a dividend .
Not so fast , says the Justice Department .
That ’s not fair .
No updates could be found
It was not by making yourself heard but by staying sane that you carried on the human heritage .
… [ Doublethink is ] to hold simultaneously two opinions which cancelled out , knowing them to be contradictory and believing in both , to repudiate morality while laying claim to it .
… [ Continuous ] war involves very small numbers of people , mostly highly trained specialists . …
The fighting … takes place on the vague frontiers whose whereabouts the average man can only guess at . …
— George Orwell , “ 1984 ”
[ The treatment of the ] hapless race of native Americans , which we are exterminating with such merciless and perfidious cruelty , [ is ] among the heinous sins of this nation , for which I believe God will one day bring [ it ] to judgment .
— John Quincy Adams , cited in Noam Chomsky ’s new book , “ Hopes and Prospects ”
Noam Chomsky ’s description of the dangers posed by U.S. elites ’ “ Imperial Mentality ” was recently given a boost in credibility by a surprising source — Bill Clinton .
As America ’s economy , foreign policy and politics continue to unravel , it is clear that this mentality and the system it has created will produce an increasing number of victims in the years to come .
Clinton startlingly testified to that effect on March 10 to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee :
Since 1981 the United States has followed a policy until the last year or so , when we started rethinking it , that we rich countries that produce a lot of food should sell it to poor countries and relieve them of the burden of producing their own food so thank goodness they can lead directly into the industrial era .
It has not worked .
It may have been good for some of my farmers in Arkansas , but it has not worked .
It was a mistake .
It was a mistake that I was a party to .
I am not pointing the finger at anybody .
I did that .
I have to live every day with the consequences of the lost capacity to produce a rice crop in Haiti to feed those people , because of what I did , nobody else .
Clinton is to be praised for being the first U.S. president to take personal responsibility for impoverishing an entire nation rather than ignoring his misdeeds or falsely blaming local U.S. - imposed regimes .
But his confession also means that his embrace of the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank , the World Trade Organization and NAFTA “ neo-liberalization ” destroyed the lives of many more millions well beyond Haiti , as U.S. support for heavily subsidized U.S. agribusiness damaged local agricultural economies throughout Latin America and beyond .
This led to mass migration into urban slums and destitution , as well as increased emigration to the U.S. — which then led Clinton to militarize the border in 1994 — and thus accelerated the “ illegal immigration ” issue that so poisons U.S. politics today .
Clinton might also have added that he and other U.S. leaders imposed such policies by force , installing military dictators and vicious police and paramilitary forces .
Chomsky reports in “ Hopes and Prospects ” that in Haiti , semiofficial thugs empowered by a U.S. - supported coup murdered 8,000 people and raped 35,000 women in 2004 and 2005 alone , while a tiny local elite reaps most of the benefits from U.S. policies .
Clinton ’s testimony reminded me of one of my visits with Chomsky , back in 1988 , when , after talking for an hour or so , he smiled and said he had to stop to get back to writing about the children of Haiti .
I was struck both by his concern for forgotten Haitians and because his comment so recalled my experience with him in 1970 as he spent a week researching U.S. war - making in Laos .
I had taken dozens of journalists , peace activists , diplomats , experts and others out to camps of refugees who had fled U.S. saturation bombing .
Chomsky was one of only two who wept openly upon learning how these innocent villagers had seen their beloved grandmothers burned alive , their children slowly suffocated , their spouses cut to ribbons , during five years of merciless , pitiless and illegal U.S. bombing for which U.S. leaders would have been executed had international law protecting civilians in wartime been applied to their actions .
It was obvious that he was above all driven by a deep feeling for the world ’s victims , those he calls the “ unpeople ” in his new book .
No U.S. policymakers I knew in Laos , nor the many I have met since , have shared such concerns .
Bill Clinton ’s testimony also reminded me of the accuracy of Chomsky writings on Haiti — before , during and after Clinton ’s reign — as summed up in “ Hopes and Prospects ” :
The Clinton doctrine , presented to Congress , was that the US is entitled to resort to “ unilateral use of military power ” to ensure “ uninhibited access to key markets , energy supplies and strategic resources . ”
In Haiti , Clinton [ imposed ] harsh neoliberal rules that were guaranteed to crush what remained of the economy , as they did .
Clinton would have a cleaner conscience today had he listened to Chomsky then .
Many more Americans may also benefit by heeding Chomsky today , as U.S. elites ’ callousness toward unpeople abroad is now affecting increasing numbers of their fellow citizens back home .
Nothing symbolizes this more than investment bankers tricking countless Americans out of their life savings by luring them into buying homes they could not afford that were then foreclosed on .
In doing so , Wall Streeters exhibited what Chomsky describes as a Western elite imperial mentality , dating back to 1491 ( his first chapter is entitled “ Year 514 : Globalization for Whom ? ” ) .
Only this time instead of impoverishing Haitians or Chileans , it was Americans who were afflicted by a “ system ” of “ fuck the poor ” ( in the words of successful Wall Street trader Steve Eisman ) .
[ See Branfman ’s review of “ The Big Short ” in Truthdig . ]
The many Americans whose lives have been damaged by financiers ’ single - minded focus on short - term profits at the expense of everyone else are only a harbinger of what is to come .
Financial elites remain in charge , as evidenced by recent “ financial reform ” legislation that does not even reinstate the Glass - Steagall law separating investment and commercial banking .
New York magazine has described how Obama officials blocked even inadequate reforms , let alone the stronger proposals from Nouriel Roubini , one of the few major economists to foresee the economic crash .
Former International Monetary Fund chief economist Simon Johnson tells us “ our banking structure remains — and the incentive and belief system that lies behind reckless risk - taking has only become more dangerous , ” thus setting the stage for an even worse crash than that of 2008 .
And , as U.S. competitiveness continues to decline and it cannot afford its endless wars without drastically cutting social spending , countless more Americans will find themselves paying the price for U.S. elites ’ imperial mentality .
This mentality described by Chomsky includes the following elements : ( 1 ) a single - minded focus on maximizing short - term elite economic and military interests ; ( 2 ) a refusal to let other societies follow their own paths if perceived to conflict with these interests ; ( 3 ) continual and massive violations of international law ; ( 4 ) indifference to human life , particularly in the Third World ; ( 5 ) massive violation of the U.S. Constitution , especially through the executive branch ’s seizure of the power to wage unilateral and unaccountable war in every corner of the globe ; ( 6 ) indifference to U.S. and international public opinion , which is often more progressive and humane than that of the elites ; ( 7 ) a remarkable ability to “ manufacture consent , ” aided by the mass media and intellectuals , that has blinded most Americans to the truth of what their leaders actually do in their names .
To pick but one example of the dozens Chomsky provides : U.S. elite opinion unanimously celebrated the 1990 Nicaraguan election defeating the Sandinistas as a “ victory for fair play , ” to quote a March 10 New York Times Op - Ed article .
But Chomsky reminds us of Time Magazine ’s March 12 report on just what this “ fair play ” meant :
In Nicaragua , Washington stumbled on an arm ’s - length policy : wreck the economy and prosecute a long and deadly proxy war until the exhausted natives overthrow the unwanted government themselves .
The past ten years have savaged the country ’s civilians , not its comandantes .
The impoverishment of the people of Nicaragua was a harrowing way to give the National Opposition Union ( U.N.O. ) a winning issue .
Wrecking a Third World country ’s economy and savaging its civilians are such standard U.S. elite behavior that it is barely noticed , let alone criticized in the mass media or halls of Congress .
Perhaps the most dramatic example of America ’s imperial mentality , however , is the answer to the following question :
Which nation ’s leaders since 1945 have murdered , maimed , made homeless , tortured , assassinated and impoverished the largest number of civilians who were not its own citizens ?
I have asked this question of Americans in every walk of life since I discovered the bombing of Laos in 1969 .
It ’s a simple matter of fact , not involving judgments of right and wrong , and I remain astonished at how most answer “ the Russians , ” “ the Chinese , ” or just have no idea that their leaders have killed more noncitizen civilians than the rest of the world ’s leaders combined since 1945 .
The bodies of Indochinese and Iraqi civilians for which U.S. leaders bear responsibility would , if laid end to end , stretch from New York to California .
These would include the huge proportion of civilians among the 3.4 million Vietnamese that Robert McNamara estimated were killed in Vietnam ( over 90 percent by U.S. firepower ) , Laotian and Cambodian civilians felled by the largest per capita and most indiscriminate bombing of civilian targets in history , the 1 million to 1.5 million Iraqis estimated by the U.N. ’s Denis Halliday to have died from Clinton ’s sanctions “ designed , ” in Halliday ’s words , “ to kill civilians , particularly children , ” and the hundreds of thousands killed as a result of the Bush invasion .
The total number of civilians killed , wounded , made homeless and impoverished by U.S. leaders or local regimes owing their power to U.S. guns and aid — in not only Indochina and Iraq but Mexico , El Salvador , Israel / Palestine , the Dominican Republic , Panama , Nicaragua , Guatemala , Egypt , Iran , South Africa , Chile , East Timor , Haiti , Argentina , Ecuador , Brazil , Bolivia , Venezuela , Cuba , Jamaica , the Philippines and Indonesia — is in the tens of millions .
One can debate whether U.S. military action against Vietnamese communists , Nicaraguan Sandinistas , Saddam Hussein or the Taliban were or are warranted .
But there can be no possible justification for waging war that winds up killing and impoverishing much of the civilian population , on whose behalf U.S. leaders claim to fight , in violation of the laws of war and elemental human decency .
Nor can anyone who truly believes in democracy support allowing a handful of U.S. leaders to savage civilians abroad without even informing , let alone seeking permission of , Congress and the American people .
The incredible fact that U.S. leaders could inflict such carnage without their citizenry knowing is the single most dramatic example of another of Chomsky ’s major themes : “ manufactured consent , ” produced by ( 1 ) constant iterations of U.S leaders ’ idealism and desire to promote freedom , supported by the mass media ( e.g. when Washington Post columnist David Ignatius called Paul Wolfowitz Bush ’s “ idealist - in - chief , ” even as their invasion was laying waste to Iraq ) , ( 2 ) massive media coverage of the misdeeds of the latest U.S. opponents , and ( 3 ) ignoring our own , often far greater , crimes .
Most Americans were fully and appropriately made aware of Taliban assassinations of their opponents , for example .
But there was no public discussion of guilt , let alone punishment for those responsible , when Gen.
Stanley McChrystal implicitly admitted in the summer of 2009 that the U.S. military had been killing countless Afghan civilians for the previous eight years as a result of air and artillery fire aimed at population centers .
Nor are most Americans aware that McChrystal was rewarded with his present post , being in charge of the Afghanistan war , for conducting five years of assassination and torture as head of the top- secret Joint Special Operations Command in Iraq .
Chomsky is especially concerned with the Israeli - Palestinian conflict in general , and U.S. - Israel treatment of the people of Gaza in particular .
He notes that Hamas is regularly attacked in the U.S. press , but there has not been comparable attention given to the U.S. / Israeli decision to inflict daily collective punishment on the people of Gaza since they democratically elected Hamas in January 2006 .
He quotes Article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention of 1950 , which states that “ no protected person may be punished for an offence he or she had not personally committed ” and reports how Israel , fully supported by U.S. leaders , continues to inflict precisely such punishment on the people of Gaza by destroying their economy , limiting their access to food and water , denying them health care , restricting their movement , and engaging in kidnapping , assassination and bombing — a program he calls “ imposing massive suffering on the animals in the Gaza prison . ”
Perhaps the most basic reason Americans should read Chomsky ’s work today , therefore , is simply to understand the real world in which they live , that which is obscured by their leaders and the U.S. mass media .
The purpose of “ Newspeak ” in the novel “ 1984 ” was to eliminate whole categories of thought .
In our time , one such category is the fact that “ U.S. leaders regularly and illegally kill enormous numbers of foreign innocent civilians . ”
The elimination of this thought - category in our cognitive framework understandably led President George W. Bush to explain 9/11 by saying “ they hate our freedom ” — a logical conclusion to someone ignorant of the trail of blood left by his predecessors .
As Chomsky notes , however , “ historical amnesia is a dangerous phenomenon … because it lays the groundwork for crimes ahead ” and , it should be noted , increased dangers of terrorism against Americans .
This increased threat of terrorism , which , Chomsky reports , citing the New American Foundation , has increased sevenfold because of the invasion of Iraq , is a second area in which Americans are today increasingly threatened by their leaders ’ imperial mentality .
As many experts noted in the wake of the Times Square bombing attempt , Barack Obama ’s vast increase in drone strikes in Pakistan — and relaxing targeting rules to include “ low - level fighters whose identities may not be known ” — has further increased the danger of terrorist attacks in the U.S .
As the elites ’ imperial mentality comes home , Americans are also increasingly threatened by climate change — produced by a system that statutorily requires elites to pursue short - term profit for their firms , even at the cost of destroying the biosphere their own children and grandchildren will depend on for life itself .
In today ’s system , Chomsky explains , to “ stay in the game , ” CEOs must maximize their own short - term profits while treating the costs of doing so as “ externalities ” to be paid by the taxpayer .
In the case of climate change , however , “ externalities happen to be the fate of the species . ”
An imperial mentality which has primarily threatened the Third World in the past , in other words , has now become a threat to the survival of not only America but all civilization as we know it .
Chomsky thus argues that human survival requires changing the system , not merely periodically replacing those running it .
His “ Hopes and Prospects ” covers President Obama ’s first year in office and the many “ hopes ” that he has so profoundly disappointed because of a system that virtually requires “ doublethink ” of its leaders .
Obama was undoubtedly as sincere when he spoke of “ our fidelity to the rule of law and our Constitution ” at West Point on May 22 as he was six months earlier when he secretly approved Gen. David Petraeus ’ proposal for a “ broad expansion of clandestine military activity ” worldwide that “ does not require the president ’s approval or regular reports to Congress . ”
Obama also presumably holds two contradictory opinions when , as Chomsky reports , he continues Bush policies he so recently criticized and promised to change : extending executive power to indefinitely imprison people without trial , torture ( though by allied rather than U.S. torturers ) , indiscriminate killing ( particularly by escalating in northern Pakistan , as described in Truthdig , “ Unintended Consequences in Nuclear Pakistan ” ) , and supporting Israeli policies precluding a two - state solution .
Chomsky also observes that Obama could not have been elected in the first place , given his greater need for campaign funds from above than fidelity to his voters below , had he not been prepared to continue these imperial policies .
Chomsky ’s explanation of the American system ’s imperial mentality also illuminates a seeming mystery :
How could decent people like Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton and Barack Obama commit so much evil ?
Our concept of evil is shaped by such paranoid psychotics as Hitler , Stalin and Mao , who all hated their victims and openly lusted for power .
We do not yet understand that in today ’s American system the problem we face is not so much inhumanity from the mad and evil as “ ahumanity ” from the sane and decent .
U.S. leaders have nothing against those they regularly kill and impoverish .
On the contrary , they often exhibit compassion for them , as when Jimmy Carter supported human rights .
But they are products of a system that is indifferent to the fate of the unpeople , whether in the shah ’s Iran , Somoza ’s Nicaragua , Suharto ’s Indonesia or the many other dictatorial regimes that enjoyed President Carter ’s support .
Chomsky denies the oft - heard charge that he is “ anti-American , ” noting his criticism of the crimes of many other nations ’ leaders , and saying he focuses on U.S. leaders because , as a U.S. citizen , it is the government he can most affect ; because it is the government that has done more harm than any other since 1945 ; and because the United States ’ behavior today poses so much danger to human survival .
He might also add that there are so many others eager to catalog the crimes of America ’s enemies , yet relatively few Americans willing to document their own leaders ’ misdeeds .
At the moment , Chomsky ’s proposed solutions are politically unthinkable .
As the American economy and polity continues to unravel and suffering mounts at home and abroad , however , a mass movement may arise that is capable of saving America and the world .
If so , such a movement is likely to attempt solutions of the sort Chomsky proposes .
Here are two out of a far larger number :
State capitalism for the many : The American Enterprise Institute ’s chief declared in a May 23 Washington Post Op - Ed that “ America faces a new culture war , ” between “ free enterprise ” offering “ rewards determined by market forces ” and “ European - style statism . ”
“ Hopes and Prospects ” explains at some length , however , why this formulation is absurd .
America ’s “ free enterprise ” system has always been based on massive government aid , from the Army building 19th century railroads , to the Pentagon ’s post - World War II role in building the Internet and Silicon Valley , to today ’s “ rewards ” to Wall Street and oil companies determined not by market forces , but those companies ’ political clout .
America has been practicing “ state capitalism ” since the founding of the Republic , and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future no matter which party is in office .
The real choice , Chomsky makes clear , is not free enterprise versus statism , but state capitalism for ( A ) the few or ( B ) the many .
The latter would include breaking up the banks , a focus on job creation and safety net expansion where needed , single - payer health insurance , higher taxes on the wealthy , far lower military spending , public members on corporate boards , greater employee workplace control and , above all , a new public - private partnership to see America become a leader in a clean energy economic revolution .
A Nuclear Weapons - Free Zone and Two - State Solution in the Middle East : Chomsky proposes that rather than continuing to engage in senseless fighting and confronting Iran over nuclear weapons , U.S. , Israeli , Arab and Iranian interests would be far better served by the U.S. using its enormous military and economic clout to create a Mideast nuclear weapons - free zone that Iran says it is willing to accept , and a comprehensive and fair Israeli - Palestinian settlement including Hamas ’ promised recognition of Israel and cessation of rocket attacks .
A major benefit to the U.S. would be to reduce the threat of domestic terrorism .
For only a comprehensive new policy that addresses the source of anti-U.S. hatred — U.S. war - making on civilians and support of corrupt and vicious local regimes — can reduce it .
Fifty years ago , Americans were told that the North Vietnamese communists were so evil that 55,000 Americans and millions of Vietnamese had to die , and much of Vietnam had to be destroyed , in order to keep it “ free . ”
But for 20 years now , despite the triumph of the communists , Vietnam has been a normal trading partner of the United States and poses no threat to its neighbors .
Could the Middle East also be normalized were U.S. leaders to use their enormous power to promote peace rather than war ?
Maybe , maybe not .
But it is obvious that the risks of trying to do so are far less than the present dangers of nuclear proliferation , chaos in nuclear - armed Pakistan , Israel - Iran military confrontation and increasing support for anti-American terrorism within the 1.2 billion - strong Muslim world .
That Chomsky ’s sensible proposals are not seriously discussed is a measure of the ubiquity of U.S. elites ’ imperial mentality in mid-2010 .
Chomsky suggests that John Quincy Adams ’ fear of divine retribution to America for its cruelty to Native Americans is unfounded , and that “ earthly judgment is nowhere in sight . ”
Much of his work , however , suggests otherwise .
A U.S. elite imperial mentality that once threatened mainly unpeople is today threatening America itself .
The fundamental tension throughout Chomsky ’s work is between his belief that organizing and popular movements offer hope of change and the overwhelming evidence he presents of elite power precluding such change .
On the one hand , he writes that “ Latin America , today , is the scene of some of the most exciting developments in the endless struggle for freedom and justice ” as its nations improve their citizens ’ lives by extricating themselves from the neoliberal regime and elect leaders responsible to mass movements from below rather than financing from wealthy minorities above .
But on the other hand , his description of the stranglehold elites hold over both domestic and foreign policy offers little near - term hope for the kind of systemic changes he believes are needed to save the species .
It is true that postwar America has not before faced the kind of economic and imperial decline that now awaits it , and this may produce possibilities for systemic change .
But they are nowhere yet in sight .
I recently sat with Chomsky , an intellectually uncompromising but personally kind , gentle and mild - mannered man , in his kitchen discussing such new U.S. elite horrors as the trend toward “ 1984 ” - like automated warfare , when it suddenly hit me .
What is it like , I found myself thinking , to know more than any other human being on Earth about the state - sponsored lies to which Americans are so constantly subjected ?
What is it like to so feel in your bones , hour after hour , day after day , the pain of millions of “ unpeople ” suffering hunger , poverty and death caused by U.S. elites who today also threaten both their own nation and all humanity ?
And what is it like , even though your writings are published , to have their lessons ignored by society at large , as the killing continues and U.S. war - making “ on the vague frontiers whose whereabouts the average man can only guess at ” has now become permanent ?
“ Noam , ” I said , “ I ’ve just realized who you really represent to me .
Do you remember how Winston Smith [ the “ 1984 ” character ] realized that his highest obligation to humanity and himself was just to try and remain sane , to somehow commit the truth to paper , and to hope against rational hope that somewhere , some time , future humans might come to understand and act on it ?
To me , at this point in time , you ’re Winston Smith . ”
I will never forget his reaction .
He just looked back at me .
And smiled sadly .
Fred Branfman , the editor of “ Voices From the Plain of Jars : Life Under an Air War ” ( Harper & Row , 1972 ) , exposed the U.S. secret air war in Laos while living there from 1967 to 1971 and went on to develop solar , educational and Information Age initiatives for California Gov. Jerry Brown and national policymakers .
Image caption Steven Gerrard scored early in the match against the USA
ITV has apologised to its HD channel viewers after a " transmission problem " caused them to miss England 's first World Cup goal .
Viewers did not see Steven Gerrard 's early strike against the USA in the 1 - 1 match .
Some reported seeing an advert .
ITV said coverage had encountered an " interruption " and presenter Adrian Chiles apologised on air at half - time .
Last year , ITV viewers missed the winning goal in a Liverpool - Everton FA Cup tie when coverage cut to an advert .
ITV1 unaffected
One viewer writing in the ITV.com forum said : " I 'm watching the game on Freesat HD and ITV cut to adverts just before England scored the first goal . "
Another wrote : " That was a disgrace , I miss the first England goal of the World Cup as ITV cut us to an advert break on ITV1 HD !!! "
Those watching ITV1 were unaffected by the error .
The match was seen by an average audience of 13.2 m , which equated to 56 % of the total number of people watching television at that time .
An ITV spokeswoman said : " A transmission problem temporarily affected ITV1's HD service during the England / USA match .
" ITV standard definition service continued uninterrupted .
We apologise for the interruption in transmission . "
Last year 's FA Cup glitch led to 1,000 complaints .
ITV boss at that time , Michael Grade , described it as " inexcusable " .
Welcome to the eagles ' nests in B.C.
If you wish to post comments or messages to each other , please visit our CBC Screech Hollow message board .
You can join or start a discussion about the eagles , other bird cams and any other related topics .
( And remember to sign up if you want to post a message . )
A new browser window will open so this page with the web cams will not close .
Taken a screenshot of the eagles ?
If so , please share your screenshots .
CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content pulled in from the web cams .
CBC developed and maintains this site .
Problems viewing the webcams ?
If you see a background image of nest , but not a ' Play ' button , please download the latest Adobe Flash Player to view this webcam .
For indefatigable marijuana booster Mason Tvert , founder of the advocacy organization Safer Alternative For Enjoyable Recreation ( SAFER ) , April 1 is a very big day .
Rallies are scheduled to take place at more than eighty colleges and universities across the country ( see the complete list below ) arguing that students who use marijuana are far safer than those who opt for alcohol .
Meanwhile , at 1 p.m. today , Tvert will join a group at the Auraria campus targeting Stephen Jordan , president of Metropolitan State College .
Jordan is a supporter of the Amethyst Initiative , which argues that lowering the legal drinking age to eighteen would help reduce the culture of binge drinking on campuses .
" We feel that if he 's comfortable opening up the discussion about lowering the drinking age , there 's no logical reason why he should n't have a discussion about using marijuana more freely , " Tvert says .
How did Tvert choose today for pro-marijuana demonstrations ?
" April is National Alcohol Awareness month , " he says .
" Obviously , April 1 is the first day of that month , but it's also April Fool 's Day -- and the message a lot of students will be sending is that this is not a joke .
" We 're talking about allowing college students to use marijuana as a safer recreational alternative to alcohol .
Now , some might scoff at that idea .
But this is an issue that involves student safety .
It 's literally a matter of life and death in some cases .
The fact is , for college students and everyone else , for that matter , using marijuana is safer than using alcohol . "
SAFER 's college initiatives have grown like a certain weed in a few short years .
" We started in 2005 simply trying to organize students at CU and CSU , " he notes .
" Then , in 2007 , we coordinated a day of action that involved just over fifty campuses -- a lot fewer than are participating this year .
And we 've passed student referendum measures at more than a dozen college campuses nationwide .
CU - Boulder and CSU were the first two , and since then , we 've added the University of Maryland , Florida State University , the University of Texas at Austin , Ohio State , Purdue .
The referendum has passed at five of the fifteen larges colleges in the nation . "
Tvert believe these measures are n't just popular ; they 're good policy .
In his words , " Who knows better how to reduce student drinking ?
Gray - haired administrators or college students , who know that when they go out , students using marijuana are far safer than students using alcohol . "
At the Auraria news conference today , Tvert will be " highlighting the current state of campus policies and laws , which steer students away from marijuana and toward drinking " -- with Jordan as the focal point .
In response to the Amethyst Initiative , Tvert created the Emerald Initiative , which calls for signatories to support constructive debate about the relative safety of marijuana use versus alcohol consumption .
Then , he sent copies to Jordan 's office , and Jordan personally , along with a letter explaining the concept .
But , he says , " they ultimately responded that they were n't interested in endorsing it . "
To Tvert , this stand is inexplicable , particularly in light of Jordan 's Amethyst advocacy .
" This is n't an endorsement of marijuana , " he stresses .
" It 's an endorsement of having an open and dispassionate debate about whether this could be a solution to alcohol - related problems on campuses . "
Hence , today 's festivities will include a trip to Jordan 's office , at which Tvert and his supporters will hand - deliver the initiative , as well as a copy of the book Marijuana Is Safer : So Why Are We Driving People to Drink ? , written by -- you guessed it -- Tvert .
While they , he adds , " we 'll try to find out why these college administrators will do everything from encouraging students to drink responsibly to lowering the drinking age , but they wo n't even stop to consider providing college students with a safer recreational alternative that would likely reduce drinking even more . "
Page down to see details about the Auraria event , a list of participating college and the text of the Emerald Initiative .
College Students Nationwide Say " Stop Driving Us to Drink " and Allow Marijuana as a Safer Alternative to Alcohol Students at 80 + colleges and universities in 34 states -- including 9 in Colorado -- to take action on THURSDAY , April 1st On the first day of National Alcohol Awareness Month -- April Fool 's Day -- students argue that campus safety is no joke ; urge universities to reduce penalties for marijuana use DENVER -- On Thursday , April 1 , students at more than 80 colleges and universities across the country -- including nine in Colorado -- will hold rallies on their campuses to urge their universities to stop driving them to drink and allow them to use marijuana as a safer recreational alternative .
See below for a list of participating colleges and universities .
April 1st marks the first day of National Alcohol Awareness Month -- as well as April Fool 's Day -- and students will be out on their campuses distributing information about the relative harms of alcohol and marijuana , as well as holding signs and banners that read : " This is NOT a joke ...
Let us make the SAFER choice ! "
The students argue that laws and policies on and around most college campuses punish students more harshly for marijuana use than for alcohol use , steering them toward drinking and away from using marijuana -- a far less harmful substance -- instead .
WHAT : Nationwide Day of Action calling on universities to stop driving students to drink allow them to use marijuana as a safer alternative to alcohol WHEN : Thursday , April 1 , 1 p.m. WHERE : Main Square outside the Plaza Building on the Auraria Campus ( Call 720-255-4340 if further directions are necessary ) WHO : SAFER Executive Director Mason Tvert Metro State College of Denver students University of Colorado - Denver students Community College of Denver students Art Institute of Colorado students NOTE : Students will also be taking action on the campuses of the University of Colorado - Boulder , University of Denver , University of Colorado - Colorado Springs , Fort Lewis College , Front Range Community College The " SAFER Campuses Nationwide Day of Action " is being coordinated by Safer Alternative For Enjoyable Recreation ( SAFER ) -- a national non-profit organization working to educate the public about the relative safety of marijuana compared to alcohol -- in conjunction with Students for Sensible Drug Policy ( SSDP ) and campus chapters of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) .
SAFER launched the SAFER Campuses Initiative in 2005 , in response to student alcohol overdose deaths on the two largest college campuses in Colorado .
Since then , SAFER has helped students coordinate campus referenda campaigns at more than a dozen colleges and universities , including at least five of the 15 largest schools in the nation .
SAFER referenda express the student bodies ' opinions that school penalties for marijuana use should be no greater than those for alcohol use , that way students are no longer steered toward using the more harmful substance .
See http://www.SAFERcampuses.org for more information and news stories on the SAFER Campuses Initiative .
" Every objective study on marijuana has concluded that it's far safer than alcohol for the user and for society , " said Sarah Groton , a student coordinator at the University of Denver .
" Yet laws and campus policies punish students more harshly for marijuana , sending the dangerous message that alcohol is more acceptable despite the fact that it contributes to all sorts of serious problems that are not associated with marijuana use . "
According to the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism 's Task Force on College Drinking , each year the use of alcohol by college students contributes to approximately 1,700 student deaths ( including several fatal overdoses ) ; 600,000 unintentional student injuries ; 695,000 assaults involving students ; and 97,000 sexual assaults and date rapes involving students .
The use of marijuana itself has not been found to contribute to any deaths , and there has never been a single fatal marijuana overdose in history .
All objective research on marijuana has also concluded that it does not contribute to injuries , assaults , sexual abuse , or violent or aggressive behavior .
" It might be April Fool 's Day , but this is not a joke , " Groton said .
" It 's time we stop driving students to drink and let them make the rational , safer choice to use marijuana when they party . "
Following the students ' news conferences , they will visit the office of the university president to deliver a copy of the book , Marijuana Is Safer :
So why are we driving people to drink ? , along with copies of the " Emerald Initiative , " which they will urge their respective presidents to endorse .
The Emerald Initiative is SAFER 's response to the Amethyst Initiative -- a statement endorsed by more than 130 college presidents and chancellors , calling for " informed and dispassionate public debate " on whether lowering the legal drinking age to 18 would reduce levels of student drinking and incidences of the serious problems associated with it .
The " Emerald Initiative " calls on these same presidents and chancellors -- as well as others -- to support " informed and dispassionate public debate " on whether allowing students to use marijuana more freely could reduce dangerous drinking on and around college campuses .
The Emerald Initiative statement was mailed to every signatory of the Amethyst Initiative , but none were willing to endorse it .
* See below for Emerald Initiative Statement .
" Universities nationwide are trying everything from encouraging students to drink responsibly , promoting ' social norms drinking , ' and even , in some cases , proposing a lowering of the drinking age in order to curb dangerous student alcohol use , " said SAFER Executive Director Mason Tvert .
" Some may scoff at the Emerald Initiative , but its no less viable a plan and this is literally a matter of life and death .
" It 's time our colleges and universities stop teaching students to ' drink responsibly , ' and start teaching them to ' party responsibly , " Tvert said .
Participating Colleges and Universities Alabama University of Alabama University of Montevallo Arkansas University of Arkansas Arizona Arizona State University Northern Arizona University Estrella Mountain Community College California University of California at Berkeley University of California at Los Angeles University of California at Merced San Diego State University ( Action on April 8 ) San Jose State University San Francisco State University California State University at Monterey Bay California State University at San Marcos Chico State University University of Redlands Pasadena City College Fullerton College ( Action on April 8 ) Mills College Colorado University of Colorado at Boulder University of Colorado at Colorado Springs University of Colorado at Denver Metropolitan State College of Denver University of Denver Fort Lewis College Front Range Community College Community College of Denver Art Institute of Colorado Connecticut University of Connecticuit Central Connecticuit State University Quinnipiac University District of Columbia Georgetown University Florida Florida State University ( Action on March 31 ) University of Central Florida Georgia University of Georgia Georgia State University University of West Georgia Georgia College and State University Georgia Perimeter College Windward Community College Iowa Iowa State University Illinois Northwestern University Northern Illinois University Indiana Purdue University Kansas Kansas University Kentucky University of Kentucky Massachusetts Boston University Suffolk University Maryland University of Maryland University of Baltimore Michigan Michigan State University Kalamazoo College Mott Community College Minnesota University of Minnesota at Twin Cities Missouri University of Missouri at Columbia ( Action on April 8 ) Missouri Southern State University North Carolina University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill New Hampshire University of New Hampshire New Jersey Rutgers University William Paterson University New York Syracuse University Ithaca University State University of New York at Oneonta Eerie Community College Ohio Ohio State University Kent State University ( Action on April 8 ) Oregon University of Oregon Pennsylvania Lafayette College Kutztown University Rhode Island Brown University ( Action on April 8 ) South Dakota South Dakota State University Utah University of Utah Virginia University of Virginia Virginia Commonwealth University Old Dominion University Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Vermont University of Vermont Marlboro College Washington Washington State University Wisconsin University of Wisconsin at Milwaukee West Virginia West Virginia University
Bottled water is safer than tap water .
Tap water is subject to stricter government standards .
Americans gulp down 28.5 gallons of bottled water per capita each year , discarding billions of plastic containers .
It 's convenient , sure , but is it healthier than plain old tap water ?
" There 's no guarantee that bottled water is any safer than the water that comes out of your tap , " says Wendy Gordon of the nonprofit Natural Resources Defense Council .
The reason : Tap water is subject to stricter standards and more rigorous testing than bottled water .
The EPA requires large municipalities to test water for bacteria in an independent lab a dozen times a day .
The FDA mandates that water used for bottling be analyzed only once a week for bacteria .
What 's more , water that 's packaged and sold in the same state -- about 70 % of the bottled water sold in the U.S. -- is exempt from federal regulation because it does n't cross state lines , leaving it with " inconsistent protection , " says Peter Gleick of the Pacific Institute .
-- Dody Tsiantar
METAIRIE , La. --
New Orleans Saints tight end Jeremy Shockey was taken by ambulance to a hospital Thursday afternoon after suffering what was later diagnosed as a seizure .
" I am OK .
Thanks to everyone who has shown their concern , " Shockey said in a message posted on his Twitter account .
" Do n't worry about me .
I will be fine . "
Saints safety Darren Sharper , who was seen at the hospital where Shockey was being treated , also was with Shockey in the Saints ' weight room when the seizure took place .
" It was scary , " Sharper said .
" We did n't know what was going on . "
Sharper said trainers quickly attended to the star tight end , who seemed lucid again after about a minute and was able to walk on his own to an ambulance .
" He said he just felt light - headed , " Sharper recalled .
One player told NewOrleans.com that Shockey was shaking and " he was basically out of it for probably a minute or so , but it seemed longer . "
The player said Shockey seemed aware after that and was walking around when he left for the hospital .
NewOrleans.com and ABC26 television first reported the incident .
It was not immediately clear how long Shockey would be hospitalized .
Last summer , before the 2009 training camp began , Shockey had to be hospitalized after passing out from dehydration at a party in Las Vegas .
Shockey had just completed three straight days of offseason training sessions at team headquarters before Thursday 's seizure occurred .
The Saints did not officially comment on Shockey 's condition , leaving unclear his prospects for getting back on the field when the Saints return to their suburban New Orleans headquarters for minicamp June 4 - 6 .
Shockey was instrumental in helping the Saints win their first Super Bowl last season .
He had 48 catches for 569 yards and three touchdowns during the regular season , then in the playoffs had seven catches for 58 yards and two TDs .
His final score put the Saints ahead for good in the fourth quarter of their Super Bowl win over the Indianapolis Colts .
Also at the Saints ' OTA , the team said that cornerback Malcolm Jenkins is working out at free safety .
" We 'll move him around , " said Saints head coach Sean Payton .
" He 's working at free .
He 's a guy that has good versatility .
He can come down and play in the box .
He can play in the safety position , in the nickel packages .
Gregg [ Williams , the team 's defensive coordinator ] and those guys will do a great job of utilizing his skill set , but he 's doing well and working primarily at free safety . "
Information from The Associated Press and ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter is included in this report .
" twelfth and last ( by modern reckoning ) month of the calendar , the month of the winter solstice , " late Old English , from Old French decembre , from Latin December , from decem " ten " ( from PIE root * dekm - " ten " ) ; tenth month of the old Roman calendar , which began with March .
The - ber in four Latin month names is probably from - bris , an adjectival suffix .
Tucker thinks that the first five months were named for their positions in the agricultural cycle , and " after the gathering in of the crops , the months were merely numbered . "
If the word contains an element related to mensis , we must assume a * decemo - membris ( from *- mensris ) .
October must then be by analogy from a false division Sep - tem - ber &c .
Perhaps , however , from * de - cem(o ) - mr-is , i.e. " forming the tenth part or division , " from * mer - ... , while October = * octuo - mr - is .
[ T.G. Tucker , " Etymological Dictionary of Latin " ]
Decembrist , in Russian history in reference to the insurrection against Nicholas I in December 1825 , is by 1868 in English , translating Russian dekabrist , from dekabr ' " December . "
LONDON — While U.S. President Barack Obama returned to the Gulf Coast to track the growing devastation caused by the blown - out BP oil well , BP 's board of directors huddled behind closed doors here Monday to prepare for a showdown with the Obama administration in Washington on Wednesday .
A corporate spokesman for the global oil company headquartered here in London said there would be no comment on what was discussed at the BP board meeting , then added : " The chairman and senior management are now preparing for their very important meeting at the White House on Wednesday . "
In advance of that meeting , Obama is to deliver a speech from the Oval Office today at 7 p.m. in which he is expected to call for BP to establish an escrow account to cover billions of dollars for the cleanup and the economic fallout the spill has caused .
If Obama wanted to get the attention of BP 's senior management with his seriousness of purpose and his comments last week about finding out whose " ass to kick , " he has succeeded beyond Rahm Emanuel 's wildest expectation .
Obama ’s populist ire against “ British Petroleum , ” as the White House consistently refers to the company even though it has officially changed its corporate name to just BP , has threatened to overwhelm all other aspects of the story as it is reported here .
After his comments Monday comparing the Deepwater Horizon oil - spill disaster to Sept. 11 , BP 's share price that had seemed to bottom out and even gain a bit during the day plummeted even further .
Not everyone in Britain is pleased that the president has inserted himself into the situation with such heated words , particularly not British Conservatives like the foppish mayor of London , Boris Johnson , and a crusty parliamentarian known as Lord Tebbit , who perhaps over - employed the alliterative by calling Obama ’s words “ partisan political presidential petulance . ”
Norman Tebbit , who served in three cabinet positions in Margaret Thatcher 's government , and who remains one the most vociferous old guard Conservatives , railed against Obama in his weekly blog for the Daily Telegraph , writing , " The whole might of American wealth and technology is displayed as utterly unable to deal with the disastrous spill — so what more natural than a crude , bigoted , xenophobic display of partisan political Presidential petulance against a multinational company ? "
( The tenor of Lord Tebbit ’s tantrum was torn apart , tattered and trashed by Stephen Colbert on the Colbert Report .
Very funny .
Check it out here . )
Tebbit then raised the temperature , adding , " It is time that our American friends were reminded that they sang a different tune when the American company Union Carbide killed many thousands of Indians at Bhopal .
Not to mention when the American company Occidental killed 167 people on a North Sea oil rig in 1988 . "
Whether the comparisons are relevant or fair is beside the point .
What comes shining through is a feeling of deep resentment among many in the British establishment about the verbal assault on what was — the day before the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded — Britain 's largest company .
Since that day , April 21 , BP has seen more than 40 percent of its market value evaporate .
That 's about an $ 82 billion dollar decline in six weeks .
Johnson , the Conservative mayor of London , also came out swinging to defend BP , saying , " I do think there 's something slightly worrying about the anti-British rhetoric that seems to be permeating from America .
I would like to see a bit of cool heads rather than endlessly buck - passing and name - calling . "
He took particular aim at the administration 's demand that BP suspend its quarterly dividend payment and put the money in an escrow account to be used to pay compensation .
" When you consider the huge exposure of British pension funds to BP , " Johnson told the BBC , " it starts to become a matter of national concern if a great British company is being continually beaten up on the airwaves .
It was an accident that took place and BP is paying a very , very heavy price indeed . "
Johnson is right about BP 's importance to British pensions .
The company paid out $ 10.5 billion in dividends last year , 15 percent of that income went to British pension funds .
According to a BP spokesman , roughly one pound in every seven paid out by Britain 's private pension companies last year came from BP .
Where Johnson is perhaps wrong is in describing BP as a great " British " company .
Its origins are British certainly , but it is a classic multinational , and , if you flag a company by where it has the largest operations , it could just as easily be called " American . "
Even if the Obama White House does insist on calling them British Petroleum .
The company began life a hundred years ago as Anglo - Persian Oil Company and became the first Western company to explore for oil in the Middle East .
It was a public private partnership .
In recent decades it grew the new fashioned way , by mergers and acquisitions , mostly of American companies .
In 1978 it acquired Standard Oil as part of the opening up of Alaska 's Prudhoe Bay .
In 1987 , the company was fully privatized by Margaret Thatcher and began its growth into the behemoth of today .
This was followed in 1998 by Amoco and in 2000 by ARCO .
BP now has 22,000 employees in the U.S. compared with 10,500 in Britain .
Obama and assorted Congress folks ' comments are seen here as grandstanding with potentially devastating unintended consequences .
Stephen Hargrave , a professional investor , says , " It 's understandable the president wants to show he 's in charge , especially with elections not so far away .
But given the lack of better technology available from any other source , it 's also hard to see how political grandstanding will get the problem solved any faster — and it might just make it harder for BP to come up with the money to pay compensation to those directly affected . "
Geoffrey Wheatcroft , gadfly columnist and frequent contributor to the New York Times , wrote in the Daily Mail : " If a dark cloud of oil can now have a silver lining , then it might at least lead us to reassess our ignoble relationship with Washington .
If the American president is going to ignore or even damage British interests , then let him . "
Then he asks , rhetorically , " But might not our own government stand up for those interests ?
For a start , some of the money we 've all lost through the BP debacle , and presidential venom , could at least be recouped by bringing our troops home from a hopeless American war in Afghanistan . "
Which brings us to reality .
British Prime Minister David Cameron had a highly publicized telephone conversation Sunday with Obama .
No comment was made on the substance of the discussions but Cameron said he understood Obama 's " frustration " about the situation .
But it 's not clear if BP is the only thing the two men discussed .
Cameron has just come back from a two - day visit to Afghanistan ...
It is reasonable speculation that the two men also talked about Afghan President Hamid Karzai , Kandahar and how long British troops will remain in country and that may well have been the more important bit of their conversation .
When I tell someone that I ’m a writer , I watch their minds float away behind their eyes .
They ’re painting a picture – the likes of a Polaroid , after it ’s been shaken and blown on .
The writer perches at the edge of her seat .
He taps furiously away at his keyboard .
There ’s a glass of wine or whiskey on the desk .
And Billie Holiday , or something otherwise mournful , plays in the background .
It ’s all very romantic .
But what these people do n’t see is our torture .
They ca n’t grasp our capacity for pain .
Nor the phases – the bipolar , schizophrenic – phases that we live through .
Each month , each week , each day , or when we ’re really lucky , each hour .
It feeds us , mind you …because if our minds were still , our fingers would stop .
And that would suck .
Here are some of the writerly phases I ’ve been able to nail down :
Early Morning Syndrome .
This hits on those days when you wake up with the sun .
You ca n’t believe you have the entire day before you to write .
You fantasize about the number of items you ’ll cross off your list .
You quiver at the thought of running out of pen ink !
And then .
You ’ve been futzing around for 4 hours , blinded by all the time you have — and though it ’s only 11 am , you ’re in a total panic because you ’ve wasted the entire morning .
This hits on those days when you wake up with the sun .
You ca n’t believe you have the entire day before you to write .
You fantasize about the number of items you ’ll cross off your list .
You quiver at the thought of running out of pen ink !
And then .
You ’ve been futzing around for 4 hours , blinded by all the time you have — and though it ’s only 11 am , you ’re in a total panic because you ’ve wasted the entire morning .
This is too easy .
It does happen .
When it all just works , one project to the next and you think , someone is paying me for this ?
But …it ’s so simple and so much fun !
How is that possible ?
Someone recently told me that it all comes down to physics …or maybe it was calculus ?
It does happen .
When it all just works , one project to the next and you think , someone is paying me for this ?
But …it ’s so simple and so much fun !
How is that possible ?
Someone recently told me that it all comes down to physics …or maybe it was calculus ?
But first I ’ll eat the contents of my refrigerator .
Which is why my fridge has very little in it .
Still , I ’ve been known to eat a tahini , ketchup , pickle and carrot sandwich .
Because damn it , I will not start writing until that cold , white box in my kitchen is empty .
Which is why my fridge has very little in it .
Still , I ’ve been known to eat a tahini , ketchup , pickle and carrot sandwich .
Because damn it , I will not start writing until that cold , white box in my kitchen is empty .
The second wind .
Usually it ’s around 9 pm .
You have n’t accomplished much all day , you have to get up early the next morning , you ’re about to turn off your computer .
When suddenly , from out of absolutely nowhere , you are writing your ass off .
You ca n’t stop .
You ca n’t BE stopped .
You have more energy than an eight year old boy .
Usually it ’s around 9 pm .
You have n’t accomplished much all day , you have to get up early the next morning , you ’re about to turn off your computer .
When suddenly , from out of absolutely nowhere , you are writing your ass off .
You ca n’t stop .
You ca n’t BE stopped .
You have more energy than an eight year old boy .
Where is everybody ?
Perhaps eased by the abundance of beeps , bings and gongs that my phone and my computer give me on a minute by minute basis , I still get the feeling sometimes that I ’m all alone .
And that I do n’t want to be .
I need to see , be seen , touch , connect .
I simply ca n’t sit in this studio , at my desk , by myself for another second .
Perhaps eased by the abundance of beeps , bings and gongs that my phone and my computer give me on a minute by minute basis , I still get the feeling sometimes that I ’m all alone .
And that I do n’t want to be .
I need to see , be seen , touch , connect .
I simply ca n’t sit in this studio , at my desk , by myself for another second .
I suck .
Alisa Bowman did a phenomenal job writing this one up a few days ago .
Because we all climb into that cave and think about how terrible we are .
It ’s not a good place to be .
I ’m convinced there are soul - sucking leeches in that hole .
The antidote , of course , is a batline to people that will tell you unequivocally that you do not suck .
Alisa suggests you keep all of the good emails in a special folder for reading at times like this .
Alisa Bowman did a phenomenal job writing this one up a few days ago .
Because we all climb into that cave and think about how terrible we are .
It ’s not a good place to be .
I ’m convinced there are soul - sucking leeches in that hole .
The antidote , of course , is a batline to people that will tell you unequivocally that you do not suck .
Alisa suggests you keep all of the good emails in a special folder for reading at times like this .
I rock .
The world is my McDonald’s .
And I am its Happy Meal .
This phase is great — we all need ego to write .
But it ’s also dangerous — lest we think we are too good for our work and just take , take , take until there is simply nothing left for us .
The world is my McDonald’s .
And I am its Happy Meal .
This phase is great — we all need ego to write .
But it ’s also dangerous — lest we think we are too good for our work and just take , take , take until there is simply nothing left for us .
Dreaming .
I ’ve been known to get lost in a daydream for a good hour or so .
Always shocked by the clock and befuddled that I ’m sitting here at my desk .
Really was so deep into it that I was convinced I was somewhere else and lost track of time and place .
I ’ve been known to get lost in a daydream for a good hour or so .
Always shocked by the clock and befuddled that I ’m sitting here at my desk .
Really was so deep into it that I was convinced I was somewhere else and lost track of time and place .
Plugged in .
Pure creative output .
Nothing but net .
I do not claim to capture every phase in this post — the phases of creativity frown on captivity .
They ’ll sooner morph into something new than be pinned to a page where they can be sussed out , possibly even bottled and sold .
For more than just our sweat and tears , that is .
What did I forget ?
What are your phases ?
Addendum : I usually put in a disclosure that this is n’t just for writers , but all creative types .
I was just informed by the loverly Traeger di Pietro ( painter extraordinaire ) that this is indeed applicable to the painterly fellowship .
Image credit : SivamDesigns
This cookie just took the $ 1 Million Dollar Prize in the Pillsbury Bake - Off competition .
Is it worth its prize money ?
You decide .
I will have to say , I really enjoyed this cookie .
There is a crisp , sweet outside , then you bite in and get a creamy center .
I love that .
Can you imagine winning a million bucks for a cookie recipe ?
Plus another $ 5,000 for using at least a 1/ 4 cup of a certain product ?
Sounds rewarding does n’t it ?
Carolyn Gurtz of Maryland created this recipe in her home kitchen and won the big bucks .
The challenge was to use at least 2 of the sponsor ’s products in a recipe .
She used five !
I guess Carolyn ’s an over - achiever .
I knew I liked her .
These Double - Delight Peanut Butter Cookies could not be easier to make .
You do n’t even need a mixer .
The Pillsbury Million Dollar Bake
Off is held every other year and puts a spotlight on American convenience cuisine as opposed to using gourmet techniques in cooking .
Let ’s face it , I love gourmet cooking and the techniques accompanying it .
But truth be told , I ’m a busy mom and sometimes it ’s nice to just whip something up that ’s easy and tastes great .
So let ’s get started , maybe it will inspire you to concoct your own million dollar recipe .
Would n’t that be something ?
Here ’s what you ’ll need to make it happen :
Dry roasted peanuts , granulated sugar , cinnamon , creamy peanut butter , powdered sugar and refrigerated peanut butter cookies .
First thing to do is finely chop 1 / 4 cup of dry roasted peanuts .
Add the chopped peanuts , 1/4 cup granulated sugar and 1/2 teaspoon of ground cinnamon to a small bowl .
Mix well and set aside .
In another bowl , add 1/ 2 cup creamy peanut butter and 1/2 cup powdered sugar .
Stir until the two are completely blended together .
Shape the peanut butter - sugar mixture into 24 1 - inch balls .
Cut the roll of cookie dough into 12 slices .
Make sure it is well chilled otherwise you ’ll have mush .
Now take those 12 slices and cut each slice in half again , crosswise .
You will now have 24 pieces .
Flatten each slice slightly .
Place a peanut butter ball on top of each slice of cookie dough .
Shape one cookie dough piece around one peanut butter ball , covering completely .
Repeat with the remaining dough and the balls .
If you did n’t know what this was , would n’t you think this was a strange photo ?
Roll each covered ball in peanut mixture .
Gently pat the mixture completely onto the balls .
And this is where the power went out due to a slight windstorm yesterday .
Look no lights !
Is n’t it amazing how much the right lighting makes a difference in photography ?
Place each cookie ball onto a ungreased cookie sheet , 2 inches apart .
Spray the bottom of drinking glass with cooking spray and flatten each cookie ball .
Sprinkle remaining peanut mixture evenly over the flattened cookies and gently press into the dough .
Bake in a 375 degree oven for 7 to 12 minutes ( mine took eleven ) or until edges are golden brown .
Yahoo , the power ’s back on , obviously , since I was able to bake these .
I love that they are perfectly round , in a rustic sort of way .
With a glass of milk , these cookies are …well there are no words .
Yep , these cookies just ooooozzzzzzzzeee a million bucks .
See …see the money !
Double - Delight Peanut Butter Cookies
adapted from Carolyn Gurtz ’s Million Dollar Cookies
1/4 cup dry roasted peanuts , finely chopped
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 cup creamy peanut butter
1/2 cup powdered sugar
1 package ( 16.5 ounces ) Pillsbury Create ’ n
Bake refrigerated peanut butter cookies , well chilled
Preheat oven to 375 degree .
In a small bowl , mix chopped peanuts , granulated sugar and cinnamon ; set aside .
In another bowl , stir peanut butter and powdered sugar until completely blended .
Shape the mixture into 24 1 - inch balls .
Cut a roll of cookie dough into 12 slices .
Cut each slice in half , crosswise to make 24 pieces ; flatten slightly .
Shape one cookie dough piece around one peanut butter ball , covering completely .
Repeat with remaining dough and balls .
Roll each covered ball in peanut mixture ; gently pat the mixture completely onto the balls .
On ungreased cookie sheets , place balls 2 inches apart .
Spray the bottom of a drinking glass with cooking spray .
Flatten each ball to 1/4 - inch thickness with the bottom of a glass .
Sprinkle any remaining peanut mixture evenly on tops of cookies ; gently press into the dough .
Bake 7 to 12 minutes ( mine took eleven ) or until edges are golden brown .
Cool one minute ; remove from cookie sheets to cooling rack .
Store tightly covered .
I ’m not kidding , I ate four of them .
And then I had lunch .
I seriously have a problem .
There are the cable news shows that lean left ( Countdown with Keith Olbermann ) and shows that lean right ( Sean Hannity ‘s ) .
Now there ’s a show that leans hard , but neither direction – Judge Andrew Napolitano ‘s Freedom Watch on FBN , which is profiled today by the New York Times .
But what is the relationship to the tea parties ?
Napolitano ’s program debuted Saturday at 10 amET on Fox Business Network , and it continued the tone of the show that initially began as a Strategy Room hour on FoxNews.com .
“ From New York , defending freedom , so long America , ” said Napolitano as he closed out the first show .
The NYT ’s Brian Stelter writes the program is “ is arguably Tea Party TV in its purest form to date , ” and its hard to argue otherwise after show # 1 .
The show was called a “ Tea Party Summit , ” and just about every interview dealt on some level with the tea parties .
There was an interesting , joint interview with Sarah Palin and Rep.
Ron Paul on fractures in the party ( video below ) .
Other guests included tea party favorites Rep. Rand Paul , Rep. Michele Bachmann and Dick Armey .
Stelter notes Freedom
Watch is just the latest in libertarian programs on the network , which recently added John Stossel ‘s Stossel last year .
Libertarians are not surprisingly big fans of the move , with Lew Rockwell calling the show “ the most important libertarian broadcast in the history of the American media . ”
Meanwhile , others like liberal commentator Bill Press say its a pure ratings move , and that Fox “ just decided to make it the second propaganda channel . ”
As a response , A Fox Business spokesperson tells Mediaite , “ If anyone is familiar with being a ratings killer it ’s Bill Press who has n’t been able to maintain a steady hosting job on television since being dumped by CNN in 2002 and having his show canceled by MSNBC in 2003 . ”
Napolitano will surely find interesting topics to explore from a libertarian bent ( look for Glenn Beck as a guest next week ) , but will the tea party theme continue beyond episode # 1 ?
As the summer months heat up , and town halls once again find their way into the cable news stream , it would make sense to keep up the coverage .
Check out Palin / Paul from Saturday :
— –
» Follow Steve Krakauer on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Nate " nnenn " Nielson was a father , husband , artist , and teacher .
He also popularized the " Vic Viper " LEGO spaceships that took the AFOL community by storm .
He died in an accident early this month .
A few of my favorite nnenn designs :
It 's really hard to pick favorites of nnenn 's work .
It was all so imaginative and clever .
Take a few minutes today to browse his Flickr stream .
Nielson had such a knack for LEGO spaceships .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Investigator Sally Shelton sends this observation that appeared on a paleontologists discussion listserv :
I ’m often amazed that people on this list seem unaware of some of the classic literature …
Culinary phylogenetics was addressed in an issue of AIR way back in 1998 .
You can find a pdf here .
The discussant refers to Joe Staton ‘s study “ Tastes Like Chicken , ” published in volume 4 , number 4 of the Annals of Improbable Research , and which begins with the statement
The field of culinary evolution faces one great dilemma : why do most cooked , exotic meats taste like cooked Gallus gallus , the domestic chicken ?
A chart from the study is reproduced below .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Yes that is what you think it is .
Your eyes are not tricking you .
In front of you is a doughnut fried chicken sandwich …
At Fat Sandwich Company in Madison , you can get pretty much anything that you can fry on a sandwich .
( this was taken during my February trip , so that is why there is the snow )
To give you an idea of what I mean take the
Fat Brewer– Gyro meat , chicken fingers , mozzarella sticks , tzatziki sauce or the Fat Sorostitute - Buffalo chicken fingers , mozzarella sticks , jalapeno poppers , ranch of the Fat Mess– Mozzarella sticks , jalapeno poppers , fried mushrooms , mac n cheese bites , pizza bites , ranch , BBQ you get the idea .
Pretty much if you can fry it you can have it on a sandwich .
Ca n’t decide what you want ?
Then get it all with the Big Fat Ugly - 2 rolls , 4 cheeseburgers , double cheesesteak , chicken fingers , chicken nuggets , mac n cheese bites , fried mushrooms , jalapeno poppers , pizza bites , onion rings , hash browns , mini corndogs , American cheese , mayo , ketchup poppers , pizza bites and if you finish it in 15 min its on the house .
I would love to see Adam Richman of Man v Food try this .
Back to what I dined on .
I got a chicken sandwich with a donut as the bun .
Yes it was a krispy Kreme glazed doughnut split in half .
In between that was a piece of fried chicken and a slice of cheese .
I whish I could tell you that this was not really good and not worth trying , but I can ’t .
This was amazing .
The sandwich had it all , sweet , salty , savory .
It was awesome .
If you are intrigued by a doughnut sandwich then when in Madison you should give it a try .
Men whose female partners had unprotected sex with a HIV - positive circus acrobat have come forward following a nationwide appeal .
Two more possible victims of Godfrey Zaburoni , who allegedly had sex with multiple women while knowing he was carrying the virus , called the Queensland Health Hotline today .
HIV positive ... Godfrey Zaburoni
The pair raised their concerns , while a further 18 people called the hotline yesterday .
Queensland Health today confirmed men who had relations with women Mr Zaburoni had unprotected sex with had come forward for testing .
Has a single game dominated a genre as easily , and for as long , as Mario Kart ?
It has been King Mario and a bunch of almost laughable pretenders to the throne for the longest time .
Now Sony is stepping into the battle with ModNation Racers , and the good news is the company brought its A - game : this is a new standard for what can be done in kart racing .
ModNation Racers may look like a whimsical children 's title , but the actual gameplay is all hardcore .
It 's easy to jump in and start playing , but difficult to win .
Let 's take a look .
Pay attention to the tutorials
Title ModNation Racers Developer United Front Games Publisher Sony Price $ 59.99 ( PS3 ) Shop.
Ars Platform PlayStation 3 , PSP
This is n't a casual game ; you 'll be using many buttons to do many things ... and that includes both analog sticks and the D - pad .
The title does a great job of easing you into all the tricks and tactics you 'll be using throughout the game , so play a few hours of the single - player career mode first to get comfortable with everything you 're asked to do .
The downside to this complexity is that it will be harder to get your significant other or nongaming friends to play with you ; those with a few hours of practice will have quite the advantage .
Here 's how it works : by drifting , drafting , jumping , and attacking the other racers , you 'll gain points used to give yourself a boost , sideswipe your opponents , or activate a shield that protects you against attacks .
When you run over a pick - up and gain a weapon , you can use it then or power it up by running over multiple pick - ups .
The weapons level up : at first it gives you a small boost , and when it hits level three you shoot ahead , fire under your tires , and teleport ... just like in Back to the Future .
It 's great fun to watch simple attacks turn into acts of god by level three .
All these things force you to constantly make decisions while racing .
Do you use your power to boost and gain a few positions , or do you save it for a shield in case you 're attacked on the last lap ?
Should you use your single missile now , or upgrade it into a swarm ?
The longer you hold onto your abilities the better the chance you 'll lose them , but the trade - off is power .
Using items , side - swipes , boosts , and shields wisely goes a long way towards ensuring a win , but your opponents are also managing their own tools of mayhem .
The AI drivers , in fact , are ruthless .
They are out to destroy you , and they 'll capitalize on your every mistake .
Even on the first few races , you will have to earn your victories .
The tracks are their own characters
A kart racing game is only as good as its tracks , and the tracks here are a delight .
You 'll enjoy huge jumps , attractive scenery , multiple paths , boost pads ; there are all sorts of surprises to be found .
You 're also given ample reason to race each track multiple times , as you 're given a list of things to do in order to unlock the maximum number of items .
Simply placing in the race will allow you to move forward , but you may have to find three shortcuts as a secondary objective , or use a certain attack a number of times .
In some cases you 'll need to use the environment to your advantage .
Each track has three tiers of objectives , and while you 'll be able to get all three in one pass if you 're good , expect to make multiple attempts on many of them .
Each track is also filled with tokens to collect .
Some of these are easy to find , while some are cleverly hidden .
The tracks do n't give up all their secrets easily , and the depth given here is welcome ; players will be trading their favorite paths , tactics , and best times as they learn the ins and outs of the game .
In the career mode you 're also introduced to the track editor , which gives you a taste of how to create your own tracks to share .
The tools are simple , but that 's not a bad thing ; dedicated gamers will be able to tweak and adjust their tracks as much as they 'd like .
Just because the game gives you plenty of help at first does n't mean the content creation tools do n't have hidden depths for the hardcore designers .
Once the game is released and players start digging in , you should expect to see some crazy things online .
What 's up with the loading ?
The game deserves all the praise it 's getting , but the loading times throughout the game are hard to tolerate .
Take a look at how long it takes to actually get to a race after putting the disc in .
Keep in mind , this video was taken after the game was installed on the hard drive .
It 's just unacceptable .
There is also a hub area you race around to get to the different aspects of the game , and for some reason the frame rate in that area is atrocious .
You 'll see stutters and pauses , and that 's a shame .
You should want to hang out in the hub , and displays showing new content and popular mods and karts give you a reason to do so .
With such poor performance however , you 'll want to get to a race or start editing some content as soon as possible .
At least the frame rate in the actual game is solid , and that 's the important thing .
The graphics are clean and attractive , and it feels great to finally play a solid kart racing game in high definition .
The frustration comes from the fact there does n't seem to be anything that requires such frequent and annoying load times .
Can the long waits be patched out ?
We hope so .
It 's also important to point out that we were playing a prerelease copy of the game on our test unit , and there could very well be an update before the retail code is released .
It 's also available on the PSP
The game will also be available on the PSP .
While that version of the game does n't have the graphical prowess of its big brother , the career mode is brought over and you 'll be able to design tracks on that system as well .
You wo n't be able to share tracks between the two versions , though .
So which version is better ?
The PSP version has much better loading times , but the PS3 version has button controls due to the dual analog sticks .
It 's easier to make tracks on the PS3 as well .
The real answer is that no matter what system you use to play the game , you 're going to have a good time .
This is a game that looks like it's for children while delivering a very adult difficulty .
Some people are still going to prefer the more casual offerings from Nintendo , but this is a wonderful kart game that blows past offerings away .
It 's also something that will have a very long life , both on - and offline .
It 's not to be missed .
Verdict : Buy
Image caption
The memory reads and writes data faster than existing technologies
Smartphones could have their battery life extended by up to 20 % by changing what type of memory they use .
Samsung has announced plans to produce memory modules built of what is known as a phase change material .
These modules are built of a substance that records or erases data when it is heated and typically use far less power than existing equivalents .
Samsung said modules made of the memory material would roll off its production lines later in 2010 .
It plans to produce phase change memory ( PCM ) chips in the same format as existing designs so they can easily be worked into production runs .
Speed test
The most widely adopted form of PCM is typically made from an alloy of germanium , antimony and tellurium which forms a glass - like material .
Heating it by applying a current makes the material turn into two separate forms that exhibit very different resistances to electricity .
As a result , the material can be used to represent the binary 0s and 1s used by computers .
At its mobile technology forum held in Taipei , Samsung announced plans to start producing PCM modules 512 megabits ( Mbit ) in size .
These will be made to be compatible with traditional flash memory modules that have individual components only 40 nanometres wide .
In addition , it said , PCM had a simpler structure than older formats so it should be easy to manufacture and start using in phones .
Samsung lab tests suggest that the 512 M bit phase change memory can read and write data up to 10 times faster than some existing flash memory types .
Overall , said Samsung , phase change memory is about three times faster than existing flash memory .
While many firms are working on ways to use phase change memory , Samsung is thought to be the first to put it in a package of processors that can be put into phones .
The electronics giant said it eventually expects PCM to replace flash memory in many gadgets .
※2010/04/14 11:55 追記
ブコメでのご指摘の通り、 「 なぜ開けるか 」に対する答えは、「 " to " のトップレベルドメイ ン( TLD ) にAレコードが設定されているから」というシンプルなものです。
" to " はトンガ のTLDで、古くからTLDを売って外貨を稼いでいます。恐らく、今回の" to ." URL短縮サービスもその一環ではないかと考えられています。（beroさん
コメントでの情報提供ありがとうございました)
※さらに補足：もう少し正しい説明 を追加しました。
Twitterでちょっと話題に上っていたので。
http://to./というURL短縮サービスがあります。一見開けなさそうなこの不思議なURL、実は正しく開けます。
その仕組みについて簡単に説明したいと思います。
ブラウザ で " http://to./"にアクセスすると、ブラウザはOSに" to. "
のIP アドレスを尋ねます。
そのリクエストを受け たOSは、その" to . " という文字列から、IPアドレスへ変換しようとします。今回は、Linuxでの動作で説明しますが、Windowsでもおよそ同じ処理が行われます。
まず、OS は" to . " に対応す るIPアドレスを、OSに設定されているDNSサーバに対して問い合わせます。同じ処理を、コマンドラインから次のようにして実行することができます。今回は、DNSサーバとしてgoogle DNS ( 8.8.8.8 ) を使用してみましょう。
$ dig A to .
@ 8.8.8.8 ; <<>>
DiG 9.3.6-P1-RedHat-9.3.6-4.P1.el5 <<>>
A to . @ 8.8.8.8 ; ; global options : printcmd ;;
Got answer : ;; ->>HEADER <<- opcode : QUERY , status : NOERROR , id : 23942 ; ; flags : qr rd ra ; QUERY : 1 , ANSWER : 1 , AUTHORITY : 0 , ADDITIONAL : 0 ;; QUESTION SECTION : ; to .
IN A ;; ANSWER SECTION : to .
63755 IN A 216.74.32.107 ;;
Query time : 43 msec ;; SERVER : 8.8.8.8#53( 8.8.8.8 ) ;;
WHEN : Tue Apr 13 16:41:37 2010 ;; MSG SIZE rcvd : 36
digコマンドは 、 「 知りたい情報の種 類 ( A ) 」 、「 対象のホスト名文字 列 ( to . ) 」 、「 " @" ＋問い合わせるDNSサーバ( @8.8.8.8 ) 」という引数を取ります。
ホスト名文字列からIPアドレスを取得する場合は、「Aレコード」を問い合わせることになります。その回答が、
;; ANSWER SECTION : to .
63755 IN A 216.74.32.107
これです 。 「 " to .
a" に対応す るIPアドレス は" 216.74.32.107 " だ」という回答が返ってきました。
これにより、ブラウザは216.74.32.107のポート80番に接続し、HTTP通信を行います。たったこれだけです。
補足：jpやcomの場合は？ .jpや.comなど、いわゆる普通のドメインの場合はどうかを見てみましょう。 $ dig A jp. @ 8.8.8.8 ; <<>>
DiG 9.3.6-P1-RedHat-9.3.6-4.P1.el5 <<>>
A jp. @ 8.8.8.8 ; ; global options : printcmd ;;
Got answer : ;; ->>HEADER <<- opcode : QUERY , status : NOERROR , id : 17303 ; ; flags : qr rd ra ; QUERY : 1 , ANSWER : 0 , AUTHORITY : 1 , ADDITIONAL : 0 ;; QUESTION SECTION : ; jp. IN A ;; AUTHORITY SECTION : jp. 66 IN SOA z.dns.jp. root.dns.jp .
1271142901 3600 900 604800 900 ;;
Query time : 44 msec ;; SERVER : 8.8.8.8#53( 8.8.8.8 ) ;;
WHEN : Tue Apr 13 16:45:10 2010 ;; MSG SIZE rcvd : 67 このような回答となります 。 " A " に対する回答が含まれていないため、 " jp . " に対応するIPアドレスはありません。返ってきた情報は、" ナントカ.jp"の情報はこのサーバに聞いてね( SOA )という情報だけです。com.としても同様です。
" to " というトップレベルドメインの場合に関してのみ、Aレコードを持っているため、正しくIPアドレスを取得できるのです。
A Trusted Member of Your Community
Do you need legal assistance with a divorce , family law , probate , civil litigation , worker ’s compensation , personal injury or real estate matter ?
Count on Michael T. Mahoney to provide you with impressive results and one - on - one service .
Contact our law office in Chillicothe , IL today for expert and aggressive representation .
Honesty .
Integrity .
Determination .
Do you need legal assistance with a divorce , family law , probate , civil litigation , worker ’s compensation , personal injury or real estate matter ?
Count on Michael T. Mahoney to provide you with impressive results and one - on - one service .
Contact our law office in Chillicothe , IL today for expert and aggressive representation .
Plugin Support
If you need a particular feature , you can choose from a selection of available plugins or write your own .
CHICAGO --
After describing a dental scene that would make a horror movie junkie flinch , Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Duncan Keith said his incident was n't that big of a deal .
Keith got hit in the mouth by the puck Sunday as the Hawks clinched a spot in the NHL finals with a 4 - 2 win over the San Jose Sharks at the United Center .
As he skated off the ice to the bench , he felt teeth falling out .
He lost a total of seven .
" I felt a chunk of some tooth , " Keith said .
" Teeth were falling out as I skated off .
I coughed one up .
" It sounds gross and bad , but it happens all the time to guys .
Probably could have been a lot worse if I got hit in the jaw more . "
Keith , an Olympian and Norris Trophy finalist , said he wanted to get back on the ice as quickly as possible .
He missed only about 6 ½ minutes .
" I just wanted to get out there as quick as I can , and the trainers and dentists and doctors did a good job , " Keith said .
" Honestly , I was fine .
You get hit in the teeth , obviously it hurts the gums , but it 's not like you got your jaw smashed in or anything like that .
" It 's tougher talking , but it 's not as bad as you think it is . "
Keith remembered the shot from Sharks center Patrick Marleau .
" I went to try to keep the puck in , and Marleau turned and fired , " he said .
" Unlucky play , and I knew right away my teeth were smashed in .
I tried to get back to the bench as quick as I can .
I was down in the room right away .
" I had seven needles in my mouth .
It 's all frozen right now .
Just a bunch of needles in my jaw , gums to freeze it up .
Might need some more soon , because it 's starting to wear off .
I can feel it . "
Keith said two of the teeth knocked out were fake , " so hopefully I can get some nice teeth now . "
" He 'll have a great smile in a couple of weeks , " Patrick Sharp said .
" He 's spitting out teeth in the locker room and comes back and assists on the [ Dave ] Bolland goal .
" He created the whole play , taking the big hit to set it up .
And he 's skating around before the power play , telling us what to do , but he 's mumbling .
I do n't think anyone understood what he was talking about .
But he 's one of our leaders . "
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
This topic is a particular peeve of mine , so I hope I will be forgiven if I wax wroth .
There is a most marvelous piece of technology called the GRACE satellites , which stands for the Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment .
It is composed of two satellites flying in formation .
Measuring the distance between the two satellites to the nearest micron ( a hundredth of the width of a hair ) allows us to calculate the weight of things on the earth very accurately .
One of the things that the GRACE satellites have allowed us to calculate is the ice loss from the Greenland Ice Cap .
There is a new article about the Greenland results called Weighing Greenland .
Figure 1 .
The two GRACE satellites flying in tandem , and constantly measuring the distance between them .
So , what ’s not to like about the article ?
Well , the article opens by saying :
Scott Luthcke weighs Greenland — every 10 days .
And the island has been losing weight , an average of 183 gigatons ( or 200 cubic kilometers ) — in ice — annually during the past six years .
That ’s one third the volume of water in Lake Erie every year .
Greenland ’s shrinking ice sheet offers some of the most powerful evidence of global warming .
Now , that sounds pretty scary , it ’s losing a third of the volume of Lake Erie every year .
Ca n’t have that .
But what does that volume , a third of Lake Erie , really mean ?
We could also say that it ’s 80 million Olympic swimming pools , or 400 times the volume of Sydney Harbor , or about the same volume as the known world oil reserves .
Or we could say the ice loss is 550 times the weight of all humans on the Earth , or the weight of 31,000 Great Pyramids … but we ’re getting no closer to understanding what that ice loss means .
To understand what it means , there is only one thing to which we should compare the ice loss , and that is the ice volume of the Greenland Ice Cap itself .
So how many cubic kilometres of ice are sitting up there on Greenland ?
My favorite reference for these kinds of questions is the Physics Factbook , because rather than give just one number , they give a variety of answers from different authors .
In this case I went to the page on Polar Ice Caps .
It gives the following answers :
Spaulding & Markowitz , Heath Earth Science .
Heath , 1994 : 195 . says less than 5.1 million cubic kilometres ( often written as “ km^3 ” ) .
“ Greenland . ” World Book Encyclopedia .
Chicago : World Book , 1999 : 325 says 2.8 million km ^3 .
Satellite Image Atlas of Glaciers of the World. US Geological Survey ( USGS ) says 2.6 million km ^3 .
Schultz , Gwen .
Ice Age Lost. 1974 . 232 , 75 . also says 2.6 million km ^3 .
Denmark / Greenland .
Greenland Tourism .
Danish Tourist Board says less than 5.5 million km^3 .
Which of these should we choose ?
Well , the two larger figures both say “ less than ” , so they are upper limits .
The Physics Factbook says “ From my research , I have found different values for the volume of the polar ice caps .
…
For Greenland , it is approximately 3,000,000 km^3 . ”
Of course , we would have to say that there is an error in that figure , likely on the order of ± 0.4 million km^3 or so .
So now we have something to which we can compare our one - third of Lake Erie or 400 Sidney Harbors or 550 times the weight of the global population .
And when we do so , we find that the annual loss is around 200 km^3 lost annually out of some 3,000,000 km^3 total .
This means that Greenland is losing about 0.007 % of its total mass every year … seven thousandths of one percent lost annually , be still , my beating heart …
And if that terrifying rate of loss continues unabated , of course , it will all be gone in a mere 15,000 years .
That ’s my pet peeve , that numbers are being presented in the most frightening way possible .
The loss of 200 km^3 of ice per year is not “ some of the most powerful evidence of global warming ” , that ’s hyperbole .
It is a trivial change in a huge block of ice .
And what about the errors in the measurements ?
We know that the error in the Greenland Ice Cap is on the order of 0.4 million km ^3 .
How about the error in the GRACE measurements ?
This reference indicates that there is about a ± 10 % error in the GRACE Greenland estimates .
How does that affect our numbers ?
Well , if we take the small estimate of ice cap volume , and the large estimate of loss , we get 220 km^3 lost annually / 2,600,000 km^3 total .
This is an annual loss of 0.008 % , and a time to total loss of 12,000 years .
Going the other way , we get 180 km^3 lost annually / 3,400,000 km^3 total .
This is an annual loss of 0.005 % , and a time to total loss of 19,000 years .
It is always important to include the errors in the calculation , to see if they make a significant difference in the result .
In this case they happen to not make much difference , but each case is different .
That ’s what angrifies my blood mightily , meaningless numbers with no errors presented for maximum shock value .
Looking at the real measure , we find that Greenland is losing around 0.005 % — 0.008 % of its ice annually , and if that rate continues , since this is May 23rd , 2010 , the Greenland Ice Cap will disappear entirely somewhere between the year 14010 and the year 21010 … on May 23rd …
So the next time you read something that breathlessly says …
“ If this activity in northwest Greenland continues and really accelerates some of the major glaciers in the area — like the Humboldt Glacier and the Peterman Glacier — Greenland ’s total ice loss could easily be increased by an additional 50 to 100 cubic kilometers ( 12 to 24 cubic miles ) within a few years ”
… you can say “ Well , if it does increase by the larger estimate of 100 cubic km per year , and that ’s a big if since the scientists are just guessing , that would increase the loss from 0.007 % per year to around 0.010 % per year , meaning that the Greenland Ice Cap would only last until May 23rd , 12010 . ”
Finally , the original article that got my blood boiling finishes as follows :
The good news for Luthcke is that a separate team using an entirely different method has come up with measurements of Greenland ’s melting ice that , he says , are almost identical to his GRACE data .
The bad news , of course , is that both sets of measurements make it all the more certain that Greenland ’s ice is melting faster than anyone expected .
Oh , please , spare me .
As the article points out , we ’ve only been measuring Greenland ice using the GRACE satellites for six years now .
How could anyone have “ expected ” anything ?
What , were they expecting a loss of 0.003 % or something ?
And how is a Greenland ice loss of seven thousandths of one percent per year “ bad news ” ?
Grrrr …
I ’ll stop here , as I can feel my blood pressure rising again .
And as this is a family blog , I do n’t want to revert to being the un-reformed cowboy I was in my youth , because if I did I ’d start needlessly but imaginatively and loudly speculating on the ancestry , personal habits , and sexual malpractices of the author of said article … instead , I ’m going to go drink a Corona beer and reflect on the strange vagaries of human beings , who always seem to want to read “ bad news ” .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
gone ... which is ... today ... or somebody not obvious ... but not the main ones ... that debate among the ... euro folks the people with what gets them which compete with guys like Oracle now pulled Rubel
The of where ... you know I think that would be book War ... of the TV set of an interesting place with nowhere willed Nintendo and Sony ... choose to play relative to the limits of the names of forty ...
I 've already listed ... of course we still always have ... the things that come out of the open source community ... nope with Firefox and ... then when Erickson and bad ... it 's called the son of OpenOffice or the daughter of OpenOffice in that category ... that make the obvious set of primary competition it ... well it and I can't let this go without ... asking you about the will of course ... and ... there 's like three areas of East that are for maybe that I can think of where we should just the least but the tuckshop ... one is that start with Android ... picked up a lot of momentum I think he can with the euro ... in in Redmond are Cupertino you 're gonna ... be thinking about
Wow these guys are picking up a lot more than a so you know ...
Andrei tablets are coming in in in in big numbers ... or are there but it's a numbers of of ... announcements
East ... there 's lot of injured was being sold every gate to ... what your take on that this concern you mean ... this is the think it has legs you think it 's a real concerted on the all rhetoric certainly in all it's a real competitor and that in other sort of a mish mosh of lot of different things in the market ... on a ... larger screen devices ... one holds at the old these ... the Android based things will matter ... not saying or not ... but ...
I think they got to prove themselves the more you are sitting in Mountain View a pool going so that Apple using ... pretty much the same OSB used on Palm ... now they have a larger screen devices sold two million in sixty days ... would you feel good about that fewer than ... what I do n't know what ... other than the fact that people keep searching and clicking on ads on the Internet I 'm not sure what supposed to make me feel good so I 'm not going to try to protect and issues in which I do n't set up and I mean I its right as I do n't even understand what they have two new operates as well as data as demand with an educated decision shoes and I ... do n't understand you go on stage to ... analyze them to wind down but I do n't ... have to understand ... hostile ... the right guy Nestle Classic ... the guy ... we spend most of the line ... to get more coherence and RRI we did n't sleep a good run to the other guides trying to ... start incoherent ... talk to them ... on the Android scrum ...
the architecture of what 's going on I 've had my phone ... on Android ... is a bet on the paths ... from an application from an apple perspective ... chrome is a bet on the future you just have to look at the two of the two views can you explain to me of when you install an out pattern I phone when you install a nap on Android when you install a nap and when Desmond sawn out of the Mac ... you 're targeting the device right ... when you consumption was where Chrome is going or from what we 've been able to see ... the work room is going ... it's about the Macleod centric future when I go to which they write an app happens to cash itself on the device and they 've been very clear about the action to end and I think he is ... the heat gets Chrome ... it 's all just OK what do we Android ... you can't get to ... having two things ... believe me is not in the week commencing Apple trader and senior Intuit 's best guess Amy Shereen an analyst you having a phone operating system and a ... PC upper system are Apple having a fall in ... what we try them can something of a consistent application model that you can support across all devices but still like to know what you need some coherence ... having two approaches that ... will see collects them what they 're thinking about by the fact that there are actually different does n't mean that debt I think that that 's a huge saying no race a distinction with pink abandoning you may think it 's still nice to do it but ... the one ... that no one ... can make a bet tell people what you believe in and go do it I panelled Pick rating else 's into less cheery about pool ... which we talked all about last time you were here you are kind enough to ... in and use this forum to ... launch been out Spain and lunch being all add ... up anything to do and with being against ...
Poland and we are I would recessive the mom ... with ... that in its mitts on it see here here ... and we launched a year ago ... and for the first ... Church Pension to gain market share ... in a long time ... good good job ... and were up a bit but I am not confused it 's a long game but not ... unique users route fifty four percent year - on - year ... our demographics are good not just with ... what to say our class of customers but if you actually look at where Omar creature 's eyes ... it 's actually with ... people eighteen to thirty five so we over index and market share ... with with younger crowd that I 'm very pleased about ... I think we have ... done a lot to establish ... a name I think we 've done a lot to establish be ... a ... general view that we built the product that delivers good and relevant results ...
I think we 've done a lot to establish the fact that we 've taken a different an important ... perspective on user experience that I think is great ... we get a heck of lot of work cut out for us in a very competitive battle against ... of very large big enough ... and you know will know where but a year on somebody else a very large became ... takes do n't realize that they want to know why ... on ... this shore ... and dad ... you know we 're in the long run we 're investing is a lot of work to go do with the Yahoo integration ... is an important one schedule will import milestone will flip the switch ... the minute the flip the switch to be flat and you know were ... were working away with the Optimor driving drive that get done in time for this holiday season the ... quality is ... job one for us on on that integration ... because ... it 's ... in it is a business were scaled rides product improvement ...
I think what I was here last year we did n't have the up and deal announced if I remember correctly ... three console what 's happened in the year ... Carol Bartz was leaving and no set pink and green ... or something ... like that ... most lot of progress in the air and have a lot more to do ...
EDIT : New Location for post and the blog .
Let me first present to you how this would look like – you can then see whether you want to continue with this or not . 🙂
Now , if you feel that this is right for you , feel free to carry on .
First of all , to allay any claims of shameless plagiarism , this guide is inspired from the perfect guide which is available at Ubuntu Evolution – in fact , the guidelines for Ubuntu users has been copied verbatim from there .
Other users could also head over there if they want an alternative to the visual theme that will be provided here .
The major difference is that this guide also deals with ways to integrate applications like skype , firefox , etc. into the provided visual theme .
Installing the Bespin Theme ( Gentoo Users )
You must have layman configured and installed .
If not , have a look here .
layman -L -k //
As root , to refresh your list of overlays
layman - a kde //
As root , add the kde overlay ( this is where you will find the bespin theme )
emerge x11 - themes / bespin
Installing the Bespin Theme ( Ubuntu Users )
Rather than repeat the excellent tutorial by Ubuntu Evolution , I encourage you to head over there and follow the section “ Downloading and Installing of Bespin Style ” .
Also make sure that you install the development libraries that are mentioned there in the paragraph before this section .
Installing the Bespin Icon Theme ( Gentoo Users )
I am acting under the assumption that you already have the bespin theme installed .
The following instructions assume this .
The instructions in italics are to be carried out as root , whereas the instructions in normal typeface need not be carried out as root .
cd /usr / portage / distfiles/svn-src/bespin/cloudcity/icons/
cp config.example config //
Note : I have not edited the config .
example file – you are free to edit it if you like
sh generate_kde_icons.sh
cp - rf nmfnms / $ ( USER ) /.kde4/share /icons /
cd $ ( USER ) /.kde4/share /icons /
chown - R $ ( USER ) : $( USER ) nmfnms /
chmod -R 755 nmfnms /
Now select the icon theme from System Settings -> Appearence -> Icons .
Installing the Bespin Icon Theme ( Ubuntu Users )
Ubuntu users would do well to head over again to the Ubuntu Evolution post and follow the section Bespin Icon Theme .
KDM
Theme
My recommendation would be to use lzfy as your KDM theme .
Feel free to try out the Bespin KDM theme as suggested by Ubuntu Evolution .
Ksplash Theme
I rather prefer the Glassified splash theme .
I would like to use the KStarBoard theme – however it does not work for me .
I do n’t quite know why .
However , I have created a B/ W mod the KStarBoard mod of this theme – it is available here .
I think it would go rather well with the setup – use it if it works for you .
Colour Scheme
You can download the colour scheme here .
To add this Colour Scheme use System Settings -> Appearence -> Colors .
Bespin Theme
The Bespin Theme is available here .
To activate this simply follow the following steps :
System Settings -> Appearence -> Style -> Select Bespin .
Bespin -> Configure -> Presets ->
Import ( simple . bespin – the theme you downloaded above ) ->
Load .
Tip : Tab Animation does not work uniformly on all hardware .
You might want to disable it .
Go to Bespin -> Configure -> Tabs -> Animated Transition -> None ->
OK .
Window Decorations
System Settings -> Appearence -> Window Decorations
Select Bespin
Border Size ->
Tiny
Buttons -> Icons ->
The Rob ( 3rd gen )
Apply
Plasma Theme
I prefer the theme “ Air for netbooks ” ( and I do n’t use a netbook : P ) which comes bundled with KDE SC 4.4 .
There is also a plasma theme which is catered for Bespin users – you can find it here .
Use whatever suits you . 🙂
The Smooth Tasks Plasmoid
This is what provides the Windows 7 ( blasphemy , I know : P ) look to the System Taskbar .
Head over to its kde - look page to get instructions on how to install it .
Gentoo users can install the package kde - misc / smooth - tasks which is available in the kde layman – which as you might recall , we have already acquired .
Some specific Smooth Tasks settings .
General -> Grouping -> By Program Name .
General -> Sorting ->
Alphabetically .
General -> Filters ->
Only show tasks from the current desktop .
Appearance -> Tool Tip -> Tool Tip Style ->
Smooth
Appearance -> Tool Tip -> Preview Style ->
New
There are a plethora of other settings that you can play around with , but I would recommend the above for a “ smooth ” experience .
Other Recommended Plasmoids
Applications
smplayer – download the bespin icon theme for smplayer here .
kopete – I would recommend the Perfect Adium Pushpin chat style .
firefox – sadly there is no matching firefox theme .
If someone can make one , I would be obliged .
Meanwhile , I use the Oxygen theme and vimperator .
skype – use the latest 2.1 beta 2 ( for linux ) skype .
This has support for Qt Styles – and works perfectly with the bespin theme .
Gtk Apps – this is always a pain .
There really is no gtk theme that I have found which goes well with bespin .
I am currently using Clearlooks – if anyone can find / make a theme which goes well with bespin , well I would indeed be grateful .
That is all I can think of for now .
If you would like to know something more , feel free to comment . :)
P.S. For those of you who are interested in the conky configuration , have a look see here .
Two off - duty police officers have been found guilty of assaulting a group of students .
Verdicts have been returned in the judge - alone trial of Patrick Garty , 32 , and Wiremu Bowers Rakatau , 21 , in the Auckland District Court .
Judge Heather Simpson rejected the pair 's self - defence justifications saying they had plenty of opportunities to not carry out the assaults .
Both officers immediately indicated they would apply for a Section 106 discharge without conviction .
The judge said the victims ' body language , seen on CCTV footage , indicated non-aggressiveness and a conciliatory tone .
The police case was that Garty and Bowers Rakatau , at the time both serving officers , had been out drinking in the city with a third off - duty officer when a verbal altercation developed with a group of five young males .
After the students gave them the fingers , the police officers , in civilian clothes , followed the group down an alley and an altercation developed in the foyer of an apartment block .
Differing interpretations of security camera footage of the foyer were the focus of the trial .
The footage showed a scuffle between Garty and one of the students , Benjamin Palmer , in the bottom left of the screen that quickly disappeared out of view .
The four others were seen standing nearby being prevented from reaching their friend by Bowers Rakatau who was seen kicking them as they approached .
The prosecution version was that Garty pushed his way into the room and the off - camera scuffle included Garty repeatedly punching Palmer in the head .
Palmer cracked his head as he fell down from the assault , causing him to bleed .
Bowers Rakatau was charged with assaulting Palmer for aiding Garty and not allowing anyone to come between them .
Members of the group earlier testified they were trying to calm the situation down and were not threatening the officers .
The judge accepted that teh students were trying to escape the three officers who appeared to them to be aggressive strangers .
While Garty did the bulk of the assault " Mr Rakatau made it clear by his behaviour he was there to assist with whatever Garty was doing '' , the judge said .
A few days ago on my sarcastic interest rates post , Dave0 asked :
I wonder what the chart would look like if you graphed out , from 2000 to present , the price someone could afford to buy with the given interest rate at the time ( from the graph above ) , with payments equal to 28 % of the median household income at the time .
How closely would that correlate to the median price graph ?
Tim is this something you could pull together ?
I ca n’t resist a request for a new chart , so here you go :
The results probably wo n’t be too surprising to anyone who has been following the housing bubble for some time .
The whole reason that it was a bubble was because home prices got way out of whack with the fundamentals .
Note that the blue dot on the median price line in the above chart indicates the month that I launched Seattle Bubble , saying that “ I do believe there is a speculative bubble in real estate right now . ”
While we were making good progress toward a complete correction in home prices from 2007 through early 2009 , last year ’s massive government intervention seems to have delayed the full return to rational pricing by a bit .
The last point on the “ Affordable Home Price ” line is at $ 325,000 , while the most recent median price was $ 375,000 .
As a complement to the above chart , here ’s an updated look at the affordability index for King County :
We just barely touched 100.0 on the index in March of last year before all of the government “ assistance ” drove home prices back into more unaffordable territory .
" It 's ready when it 's ready . "
Developers must love being able to say that .
It means they 're so rich and successful they do n't have to worry about trivialities like release dates .
The publisher will wait patiently for them to hand over the finished product , and wo n't dare bang on about seasonal purchasing trends in the meantime .
It suggests they 've risen above the situation of most developers , who , on being asked when their game is out , must either lie or reply , " It 's ready when the publisher says it 's ready / when it 's cost so much money we can't afford to buy toilet paper for the office / when the movie 's out , even if we have n't finished the final level and none of the cars have wheels . "
Remedy Entertainment does n't fall into that category .
Extensive research suggests the studio never used the phrase " when it 's ready " exactly , but all the same , it 's been five years since Alan Wake was announced , and you can bet development began some time before then .
Remedy even had the luxury of nine months just for polishing .
So has it been worth the wait , or should Alan Wake have stayed in bed ?
Ask the titular character that question and you 'll probably get an answer in the affirmative .
Alan is a best - selling thriller author who suffers from writer 's block .
He decides to take a holiday in a bid to clear his head .
And how does Alan choose to get away from it all , do you think ?
By spending a fortnight in Rio , drinking pina coladas by the pool ?
Or by visiting a tiny , rainy Pacific Northwest town inhabited by hilarious simpletons and frightening weirdoes , where the only available accommodation is an ancient log cabin in the middle of a haunted lake ?
ASBO teen or geography teacher ?
With his hoodie , tweed jacket and leather elbow patch combo , Alan just loves to confuse .
Alan is accompanied on this jolly holiday by his wife , Alice .
She sets the cause of female videogame characters back 10 years by being afraid of the dark and mewling like a kitten with a broken leg whenever the lights are off .
Knowing this ,
Alan should probably have picked a nice hotel rather than a cabin powered by a generator in a shed at the end of the back garden .
Needless to say , within about 12 minutes of arriving in the town of Bright Falls , Alice goes missing in mysterious circumstances and Alan embarks on a quest to find her .
Standing in his way is an army of zombie - like enemies known as the Taken .
These are people who have been possessed by a dark force and turned into homicidal maniacs .
Some have scythes , some throw axes , but all have a nasty habit of appearing out of nowhere and attempting to hack Alan to death .
Edith Shain , who became something of a celebrity decades after World War II , asserting that she was the nurse kissed by a sailor in Life magazine ’s memorable photograph of V - J Day in Times Square , died Sunday at her home in Los Angeles .
She was 91 .
Her death was announced by her family .
On the 60th anniversary of Japan ’s surrender , in 2005 , the Times Square Alliance welcomed Mrs. Shain to its commemoration of that frenzied August day in 1945 , when strangers were hugging and kissing everywhere in the throngs that came to Times Square to celebrate the war ’s end .
Wearing sneakers and a nurse ’s uniform , Mrs. Shain re-enacted the moment captured by Life ’s renowned photographer Alfred Eisenstaedt .
Many men have claimed to be the sailor who bestowed the kiss .
Disney is reinventing Cinderella as a real - life career girl .
To celebrate , here are eight art prints of Disney 's princesses , reimagined comic - book style .
Advertisement
Ready to see Cinderella in the flesh as an overworked , underappreciated gal about town , just looking for her Prince Charming ?
Disney is rumored to be rebooting the glass slippered princess with the help of the Devil Wears Prada scribe .
Deadline is reporting that Disney snapped up a pitch from Aline Brosh the 27 Dresses and The Devil Wears Prada writer .
The seven - figure deal promises a full live - action Cinderella reboot .
But are people ready for a modern - day fairy tale ?
We adored Enchanted , but this seems a lot less tongue - and - cheek and a lot more romantic comedy / chick flick , which could be a very good or a very bad thing .
How about Cindy gets to be her own Prince Charming this time around ?
Heh ?
Advertisement
To celebrate this news , check out another take on the Disney princesses , drawn up comic - book style by J. Scott Campbell .
In keeping with the " comic book art " style [ Note the quotes ] , they can barely keep their seashells on — oh no wait she 's not wearing any seashells .
At least Maleficent looks bad - ass , as usual .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
[ J. Scott Campbell via Geekologie ]
SAN JOSE , Calif . --
The San Jose Sharks will not offer goaltender Evgeni Nabokov a contract when he becomes an unrestricted free agent next week , cutting ties with one of the franchise 's cornerstone players .
General manager Doug Wilson announced the decision Tuesday in a pre-draft news conference , shortly after delivering the news personally to Nabokov .
" He 's been outstanding for this organization , a big part of our successes , " Wilson said .
" I have great respect for him as a player , as a man and a teammate . "
Nabokov said at the end of the season that he would like to remain in San Jose but noted that it was not his decision entirely .
Nabokov made $ 6 million last year in the final season of his five - year contract .
Wilson noted a direction in the NHL in which teams have had great success with lower - paid goaltenders , most recently with the Chicago Blackhawks winning the Stanley Cup with Antti Niemi , who made $ 827,000 this season .
" If you look at the trends in this league the last four or five years in particular and the dollars that are dedicated to that position , " he said .
" If you 're dedicating $ 5 or $ 6 million , that 's coming out of somewhere else . "
Nabokov has been one of the top goalies in the league the past few years , winning an NHL - best 131 games over the past three seasons .
He has a 293 - 215 - 29 record in 10 seasons with the Sharks , with a 2.39 goals - against average .
Nabokov went 44 - 26 with a 2.43 GAA last season , helping the Sharks reach the Western Conference finals this year , where they were swept by Chicago .
The Sharks will give a chance to backup Thomas Greiss , who started 11 games this season and also played for Germany in the Olympics , as well as minor league goalie Alex Stalock , who won 39 games and had a 2.63 GAA with AHL Worcester .
Wilson said the team would also look to add a veteran goalie either through a trade or free agency to pair with one of the younger goalies .
Among the goalies eligible to become unrestricted free agents are the Dallas Stars ' Marty Turco , St. Louis Blues ' Chris Mason , Philadelphia Flyers ' Michael Leighton and Washington Capitals ' Jose Theodore .
" The goaltending market is very deep , " Wilson said .
" There 's lots of goalies that are out there that you can supplement or build a tandem with what you have .
Make no mistake , we 're very pleased with the goaltenders we have in our system and they 'll be given an opportunity . "
With a decision made not to try to retain Nabokov , the focus for the Sharks turns to the other unrestricted free agents , most notably leading goal - scorer Patrick Marleau .
The decision to let Nabokov leave could free up more money for Marleau if necessary .
Forwards Scott Nichol and Manny Malhotra and defenseman Niclas Wallin are also among the unrestricted free agents the Sharks want to keep .
Wilson is also looking to lock up restricted free agents Joe Pavelski and Devin Setoguchi .
" I would like to get all the pieces done prior to the draft , " Wilson said .
" That would be my home run . "
The Sharks will lose at least two key players from the team that reached the Western Conference finals , with captain Rob Blake announcing his retirement last week .
But Wilson believes there is plenty of help coming through the system with some young players who can complement stars like Joe Thornton , Dany Heatley and Dan Boyle to maintain the Sharks ' position as a perennial contender .
" We think this team is going into a four - or five - year window , " Wilson said .
" Just look at the age of the team with Blakey not being back and Nabber not being back .
We 're a young team actually coming into its prime .
Now I have to forecast the dedication of dollars going forward . "
Enlarge By George Widman , AP
In July , Teva Pharmaceuticals recalled propofol made in California after 41 patients developed post - operative fever and other symptoms the company said may indicate exposure to bacterial toxins .
FOLLOW @USATODAYHEALTH
FOLLOW @USATODAYHEALTH
At least 43 drug factories supplying medication to thousands of U.S. consumers have received government warnings in recent months for failing to correct shoddy manufacturing practices that may have exposed patients to health risks , a USA TODAY review of records shows .
Violations serious enough to prompt warning letters from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration include plants using equipment and ingredients contaminated with bacteria or insects , failing to do proper testing to ensure drug strength and purity , and ignoring consumer complaints that products were making them sick .
The 43 warning letters , issued since January 2009 , reflect only some of the most serious manufacturing violations the FDA finds during facility inspections .
During 2002 - 06 , for example , more than half of inspections at domestic drug plants and 62 % at foreign plants supplying the U.S. had violations that did n't prompt warning letters , but were classified as requiring correction , FDA data published by the Government Accountability Office show .
The FDA declined to provide more recent numbers .
The House oversight committee will hold a hearing Thursday into the April 30 recall of children 's liquid Tylenol and other medicine made at a Pennsylvania plant .
" We want to make certain that medications are safe , and the only way we can do that is to bring in the folks responsible , " said committee Chairman Edolphus Towns , D - N.Y .
TYLENOL RECALL : Plant in recall cited in 2009 for tainted ingredient Drug industry officials said manufacturing problems are rare .
" The U.S. regulatory system for prescription drugs is the toughest and safest in the world , " said Ken Johnson at the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America .
Among violations identified in FDA warning letters : • Anesthesiologists are grappling with a nationwide shortage of propofol , an injectable drug used during surgeries , because two of the three companies that supply the U.S. had safety recalls .
In July , Teva Pharmaceuticals recalled propofol made in California after 41 patients developed post - operative fever and other symptoms the company said may indicate exposure to bacterial toxins .
In December , the FDA issued a warning letter to Teva for not doing proper bacterial testing .
In November and March , a North Carolina plant run by Hospira recalled propofol because of contamination with steel particles .
Safety is " absolutely critical " for such potent drugs , said American Society of Anesthesiologists president Alexander Hannenberg .
Teva's Denise Bradley said the company 's plant has not resumed manufacturing .
Hospira 's Dan Rosenberg said : " We 're making improvements . " •
An Illinois plant run by Balchem that makes calcium carbonate , an ingredient in antacids and a menopause medication , sent out products made with water the plant knew was contaminated with coliform bacteria .
Balchem did n't respond to interview requests .
• A Massachusetts plant run by Braintree Laboratories failed to properly investigate 21 consumer complaints of bug parts or spiders in five of its medicine products , according to the May warning letter .
The company did not respond to interview requests .
•
Several species of bacteria were found on equipment at a Puerto Rico plant that makes drugs and cosmetics for Procter & Gamble , according to an April 2009 warning letter .
The letter also cited the company for failing to investigate 198 complaints in the previous year alleging health problems associated with a Vicks Sinex product made there .
In November , the company separately recalled Vicks Sinex nasal spray made in Germany because of bacterial contamination .
" We are confident these issues are isolated , " said company spokesman Paul Fox .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
AUX.TV " newmusic/music-videos/vampire-weekend-holiday-exclusive - premiere - 12 am - tonight " page
The document with the url www.aux.tv/newmusic/music-videos/vampire-weekend-holiday-exclusive-premiere-12am-tonight is no longer available on our new website .
Archived page may be found by searching " newmusic/music-videos/vampire-weekend-holiday - exclusive - premiere - 12 am - tonight " on the non-profit digital library archive.org
The original page was probably related to music , singer , concert , rock , rap , soul , music event , but particularly to :
newmusic - music videos - vampire weekend holiday exclusive premiere 12 am tonight .
Thanks for visiting Aux.TV , the new international weather forecast website :
www.aux.tv/es/ for Spain .
www.aux.tv/uk/ for United kingdom .
www.aux.tv/it/ for Italy .
www.aux.tv/fr/ for France .
www.aux.tv/de/ for Germany .
During the sport ’s infancy , prior to the days of schedules and organised fixtures , American baseball teams formally arranged games by way of the postal system , in the form of the ‘ challenge letter ’ .
Below is one such charming invitation , sent in 1860 by Jersey City ’s Hamilton Base Ball Club to the New York Knickerbockers ; a team who , despite being one of the very first on the scene – and in fact participants in , and losers of , the first ever ‘ officially recorded ’ game of U.S. baseball – sadly ceased to exist in the 1870s as the sport became professionalised .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
Hamilton Base Ball Club .
Jersey City , Sept. 13th , 1860 To the President & Members
of the Knickerbocker B B Club NY Gentlemen , I am instructed by the “ Hamilton Club , ” to invite the “ First Nine ” of your Club to play a match game of Base Ball ( “ on the fly ” ) upon our grounds at Long Dock Jersey City , on Saturday Sept. 29th .
Hoping that the above may prove acceptable , I remain , Yours Truly N.B. Shafer Sec’ty
Box 208 .
PO
Jersey City .
For an updated version of this story , click here .
COSTA MESA —
The head of a 26 - year - old Costa Mesa man who was killed and dismembered was discovered about noon Saturday in brush at El Dorado Park in Long Beach , police said .
Authorities believe that Samuel Eliezer Herr was killed May 21 and his body dismembered .
Daniel Patrick Wozniak , 26 , was arrested Wednesday night at a Huntington Beach restaurant and charged Friday with two felony counts of special circumstances murder over the deaths of Herr and Juri “ Julie ” Kibuishi , 23 , of Irvine .
Kibuishi ’s body was found May 22 at Herr ’s apartment .
Police initially suspected
Herr in the killing , because he had disappeared .
Parts of Herr ’s dismembered body have been found at El Dorado Park and at Los Alamitos Joint Forces Training Base .
Members of the Costa Mesa Police Department , the Long Beach Police Department and the FBI continued conducting a search of El Dorado Park for more evidence , police said .
When Wozniak was arrested Wednesday night , he was only suspected as an accessory .
Herr was still the suspect , said Det. Sgt. Ed Everett of Costa Mesa police .
But after interviews with Wozniak and further investigation , police found Herr ’s body , and Wozniak became the suspect .
After Wozniak was transferred to the Orange County Jail on Thursday , he hurt himself , sustaining a head injury , Lt. Mark Manley said Saturday .
Costa Mesa police put out a version of events Friday .
Around 1 p.m. on May 21 , Wozniak and Herr drove to the Los Alamitos Joint Forces Training Base , where Wozniak shot and killed Herr at the base ’s theater facility to rob him , police said .
Wozniak then cut off
Herr ’s head , left arm , and right hand , police said .
Herr ’s torso was discovered Thursday in a seldom - used portion of the theater .
Police said that Wozniak disposed of other body parts at El Dorado Park .
Wozniak then set up a meeting with Kibuishi at Herr ’s apartment by sending text messages from Herr ’s phone , police said .
Shortly after midnight , Kibuishi went to Herr ’s apartment at the Camden Martinique complex at 2855 Pinecreek Drive in Costa Mesa , where Wozniak met her , police said .
Inside the apartment , Wozniak shot her in the head with a shotgun , killing her , police said .
He then removed some of her clothing to make it look like a sexual assault , police said .
On Saturday , Herr ’s father went to the apartment to check on him and found Kibuishi ’s body .
Police discovered text messages that showed Kibuishi had gone to the apartment voluntarily and began looking for Herr .
They found that somebody was using his card to make ATM withdrawals in Long Beach .
That led them to a 17 - year - old boy , who told police he was making the withdrawals for Wozniak .
Noah David Buffett , 28 , of Long Beach , and Wozniak ’s brother , Timothy Wozniak , were arrested on suspicion of accessory after the fact .
They are suspected of helping dispose of evidence other than the body , Everett said .
The only known motive for the crime is financial gain , Everett said .
Around $ 2,000 was withdrawn from Herr ’s account .
Wozniak was scheduled to get married this weekend , police said .
He is currently being treated at Western Medical Center , prosecutors said .
A video of Wozniak surfaced Saturday showing a smiling and laughing man during apparent outtakes for a 2009 play he starred in ( http://bit.ly/cFirFI) and a Facebook profile for a “ Dan Wozniak ” showed that he became friends on the social networking site with a “ Julie Kibuishi ” sometime between March 22 and April 5 .
Wednesday morning , the day he was arrested , he was making jokes on a friend ’s Facebook profile .
A friend wrote “ No help cmon I need something to paint people !!! ” and Wozniak replied “ I suggest Santa Claus trapped in a snowstorm … come on … think about it ! ”
When Wozniak was arrested two weeks ago on another matter , he listed his profession as actor .
He was the star of a recently completed production of “ Nine ” at Hunger Artists Theatre Company in Fullerton .
The OC Weekly raved , “ Dan Wozniak ’s Guido is superb .
Though his character should be an unlikable pig — he ’s self - obsessed , egotistical and a liar who uses women as checkers pieces — Wozniak somehow manages to make Guido eminently likeable and even sympathetic .
…
Wozniak captures the angst of a man staring into the abyss of his own being and seeing his own frailty . ”
Police asked that anyone with additional information contact Everett at 714-754-5395 or Det. Jose Morales at 714-754-5637 .
Contact the writer : jcassidy@ocregister.com or 714-704-3782
SEM showing surface roughness of the fs-laser machined nanochannel .
Image credit : Nature Nanotechnology , doi:10.1038/nnano.2010.81 .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A team of engineers from the U.S. and South Korea has developed what is believed to be the smallest man-made pump ever built , powered by a glass electrode .
The pump is about the same size as a red blood corpuscle .
While glass does not normally conduct electricity , the team discovered a few years ago that at the nanoscale glass can conduct electricity without breaking .
They have now used the property to solve a problem inherent in nanodevices , which is the difficulty of integrating wires into them to provide the required electrical current .
The engineers involved in the research were Sanghyun Lee from South Korea ’s Pohang University of Science and Technology , and Alan Hunt and Ran An from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor in the U.S.
They machined nanochannels inside a glass substrate ( a microscope cover slip ) using a new laser technique ( called “ femtosecond - laser nanomachining ” ) , leaving a thin glass wall at the tip of each channel that can change properties reversibly from an insulator to a conductor in the presence of high electric fields .
This phenomenon is called “ dialectric breakdown , ” and usually results in overheating and damage , but at the nanoscale there is no damage to the glass .
When the channel is filled with an electrically conducting solution it effectively becomes a tiny liquid wire , with the glass wall at the end acting as an electrode .
Hunt described the thickness of the glass wall by saying that “ if Alice ate a mushroom in Wonderland and shrank to the size of a gnat , the thread in her dress would be about as thick as the conductive glass wall in the electrode . ”
The team demonstrated the glass electrodes by using them to power a microscopic pump consisting of an assembly of three 0.6 - micrometer - wide glass electrodes .
Each electrode consists of two channels positioned end to end with the glass wall between them .
The wall would normally prevent the electrolyte and electric current from passing through , but at the nanoscale applying an electric potential of only 10 volts was enough to transform the insulating glass into a conducting electrode .
The heat generated by dielectric breakdown was dissipated so quickly at this scale that there was no damage to the glass .
The pump works by electroosmosis , in which electricity pushes the fluids from one end of the pump to the other .
The heart of the pump measures only four micrometers across , and the pump is capable of controlling a flow rate of one femtoliter ( 10 - 15 liters ) per second .
It could be used for applications such as delivering drugs to an individual cell or for taking fluid samples from single cells .
The glass electrodes could also be integrated into other nanoscale devices .
The results of the research are published online in Nature Nanotechnology .
Explore further Storing a Lightning Bolt in Glass for Portable Power
More information : Sanghyun Lee et al. , Liquid glass electrodes for nanofluidics , Nature Nanotechnology , Published online : 16 May 2010 | Sanghyun Lee et al. , Liquid glass electrodes for nanofluidics , , Published online : 16 May 2010 | doi:10.1038/nnano.2010.81
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
The Force will be strong with our younglings this fall , when Sony Online Entertainment releases Star Wars : Clone Wars Adventures , a free - to - play , kid - friendly online PC game .
Clone Wars Adventures ( trailer embedded above ) will deliver a suite of online mini-games themed around the Clone Wars cartoon , all wrapped in a social environment that lets players customize a character , buy pets and compete against friends in daily challenges .
While kids can play for free , a monthly membership fee will get them even more stuff to do — and there will be FarmVille - style microtransactions using Sony ’s Station Cash system .
I got an early look at the game during a pre-E3 event last month and found the mini- games to be solid .
A typing drill asked players to hunt and peck the names of Clone Wars characters and settings to take down incoming spaceships .
A Star Wars - flavored tower defense game pitted the player against an oncoming army of battle droids .
Maybe the most intriguing ( especially for those old enough to feel burnt by The Phantom Menace ) was a game in which players used their force push to hurl a Gungan into the air , hoping to hit explosives and piles of dung with the creature .
One of the game designers told me LucasArts was a bit iffy about this shabby treatment of Jar Jar ’s kin until the gamemakers explained that the Gungan was a willing participant , happily helping young Jedi hone their skills .
Image courtesy Sony Online Entertainment
See Also :
Tell it like it is .
Welcome to Play Royal Vegas Imagine a never ending cascade of games , available anytime for you to play until your hearts content ?
Imagine playing high quality games that wo n’t dent your pocket ?
Well , imagine not , for this is precisely what you ’ll get when you sign up at Play Royal Vegas .
Here at Play Royal Vegas we ’ve taken a different approach to gaming .
Call us sentimental , call us traditionalists , but we ’re all for harking back to simpler times .
With this in mind , allow us to introduce you to the Royal Vegas Fun Play collection of games .
Pure gaming is high on our agenda and it ’s something we ’d like to make you a part of .
Play Royal Vegas ’ philosophy is simple : play , play and play some more !
What is Fun Play ?
Fun play gaming is the process of playing online games for the enjoyment thereof , not the profit .
There are no monetary rewards when it comes to fun play gaming .
Instead there ’s the thrill of the chase , the ecstasy of the win , the sheer and simple fun of it all and lastly , bragging rights .
That ’s right guys and girls , just because you do n’t win cash , does n’t mean you walk away empty handed .
More Stash for your Cash
When you sign up with Play Royal Vegas you ’ll soon see how rewarding playing for fun can be .
When you sign up you get 400 credits to get the fun started and thereafter for your first deposit , we ’ll match you by 200 % to the maximum amount of 2 000 credits !
In addition to this we dish out daily credits and here ’s the real fun part : daily 24 hour leaderboard !
We ’ll make you famous if you make it into our top 10 leader board .
See your name in lights if you wager enough and if you ’ve got the stamina to go all the way !
The good news is it ’s all in the name of fun and because we hand out daily credits , there ’ll always be a reason to get in on the action .
Top Tech at Royal Vegas
To make sure you ’re getting only the best type of fun play gaming experience , we ’ve roped in the services of the original gaming gurus themselves , Microgaming .
This means that you ’ll get a quality of product that ’s unique , dynamic , entertaining , and loads of fun .
Our tech specs are such that you ’ll be able to play these games for fun old school style on your PC or the way it ’s most often played these days , on your mobile device .
Wow , time does fly .
More than a year ago , on October 23rd , 2008 , Nintendo finally released an update that fixed the strncmp ( fakesigning ) exploit in all forks of IOS .
This disabled any direct methods to install unofficial content on all updated Wii consoles .
At the time , version beta9 of The Homebrew Channel had been in the making for a while , so we decided to take the opportunity to use one of our stockpiled IOS exploits to work around the update and release beta9 .
These exploits differ from fakesigning in that they directly exploit the IOS runtime , injecting code that lets us take control and disable signatures altogether .
Therefore , this was our first released IOS code execution exploit .
HBC beta9 was released and worked great on all Wiis , as always .
In order to hinder Nintendo ’s attempts at fixing it , and to avoid misuse by warez kiddies , sven and I had a lot of fun obfuscating the exploit over a couple afternoons .
We decided not to release information about it , hoping it would last long enough to be useful for future installers and BootMii .
Later we kind of forgot about this , but on a few occassions people have asked us to document it , and we proposed a challenge : we would document the exploit as soon as someone “ broke ” our obfuscation and figured out how the exploit works .
The intent was to promote reverse engineering and also see just how long it would take people to crack it .
Apparently , either people were n’t very interested or we did a pretty good obfuscation job , because it took pretty long 🙂
Well , I ’m happy to say that today I received an e-mail from an anonymous hacker who successfully reverse engineered our layers of obfuscation .
He ( or she ! ) discovered the inner workings of the STM Release Exploit , as I will be calling it , and did so after three weekends of reverse engineering .
Hats off to you , and thank you for taking the challenge !
This bug was discovered by accident , and in fact it is a real honest - to - goodness software bug that is not only exploitable , but a nuisance during regular use .
To understand it , you need to understand how STM works .
STM is the IOS module in charge of random hardware functions such as handling the fan , “ idle ” ( WC24 ) mode , the front slot LED ( including the blink patterns ) , and the buttons .
I have no clue what STM means , but I ’ve seen it called “ State - TM ” somewhere on the Wii .
One of the main functions of STM is to provide a way for PowerPC software to get notifications when either the Reset or the Power buttons are pressed .
It ’s worth noting that I have no clue why they did this – the PowerPC already knows about Reset via the legacy GameCube interface , and can be given direct access to Power including IRQ via the shared GPIO system , and IOS does n’t use these buttons at all – but they did .
It works like this : STM creates two devices , an “ immediate ” device , and an “ event ” device .
The immediate device is used to issue commands to STM that take effect immediately , while the event device is the callback mechanism .
The PowerPC code issues an IOS_IoctlAsync ( ) call on the “ event ” device , and this call blocks ( asynchronously ) until there is an event ( such as a button press ) .
When this happens , the call returns with the event code , and the PowerPC code reissues it to listen for further events .
One problem with this approach is that the PowerPC needs a way to shut down the event callback .
The IOS IPC mechanism does n’t provide a way for the PowerPC to cancel an ongoing request ; it must wait until its completion .
When PowerPC code needs to hand off execution , it needs to clean up all references and file descriptors to IOS , so it needs a way to get rid of the event call .
STM implements this by having a call on the immediate interface that forces the event call to return with a zero event code .
So far so good .
If you ’re interested , check out stm.c on libogc ( particularly the functions with EventHook in the name ) .
In order to better understand the mechanism , it ’s worth looking at the individual messages as they are exchanged with IOS .
Here ’s what it might look like :
PowerPC IOS Initializing STM open ( path= ” /dev/stm/immediate ” ) open ( ) fd = 1 open ( path= ”/dev/stm/eventhook ” ) open ( ) fd = 2 ioctl ( fd=2 , num=EVENTHOOK , evbuf=0x12345600 )
Time passes , user presses button Write event code to 0x12345600 ioctl ( fd=2 ) result = 0 Read event code from 0x12345600 ioctl( fd=2 , num=EVENTHOOK , evbuf=0x12345600 )
Time passes , software decides to shut down STM ioctl ( fd=1 , num=RELEASE ) Write 0 event code to 0x12345600 ioctl ( fd=2 ) result = 0 ioctl ( fd=1 ) result = 0 close ( 2 ) close ( 2 ) result = 0 close ( 1 ) close ( 1 ) result = 0
Now , when I was reverse engineering STM , I noticed that things did n’t work well when using the Twilight Hack .
This is because Zelda ’s STM eventhook is still active , and STM wo n’t let you register a new one .
So I added an STM eventhook release to the Twilight Hack code .
One slight issue is that we ca n’t know if there was an old eventhook or not , depending on what the state of the machine was ( since the Twilight Hack can be relaunched from software , as an SD loader of sorts , and this was popular in the early days ) , so we just make it attempt to release the eventhook always .
This is fine , as the release function will return an error if there is no eventhook active .
Then IOS started crashing sometimes .
Looking closely at the release function in STM , here ’s what I found :
release_eventhook MOV R12 , SP STMFD SP ! , {R4-R6,R11,R12,LR , PC} LDR R4 , =hook_msg MOV R6 , R0 SUB R11 , R12 , # 4 LDR R0 , =aRelease BL printf_disabled LDR R3 , [ R4 ] MOV R5 , #0 CMP R3 , R5 MOVL R1 , -6 MOV R0 , R6 BEQ loc_20300C04 loc_20300BD8 STR R5 , [ R4 ] MOV R0 , R3 LDR R3 , [ R3,#0x18 ]
MOV R1 , R5 STR R5 , [ R3 ] BL AckMessage MOV R0 , R6 MOV R1 , R5 BL AckMessage LDMFD SP , {R4-R6,R11,SP,LR} BX LR loc_20300C04 BL AckMessage LDR R3 , [ R4 ] B loc_20300BD8
This translates to the following C code :
struct ios_message { // this is n't exactly right on the IOS side , but it does n't matter here u32 command ; // 0x00 = 6 for ioctl s32 result ; // 0x04 s32 fd ; // 0x08 // arguments for ioctl u32 ioctl_number ; // 0x0 c void * buffer_in ; // 0x10 u32 in_size ; // 0x14 void * buffer_out ; // 0x18 u32 out_size ; // 0x1c } ; struct ios_message * hook_msg ; void release_eventhook ( ios_message * imm_msg ) { struct ios_message * the_hook_msg = hook_msg ; printf_disabled ( " Release
" ) ; if ( ! the_hook_msg ) { AckMessage ( imm_msg , - 6 ) ; } hook_msg = NULL ; *( u32*)the_hook_msg->buffer_out = 0 ; AckMessage ( the_hook_msg , 0 ) ; AckMessage ( imm_msg , 0 ) ; }
Notice anything wrong ?
They forgot a return ; statement right at the end of the if (! the_hook_msg ) block !
This means that if there is no callback registered , it will try to ack the immediate message twice ( which does nothing ) , it will try to ack a NULL message ( which the kernel catches and does nothing ) , but most importantly , it will dereference a NULL structure , get a pointer from it , and write 0 to the address pointed to by that pointer .
In other words , that line of code becomes **( u32**) 0x18 = 0 ; , as 0x18 is the offset of buffer_out inside the structure .
And 0x18 is an address in low MEM1 that we completely control from the PowerPC .
Whoops .
In the Twilight Hack , this location usually contained some odd value , which caused IOS to crash with an unaligned access exception .
We added a workaround in a later release of the Twilight Hack so IOS will no longer crash .
It looks like this :
// STM bug workaround //
On attempt to release callback when it 's already released // or when it has fired and auto - released , STM dereferences a // member of a NULL IPC structure and then tries to write 0 // to outbuf .
End result , STM tries to : // **(( u32**)0x18 ) = 0 ; // so we set 0x18 here to a valid address ( 0x14 ) to prevent // a crash .
*(( u32*)0x80000018 ) = 0x00000014 ; sync_after_write (( void*)0x80000014 , 8 ) ; printf ( " Releasing STM callback ... " ) ; /* ... */
The comment was removed from the Twilight Hack public source code release ( 😉 ) , but the code is still there .
I chose IOS34 for the exploit because it is not used for homebrew or any games that I own ( so I can patch it for debugging with impunity ) , and it shares the same STM binary with IOS35 , which is mostly what I ’ve been reverse engineering .
The exploit is quite simple : we simply find the address of the stack location that contains the return address for the function ( LR ) , and write it to 0x18 .
Then we release the STM callback twice .
The second time around , STM zeroes out the return address and the function returns to execute code at address 0 .
We place our own code there , and clean up afterwards by jumping to the real return location , so STM keeps on running happily .
But wait , we need to somehow break into the kernel to disable the signature check .
How can we do that ?
Well , it turns out that Nintendo left behind some useful IOS syscalls .
They look like this :
wtf1 MOVS R3 , # 3 STR R3 , [ R0 ] MOVS R3 , #0 STRH R3 , [ R1 ] BX LR wtf2 MOVS R3 , # 1 STR R3 , [ R0 ] MOVS R3 , #0 STRH R3 , [ R1 ] BX LR
Which translates to :
void wtf1 ( u32 * a , u16 * b ) { * a = 3 ; *b = 0 ; } void wtf2 ( u32 * a , u16 * b ) { * a = 1 ; *b = 0 ; }
These functions appear to be used as configuration for certain global settings , such as whether IOS is monolithic or modular , so they just return constant values by dereferencing their arguments .
In any case , there are no permission checks and these calls happily write to any address that you want , with full kernel permissions .
We just pass along an address inside the signature check function that we want patched out , and we win .
Now , this exploit is n’t just caused by the small bug in STM ; it ’s also a consequence of poor security in IOS in general :
IOS should unmap the zero page and cause NULL dereferences to abort .
IOS should NEVER allow or use execute permission for memory controlled by the PowerPC ( !!! ) .
allow or use execute permission for memory controlled by the PowerPC ( ) .
IOS system calls should be code - reviewed and checked for validation of arguments , as they are critical to security .
Nintendo needs to backport security fixes to all IOSes .
They had found the syscall bug and fixed it in newer IOS forks , but this is useless without backporting it back to all older IOSes .
In fact , changes like that draw attention to the bugs .
Which of course brings us to the fact that having dozens of forks of security - critical software is a maintenance nightmare and a really really bad idea .
Unfortunately , given later exploits and Nintendo ’s changes to IOS , it seems they ca n’t be bothered to do any of the above .
They fixed the STM bug and backported the syscall fix from other IOSes , but there are others with similar bugs .
Hope you had fun reading this latest episode of How To Pwn a Nintendo 😉
Steve Cofield reported yesterday :
" ( Fedor 's ) not even the best heavyweight in the world , " said White .
" To put him on the pound - for - pound list .
I think some of these guys do n't even know what pound - for - pound means .
It 's just so disrespectful to all the other fighters it 's crazy . "
Fedor is 32 - 1 with his only loss coming on a controversial cut due an illegal strike .
He does n't deserve consideration for the pound - for - pound list ?
White said no and that most MMA sites have an agenda .
" Most of these goofy MMA sites , what you have to understand is , these guys are in it for the money , " said White .
" They get paid from all the smaller promotions .
They get paid a lot of money from the smaller promotions .
So they feel like they have to put some of their guys .
That 's the way it works .
It 's sick and drives me crazy .
White took issue with both Fedor and Jake Shields on the Sherdog list .
The only two non-UFC fighters in the top 10 .
He also argued with Fitch being on the list .
" It 's not a real pound - for - pound list .
Either they do n't know pound - for - pound is or the obvious is they 're being paid . " ...
That seems like a pretty big grenade to lob .
Who knows , maybe there is some wrangling behind the scenes but most of the MMA media folks I know cover the sport for almost no monetary gain .
The full audio of White 's interview with the Bill Simmons podcast is in the full entry ( by way of Cofield ) .
Josh Gross responded via Twitter .
Zach Arnold had this to say :
Here 's the deal - I get it .
It 's a media tweak , Rush Limbaugh - style , from the most powerful man in MMA .
He gets his jollies by doing this all the time .
However , the accusation made is a very loaded one and is as annoying as listening to a media personality interviewing a subject with the dreaded " well some people say [ insert loaded allegation here ] ... " without actually naming anyone specificly .
So , Mr. White , name some names .
Do n't waste my time if you do n't have the goods .
And if the rankings online are as meaningless as you think they are , why are you wasting any time caring about them ?
Stop being a mark for rankings if you think they 're corrupt .
Here 's a constructive idea for you - if you think all these ‘ mark MMA web sites ' are corrupt and are producing corrupt rankings lists , why does n't UFC produce their own rankings lists on their web site ?
( One answer to that question is because it would give fighters an idea of how the promotion views their slotting in the company , thus providing some leverage at the bargaining table .
Remember , I recently transcribed an interview with Eddie Alvarez where he said that rankings lists only primarily matter in the sense that it gives his manager an idea of what to ask for money - wise .
Seriously . )
For my part , I have to concur with Jordan Breen that if there are payoffs being passed around for ranking non-UFC fighters , we 're certainly not getting our share for the USA TODAY / SB Nation MMA Consensus Rankings .
I 'll send out a blanket email to all of our contributing panelists and source sites and see if any of them are on the take .
We 'll keep you posted as to the responses .
Please note that both Josh Gross and Jordan Breen are on our direct rankings panel and that we use Sherdog as one of our sources and formerly used the Independent World MMA Rankings that Zach Arnold contributes to until the USA TODAY print schedule began to conflict with the Independent Rankings schedule .
I should also note that we do n't do pound for pound rankings because I think they 're utterly irrelevant .
More importantly this interview reveals three very problematic things about the most powerful man in our sport :
Dana
White is so emotionally invested in the UFC having the best fighters that he can't rationally evaluate the standing of any fighter .
It 's also in his financial self - interest to downplay the rankings of free agents like Jake Shields .
This is related to # 1 , but Dana White has long been obsessed with Fedor Emelianenko and he continually sabotages his own chances of signing the man who is not only the best heavyweight in the sport today , but also the greatest MMA fighter in history .
Dana
White is a bully with a long record of intimidating fighters and reporters alike and he 's shown in the past that he 'll flagrantly lie to the press to push his agenda .
This is one of the most egregious examples yet of both bad acts .
So I 'd like to join Josh Gross and Zach Arnold in calling on Dana White to name names .
I 'd also like to call on those few favored reporters who do have access to Mr. White to ask him the question .
How 'bout it guys ?
UPDATE : I changed the headline after a third listen to Dana 's actual words .
He 's making a completely inexcusable and egregious unproven charge , but technically not lying .
My bad .
© The Telegraph
Airport body scanners emit radiation up to 20 times more powerful than previously thought , a scientist has warned .
Dr David Brenner , head of the centre for radiological research at Columbia University in New York , said Government scientists had not taken into account the concentration of the radiation on the skin .
He said it raised concerns about a potentially greater risk of cancer than previously realised .
Dr Brenner , who is from Liverpool , said children and passengers with genetic mutations - around one in 20 of the population - were most at risk because they are less able to repair X - ray damage to their cells .
He added that the danger posed to individual passengers was " very low " but said more research was required to more accurately determine the risks .
He said : " If all 800 million people who use airports every year were screened with X - rays then the very small individual risk multiplied by the large number of screened people might imply a potential public health or societal risk .
" The population risk has the potential to be significant .
" A spokesman for the Civil Aviation Authority said : " The device has been approved for use within the UK by the Department for Transport and has been subjected to risk assessments from the Health Protection Agency .
" Under current regulations , up to 5,000 scans per person per year can be conducted safely . "
Image caption Tensions remain very high over the sinking of a South Korean ship
North Korea is threatening to introduce a new nuclear deterrent because of US hostility , amid tensions over a sunken South Korean warship .
It also accused the US of taking weapons into Panmunjom , the truce village in the demilitarised zone .
The statements came hours after US President Barack Obama urged his Chinese counterpart to take a stronger stance on the warship issue .
Investigators say North Korea sank the warship with a torpedo on 26 March .
Forty - six sailors died when the South Korean ship , the Cheonan , split in two and went down near the disputed inter-Korean maritime border .
South Korea is seeking a UN Security Council response over the incident , for which North Korea denies all responsibility .
New bomb ?
The North Korean statement , carried by official news agency KCNA , did not give any details of how the communist country could bolster its nuclear capability .
" The recent disturbing development on the Korean peninsula underscores the need for ( North Korea ) to bolster its nuclear deterrent in a newly developed way to cope with the US persistent hostile policy toward ( the North ) and military threat toward it , " it quoted the foreign ministry as saying .
Image caption Both North and South Korean soldiers are present at Panmunjom
North Korea has carried out two nuclear tests .
It is thought to have both plutonium and uranium - based weapons programmes .
The BBC's John Sudworth , in Seoul , says the comments could also be meant as a hint that it is trying to build a hydrogen bomb , a massively more powerful weapon than the type it is already known to possess .
North Korea announced in May that it had successfully conducted a nuclear fusion reaction , the type used in a hydrogen bomb .
But that kind of breakthrough would require a major technological leap and many experts doubt whether North Korea has the facilities or the resources , our correspondent says .
In a second statement on Monday , North Korea accused the US of bringing weapons into Panmunjom , the truce village that lies in the demilitarised zone , on 26 June .
" Strong military counter - measures " would be taken if the weapons were not removed , the statement said .
US troops said that they were checking the report .
The two North Korean statements came as Mr Obama held what he called blunt talks with Chinese President Hu Jintao on the warship issue .
China 's stance is key to any unified Security Council response , because it holds a veto .
Beijing has in the past opposed strong measures against Pyongyang because it fears the collapse of its impoverished neighbour .
Mr Obama said that while he understood China 's position , there was " a difference between restraint and wilful blindness to consistent problems " .
This is an animation of Charles Vess 's art , turning Pencils into Paintings , with me saying the poem over it , to promote the book of INSTRUCTIONS we 've done .
And it is so beautiful .
I am really proud of the job that the Harper 's team did on this .
I want to make everyone watch it .
For those having RSS problems , or who cannot see an embedded video here , the direct YouTube link is at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWRvqO1MjIs .
You can also go to http://www.mousecircus.com/extras.aspx and click on it there .
And there are other goodies on that page too .
Labels : Charles Vess , happy posts , Instructions
Author Thread
DEFINITELY A FAVORITE OF MINE AS WELL LOVE IT XOX
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow , it totally looks like he's ' begging ' !
I pray you can see the humor of me quoting your comment .
A super -cute photo and the ball 's in your court ... I especially love ' shoehorns ' !
Photographer found comment helpful .
are you up there God ?
Nice !
-K
Photographer found comment helpful .
I see this is now # 3 on all time views at DPC .
Nice . :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
I 've put this on StumbleUpon the day it arrived in my mailbox and though it 's amazing that it has been stumble more than 120k ever since , it is no wonder as it's just one of the most cute animal pictures I ever saw .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Holy super amazing awesome , you win dude !
Anthony Pittarelli
Photographer found comment helpful .
Originally posted by jeger : Views since voting : 105800 :)
The Digg effect !!
Well done MAK .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Views since voting : 105800 :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is great picture !
Photographer found comment helpful .
how cute is this !
Congratulation !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Pwease wet me catch da biggast fishee evah
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow !!
check out the number of views on this shot !
Photographer found comment helpful .
LOL this is great ...
Congrats on yet another stunning pic and a ribbon :o )
Photographer found comment helpful .
Hah wicked shot mate , great title too :)
Gratz on the Blue
Photographer found comment helpful .
Image keeps popping up and captures same emotions everytime .
Just tooooo gooooood :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Outstanding !
Congrats on your ribbon .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Brilliant image , Marac !
Congrats on the win , so pleased for you .
Photographer found comment helpful .
That is so Otterly fantastic !
Yeah poor humour , but a great image !
Nothing beats capturing animals in the wild .
Even better , when strange posing occurs .
Great timing on the shot too !
Congratulations on the Blue !
Photographer found comment helpful .
this is absolutely going to my favorites , right now
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a great shot ... was this photo taken at a zoo ??
Photographer found comment helpful .
omg I love it , what a killer shot !
fave
Photographer found comment helpful .
this is nat geo material .
bit of some blown highs ... but the pose - perfect !
well done mak man .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great photo Marac , very well deserved .
Did you have Dr.Dolittle around to tell him to pose like that for you ?? ;-)
Photographer found comment helpful .
what a brilliant image
congrats
Photographer found comment helpful .
How did you get him to pose , enticed him with , food I bet .
Or threatened to eat his other / otter friends .
Poor thing he 's praying for you to not shoot him with your canon .
:-)
I shot 3 meerkats for the 3's challenge , then forgot to enter them last weekend .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Really nice photo , funny moment you captured !
Photographer found comment helpful .
it 's hilarious ! :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations on the blue , ... the clue is patience , ... no not for you ! ;)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations !
This is such a sweet capture .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations on a very deserving front page image m8 .
It 's a special capture .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very cool otter , indeed , and apparently a lucky one for you !
Nice shot and fabulous finish ; congrats , mate :-)
Photographer found comment helpful .
AWESOME SHOT .. CONGRATS !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Awesome - just love it !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Beautiful capture
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations for the blue Marac !
Photographer found comment helpful .
MAK , this is awesome .
Love it .
Congrats on the blue !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great capture
Photographer found comment helpful .
simply delicious !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great photo !
If I had voted this would have been high on my list .
Congratulations on your blue ribbon !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Ohmygosh !
That is AMAZING !
Not a shoehorn at all .
It 's perfect .
Congratulations on top honors for for your efforts :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Awwwww !
this is so pefect !!
lol
Photographer found comment helpful .
congrats on the blue .
Such an amazing photo .
darling !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
I 'm so pleased you took the blue .
This was by far my favourite shot of the challenge :-)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Huge Congrats on the BLUE !!!
Unbelievable pose .... LOL !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great capture he is so cute .
Congrats on your win !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great capture .
This is worthy of publishing in some wildlife media .
Photographer found comment helpful .
See ?
Cute does it again .
LOL Congrats , team mate !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Way to go !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on your well deserved ribbon ... Well done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
dude , this is priceless !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
What an amazing capture , MAK !
Congrats on the blue !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on the blue !!
Awesome shot !
( are n't otters wonderful ? )
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow great capture !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
He is so cute !
Great capture !
Congrats on a blue .
Photographer found comment helpful .
cute !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Awwwwwww .
So cute .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats , Marac , nice one .
Good it does n't count for DPL :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations .
Gorgeous shot .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Sweet !
Congrats , Marac !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This one makes me smile every time I look at it !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great Shot !
Photographer found comment helpful .
what a great moment ... excellent picture ... and one of my 10's ...
Photographer found comment helpful .
Funniest entry I 've seen in a while !
Congrats !
Photographer found comment helpful .
How darling .
Congrats !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Way to capture a really nice image , the pose really gives him / her personality .
Congrats on the blue !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on a great photo !
Just noticed that we got the same number of 1 , 2 , and 3 votes , but look at all those 10s you got !
Photographer found comment helpful .
love it totally
Photographer found comment helpful .
Blue Ribbon shoehorn !
What could be sweeter ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
Comments Made During the Challenge
and this is the answer to Waiting .
Congratulations .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wonderous .
Photographer found comment helpful .
That is great .
Way to tie it all together .
Well done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
good timing to catch this !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Awesome .
Super cute :-)
Have you seen the you tube video of the otters holding hands ?!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Haha :-)
Great catch .
Photographer found comment helpful .
lovely pose
Photographer found comment helpful .
cool picture , you must be waiting for this moment .
i will give you a high score here .
Photographer found comment helpful .
HOLY CRAP that 's funny !
Clear shot , too !
9
Photographer found comment helpful .
OMG ... this is just so great ... This is an amazing capture .
I cant stop looking at it .
He is definitely begging , please please please give it to me already ..... Love this shot , should ribbon .
10 with a fave .
Photographer found comment helpful .
hahaha love you creativity
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very funny capture .
The title is perfect .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Dear Lord , let there be fish ...
Adorable .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Haha - Cute
Photographer found comment helpful .
awwwwwwwwwww how adorable :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Ok .
Most of the titles in this challenge have been bugging me ... trying to make something fit .
In your case , the title made me LOL - for real ! :-)
The photo by itself is perfect for greeting card stock , etc ...
I hope you market this after the challenge - it's a wonderful photo that could be captioned so many ways .
Great job !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is a fun capture !
I think it fits the challenge well too ...
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great !
Photographer found comment helpful .
LoL thats great I like it
Photographer found comment helpful .
Cute very cute .
It needs to be sharper , but really nice
Photographer found comment helpful .
Human emotion shown in animals is always a winner , at least for the Humans .
Great shot , a bit OOF on face and hands .
Still a great " moment "
Photographer found comment helpful .
That is adorable , I love the color and the pose !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Whoa , amazing moment .
Great submission .
Photographer found comment helpful .
ok , , ok , , , exelent moment , , , , top 5 , , , 9
Photographer found comment helpful .
this is beyond cute ... the title should be " now I lay me down to sleep ... I pray ... "
Photographer found comment helpful .
I love it !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Oh my WORD !
LOL !
LOL !
( voting at a diff time )
Photographer found comment helpful .
should ribbon - great shot
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great detail !
Love the lighting , what a great capture ... :)
Wonderful !
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a exceptionele sweet photograph .
This photograph gets a 10 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow !!!
Thats definitely something i have never seen before !!
so funny .
Photographer found comment helpful .
great photo should be on a ribbon
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow , how long did it take for you to take this shot , it 's great .
Dercum 's disease is a long - term chronic pain illness , and as such should only be treated with a chronic pain drug , of which there are n't that many .
If you have tried " many " pain drugs , it 's likely some fool of a doctor has been giving you Acute pain drugs instead of a Chronic pain drug .
Acute drugs are those like Percocet or Vicodin that only last from 4 - 6 hours .
They are effective for spot pain in most people or for short term use , but not for control of constant chronic pain .
Chronic pain drugs are designed for those who need long term pain control - over 12 hours .
There are several , but really the 2 primary chronic pain drugs on the market that are the most effective forms of opiate therapy are Duragesic Transdermal patches , and OxyContin .
OxyContin is a timed - release version of Oxycodone , and it 's listed effectiveness is 12 hours , though over time as your tolerance increases that time will decrease to about half that .
Duragesic ( Fentanyl Transdermal Patch ) is the preferred chronic pain drug of choice for most long - term chronic pain patients , myself included .
I 've been using them for over 9 years now , and I used OxyContin prior to that .
Duragesic lasts from 48 - 72 hours depending on the patient and opiate tolerance level .
Duragesic is also commonly used by cancer patients , terminal or otherwise .
It is transdermal in nature - the patch is placed on the skin , and body heat regulates the drug transfer through the membrane next to the skin , where it is absorbed into the body .
If you tolerate opiates well , then you should have no problem using it .
Frankly I 'm surprised you 're not on it if you 're in that much chronic pain .
If you are not seeing a Pain Specialist specifically , that 's the first thing you need to do - regular doctors do not have the training for chronic pain patients , nor the will or training with how to effectively treat them with chronic pain drugs .
I 've seen example of idiot doctors who use Duragesic for Acute pain use , when it 's clearly marked only for chronic pain and opiate tolerant patients .
A generic form of the patches came out about 4 years ago , but those of us who have been using the brand - name patches had problems with their effectiveness .
If you have used Duragesic and did n't get enough relief from it , then it 's likely your opiate tolerance has become higher and your dosage needs to be adjusted .
The same goes for any acute drug you 've been taking .
Eventually , all opiate users will reach a ceiling at which point you no longer get any pain control from opiates , only increased side effects , but that 's a pretty high level for most people , myself included .
Some opiates are also different - Dilaudid , for example , does n't work on my very well at all .
Sometimes it takes the right combination to work .
All chronic pain patients who are on a formal Pain Management program ( which is where YOU should be ) usually have a primary and breakthrough pain drug - for me , Duragesic is the primary and Percocet is my breakthrough drug .
If you 're worried about addiction , do n't be - addiction is a mental problem .
That you will become dependent is a given - most opiate patients are , but over time it 's like taking aspirin - you do n't even notice it , and after a few months most of the side effects go away anyway .
I WISH I could get a buzz these days .
Well over 95 % of chronic pain patients handle their drugs well without any problems of addiction - any Doctor Who tries to frighten or BS you with that nonsense is just looking out for his / her own ass and not yours .
But make no mistake - long term chronic pain drugs / opiate therapy will affect your mental attitude at times , but not as much as the constant debilitating pain does .
Pain Management programs usually have some form of counseling involved , so be prepared for that .
Depression and Pain go hand in hand - anyone who says different has either never been in pain or does n't know what they 're talking about .
I will also tell you that mental focus is another good way to deal with your pain - believe it or not , for myself video games are a sanctioned form of therapy for me .
The mental focus required by some of the games I play keeps my mind off of the pain .
Serving as a Wiki Answers Supervisor is another example of how mental focus can help you deal with it .
Before my pain got to the level it did , I was a 1st Dan in Tang Soo Do Karate , and already had a pretty high pain tolerance level , and had worked for several years on building my mental ability to deal with pain .
With time and practice , anyone can learn how to do this - there are several good Martial Arts books on Ki and meditation techniques .
I do n't use them as often now as I probably should , but they are effective nonetheless .
It 's important that your family understand how your pain affects you mentally as well .
Many times when you just want to shut the world out they do n't understand , and may believe it's they who are At Fault .
Educating them in Pain Management is a part of your treatment as well .
My own family has supported me for years , but even today it 's still hard on them when I lose my focus and take it out on them , though I do n't mean to .
They have long learned to deal with it , though in reality after 28 years I do n't know why my wife still puts up with me .
I do know I made the right marriage choice though .
Go to the American Pain Foundation website at the link below , and learn more about formal Pain Management programs .
If you 're not in one then you should get rid of whoever your primary doctor is because he / she is n't doing you any favors .
I 've been in formal PM for over eleven years now , and much has changed over the years .
It 's much easier to find a good pain doctor , but only seek out one that is specifically trained as a pain specialist .
You are not alone - there are many people just like you who are in as much or worse pain .
Just remember that as bad as things get when you 're in pain , that someone , somewhere , is in a lot worse pain .
Remember too that it 's important to rid yourself of the notion that you doctor knows everything and has your best interests at heart .
There are only 3 doctors I trust , and they have earned that over many years .
Doctors are not perfect , and some are petty enough that they wo n't admit to you they do n't know how to treat you .
I learned many years ago that a doctor is just like any other service - if you got a bad haircut , would you go back to the same person ?
Of course not .
If you 're not getting the treatment that helps you , then get another doctor .
It 's important that you NEVER go in and ask for painkillers - they 'll automatically assume your a drug seeker , and having that tag is hard to get rid of .
Some Quack who was subbing for my regular doctor did that to me after 5 minutes , when in reality I had 3 severely herniated disks in my neck that needed removal .
I endured 3 weeks of agony because of that stupid bitch ( excuse my french ) , and nearly lost the use of my left arm because she was too ignorant to see that I had a real problem .
She was literally calling ahead to each doctor she sent me to and telling them I had no problem .
Naturally , my doctor was furious when she came back .
I have endured more bad doctors than good , have been permanently damaged by one , and nearly killed by a nurse who did n't know how to add properly and miscalculated the amount of morphine in my system after my second spinal operation ( I 've had 3 so far ) .
The only reason I 'm still here is that my family was there and saw I had stopped breathing .
The reason I tell you this is that we are brought up to put full trust in our doctors , but you just cannot do that anymore .
Always remember that the person who finishes last in his / her class in Medical School is called " Doctor " .
It is not easy to find a good doctor , especially a good pain doctor , but eventually you 'll find one .
The APF site has a resource locator to help you find a pain specialist in your area .
Something else you should do is to start using a Pain Diary to track your pain .
All Pain Management patients are usually required to use them when they first start - if you get going now , it will show whoever you see for your pain that you are sincere and have a real problem .
True pain cannot be faked , and neither can the data .
The data in the diary is physical evidence and a record of your pain , and they view it as such - without it , it 's just your word , and without any signs of physical damage to show where the pain might be coming from it 's hard to convince someone how bad your pain really is .
I suppose I 'm lucky in that my particular problems are pretty well documented and obvious .
You can get a copy of a pretty good Pain Diary package at the Partners Against Pain website ( link added below ) - click on the " Pain Documentation " link .
I was given a copy of their material for evaluation by my pain doctor years ago , and it has some pretty good stuff in it .
Learn how to use the Pain Diary and Pain Assessment forms - the may seem useless to you , and you 've probably had to do at least one or more before , but eventually a good record will come in handy when you need to state your case that your pain is real and chronic , and that you need proper therapy .
While I agree that no one should have to do that , for now that 's the world we live in .
Of course if some idiot succeeds in socializing medicine neither one of us will have to worry about it as we wo n't be considered worth treating anyway .
Again , you 're not alone and your pain can be controlled - you just need to find the right person to help you , as whoever has been treating you has n't been doing a very good job at all .
If you ever need any specific advice or questions on PM answered , feel free to put it on my Message Board and I 'll get back to you as soon as I can .
Nebraska 's in .
So where do the Cornhuskers fit ?
Big
Ten commissioner Jim Delany said there were three factors that would determine how the 12 - team conference breaks into two six - team divisions for the 2011 season .
He 's got people working on it .
Here 's a suggestion , following the three Delany factors : competitive balance , rivalries and geography .
Here 's my reasoning :
1. Competitive balance is the first factor , so split the four programs that have been clearly above the others over the last 25 years : Nebraska , Ohio State , Michigan and Penn State .
Since 1985 , all four programs rank among the top 10 in the nation in winning percentage :
* No. 2 Nebraska , 242-71 -1 , .772
* No. 6 Ohio State , 230-74-5 , .752
* No. 7 Michigan , 222-80 - 5 , .731
* No. 10 Penn State , 218- 86-1 , .716
Geographically , Ohio State , Michigan and Penn State would all fit into the Big Ten East , but putting three of the four premier programs on one side would tilt the scales , so it 's out .
Otherwise , competitive balance can be worked out any number of ways .
But it mandates this first rule
2 . Not all rivalries are created equal , so not all will be considered with the same weight .
Here are the five that are protected , with the rivals placed in the same division , in this scenario : Ohio State - Michigan , Michigan - Michigan State , Nebraska - Iowa , Purdue - Indiana and Northwestern - Illinois .
And Minnesota , which has rivalry games with Iowa , Wisconsin and Michigan , will have at least one of the games protected each year .
One other prime rivalry - Ohio State - Penn State - will give way to the competitive balance demands .
I 've gone back and forth on this , but if Ohio State and Michigan must play every year - and they do - then the smartest thing is to put them in the same division .
And Nebraska - Iowa , though not a rivalry , has to develop into the new version of Nebraska - Oklahoma , and it could .
So that must be protected .
3 . Now , geography .
Frankly , this takes a major back seat .
Penn State , in particular , is going to have an unnatural geographical division .
But with the other two rules followed , there 's not much wiggle room left .
Check out the musts :
* Ohio State - Michigan - Michigan State together
* Nebraska - Penn State together
* Nebraska - Iowa together
* Indiana - Purdue together
* Illinois - Northwestern together
So :
Division A
Ohio State - Michigan - Michigan State
Division B
Penn State - Nebraska - Iowa
Pairing 1
Illinois - Northwestern
Pairing 2
Purdue - Indiana
Wildcards
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Therefore , the only choices are :
Which pairing goes with which division ?
How do you split up Minnesota and Wisconsin ?
Here , geography comes in .
Indiana shares a border with Ohio , so the Boilermakers and Hoosiers go in the Buckeyes ' division .
Illinois shares border with Iowa , so the Illini and Wildcats go in the Hawkeyes ' division .
That leaves Minnesota and Wisconsin , with the Badgers obviously the more successful program .
* Over the last 25 years , the Badgers have the sixth - best winning percentage among conference teams and 40th - best in the nation .
In the last 10 years , the Badgers have the second - best winning percentage in the Big Ten .
* Over the last 25 years , the Golden Gophers have the ninth - best winning percentage among conference teams and rank 78th in the nation .
In the last 10 years , the Gophers are tied for eighth in the Big Ten .
So Minnesota - Wisconsin is the only real question .
Originally , I had Wisconsin in the Nebraska - Penn State - Iowa group , but that made that division too difficult .
That creates a scenario where Ohio State and Michigan , when the Wolverines are back , would lead a top - heavy division with Michigan State , Purdue , Indiana and Minnesota .
So I switched .
And , given the parameters spelled out by Delany , this is the way I think the Big Ten has to look in 2011 .
All we need now are names for the divisions .
Personally , I like Big Ten Black and Big Ten Blue .
Here are the schools , with their records over the past 10 years and their records over the past 25 years .
Big Ten Black
Ohio State , 102-25 ( .803 ) -- 230-74-5 ( .752 )
Michigan , 81-43 ( .653 ) -- 222-80-5 ( .731 )
Wisconsin , 86 - 43 ( .667 ) -- 170-129-4 ( .568 )
Michigan State , 60 - 62 ( .492 ) -- 153-141-4 ( .520 )
Purdue , 67 - 57 ( .540 ) -- 133-156-4 ( .461 )
Indiana , 39 - 78 ( .333 ) -- 118-167-3 ( .415 )
Totals 435-308 ( .585 ) -- 1026-747-25 ( .578 )
Big Ten Blue
Nebraska , 84 - 44 ( .656 ) -- 242-71-1 ( .772 )
Penn State , 77 - 46 ( .626 ) --218-86-1 ( .716 )
Iowa , 80 - 45 ( .640 ) -- 182-116-5 ( .609 )
Minnesota , 62 - 62 ( .500 ) -- 129-162-2 ( .444 )
Illinois , 45 - 73 ( .381 ) -- 124-162-5 ( .435 )
Northwestern , 61-61 ( .500 ) -- 116-172-3 ( .404 )
Totals 409-331 ( .553 ) -- 1011-769-17 ( .567 )
Digital channel Babestation Xtreme has announced what it claims is the worldwide premiere of adult 3D TV scheduled broadcasts .
The Freeview station will broadcast the movie 3D Sex Fantasies at midnight on Saturday , June 26 and promises a " new era " of live and pre-recorded content on its family of channels .
Director of programming Bob James said : " For our viewers who enjoy the lean - back experience of TV as well as those who want to interact with our bevy of babes , nothing can surpass the magic of 3D in its ability to bring our talent into the home .
" While our initial broadcasts will be in high quality anaglyph 3D , we will be fully compatible with active 3D technologies in the future . "
He added : " The combination of adult content and 3D will drive consumer adoption of 3D technologies in perhaps an even more dramatic fashion than adult content did with internet adoption .
" While the internet offered a more discrete and diverse platform for existing forms of content , 3D actually enhances the consumer 's relationship with the content making for a more personal experience . "
Philippe Gerard of film technology company 3 Dlized recently claimed that " when boobs pop out of the screen " in 3D cinema broadcasts of pornography " people reach out to touch them " .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Twilight is one of the most successful film franchises of all time ; an impressive feat considering it 's a supernatural teen romance .
Every movie in the saga pulled in over 50 million dollars on opening weekend , but the series 's success has n't stopped the actors from being vocal about how much they hated the films .
Seriously , the cast of Twilight hated the movies more than even the most outspoken of Internet trolls .
While the cast 's collective ire may shock fans , some negative sentiment is understandable .
After all , Twilight ’s fanbase felt very strongly about the characters , which caused the young actors to feel heavily scrutinized .
Worse than the nitpickers , however , are the members of the fanbase who worship the cast , a motley crew ranging from teens to older women .
The fans were n't the only things making everyone miserable .
Some actors also blamed the filming environment for what was in many ways an awful experience .
Filming in cold , dark , rainy weather is , understandably , not the most ideal of conditions .
It 's not uncommon to find members of the Twilight cast insulting the movies , and their takes on the beloved franchise range from amazing , to hilarious .
to unprofessional .
After you find out what the Twilight cast really thought of the films , you 'll have a hard time seeing the story as " romantic . "
Macro photography is also known as close - up photography .
Macro photography means that the image on film is approximately the same size as the subject .
It is a type of photography that reveals details which ca n’t be seen with the naked eye .
While we can see a fly on the wall , our eyes are not appointed to make out the fine details of the hairs on its face .
It gives us a glimpse into the world of the very small , which goes unnoticed as we hurriedly shuffle through our day .
In this showcase , I ’ve collected some beautiful macro photos .
Eye of a Tokay Gecko
DragonFly
An insect
Cold Miner
Soul Dance
Ant
Butterfly
Stapelia leendertziae flower
Hover
Hover Fly
Gear
Beauty of Rust
Fred Eye
Immensity
Chilades pandava
Insect
Unidentified Insect
Insect On Wood
Insects With Attitude
Spotted Cucumber Beetle
Insect Macro
Cricket Macro
Frogâ€™s eye
Water lily
Another vision
Igor Siwanowicz
Crane Fly
Under a microscope
Spider
White Spider
House fly
Red Veined Darter
Related Posts
Famed physicist Stephen Hawking set off chatter in the scientific community in late April when he posited the existence of intelligent aliens on his new TV series , “ Into the Universe with Stephen Hawking ” — adding that it would be best for human beings to avoid contact with them .
Hawking speculated that such aliens would likely be nomads , living in ships after sucking their own planet dry of resources , and hopping from one interstellar refueling station to the next .
Earth , he said , should n’t do anything to encourage their visit .
“ If aliens ever visit us , I think the outcome would be much as when Christopher Columbus first landed in America , which did n’t turn out very well for the Native Americans , ” he said .
Hawking has made such statements for years — in a 1996 essay , for example , he said humans should be “ wary of answering [ aliens ] ” until our species has become more sophisticated .
Though most of the show focused on what alien life — even very primitive alien life — might look like , it was the comment on alien invasion that captured public attention .
The Journal of Cosmology compiled responses from a dozen scientists and has published them online .
Some criticized Hawking ’s use of human behavior to predict what aliens would do , but others said that human behavior was a reasonable yardstick .
Few , however , questioned the premise of Hawking ’s statements — that alien life forms probably exist and we are likely someday to encounter them .
You can read the commentaries at journalofcosmology.com /Aliens100.html .
Here ’s some what the scientists had to say .
Blair Csuti , a biologist at Oregon State University , defended Hawking ’s trepidation , arguing that the principles of evolution would have shaped those beings just as they did life on Earth , selecting for self - preserving behavior .
“ Aliens visiting newly discovered planets , like Earth , would place their own interests above those of unsophisticated indigenous residents . ”
Robert Ehrlich , a physicist at George Mason University agreed , further imagining that the aliens would be “ adaptable robots whose mental processes reflect those of their senders . ”
Others , like Chandra Wickramasinghe of Cardiff University in the United Kingdom and B.G. Sidharth at the B.M. Birla Science Centre in India , took a more low - tech view of alien invasions .
They argued that the threat would come not from green people with fancy tasers , but pathogenic microbes that could infect life on Earth .
“ When Columbus was followed by the Spanish conquistadors , it was not advanced weaponry which destroyed the native civilizations , but disease , ” Sidharth wrote .
Randy D. Allen , a biologist at Oklahoma State University , argued that a smart - enough species could develop a quantum computer and eventually transfer their consciousnesses into it .
“ No more inefficient metabolism requiring huge energy input , no chemically derived bodies to wear out , no reproduction , no death , no taxes .
Just supermassively parallel collective consciousness with unlimited capabilities , ” he wrote .
“ Perhaps , through super symmetry or entanglement , they can “ see ” or “ feel ” the entire universe .
Maybe , they ’ve gained the ability to manipulate elementary particles and can control its evolution and its fate .
They would have become , by any human definition , Gods . ”
GianCarlo Ghirardi , a physicist at the University of Trieste in Italy , questioned why intelligent aliens should have any negative intentions toward earthlings at all .
“ If Hawking ’s aliens are anything like humans , then I am optimistic , in a certain sense , that their scientific development should be accompanied also by an ethical development , and [ they ] might value life , ” he wrote .
Stephen Freeland , an astrobiologist at the University of Hawaii , did n’t spend his time wondering whether invading aliens would be antagonistic or not .
Instead , he blasted Hawking for speaking out of turn .
“ Scientific knowledge is quite different from the authoritatively - voiced opinions of a famous scientist , ” he wrote , adding that the annual Astrobiology Science Conference ran the same week as Hawking ’s TV program .
“ I doubt that any of [ the astrobiologists ] will be opining about the origin and early evolution of the universe as if professor Hawking ’s field of science did not exist , ” he said .
The most whimsical reaction was also the shortest — a limerick , courtesy of biologist John Menninger of the University of Iowa :
Aliens , as perceived by Hawking
Could soon visit Earth for some gawking .
They might do good , but Oy ! ,
They might wish to destroy !
We ’ll more likely be bored by their talking . ”
amina.khan@latimes.com
Indian Spectacled Cobra .
Image credit : Wikipedia .
Most venomous snakes are legendary for their lethal bites , but not all .
Some spit defensively .
Bruce Young , from the University of Massachusetts Lowell , explains that some cobras defend themselves by spraying debilitating venom into the eyes of an aggressor .
Getting the chance to work with spitting cobras in South Africa , Young took the opportunity to record the venom spray tracks aimed at his eyes .
Protected by a sheet of Perspex , Young caught the trails of venom and two things struck him : how accurately the snakes aimed and that each track was unique .
This puzzled Young .
For a start the cobra 's fangs are fixed and they can't change the size of the venom orifice , ' so basic fluid dynamics would lead you to think that the pattern of the fluid should be fixed , ' explains Young .
But Young had also noticed that the snakes ' wiggled ' their heads just before letting fly .
' The question became how do we reconcile those two things , ' says Young , who publishes his discovery that the snakes initially track their victim 's movement and then switch to predicting where the victim is going to be 200ms in the future in the Journal of Experimental Biology on 14 May 2010 .
Young remembers that Guido Westhoff had also noticed the spitting cobra's ' head wiggle ' , so he and his research assistant , Melissa Boetig , travelled to Horst Bleckmann 's lab in the University of Bonn , Germany , to find out how spitting cobras fine - tune their venom spray .
The team had to find out how a target provokes a cobra to spit , and Young was the man for that job , ' I just put on the goggles and the cobras start spitting all over , ' laughs Young .
Wearing a visor fitted with accelerometers to track his own head movements while Boetig and Westhoff filmed the cobra 's movements at 500 frames / s , Young stood in front of the animals and taunted them by weaving his head about .
Over a period of 6 weeks , the team filmed over 100 spits before trying to discover why Young was so successful at provoking the snakes .
Analysing Young 's movements , only one thing stood out ; 200 ms before the snake spat , Young suddenly jerked his head .
The team realised that Young 's head jerk was the spitting trigger .
They reasoned that the snake must be tracking Young 's movements right up to the instant that he jerked his head and that it took a further 200 ms for the snake to react and fire off the venom .
But Young was still moving after triggering the snake into spitting and the snake can't steer the stream of venom , so how was the cobra able to successfully hit Young 's eyes if it was aiming at a point where the target had been 200 ms previously ?
Realigning the data to the instant when Young jerked his head , the team compared all of the snakes ' head movements and noticed that the cobras were all moving in a similar way .
They accelerated their heads in the same direction that Young 's eyes were moving .
' Not only does it speed up but it predicts where I am going to be and then it patterns its venom in that area , ' explains Young .
So spitting cobras defend themselves by initially tracking an aggressor 's movements .
However , at the instant that an attacker triggers the cobra into spitting , the reptile switches to predicting where the attacker 's eyes will be 200 ms in the future and aims there to be sure that it hits its target .
More information : Westhoff , G. , Boetig , M. , Bleckmann , H. and Young , B. A. ( 2010 ) .
Target tracking during venom ' spitting ' by cobras .
J. Exp. Biol .
213 , 1797 -1802 .
Westhoff , G. , Boetig , M. , Bleckmann , H. and Young , B. A. ( 2010 ) .
Target tracking during venom ' spitting ' by cobras .
J. Exp. Biol .
213 , 1797-1802 . jeb.biologists.org
T he Harvard Lampoon 's weak " prank " of inviting Paris Hilton to speak on campus was a clumsy coda to far more clever Lampoon stunts of yore .
Take Conan O'Brien 's 1984 shenanigans involving Robin from TV's " Batman and Robin " and a ruthless kidnapping .
Two Harvard Freshmen , Jess Bravin ( now at the Wall Street Journal ) and Peter Sagal ( now at NPR ) , had convinced the actor who played Robin , Burt Ward , to speak on campus .
The invitation was something of a lark , to see if the administration could be convinced to treat an icon of frivolous pop culture as a serious academic .
O'Brien was not involved with the invitation , but was president of the Lampoon , and devised a scheme to interfere .
Ward faced a lecture hall " jammed " with 250 students , the Boston Globe reported at the time , and he brought his costume , attached to a mannequin .
O'Brien approached him before the speech .
Here 's how he described the conversation in 1998 to Playboy :
We went dressed as security guards .
I said , " Mr. Ward , I 've been sent by the dean to safeguard the costume . "
As if it were the Shroud of Turin .
But the guy is humorless .
" Yes , very good .
That costume is very valuable , " he says .
Midway through the speech , O'Brien and the rest of the Lampoon crew cut the lights .
Bravin described the theft :
They burst into the lecture Burt was giving and a huge fat guy dressed as the Penguin said in a heavy Boston accent , " Mistah Wahwd , when is a
secyoo - it - ee gahd not a secyoo - it - ee gahd ? "
Then the student security guards , who I had thought were somewhat suspicious , grabbed the mannequin with Burt 's costume and ran out the hallway .
Peter tackled them outside the lecture hall , but they outnumbered him and got away with it .
Bravin handled " hostage negotiations " with O'Brien the next day , which ultimately proved successful , but not before O'Brien had his fun with the aging star .
ferrari theme park
the world ’s first ferrari theme park – ferrari world abu dhabi is set to open in october 2010 .
announced as ‘ an intense multi-sensory experience and a must - visit for enthusiasts , fans and families ‘.
the park pays tribute to the passion , excellence , performance , technical innovation that ferrari has established over the years and represents today .
its iconic sleek red roof is directly influenced by the classic double curve side profile of the ferrari gt body , spanning 200,000 m2 and carrying the largest ferrari logo ever created .
ferrari world abu dhabi will host a number of attractions , including rides for children of all ages , providing the complete ferrari experience : over 20 state - of - the - art attractions , each designed to bring to life a different part of the ferrari story , including the world ’s fastest rollercoaster , travelling at speeds exceeding 200 km/h and emulating the thrilling sensation of being in a ferrari f1 car , or the g - force experience taking passengers on an adrenaline - pumping ride up over 62 m , through the roof and back down again .
the park is located on yas island – set to become a global tourist destination with a wide range of accommodation and entertainment facilities – on the north east side of abu dhabi ’s mainland .
abu dhabi , at the crossroads between europe , asia and africa , was chosen as the ideal location to build the ferrari theme park , motor sports being extremely popular in the united arab emirates .
ferrari world abu dhabi will offer a unique and intensely fun way , together with a wide variety of italian delicacies , and of course unique shopping experiences .
construction of ferrari world abu dhabi
aerial view of the park
construction
view of the roof
view of the roof from a distance
the park is adjacent to the yas marina circuit and yas hotel designed by asymptote architecture
the grand prix race track
construction
the exterior of the theme park
the centre of the theme park
detail of the cone structure
the adjacent race track
the rollercoaster
one of the cars of the rollercoaster
rendering of the rollercoaster
unveiling of the gt formula rossa rollercoaster
l to r : fernando alonso , stefano domenicali , felipe massa
the crew in the gt formula rossa rollercoaster
the park is owned by aldar properties pjsc , abu dhabi ’s leading property development , management and investment company .
farah leisure parks management l.l.c , a joint venture between aldar properties pjsc and profun management group inc. ( international leisure facilities management and operating company ) will be responsible for managing and operating ferrari world abu dhabi .
The largest gold coin in the world has been sold for $ 4 m ( £ 2.6 m ) at an auction in Vienna .
The Maple Leaf coin measures 53 cm ( 21 in ) in diameter , weighs 100kg ( 200 lb ) and is listed in the Guinness Book of Records .
The coin was bought by a Spanish precious metal company on Friday , the auction house Dorotheum said .
The auction had been ordered by the administrator of an Austrian investment group that had gone bankrupt .
The group , AvW Invest , had bought the coin in 2007 .
It is one of only five Canadian Maple Leaf coins that carry a face value of almost $ 1 m ( £ 660,000 ) and bears the image of Queen Elizabeth II .
It was sold for far more than its face value because of the current high price of gold on the world market , the auction house said .
One of my great joys this semester was a course on modern and contemporary Jewish - American literature .
It gave me a taste of so many writers and literature from our history , whose names are slowly being forgotten outside academia .
One of the writers I really loved was Kadya Molodowsky , ( 1894-1975 ) .
Born in a shtetl in White Russia , Molodowsky grew up in an educated family as one of four children .
Her father taught Hebrew and Gemara to boys in a heder , but was also a passionate follower of the Enlightenment and early Zionism .
Her mother ran a dry - goods shop and later opened a factory that distilled a lightly alcohol beverage made from fermented cereal .
Molodowsky ’s grandmother taught her how to read Yiddish .
Her father taught her Bible and also hired Russian tutors to teach her secular subjects .
Such an education , especially instruction in Hebrew , was not typical for a girl of her time and place , explains Jewish American Literature : a Norton Anthology .
Molodowsky married and emigrated to the US in 1935 , settling in New York City .
She published widely in multiple genres , including children ’s poems , adult poems , novels and columns .
In 1950 , she moved with her husband to live in Tel Aviv , where , in 1971 , she was awarded the most prestigious award in the world of Yiddish letters , the Itzik Manger Prize .
In particular her writings reflect a deep awareness and compassion for the poverty she witnessed among immigrant Jews in New York .
After her husband died , Molodowsky ’s health began to decline and she became incapacitated .
Her sister , niece and nephew moved her to a nursing home near Philadelphia , where she died in March 1975 .
It ’s easy to learn more about this interesting writer .
A research article has been written about Molodowsky and her work , which you can view here .
A collection of her poems can also be viewed on GoogleBooks here .
One of Molodowsky ’s most famous poems is called “ God of Mercy . ”
What do you think of it ?
I ’d love to hear your reactions .
God of Mercy
O God of Mercy
Choose –
another people .
We are tired of death , tired of corpses ,
We have no more prayers .
Choose –
another people .
We have run out of blood
For victims ,
Our houses have been turned into desert ,
The earth lacks space for tombstones ,
There are no more lamentations
Nor songs of woe
In the ancient texts .
God of Mercy
Sanctify another land ,
Another Sinai .
We have covered every field and stone
With ashes and holiness .
With our crones
With our young
With our infants
We have paid for each letter in your Commandments .
God of Mercy
Lift up your fiery brow ,
Look on the peoples of the world ,
Let them have the prophecies and Holy Days
Who mumble your words in every tongue .
Teach them the Deeds
And the ways of temptation .
God of Mercy
To us give rough clothing
Of shepherds who tend sheep
Of blacksmiths at the hammer
Of washerwomen , cattle slaughterers
And lower still .
And O God of Mercy
Grant us one more blessing –
Take back the divine glory of our genius .
Rockstar has announced a delay to Red Dead Redemption 2 , so here 's the mandatory ' boo ! ' .
Now we 've got that out of the way , Rockstar has quelled our pouting somewhat by releasing a bunch of new Red Dead Redemption 2 screens to help placate sad fans .
Screens that might have some information .
Possibly .
Regardless of whether they do or not , people have still been investigating every image for clues and it looks like a few things have popped out that have shed some light on what we can expect from the cowboy RPG sequel .
This might be Red Dead Redemption 2's main hero
This post makes a pretty strong argument that we might have a main character already .
Mind you , he 's possibly not the the only character as we did see a group of them riding around in the trailer , but he sure seems to be the most prominently - featured cowboy so far .
There 's a lot of talk about his build - he 's a powerful - looking man , so there 's some discussion that he could be Dutch van der Linde , the leader of Marston 's gang in the last game .
It 's pretty thin , though .
The only evidence seems to be that he 's a bit stocky , and there 's a ring in another image that has a vaguely ' D ' shaped symbol .
It looks like you can dual wield different weapons
Whoever this guy is , a lot of people have noticed that he 's holding two different guns .
That suggests we might be able to dual - wield different weapons , like in Max Payne 3 .
It 's hard to tell what the guns are but the suggestions are a Colt SAA and a Smith and Wesson Model 3 .
They both deal a hell of a lot of damage , and I bet this burly chap is just as likely to smack you over the head with them as he is to pull the trigger .
We 're probably looking at a late 1800 's setting
The Colt SAA and a Smith and Wesson Model 3 from above were mostly used between 1873 to 1892 , and 1869 to 1915 .
The telegraph poles and the possibility that the lamps in the trailer are electric rather than gas would also point to a turn - of - the - century setting , maybe continuing on from ( or around the same time as ) , the previous game 's ending .
The trees might suggest at least one Red Dead Redemption 2 location
Lot 's of people have noticed the size of the trees .
I think the overall opinion is ' really f-ing big . '
But what are they ?
Rockstar has previously mentioned the game would be " an epic tale of life in America 's unforgiving heartland . "
That 's relevant because if these are redwoods , as many people have suggested , that would be more towards a California / West Coast direction , which is n't really the ' heartlands ' .
Of course , give the scale of the game , this could only be one area you visit .
Could Red Dead Redemption 2 visit Blackwater again ?
In the top left of this screen you can just make out the letters ' B ... L... C...' which is obviously part of the way to spelling out Blackwater , a prominent location from the previous game .
If that 's the case it might well be an earlier period seeing as we previously saw Blackwater in a far more advanced and developed state .
What do the rings mean , though ?
This is the screen I really want to see broken down .
Those rings are very precise symbols - the top looks like a train or a gothic ' B ' .
If it 's a ' B ' and that 's a woman , might it be Bonnie MacFarlane from RDR ?
Or if it 's a man , Bill Williamson ?
The second ring is some sort of face .
Maybe a lion with rubies for eyes ?
Those glittering red gems surely mean that whoever 's decked out in this much jewellery is affluent to say the least , so we could be looking at a businesswoman or a socialite .
Whatever these rings mean , they 're very prominent so must surely mean something .
Those hands and sleeve also look too feminine for the big guy in the shots .
There was a lot of speculation that the cowboy on the far right below ( first seen in the reveal trailer ) , was a woman .
Might that be her ?
She could be living a double life - a person of considerable reputation during the day , and then masked cowboy when the fancy takes her .
How intriguing .
While we wait to see what else anyone might discover , take a look at everything we definitely know about Red Dead Redemption 2 .
Mexican pinatas are the latest item from south of the border on the list of things not allowed in Arizona -- at least when they 're made to look like licensed Disney characters .
This is n't exactly a case of asking Mickey Mouse for his " papers , please " --
Disney characters fall under intellectual property , the rights to which are owned , of course , by The Walt Disney Company .
Border agents near the Douglas port of entry seized 108 Disney - esque pinatas on their way over the border on Friday .
The pinatas were found in a tractor - trailer truck loaded with papier - mache products from Mexico on their way to Thornton , Colorado .
Border agents , probably in search of drugs , thought the pinatas seemed a bit out of place , but a search of the pinatas and the rig turned up no drugs .
The pinatas , however , were seized for violating intellectual - property laws .
In a statement , assistant port Director Eli Villareal says protecting intellectual property laws " is a vital element in national security . "
Al Qaeda , drug cartels , illegal immigration , and now bootleg pinatas are threatening our national security .
We 're doomed .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Friday 21 May 2010
This story referred to " Labour 's attempts to privatise the postal operator " .
The Labour government 's plan was for part - privatisation : it aimed to inject private capital up to a 49 % stake .
The government is preparing for another potentially explosive confrontation with the postal unions by attempting to privatise Royal Mail , the Guardian has learned .
Vince Cable , the business secretary , is determined to press ahead with a restructuring of the group , which could embroil the government in a dispute with the Communication Workers Union .
Cable has asked Ed Davey , his fellow Liberal Democrat and junior minister at the business department , to prepare the plan in detail .
It is understood that the plan will be unveiled by David Cameron and Nick Clegg today as part of the full coalition agreement .
Royal Mail is expected to post a fall in annual profits as a result of last year 's strikes .
Cable believes that while Royal Mail remains in state ownership it cannot compete in a liberalised postal market .
Ministers are also anxious about Royal Mail 's pension deficit , expected to be formally revalued at £ 10 bn next month .
Cable is mindful that Labour 's attempts to privatise the postal operator , led by his predecessor Lord Mandelson , failed last summer following a backbench revolt by more than 120 Labour MPs and a campaign by the CWU .
Unions and other campaigners argue that Royal Mail , as a provider of an essential public service , should remain in state ownership .
The Lib Dem election manifesto said they would sell 49 % of Royal Mail to free up funds for investment in the business .
Employees would own half of the remainder in a trust and the government would keep the rest .
It is thought the Lib Dems believe that such an employee trust would help smooth the way for the privatisation , although the CWU is likely to oppose this .
The Conservatives had advocated a straightforward sell - off of Royal Mail .
Work has begun to find common ground between the two approaches and the details will emerge over the next few months .
The company made an operating profit of £ 184 m in the first six months of the year , up slightly on the previous year .
But the industrial dispute over Royal Mail 's modernisation which led to national walkouts last autumn , dented profits in the second half .
The last three months of the financial year , which ends in March , saw an improvement in performance after the CWU and management agreed to work together to modernise the business .
The CWU has argued in the past that the government has talked down Royal Mail 's financial prospects in order to justify its argument that it needs private sector capital and management to turn it round .
Royal Mail 's bosses have also been bullish about the prospects for its parcel delivery business to offset the structural decline in its letters business .
But politicians and Royal Mail are aware of the pressing need to put the group on a stable footing .
Next month , its pension trustees must present a " recovery plan " to the government demonstrating how the deficit can be plugged .
Royal Mail cannot afford to fill the gap although the pension trustees may propose a temporary solution .
The government is likely to offer to meet workers ' retirement benefits if privatisation goes ahead , as Mandelson did last year .
A majority of Tory and Lib Dem MPs back some form of privatisation , cancelling out any potential Labour opposition .
But this fresh attempt will also revive last year 's auction process to find a buyer which was far from straightforward .
When Mandelson shelved the auction last summer and , with it , the privatisation process , he blamed the failure of bidders to make a decent offer rather than the Labour backbench rebellion .
But bidders , such as Dutch postal group TNT , were put off by the likely industrial relations dispute they would face as potential part - owners .
Meanwhile David Cameron and Nick Clegg will describe the coalition agreement tomorrow as a " historic document " as two parties come together for the first time in more than half a century to agree a joint programme for government .
But at the joint launch of the document they will warn of tough decisions ahead as the coalition makes measures to reduce Britain 's record £ 163 bn deficit its biggest priority .
" Difficult decisions will have to be taken in the months and years ahead ; but we will ensure fairness is at the heart of those decisions so that all those most in need are protected , " the prime minister and his deputy write in the foreword to the 30 - page coalition agreement .
" Working together , we are confident that we can take the country through difficult times to better days ahead . "
The document , modelled on the programmes for government agreed between the various coalition parties that have governed Germany for decades , is broken down into 32 separate sections .
The two party leaders gave a taste of their different styles of leadership yesterday as they consulted their parties .
Clegg and his fellow Lib Dem ministers presented the document to a meeting of their parliamentary party last night where MPs and peers were taken through the document page by page .
Cameron used a meeting of the Tory parliamentary party to announce an immediate ballot to limit the power of backbench Tory MPs .
In a move condemned by right wingers , who said Cameron was behaving like a North Korean leader , Tory MPs were asked to approve a change that will allow ministers to attend meetings of the backbench 1922 committee .
This was a source of trouble for John Major when he had a wafer thin majority between 1992 - 97 .
The full coalition agreement today follows the publication last week of a smaller seven - page document .
Tories and Lib Dems said that last week 's agreement , which covered the deficit and taxation , was designed to tackle the more difficult issues .
They said the full agreement would cover the less contentious areas .
The Tories are pleased that two main planks of their manifesto – welfare and schools reform – have survived largely intact .
Private and voluntary groups will be given a greater in placing the long term unemployed back into work on a payment by results basis .
Royal Mail is still searching for a new chief executive after Adam Crozier left to run ITV last month .
The group , which has appointed headhunting firm Egon Zehnder to lead the search , did not expect to select a new chief executive until the outcome of the general election – and the new government 's plans for Royal Mail – became known .
It is being run by chairman Donald Brydon in the interim .
I received an e-mail earlier today from Allen St. Pierre , the Executive Director of NORML , which asked me to donate to the NORML PAC , as well as candidates that they support .
I received a similar e-mail about a month ago asking for the same thing .
I quickly e-mailed back and asked for a list of those candidates , at which point I was told that a summer intern will be compiling such a list .
I posted a great article yesterday that gave a list of marijuana friendly candidates in California ( the list was compiled by the Drug Policy Forum of California ) .
I am personally working on a list for Oregon and Colorado , and will post them asap .
An EXTREMELY important part of being a marijuana consumer is trying to affect the political process .
Most consumers that I know try to use the excuse of ‘ I just do n’t know who to vote for ’ all the time .
QUIT USING THAT EXCUSE AND DO SOME RESEARCH !
People are very quick to complain about marijuana policy in America , yet are nowhere to be found on Election Day .
Why is that ?
Luckily , there are great people like NORML and the Drug Policy Forum of California that are compiling lists to make it easier on all of us .
So far , NORML has contributed the following amounts to the following candidates :
NORML 2010 Contributions to Political Candidates : $ 2,000
Sam Farr ( D - CA ) – $ 500
Jerrold Nadler ( D - NY ) – $ 500
Maurice Hinchey ( D - NY ) – $ 500
Barney Frank ( D - MA ) – $ 500
I gotta be honest ; these numbers are really sad .
Considering the fact that most federal elections cost millions of dollars , $ 500 is a drop in the bucket .
How much attention is Barney Frank going to dedicate to marijuana policy at that campaign contribution rate ?
Not much !
Something that I would like to see is more targeted campaign contributions .
I took A LOT of poly sci courses in college , and one thing that I know for sure , is that affecting the top of the political pyramid is extremely difficult , if not impossible , at $ 500 per candidate .
If I was a marijuana PAC ( political action committee ) , I would start out by targeting states that are at the forefront of marijuana reform and have initiatives on the ballot , ie California , Oregon , Arizona , South Dakota , etc .
Think about it ; the $ 1500 that went to Massachusetts and New York could have gone to South Dakota to support their medical marijuana initiative , or Arizona to support theirs .
Or if the money was going to a candidate , why not support Stan Garnett as AG for Colorado ?
$ 1500 in a smaller campaign like those I mentioned would get a lot more leverage then going after a federal senator that has done virtually nothing to help the movement .
Better yet , why is n’t NORML running its own candidates ?
Rather than trying to lobby and curry favor with politicians who probably do n’t give a sh#t , and just offer empty promises and take money , why not have someone run from NORML on a third party ticket ?
I personally know many Green Party activists in Oregon , and every one of them would LOVE to support a marijuana friendly candidate .
The Greens already have ballot access in several states , why not link up and put out some candidates at the state level ( state rep , state senate , etc ) ?
I hope it does n’t sound like I ’m railing against NORML ; I ’m merely putting some ideas out there .
In almost every successful political movement in American history , the movement undergoes the following evolution :
1. People share a common interest and band together to increase awareness .
2 . They eventually organize and start to affect the political process by encouraging votes in favor of their issue .
3 . Fed up with the lack of help from the politicians they voted for , some of these same people then decide to just take matters into their own hands and run for office .
Will that ever happen with the marijuana movement ?
Only time will tell .
I will ask this question though — NORML has been trying for DECADES to get politicians to support marijuana reform , and how far has it got us ?
In some states , you can still go to jail for failing a drug test because they treat it the same as possession …
I think if there was a candidate in every state that ran on a pro-marijuana platform , things like that would not happen – anywhere .
I will keep compiling my list of candidates , and expect that others will do the same .
I just hope that if marijuana consumers endorse a candidate , at any level , that those candidates will make good on their promises .
If not , marijuana consumers need to stand up , band together , and show those same politicians that we are a valuable voting bloc , and ignoring us will result in them getting voted out of office … preferably replaced by one of OUR candidates !
Trust that I will post marijuana friendly candidates as I receive them .
Until then , STAY TUNED AND STAY ACTIVE !
Trent Reznor has returned in bloody , fiery form with " The Space in Between " , the first video from How to Destroy Angels , his new collaboration with his wife , former West Indian Girl frontwoman Mariqueen Maandig .
Watch it below or over at Pitchfork.tv .
" The Space in Between " and first single " A Drowning " will be on How to Destroy Angels ' self - titled EP , due out this summer .
Product Demonstration
... the iPad Steering Wheel Mount is the " must - have " iPad accessory for anyone who spends significant time behind the wheel of an automobile .
-- Stanley Milgram
The Apple iPad is the ideal automotive communications and entertainment device .
The iPad is sized perfectly to mount using the iPad Steering Wheel Mount without obscuring the driver 's view .
The driver can shift their gaze between the iPad and the road ahead with almost no eye movement .
With its large display and easy - to - navigate user interface , the iPad can be used with minimal driver distraction .
An iPad mounted on a steering wheel is far less distracting than trying to use a cell phone to read or send a text message while driving .
" I almost did n't show up one day , " Angelina says , resting her wrists on my shoulders .
" I panicked . "
" If you had n't showed up I would have been so disappointed , " I say .
" I would have called , " she says .
" That would n't have helped . "
Tristan sits while we dance .
I wonder if he is not some mirror for me ; if he were n't real I would create him .
I like Tristan .
I have a magazine in my bag and want to offer it to him , but it 's too dark to read .
I wonder how much of his life he spends watching Angelina dance , her jacket next to him , her cigarettes in his pocket .
I ask myself if I could do what he 's doing , if I could sit for hours and watch Angelina dance with other people .
The first answer that comes to mind is no .
But the second answer is yes .
Yes , if she was n't going home to her husband .
If she was going home with me .
If we were going to sleep together , to lie next to each other in my bed .
If she was going home with me I could wait all night .
But she is n't .
In fact , most of my problems have nothing to do with Angelina 's marriage .
They spring instead from the insecurities of new love .
Not long ago Angelina came to my apartment .
She was late and I looked from my window and saw a black car pause and then continue down the street .
I thought it was hers and went downstairs thinking she could n't find parking and would come back around and I would get in and we would drive together .
But the car never returned and I began to crack .
It was unbearably hot , and bright enough to see all the broken glass , dirt and old paint stains on the curb .
By the time an hour had passed my face was burning .
And then she arrived , wearing a patterned summer skirt and a spaghetti- strap top , carrying a heavy bag .
I laughed taking the bag from her .
" I thought I saw your car , " I kept saying .
But she 'd just been stuck in traffic .
She kept stroking my head saying , " You poor baby . "
I was inches away from crying .
I pushed my face into her collar , gripped her tightly .
Inside the club we sit apart from Tristan .
He does n't know where we are but we 're only 10 feet away .
The club is full and people climb around us , hiding their jackets below our bench and their sweaters on the ledge above .
We 're cushioned and surrounded by their clothing .
Angelina and I are exhausted from dancing .
Our shirts are soaked .
One time she said to me : " I have n't placed any limits on you .
You place limits on yourself . "
And to help I 've been reading a book about polyamory .
The book recommends that you own your decisions .
No one can make you do anything .
The important thing is not to get in a cycle of blame , the book says , but rather to inform your partner of your feelings .
Most relationships are doomed anyway ; it 's their nature .
A deadly assassin stalks the back alleys of the Mushroom Kingdom , as Exploding Rabbit adds a new challenger to popular Flash game mash - up Super Mario Bros .
Crossover .
Those poor Goombas will never see it coming .
Advertisement
During a recent interview , Crossover creator Jay Pavlina explained that several characters had to be cut from the game 's initial release , including Luigi , the SOPHIA battle tank from Blaster Master , and Ryu Hayabusa from Ninja Gaiden .
Advertisement
Now we can mark Ryu off that list .
Yes , the original ninja in all his spinning , wall - clinging glory will be showing up in the 1.1 update to Super Mario Bros .
Crossover , and if the video is any indications , he 'll be tearing the Mushroom Kingdom a new one .
Just look at him .
He 's completely unbalanced , and it 's wonderful .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Now I just feel bad for Dueling Analogs ' Steve Napierski , who 'll have to go back to the drawing board to add Ryu to his Super Mario Bros .
Crossover box art .
It 's okay Steve , we 'll just pretend he 's hiding .
Advertisement
Super Mario Bros. Crossover – Ryu Hayabusa Trailer [ Exploding Rabbit - thanks Ami ! ]
Plant roots enmeshed in layers of discarded materials inside upright pipes can purify dirty water from a washing machine , making it fit for growing vegetables and flushing toilets , according to Penn State horticulturists .
" Our global fresh water supplies are fast depleting , " said Robert D. Cameron , doctoral student in horticulture .
" So it is critical that we begin to look at alternatives on how we can take wastewater and turn it into a resource . "
Cameron and Robert D. Berghage , associate professor of horticulture , use discarded materials and a combination of plant and bacterial communities to treat water from a washing machine and other wastewater .
According to Cameron , this design is superior to previous living treatment systems in that it requires much less space and is much more efficient at removing contaminants .
" We have shown that with this system we can take wastewater from a washing machine and remove more than 90 percent of the pollutants within three days , " said Cameron .
" The treated water had very low levels of suspended solids and no detectable levels of e.coli . "
Cameron presented the work at a meeting on organic and sustainable agriculture in Havana .
advertisement
The water treatment system consists of two seven - foot long plastic corrugated pipes a foot in diameter .
The researchers placed these pipes upright three feet apart in a basin containing a foot of potting soil and crushed limestone .
" We planted the three feet by five feet basin at the foot of the pipes with papyrus and horsetail reed , " said Cameron .
" Just like in a wetland , the roots of these plants and associated bacteria clean the water as it flows under the basin surface and through the two columns . "
Both culvert pipes are filled with alternating layers of porous rocks , composted cow manure , peat moss , tire crumbs , potting soil and crushed limestone .
Researchers planted vegetables and ornamental plants -- tomatoes , peppers , rosemary , basil and orchids -- in holes drilled along the length of the pipes .
They then pumped about 45 gallons of wastewater from a washing machine to the top of the two pipes .
" As the dirty water trickles down the pipes , the tight mesh created by the soil , gravel and roots filters out pollutants , " explained Cameron .
" Additionally , bacterial colonies among the roots eat away the dissolved organic matter while layers of iron scraps or clay can be added to trap phosphorus . "
By periodically replacing the plants , pollutants not metabolized but trapped , can be removed from the system , he added .
advertisement
Chemical analyses of the treated water show a reduction of nitrites from 24 parts per million to just 1.9 parts per million , a reduction of more than 90 percent .
The system is also effective in filtering out boron .
While boron is a necessary micronutrient for plants , it is toxic at high levels and can accumulate in the ground .
" Our gray water sample had boron levels of about 702 parts per million , " said Cameron .
" But after about three days of treatment , water collected from the foot of the pipes had only about 58 parts per million -- a reduction of about 92 percent .
Dozens of other pollutants were similarly reduced in two to three days . "
Cameron indicates that the next phase of research will focus on the beneficial reuses of the treated wastewater such as reducing a building 's need for air conditioning .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Labour candidate has launched a personal attack on Gordon Brown , saying he is " the worst prime minister we have had in this country " .
Manish Sood , who is standing in North West Norfolk , added that Mr Brown was a " disgrace " .
Mr Sood called Labour ministers " corrupt " and said the party had allowed immigration to get too high .
Labour said Mr Sood 's remarks were " dreadful " and the latest in a series of " bizarre comments " he has made .
The party has not suspended him , so as things stand his name will still be on the ballot paper for Labour .
' Owes apology ' Mr Sood had been speaking to a local newspaper , Lynn News .
He went on to say the prime minister " owes an apology to the people and the Queen " .
Manish has been divorced from this campaign for some time
David Collis
Chairman of North West Norfolk Constituency Labour Party Mr Sood , who is a Labour councillor in Leicester , later told the BBC News Channel that he stood by his comments .
" What he [ Gordon Brown ] is doing is basically making things worse and worse , " said Mr Sood .
" At the end of the day if he can't do the job properly , he should give it to someone else it is as simple as that . "
Mr Sood claimed that some Labour activists in his constituency would be " happy " with his comments , because they were " fed up " with the current situation in the party .
" Those who are obviously staunch supporters of Gordon Brown will feel affected , but those who want to change and those who believe in true social moral values are obviously on my side , " Mr Sood added .
David Collis , chairman of North West Norfolk Constituency Labour Party , said Mr Sood did not represent their views .
" Manish has been divorced from this campaign for some time , but clearly determined to get as much attention for himself as possible , " said Mr Collis .
" Despite having such a dreadful candidate , loyal Labour members will continue to put the case for Gordon Brown as the best man to take Britain forward . "
He added : " We are fully in support of Gordon Brown as leader of our party and of the excellent campaign he is running . "
' Desperation ' A Labour source told the BBC that the party had tried in the past to deselect Mr Sood , but the attempt to move him out of the constituency had foundered on a technicality .
Speaking on the BBC's Daily Politics show , Labour 's Douglas Alexander said Mr Sood 's comments were " very eccentric and bizarre " .
" These views wo n't distract us from the job in hand , " he said .
Meanwhile , Justice Secretary Jack Straw told BBC Radio 4's World at One that Mr Sood 's statements were " completely maverick " .
" You get maverick actions by Conservatives as well ... you get this at any election . "
Ed Davey , the Lib Dems ' chief of staff , said Mr Sood 's comments were " quite amazing " .
" This will add to the desperation in the Labour camp , " he added .
Mr Sood 's mother , Manjula Sood , also a Labour councillor in Leicester , said : " My late husband gave his life to the Labour Party and my loyalty is to the party and to what Gordon Brown has done for the country .
" My son holds his own views but I 'm very angry about this and very angry with him . "
The constituency of North West Norfolk was won in 2005 by Conservative candidate Henry Bellingham who is standing again , with 49.9 % of the vote .
The full list of candidates in Norfolk North West is as follows : Henry Bellingham - Conservative David Fleming - British National Party John Gray - UK Independence Party Manish Sood - Labour William Summers - Liberal Democrat Michael de Whalley - Green
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Reddit Email 0 Shares
President Obama ’s appointment of Gen. David Petraeus to succeed Gen. Stanley McChrystal as commander of US forces in Afghanistan signaled a continued commitment by the White House to a large - scale counter - insurgency campaign involving taking large swathes of territory , clearing it of insurgents , holding it in the medium term , and building up local government and social services .
It is frequently asserted that Gen. Petraeus “ succeeded ” in Iraq via a troop escalation or “ surge ” of 30,000 extra US troops that he dedicated to counter - insurgency purposes in al - Anbar and Baghdad Provinces .
But it would be a huge mistake to see Iraq either as a success story or as stable .
It is the scene of an ongoing civil war between Sunnis and Shiites that is killing roughly 300 civilians a month .
It ca n’t form a government months after the March 7 elections , even though the outcomes are known , having a permanently hung parliament , wherein the four major parties find it difficult to agree on a prime minister .
The political vacuum has proved an opening for Sunni Arab insurgents , who have mounted effective bombing campaigns and more recently are targeting the banks .
And now the caretaker government of Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki is being shaken by a wave of violent mass protests even in Shiite cities that voted for him , against his government ’s failure to provide key services , especially electricity in the midst of a sweltering summer heat wave .
On Saturday , a big protest rally denouncing the lack of electricity turned violent , and police shot dead two protesters .
In some parts of Iraq temperatures reach 120 degrees Fahrenheit , and few places have electricity more than 6 or 7 hours a day .
The minister of electricity has been forced to resign .
On Thursday , the headline in al - Zaman , the Times of Baghdad , read “ Electricity Uprisings Break out in Hilla and Diyala under the Banner of Ousting al - Maliki . ”
If the caretaker government falls in the face of this popular pressure before parliament can agree on a new prime minister , there would be a dreadful security vacuum and a constitutional crisis .
Going back 3 1/2 years , Gen. Petraeus did what he could to end the Sunni-Shiite Civil War of 2006 - 2007 , which helped produce the nearly 4 million Iraqi displaced ( most of whom are still homeless ) and likely killed tens of thousands .
He put blast walls up to separate Sunni and Shiite neighborhoods ; he put in checkpoints to keep out car and truck bombs ; he made some markets pedestrian - only to stop them being blown up ; he established Sunni Arab pro-American militias , the “ Sons of Iraq , ” to fight the fundamentalist vigilantes , both Sunni and Shiite ; and he systematically tracked down and had killed the leadership of the insurgent cells .
I mean to take nothing away from the significant and important efforts of the US military in 2007 when I say that they did not all by themselves end the Sunni - Shiite civil war .
In some ways , they inadvertently hastened a Shiite victory .
Gen .
Casey had been convinced to begin his plan of disarming the Iraqis in Baghdad with the Sunni Arabs by Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki .
The US military stuck to this bargain .
But it turns out that if you disarmed the Sunni Arabs , then the Shiite militias came at night to chase them away .
As I argued a couple of summers ago , working in part from the intrepid journalism of Karen DeYoung at WaPo , the main reason for decrease in the virulence of the Civil War ( it is not over ) was that the Shiites succeeded in ethnically cleansing the Sunnis from Baghdad .
Based on US military and NGO statistics , on patterns of ambient light from West Baghdad visible by satellite , on the on - the - ground investigations of journalists like AP ’s Hamza Hendawi , and on subsequent voting patterns , I do n’t think Baghdad is now more than 10 - 15 % Sunni , whereas it was probably about half and half Sunni and Shiite at the time of Bush ’s invasion in 2003 .
Obviously , when formerly mixed neighborhoods gradually no longer had Sunnis living in them , the ethnic violence declined ( militant Shiites would have had to drive for an hour to find a Sunni to ethnically cleanse ) .
My own field research among Iraqi refugees in Jordan in August of 2008 revealed to me the mechanisms by which the Sunnis were chased out .
Many had been explicitly threatened by name , receiving death threats in their mail boxes .
In addition , one fourth of Iraqi families who formally registered as refugees in Jordan had had a child kidnapped .
Many had seen family members or close friends killed before their eyes .
Some continued to receive threats in East Amman apartments , as the militias tracked them down to their new , squalid residences .
It was in part this Shiite wave of militia power and the usurping of Sunni property ( most displaced families in Iraq have lost possession of their homes ) that convinced many Sunni clans to go over to the Americans and to fight the Sunni fundamentalists in their midst , since it was the latter whose constant bombings and attacks on Shiite neighborhoods that had provoked the Civil War .
Sunni Arabs in Iraq were initially absolutely convinced that they were a majority and that the Sunni Arab world would help them get back their country from the Americans , the Shiites and the Kurds .
By early 2007 it had become clear that the Shiites were overwhelming them and that , indeed , their only plausible savior was the Americans , who might be persuaded to act as a moderating influence on the Shiites .
The Shiite victory in the Civil War was thus absolutely crucial as an Iraqi social - history background for what success Petraeus ’s policies had .
No such major social - historical change has occurred in Afghanistan or is likely to .
The Taliban and other insurgents primarily spring from the Pashtun ethnic group that predominates in the east and southwest of the country .
Pashtuns probably make up about 42 percent of Afghanistan ’s some 34 million people .
Pashtun clans provided the top political leadership to Afghanistan from the 18th century , through the Durrani monarchy , and they look down on the northern Tajik and Hazarah ethnic groups ( who speak dialects of Persian ) .
Although probably only 20 - 30 percent of Afghan Pashtuns view the Taliban favorably , more may admire the Taliban as a group that stands up for Afghanistan ’s independence from the Western nations now occupying it .
The Pashtuns do not believe that they have been conquered by anyone , and the vast majority of them wants US and NATO troops out of their country .
They would fall down laughing at the idea of being afraid of the Tajiks and Hazarahs .
So they will not be as easy to turn as the terrified and traumatized Sunnis of Iraq were in 2007 .
What governmental and military framework the government of Nuri al - Maliki has been able to provide depends deeply on Iraq ’s human capital .
It was an industrializing society with an educated work force , a majority urban sector , and a respectable literacy rate , and its army could be rebuilt in part because literate soldiers are easier to train ( not to mention that a stock of experienced soldiers and officers familiar with conventional military tactics could be drawn on ) .
Iraq is an oil state with an income of $ 60 billion a year from petroleum alone .
Afghanistan ’s entire nominal GDP is $ 12 bn. a year .
Afghanistan is 28 % literate and its army is 10 % literate .
It is largely rural , poorly educated , and decades of civil war have destroyed or chased abroad its small managerial classes .
Afghanistan is far more dependent on kinship ties ( clans and tribes ) in politics than Iraq ( only 1/3 of Iraqis in polling say that tribal identity is important to them ) .
Clan politics is notoriously insular and difficult for foreigners to enter into .
Moreover , Gen. Petreaus ’s policies in 2007 in Iraq had many drawbacks .
As noted , starting with the disarming of one ethno- religious group , the Sunni Arabs , left them vulnerable to ethnic cleansing by the still - armed Shiite militias .
The creation of 100,000 Sons of Iraq fighters among the Sunni Arabs was viewed as a security problem by the Shiite government of al - Maliki , which brought only 17,000 of them into the police or other security forces .
Many of the others were gradually dropped from the payroll by the Iraqi government , and , deprived of support by the withdrawing American troops , began being targeted by vengeful fundamentalists as traitors .
The blast walls erected around neighborhoods cut them off economically from the city and produced 80 % unemployment within , and so that tactic was not sustainable .
There were also joint Sunni - Shiite demonstrations against Gen .
Petraeus on the grounds that he was imposing and artificial sectarian separation on Iraqis .
( I know . )
The heavy US dependence on Blackwater and other private security contractors went badly awry when they kept going cowboy and committed a massacre at Nissour Square in 2007 .
( The same firm , now renamed , is being brought into Afghanistan . )
Above all , Gen Petreaus was unable to attain in Iraq that pot of gold at the bottom of the counter - insurgency rainbow , increased government capacity and political reconciliation .
Even his ultimate crackdown on the Mahdi Army and attempt to marginalize the Sadrists who follow Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr largely failed .
The Sadrists did well in the March elections and may well end up being king - makers in the negotiations over a new prime minister and the speed of the American withdrawal .
Nor has the Arab - Kurdish conflict been resolved ( and that one is a tinderbox ) .
The Shiite prime minister , Nuri al - Maliki , deeply dislikes the ex-Baathists ( whom he sees as supported by neighboring Syria ) , and which he codes as predominantly Sunni Arabs .
He has not reached out to them in any significant way , and some 80 % of the Sunni Arabs are estimated to have voted for Maliki ’s rival , Iyad Allawi ( an ex-Baathist himself ) .
Although the list they voted for , the Iraqiya , gained the largest single number of seats , it is not being recognized as the biggest bloc in parliament and will almost certainly not be allowed to form a government .
Instead , the two big Shiite blocs made a post-election alliance and are insisting that they will form the government , and the courts have backed them .
The message to Sunnis ?
Even if you put down your arms and participate in the electoral process , you will likely be marginalized by the Shiite majority .
And now al - Maliki faces the Great Electricity Uprising of 2010 .
Iraq cannot be a model for victory in Afghanistan , and it is n’t even clear that there has been any meaningful ‘ victory ’ in Iraq .
The best that could be said is that in summer of 2006 , 2500 civilians were showing up dead every month , and now it is a tenth of that ( still a lot ) .
The counter - insurgency push in the Pashtun areas of Afghanistan could go either way .
It could tamp down the Taliban and other insurgents and produce a population grateful for increased security , even at the cost of increased foreign control .
Or it could involve Fallujah - like leveling of towns and large numbers of killed and displaced clansmen , pushing Pashtuns now favorable to Karzai into insurgency .
I would give the former a 10 % chance of happening .
If you listen to left - leaning journalists , economists and think - tanks , you ’d think that the main cause of chronic child poverty in Canada is a lack of good paying jobs .
That ’s not true .
The biggest cause is broken families .
Statistics Canada published a report this morning documenting the latest trends in incomes in Canada .
The results confirm a long - standing trend , namely that single moms , valiantly endeavoring to juggle the responsibilities of parenting with their job , are having a tough time bring home enough income for their kids .
About 606,000 children aged 17 and under lived in low - income families in 2008 …
Roughly 218,000 of these children in low income lived in female lone - parent families .
( Source )
Leaving aside the issue of how Statistics Canada defines “ poverty ” ( which is hugely controversial among economists ) these statistics show that about 36 % of children living in “ poverty ” are in broken families .
We could hold a symposium gathering economists from around the world to tinker with the definition of “ poverty ” , but the broad conclusion would be the same : broken families are causing huge financial hardships on women and children in this country , not to mention the emotional distress .
Unfortunately , policy makers refuse to see the elephant in the room and instead focus on creating new social programs to supplement incomes .
The only lasting solution is to return to values that promote more stable families .
Since that ’s the root cause , that ’s where the solution needs to be directed .
There are no quick fixes , unfortunately .
Part of the solution would involve better education so that people avoid getting into bad relationships and to make men less prone to dump a women that they impregnated .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Distinct populations of snake species have crashed over the last decade , raising fears that the reptiles may be in global decline , according to a study .
The pattern across the eight species monitored was alarmingly similar despite their geographical isolation , which points to a common cause , say researchers .
Factors thought to play a role include climate change , habitat loss , pollution , disease , lack of prey and over - exploitation , either for food or trade .
The study showed that of the 17 snake populations in Britain , France , Italy , Nigeria and Australia , 11 had dropped off sharply over a four - year period starting in the late 1990s .
" Our data revealed an alarming trend , " the authors report in the journal Biology Letters .
" Two - thirds of the monitored populations collapsed , and none have shown any sign of recovery over nearly a decade since the crash .
Unfortunately , there is no reason to expect a reversal of this trend . "
They add that while the sample size of 17 species is small , " the declines are sufficiently striking to warrant attention " .
Foragers most vulnerable
Snakes are among the top reptile predators , and a sharp decline in their numbers would likely have serious consequences for many ecosystems .
Earlier studies have turned up dwindling numbers for certain species and in some regions , especially the Mediterranean basin .
But the new study presents the first evidence that snakes in the tropics are also in trouble .
Depending on the continent , population declines varied depending on sex , with females disappearing significantly more rapidly than males in most cases .
So - called ' sit - and - wait ' foragers - snakes that lie motionless , waiting for prey to come within striking distance - are also more severely depleted in numbers than counterparts which are active hunters .
The only Australian snake in the study - the tiger snake ( Notechis scutatus ) - defied the trend maintaining a stable popuation throughout .
The fact that the declines observed happened in different corners of the globe over the same short time points to a single problem .
" We suggest that there is likely to be a common cause at the root of the declines , and that this indicates a more widespread phenomenon , " the researchers write .
-ABC /AFP
OTTAWA - A Conservative senator with a tongue like a sailor shocked aid groups Monday , warning them to keep quiet about the Harper government 's foreign - policy position on abortion or face possible retribution .
Senator Nancy Ruth dropped the F - bomb as she advised about 80 representatives of non-governmental groups to stop criticizing the Tories .
" Senator Ruth just advised the NGOs to ' shut the f -- k up ' and let the maternal - health issue play itself out , " Kelly Crichton , who represents the group
At the Table , said in an email .
The Harper government is facing heavy criticism at home and abroad for insisting that it will not fund abortion as part of its centrepiece child - and maternal - health initiative at the G8 Summit in Huntsville , Ont. , next month .
Many NGOs say Harper is bending to religious fundamentalists and they worry they government will cut off their funding if they complain publicly .
Ruth 's comments -- which were caught on tape by the Toronto Star -- only added to that concern .
According to the Star , her remarks were meant as friendly advice , but they were met with gasps of disbelief and even anger from some of the present .
" We 've got five weeks or whatever left until G8 starts , " Ruth said .
" Shut the fuck up on this issue ...
If you push it , there will be more backlash .
This is now a political football .
This is not about women 's health in this country . "
Ruth did n't respond to a request for comment from The Canadian Press .
She was appointed to the Senate in 2005 by then - prime minister Paul Martin .
Trouble is , the newfound fascination obscures what biologists and Mr. Freer describe as a serious problem .
In their view , python proliferation — still significant despite a cold winter that might have killed half the population — is simply the sexiest example of widespread disrespect for pets and the wilderness .
Image Bob Freer with a baby ball python .
It grows to only four feet and can curl up into a ball .
Credit ... Maggie Steber for The New York Times
“ People need to view exotic species invasions as pollution — biopollution , ” said David E. Hallac , chief of biological resources for Everglades and Dry Tortugas National Parks .
“ In some cases , this form of biopollution can be even more difficult to remedy than chemical pollution , mainly because in most cases , we have no way of cleaning up exotic species from our natural environments . ”
Nowhere is the problem more visible than in the open expanse of southwestern Dade County , where tract housing gives way to sawgrass and airboat engines .
Mr. Freer , a grandfather who cuts the sleeves off his T - shirts , has lived here for a decade , giving animal presentations to tourists and running a wildlife refuge that doubles as his home .
He grew up in rural New York on a dairy farm with a pet alligator , and he used to live north of Miami with another gator ( named Lazy ) until his neighbors complained .
Now Mr. Freer and his third wife are free to mix with whatever animals they like , and there are plenty .
Near the back of their five - acre property , for instance , sits Rocky , a tiger once owned by a stripper .
Buc , an arthritic grizzly bear , lies in a cage next door near the hyenas , Chewy the camel , birds the color of daiquiris , and a lemur from Madagascar whose previous owner pulled out its teeth , so that all its food must now be mashed .
Because those who mind do n't matter and those who matter do n't mind - Seuss .
Tiny ad : 2021 RMH Jamboree planning thread !
https://permies.com/wiki/148835/permaculture-projects/RMH-Jamboree-planning-thread
What your email address says about your computer skills
What email service you use can be an indicator of many things .
The accused have been charged with conspiracy to commit sedition
Nine alleged members of a radical US Christian militia group accused of plotting to wage war against the US have been freed from jail on bond .
A judge in Detroit ordered their release , despite prosecutors ' objections , imposing strict conditions including electronic tagging .
The suspects - eight men and one woman - were detained in a series of FBI raids across the Mid-West in March .
They are said to belong to a Michigan - based militia called the Hutaree .
It is alleged they planned to kill a police officer in Michigan and then stage a second attack on the funeral , using landmines and roadside bombs .
Defence lawyers say it is just a case of hate - filled , irrational speech .
' End time battles '
" The United States is correct that it need not wait until people are killed before it arrests conspirators , " US District Judge Victoria Roberts said in her ruling .
" But , the defendants are also correct :
Their right to engage in hate - filled , venomous speech , is a right that deserves First Amendment protection . "
Joshua Matthew Stone was arrested along with his mother and father
She said federal prosecutors failed to persuade her that the defendants must be jailed until trial , the Detroit Free News reports .
Conditions of their release include remaining under house arrest with electronic monitoring devices and reporting to the authorities every week .
The accused have been named as David Stone Sr , 45 , the alleged ringleader , his wife Tina Stone , 44 , his son Joshua Matthew Stone , 21 , all of Clayton , and his stepson , David Brian Stone Jr , 19 , of Adrian .
The other accused are Joshua Clough , 28 , of Blissfield ; Michael Meeks , 40 , of Manchester ; Thomas Piatek , 46 , of Whiting , Indiana ; Kristopher Sickles , 27 , of Sandusky , Ohio ; and Jacob Ward , 33 , of Huron , Ohio .
They were arrested by the FBI at the end of March in the belief that the group was planning a reconnaissance exercise .
The nine have been charged with conspiracy to commit sedition and attempting to use weapons of mass destruction .
A website in the name of the Hutaree group shows video footage of military - style training exercises and describes themselves as " Christian warriors " .
A statement on the website says the group are preparing to defend themselves upon the arrival of the Antichrist .
Disclaimer :
The pickle portrayed in this comic is fictional .
Any resemblance to deities , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
No deities were harmed in the making of this comic .
Void where prohibited .
Not for use on unexplained calf pain .
This weekend I prepared my slides for next weeks talk at Akademy about the mobile edition of KWin .
I will talk about the reasons why we need a KWin mobile edition and why that will also benefit the desktop edition of KWin .
For those who are not that familiar with KWin ’s Compositing stack I will explain how the system works and where and how we can work on the OpenGL ES port .
So that requires to illustrate the differences between the various OpenGL versions and what we have to do to get KWin ’s codebase compiling on Maemo .
As I have not yet started to implement the port ( I think 4.5 is currently more important ) I will also provide a roadmap on when we will see the pieces hitting trunk .
As my talk has a very special time slot I prepared a KWin effect on Friday evening for the talk .
It ’s a small but useful effect for the purpose and took me only about one hour to implement it and a nice effect to illustrate KWin ’s flexibility , which is of course also part of the talk .
Now I do n’t want to spoil it , but I think it ’s a nice and elegant solution to the problem that my talk collides with the second half of the quarterfinal Germany vs Argentina or Mexico .
So please come to my talk and do n’t stay in front of the TVs 🙂
I really love football and I can’t remember that I ever missed a German match at a World Cup .
Given the way Germany played today , it will be really hard to miss the game .
Who btw planned Akademy during World Cup ?
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
Brisbane 's civic leader said he had no idea he had been nominated or shortlisted until contacted by the media .
He would not comment on whether he thought he was deserving .
" My focus is on getting on with the job and working to make Brisbane an even better place to live , " Newman told brisbanetimes.com.au .
The competition website says it aims to raise the profile of mayors and " honour those who have served their communities well and who have made contributions to the well - being of cities nationally and internationally " .
Past winners include Melbourne 's former mayor John So ( 2006 ) and Cape Town 's Helen Zille ( 2008 ) .
Apple officials told police investigators that the publication of photos of an iPhone prototype was " immensely damaging " to the company and represented a " huge " loss , recently released court documents show .
Those documents , released Friday by a San Mateo , Calif. , county judge , reveal details of a meeting between police and Apple officials that ultimately led to the seizure of several computers from the home of Gizmodo editor Jason Chen .
Gizmodo published photographs and analysis of the iPhone prototype -- widely believed to be similar to the smartphone Apple will launch next month -- on April 19 .
Gawker Media , the company that operates Gizmodo , has admitted it paid $ 5,000 for the phone after it was left at a Redwood City , Calif . , bar by an Apple software engineer .
The next day , April 20 , Detective Matthew Brand of the San Mateo County Sheriff 's Office met with Bruce Sewell , Apple 's chief counsel , Rick Orloff , the company 's director of information security , and George Riley , a lawyer from the Los Angeles law firm of O'Melveny and Myers , which represents Apple .
During the meeting , Riley told Brand that the premature disclosure of iPhone details had been " immensely damaging " to Apple .
" By publishing details about the phone and its features , sales of current Apple products are hurt wherein people that [ sic ] would have otherwise purchased a currently existing Apple product would wait for the next item to be released , thereby hurting overall sales and negatively effecting [ sic ]
Apple 's earnings , " Riley said , according to the affidavit Brand swore out for a search warrant of Chen 's residence .
When Brand asked Riley to put a dollar amount on the loss , Riley said he could not estimate it , but believed it was " huge . "
The affidavit also revealed that Apple knew the identify of the man who sold the prototype iPhone to Gizmodo on the same day that the blog published its story .
By Brand 's affidavit , Katherine Martinson , who identified herself as a roommate of Brian Hogan , said Hogan had been in possession of the iPhone and had sold it to Gizmodo .
Martinson had provided Orloff a photograph of a sticker bearing identifying markings that had been attached to the iPhone .
Orloff told Brand that the markings matched those of the missing iPhone .
On April 29 , Hogan , a 21 - year - old college student from Redwood City , was named by his attorney as the person who took the iPhone from the bar and sold it to Gizmodo .
Hogan has not been arrested or charged with a crime .
According to Brand 's affidavit , Martinson told Apple of Hogan 's involvement because she was afraid she would be dragged into any criminal charges .
" Orloff said that Witness Martinson contacted him due to the fact that Suspect Hogan connected the stolen iPhone to her computer and she believed that Apple would eventually trace the iPhone back to her IP address , " the document stated .
Martinson and others also allegedly tried to talk Hogan out of selling the prototype because its disclosure would damage the career of the Apple software engineer who had left the iPhone at the Redwood City bar .
Hogan 's response to Martinson 's pleas was , " Sucks to be him .
He lost his phone .
Should n't have lost his phone , " the affidavit read .
California police , led by the REACT ( Rapid Enforcement Allied Computer Team ) , a multi-county task force that investigates high - tech crimes in the Silicon Valley area , served the search warrant April 23 , just four days after Gizmodo published its story .
During the search , REACT removed at least six computers from Chen 's Fremont , Calif . home .
Those computers are in legal limbo at the moment .
According to the latest statements by the San Mateo County district attorney 's office , which would prosecute if it decides a crime has been committed , the computers have not been examined .
Gizmodo 's attorney has argued that the machines were illegally seized , citing both federal and California journalist shield laws .
" We continue to discuss the matter with Mr. Chen 's attorney and attorney 's for Gawker [ Media ] , " said Stephen Wagstaffe , chief deputy district attorney for San Mateo County , on April 30 .
The Gizmodo prototype is just one of at least two early versions of the iPhone that have leaked to the public .
Last week , a Vietnamese Web forum posted photographs of what one hardware expert said was probably a production or near - production unit .
Most expect Apple to repeat its pattern of the last two years by announcing the next iPhone on June 7 , the first day of the company 's annual developers conference , and beginning sales two to four weeks later .
Brand 's affidavit was released after lawyers representing several print and online media companies , including the Associated Press , Bloomberg , CNET , the Los Angeles Times and Wired.com , argued that it be unsealed .
The affidavit can be downloaded from several locations on the Internet , including CNET 's site ( download PDF )
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Quick tips for those having trouble with their splash screens in lucid .
Plymouth replaces Usplash as the default boot splash program in lucid lynx .
Some users have found that either they do not see the splash at all on startup or only for a split second before the login screen appears .
At present there are only a few Plymouth themes available in the repositories .
Open synaptic and type Plymouth into the quick search field to see a list of the available themes .
To change the default splash screen :
sudo update - alternatives -- config default .
plymouth
sudo update - initramfs -u
To fix the delayed loading of the splash :
sudo -s
echo FRAMEBUFFER=y
>>/etc/initramfs-tools/conf.d/splash
update - initramfs -u
To install new themes manually ;
First copy the downloaded theme to / lib / plymouth / themes / mytheme ;
Then execute ( replace mytheme with the name of the theme you are installing ) :
sudo update - alternatives -- install /lib / plymouth / themes/default.plymouth default.plymouth /lib/plymouth/themes/mytheme/mytheme.plymouth
100
sudo update - alternatives -- config default .
plymouth
sudo update - initramfs -u
To create a very basic theme ( wallpaper only ) try the following :
1. sudo mkdir / lib / plymouth / themes / simple
2 . Find a wallpaper you like and copy it to /lib / plymouth / themes / simple/wallpaper.png ( must be a png ! )
2. sudo gedit /lib / plymouth / themes/simple/simple.plymouth and paste the following :
[ Plymouth Theme ]
Name=Simple
Description =Wallpaper only
ModuleName=script [ script ]
ImageDir=/lib/ plymouth/ themes/simple
ScriptFile=/lib/ plymouth/ themes/simple/simple.script
3. sudo gedit /lib / plymouth / themes / simple/simple.script and paste the following :
wallpaper_image = Image ( " wallpaper.png " ) ;
screen_width = Window.GetWidth ( ) ;
screen_height = Window.GetHeight ( ) ;
resized_wallpaper_image = wallpaper_image.Scale(screen_width, screen_height ) ;
wallpaper_sprite = Sprite( resized_wallpaper_image ) ;
wallpaper_sprite.SetZ( -100 ) ;
4. sudo update - alternatives -- install /lib / plymouth / themes/default.plymouth default.plymouth /lib/plymouth/themes/simple/simple.plymouth
100
5. sudo update - alternatives -- config default .
plymouth ( select simple from the list )
6. sudo update - initramfs -u
Reboot and you should see a boot splash of the image you copied .
For more details on creating plymouth themes check out : http://brej.org/blog/?p=197
Sponsored Link
Related posts
Created by bagwell on 2010 - 05 - 18 .
Updated : 2010-05-19 , 16:22
Web development in Scala has taken another step forward .
Alex Ramos tells us about a new open - source software package that has become available to convert PHP code to Scala .
While Wolfgang Kühn , a member of the trading development team at ENBW describes how to translate Scala into Javascript .
These two open source projects allow you to convert existing PHP application code to a more maintainable Scala and the ability to write rich web clients in Scala too .
So now you can more easily convert those old web applications and continue development or build new ones in a uniform more maintainable environment like Scala .
PHP to Scala - Alex Ramos
This is n't a PHP - to - bytecode compiler , but a source code migration tool .
According to the website , this is NOT intended as a compiler to make the PHP code " run faster " , albeit up to 3.4 x faster .
It is intended to make the PHP code " go away " .
The theory is , that since the Scala code is maintainable , any future changes and enhancements to the application should be done in the Scala code itself - rather than modifying the PHP and " re-compiling " to Scala .
The choice of Scala for this purpose was rather interesting .
According to the website :
" One might ask : why not target another JVM language such as Clojure , Groovy , Jruby , Jython , or Java itself as the output of the migration tool ?
The answer is found in the translation complexity .
Only Scala has enough syntactic flexibility ( such as implicit conversions , operator overloading , triple - quoted strings , and the Uniform Access Principle ) , to enable a mostly lexical ( token driven , as opposed to syntax tree driven ) conversion from PHP .
The power of Scala is what ultimately enabled the proof - of - concept for this tool to be developed in one weekend afternoon and is also what enables the generated code to remain clutter - free and close to the original , improving readability which is the project 's main goal . "
The PHP - to - Scala Migration Helper ( php - to - scala for short ) is bundled with a Scala wrapper around the Quercus libraries , which provide a Java implementation for over one thousand PHP built - in functions , as well as number - handling semantics .
Scala for Clients - Wolfgang Kühn
Wolfgang Kühn , a member of the trading development team at EnBW Energie Baden - Württemberg AG , explains in his talk at ScalaDays how they are able to translate Scala into Javascript using j2js .
With this they can now develop both the front - end and the back - end using the power of Scala along with the advantages of static type checking .
He says that ENBW trading uses Lift , based on Scala , for their web servers and plan to use Scala for the client instead of Javascript .
This ability to create rich web clients in Scala is an important part of their development strategy .
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- BP 's credit rating was slashed a staggering six notches by Fitch Ratings on Tuesday , just hours before its top U.S. executive is grilled in front of Congress as worries over how much the company will have to pay for the Gulf of Mexico oil spill grow .
BP's BP , - 1.18 % ( BP ) credit rating was knocked to BBB from AA , leaving the oil giant 's rating at one of the three major agencies just two notches above junk status .
BP was put on negative watch for further downgrades .
Fitch , which had cut BP 's rating just two weeks ago , said the main driver was the Obama administration 's insistence that claims being paid out of an escrow account .
" The recent claims by U.S. state and federal authorities that BP escrow significant sums pre-emptively , ahead of any agreed claims process , represent a material change in approach , should it ultimately prove a legally supportable move against the company , " the rating agency said .
Fitch also noted that government scientists have increased their estimates of the spill rate .
Using a variety of company and industry estimates , Fitch sees immediate clean - up and claim settlements between $ 3 billion and $ 6 billion ; civil fines of between $ 2 billion and $ 8 billion ; " medium - term incremental one - off costs , " which it did n't calculate but pointed out that a 1 % rise in North American operational costs would increase spending by $ 700 million a year ; and long - date litigation - related damages .
Fitch said it would be " surprised " if BP did not suspend quarterly cash dividend payments until the operational and financial impact of the incident is clearer .
The rating agency made clear it did n't expect BP to file for bankruptcy .
However , " the possibility of further , potentially multi- notch rating actions " arise from higher financial claims , the acceleration of the payment of claims and the possibility of declining BP 's access to capital .
The rating agency action comes just hours ahead of a hearing by the House of Representative 's Committee on Energy and Environment , which will feature BP 's top U.S. executive , Lamar McKay , as well as executives from rival oil firms .
President Obama will make his first speech to the nation from the Oval Office at 8 p.m. Eastern .
In premarket trade , BP shares rose over 3 % .
However , BP shares have lost nearly half their value since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded , causing the Gulf of Mexico spill , on April 20 .
After watching video of Rockstar ’s next title , Red Dead Redemption might be one of the best multiplayer games every to grace a console .
The release of Red Dead Redemption is only a few weeks away and we all will be able to determine how good it is for ourselves .
While the wait for Red Dead continues , check out the potential achievements that can be earned in Red Dead Redemption .
The first step towards becoming an infamous outlaw of the Wild Wild West begins now .
* Bearly Legal ( 5 ) — Kill and skin 18 grizzly bears .
* Fightin’ Around the World ( 5 ) — Knock someone out in melee in every saloon in the game in Single Player .
* The Gunslinger ( 5 ) — Score a headshot on any enemy using Expert targeting mode .
* Buckin’ Awesome ( 10 ) — Break the Kentucky Saddler , the American Standardbred , and the Hungarian Half - bred .
* Clemency Pays ( 10 ) — Capture a bounty alive .
* Exquisite Taste ( 10 ) — Purchase a rare weapon from a gunsmith .
* Friends in High Places ( 10 ) — Use a pardon letter with more than $ 5000 bounty in Single Player .
* He Cleans Up Well !
( 10 ) — Obtain the Elegant Suit .
* High Roller ( 10 ) — Win over 2000 chips in a hand of Poker .
* Hit the Trail ( 10 ) — Get from Blackwater to Escalera before sundown in a public Free Roam session .
* More than a Fistful ( 10 ) — Earn $ 10,000 in Single Player .
* Most Wanted ( 10 ) — Become a Public Enemy for 10 minutes and escape alive in a public Free Roam session .
* No Dice ( 10 ) — Complete a game of Liar ’s Dice without losing a single die .
* On the Trail of de Vaca ( 10 ) — Uncover every location on the map in Single Player .
* Posse Up ! ( 10 ) — Create a posse and get the maximum number of members .
* Red Dead Rockstar ( 10 ) — Kill a Rockstar or someone with this achievement in a public multiplayer match .
* Slow on the Draw ( 10 ) — Get 10 assists in a single Hideout in a public Free Roam session .
* Strange Things are Afoot ( 10 ) — Complete a task for a Stranger .
* What About Hand Grenades ?
( 10 ) — Get a ringer in a game of Horseshoes .
* Bullseye ( 20 ) — Get 250 headshots in any game mode .
* Frontiersman ( 20 ) — Obtain Legendary rank in any Single Player Ambient Challenge .
* Go Team ! ( 20 ) — Be on the winning team for four consecutive victories in any team based game in public matches .
* Have Gun Will Travel ( 20 ) — Complete all Hideouts in a single public Free Roam session .
* How the West Was Won ( 20 ) — Reach the top rank for multiplayer experience .
* In a Hail of Bullets ( 20 ) — Kill 500 enemies with any pistol or revolver in any game mode .
* Long Arm of Marston ( 20 ) — Kill 500 enemies with any rifle , repeater , or shotgun in any game mode .
* Mowing Them Down ( 20 ) — Kill 500 enemies with a mounted weapon in any game mode .
* The Quick and Everyone Else … ( 20 ) —
Be the top scoring player in any three consecutive FFA games in public
matches .
* Unnatural Selection ( 20 ) — Kill one of every animal species in the game in any game mode .
* Austin Overpowered ( 25 ) — Complete Twin Rocks , Pike ’s Basin , and Gaptooth Breach Hideouts in Single Player .
* Evil Spirits ( 25 ) — Complete Tumbleweed and Tesoro Azul Hideouts in Single Player .
* Gold Medal ( 25 ) — Earn a Gold Medal Rank for a combat mission in Single Player .
* Instinto Asesino ( 25 ) — Complete Fort Mercer and Nosalida Hideouts in Single Player .
* Man of Honor / Chivalry ’s Dead ( 25 ) — Attain highest Fame rank and either highest Honor rank or lowest Honor rank .
* People are Still Strange ( 25 ) — Complete 15 tasks for Strangers .
* Redeemed ( 100 ) — Attain 100 % in the Single Player Game Completion stat .
* Secret Achievement ( 5 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
* Secret Achievement ( 5 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
* Secret Achievement ( 5 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
* Secret Achievement ( 10 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
* Secret Achievement ( 10 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
* Secret Achievement ( 10 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
* Secret Achievement ( 20 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
* Secret Achievement ( 30 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
* Secret Achievement ( 40 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
* Secret Achievement ( 50 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
* Secret Achievement ( 90 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
* Secret Achievement ( 100 ) — Continue playing to unlock this Achievement
WASHINGTON , June 17 , 2010  --
A unanimous Supreme Court todayruled that a southern California police department did not violate the constitution when it audited personal and sexually explicit text messages sent by one of its officers using an official pager .
Jeff Quon , the officer who filed the lawsuit against the Ontario Police Department , argued that department bosses violated his Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable searches and seizures by obtaining and reviewing a transcript of his communications , even though the pager belonged to an employer account .
" Because the search was motivated by a legitimate work related purpose , and because it was not excessive in scope , the search was reasonable , " wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy .
Quon believed he was following an informal policy at the police department when he sent personal text messages from his government - issued device .
When he was confronted by his superiors about explicit emails he sent to his girlfriend , he sued , saying that his constitutional rights had been violated and that he had " reasonable expectations of privacy . "
But the City of Ontario argued that it had initiated the search to determine whether the department had acquired a sufficient service contract with its text messaging provider and , in the process , encountered Quon 's personal messages .
During the search , Quon 's supervisors realized that Quon had gone over his monthly allotment of messages because he was using the device for personal messages .
Lawyers for the city argued that when it acquired the pagers it announced a computer policy that applied to all employees , reserving the " right to monitor and log all network activity including e-mail and Internet use without or without notice . "
Justice Kennedy acknowledged that the court was entering a new legal frontier in the information age and would proceed with caution before making a broad ruling on the privacy rights expectations of an employee .
" This court must proceed with care when considering the whole concept of privacy expectations in communications made on electronic equipment owned by a government employer , " he wrote .
Kennedy said that the court was resolving the case on narrower grounds because a broad ruling concerning employees ' privacy expectations while using employer - provided technological equipment " might have implications for future cases that cannot be predicted . "
Supreme Court Rules Narrowly in Sexting Case
" Rapid changes in the dynamics of communication and information transmission are evident not just in the technology itself but in what society accepts as proper behavior , " Kennedy wrote .
The case will provide guidance on employee rights versus employer rights at a time when employees are leaving an enormous trail of information through email , texts and wireless devices .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Instead of just inspecting offshore oil platforms , employees of the Minerals Management Service spent time trading links to Internet porn , shaking off crystal meth buzzes , and partying on the dime of the oil companies that they were supposed to be regulating , according to a new report released Monday by the Interior Department ’s Inspector General .
The IG ’s investigation of MMS ’ Lake Charles office , in oil - ravaged Louisiana , found “ a culture where the acceptance of gifts from oil and gas companies was widespread . ”
Among IG findings :
Thirteen current and former MMS employees in the Lake Charles office used their MMS email accounts to forward links to Internet porn .
Between 2005 and 2009 , seven current MMS employees emailed porn 314 times .
Two MMS employees admitted to using crystal meth .
In one instance , an MMS inspector admitted that he “ might have been under the influence of the drug [ at work ] after using it the day before . ”
In 2005 , two MMS inspectors and their families accepted tickets and a flight to the Peach Bowl in Atlanta , which were provided at a steep discount by Carlos Kibodeaux , the owner of Contract Operator Production Services , an offshore oil service company .
“ The 40 to 3 ass whupping LSU put on Miami was a lot more impressive in person , ” an inspector wrote the next day .
“ My daughter and I had a blast . ”
Other gifts from oil companies included meals , hunting and fishing trips , and entrance fees to skeet shooting and golf tournaments .
A confidential source told investigators that some MMS investigators had allowed workers on oil platforms to fill out MMS inspection forms .
The inspectors would then sign the forms and turn them in as their own .
In June 2008 , an MMS inspector used his government email to conduct employment negotiations with Island Operating Company , an offshore oil services company that he had repeatedly cited for breaking safety rules .
After his employment negotiations began , he conducted four inspections of IOC oil platforms , none of which resulted in citations .
Soon afterwards , IOC hired him .
While the news that the hard - partiers at MMS whore themselves to industry is n’t particularly new , most of the past revelations have centered around the agency ’s royalty collection arm .
That the same problems affect the inspection of offshore oil platforms is tragic , to say the least , in the context of the BP oil spill .
The IG claims that the unseemly ties between industry and Lake Charles ’ MMS regulators are things of the past , having been severed in the wake of the January 2007 firing of an inspector who ’d taken gifts from an oil company .
But some inspectors could have gotten better at hiding their ties to the good ‘ ol boys .
After all , it ’s hard to imagine a change of heart on the part of some former inspectors cited in the report .
Asked by a Conoco Phillips employee in an email exchange if he ever takes bribes , one former inspector said he did n’t , but added that he does take “ ‘ gifts ' ” from “ good friends that I would n’t write up anyway . ”
( If you appreciate our BP spill coverage , please consider making a tax - deductible donation in support . )
Reporters threatened with arrest by U.S. Coast Guard under orders from BP
Powerful corporations write their own rules
A crime against our planet
Business as usual in the corporate world
See the CounterThink cartoon
( Natural News ) The Gulf of Mexico oil catastrophe , now in its 35th day , has struck land , coating tourist beaches , marshes and shorelines with a greasy black filth that metaphorically represents the corporate greed that now dominates the U.S. economy .
We are all awash in the dark slime of corporations gone bad , and now we 're paying the price for allowing these companies to dominate our media , our government and our entire economy .
You might think government regulators could have prevented all this , but that 's hardly the case .
This disaster is n't merely about a government regulation failure ; it 's about what happens when you let corporations rule Washington .
British Petroleum has been steamrolling both the federal government and the press over this oil catastrophe in the Gulf .
For starters , the U.S. Coast Guard is now threatening to arrest journalists who try to cover the story by invoking " BP rules " that forbid journalists from conducting investigative journalism .
( http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/05/18/na...
As reported by CBS News : " When CBS News tried to reach the beach , covered in oil , a boat of BP contractors with two Coast Guard officers on board told us to turn around under threat of arrest .
"
In other words , the U.S. Coast Guard is nowby trying to censor a story the public needs to see .
At the same time , BP thumbed its nose at the EPA and flatly refused to use less - toxic chemical dispersants in its cleanup efforts .
So yesterday , the White HouseBP to cut its use of chemical dispersants by half .
The chemical in question is called , and so far BP has dumpedof the toxic chemical in the Gulf of Mexico
And yet , asreports , " Scientists told congressional hearings last week that Corexit was more toxic and less effective than other dispersants on the market .
Conservationists fear the chemical could further jeopardize already depleted stocks of fish such as Atlantic bluefin tuna or poison endangered species of turtle . "
( http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2010/m...
BP , of course , can simply ignore the order to ease off its use of chemical dispersants , just like it ignored rules and regulations about drilling for oil in the ocean in the first place .
And that 's the problem here :
When corporations are allowed to run the show , they will inevitably take shortcuts that compromise the health of their customers or the environment .
The same thing is true with Big Pharma , which basically runs the FDA , FTC and CDC .
And yet because it is so incredibly profitable to poison people with dangerous prescription medications , the pharmaceutical industry has the financial influence to dominate the actions of government regulators .
Similarly , the meat and dairy industries basically run the USDA .
That 's why healthy raw milk is being outlawed while pasteurized , processed dead milk is heavily pushed by the USDA ( and the FDA ) .
( https://www.naturalnews.com/028757_raw_milk_F...
Time and time again , powerful corporations corrupt the system and turn it to their own advantage : Military contractors dictate foreign policy .
Monsanto dictates agriculture policy .
Wall Street dictates banking regulations .
And British Petroleum writes its own rules when it comes to offshore drilling .
It 's not even a question of government regulators having too little power , either ... regulators have plenty of power .
It 's just thatrather than to protect the people .
They are purposely avoiding holding corporations responsible for their actions that are destroying our health , our economy and our environment .
For example , if you or I dumped 650,000 gallons of a toxic chemical in the ocean , we'd be arrested and brought up on criminal charges that would probably include " terrorism " charges under the Patriot Act .
But when BP executives do exactly the same thing , nothing happens to them .
No arrests .
No criminal charges .
No consequences .
Heck , you know as well as I do that BP will get off with a slap on the wrist when this is all over .
Every major corporation that commits fraud ( Big Pharma ) , steals from the People ( Goldman Sachs ) or causes an environmental catastrophe ( BP ) gets off virtually scot - free .
Well why is that ?
Why can corporations commit the most heinous crimes imaginable and yet never be held accountable ?
Big Pharma has engaged in so much price fixing fraud , clinical trial fraud and fraudulent marketing that it would make your head spin .
Yet the U.S. government continues to do business with Big Pharma , buying up their dangerous drugs at monopoly prices , even though these companies are essentially .
Read my stories on Merck ( www.NaturalNews.com/Merck.html ) or Pfizer ( www.NaturalNews.com/Pfizer.html ) if you do n't believe me .
It 's justin the corporatocracy known as the United States of America , Inc .
The corporations run this country , and they do whatever they want , regardless of how many people are killed , how many laws are broken or how many miles of coastline are utterly destroyed by chemical contamination .
They operate with utter disregard for anything resembling ethics or honesty .
Corporate greed knows no limits .
If corporate executives could profit another billion dollars by destroying the entire Gulf of Mexico , do you have any doubt they would pursue that course of action ?
Your life has no value to them .
Marine life has no value to them .
The health of the world 's oceans have no value to them .
They only value one thing :
The bottom line profit they can produce at any cost .
British Petroleum = Big Pharma = Big Food = Big Agriculture = the Military Industrial Complex .
It 's all the same , folks .
Do not be surprised that these criminal corporate operators are destroying our planet .
They 've been doing it for generations , and they absolutely will not stop unless
We the People make them stop through force ( by having these people arrested and imprisoned , for example ) .
If youwant to clean up the planet , we should stop tossing chemical dispersants into the Gulfand see how far they can swim when they 're coated with oil .
That would be planetary justice , my friends , and it would send a powerful message that corporate executives who cause harm to the world around them may end up swimming in the very same cesspools of greed they themselves created .
Be sure to check out the CounterThink cartoon about British Petroleum .
It 's one of the more hilarious cartoons we 've ever published .
You can see it at https://www.naturalnews.com/028855_British_Pe... or the new CounterThink cartoon website : www.CounterThink.com
We 've already published over 100 CounterThink cartoons here at NaturalNews , by the way !
See the full collection here : https://www.naturalnews.com/Index-Cartoons.ht...
Realtytrac 's monthly report has an bittersweet outlook for real estate .
Total foreclosures are down 9 % , thanks to improvement in disaster areas like California and Florida .
But 27 states reported rising foreclosures , with major increases in some areas .
Meanwhile , bank repossessions -- the most miserable stage of the foreclosure process -- set a new monthly high in April .
The housing virus is mutating .
It 's hard to say if we 're getting better .
Trainer Alex Larenty plays with Inka the lioness and Latatsi the lion at the Lion Park in Johannesburg .
Alex , 50 , originally from Chipping Norton emigrated to South Africa , and is able to get incredibly close to the big cats .
Having reared many from birth , he is able safely to walk into the middle of the pride and play games while surrounded by the massive predators .
While a stranger trying the same thing would end up as lunch for the animals , Alex uses his unique relationship to get close to the big cats he loves
Credit : MATTHEW TABACCOS / BARCROFT MEDIA
Inside the world of business
THE COMPUTER games industry now rivals Hollywood for size .
And in that € 50 billion - plus a year industry few names are bigger than Electronic Arts .
As such the news that its BioWare subsidiary will establish a European support centre in Galway creating 200 jobs is a major feather in the hat of IDA Ireland .
The country now has a small but significant video games industry .
Activision Blizzard came to Cork in 2007 promising 100 jobs at its European support centre by this year but last year employment had already grown to 600 .
A number of other significant players in online games such as PopCap Games , Gala , GOA and Big Fish Games also have set up shop in Ireland in recent years .
Those operations are largely focused on support and the challenge now will be to add more high - value activities such as product management and ultimately games development .
Havok , an indigenous Trinity College Dublin spinout acquired by Intel for $ 110 million in 2007 , which provides tools to allow developers to create more realistic games , shows that Ireland has the skills to play at the heart of the industry .
Many of the technology multinationals who are central to our economy came here in the 1990s with support operations .
The aim of the IDA and others will be to assist EA and the other games companies to make the same kind of transition .
C&C a moveable feast
C&C HAS gone through a massive shift since it was floated earlier in the decade .
Back then , it mixed drinks and snacks , selling everything from cider and whiskey to crisps and mineral water .
The company will next month enter the final stages of its transformation when it asks shareholders to approve the € 295 million sale of its spirits business , which produces Tullamore Dew , Irish Mist and Carolans , to Scottish distiller William Grant .
It would be surprising if shareholders turned down what looks like a good offer for the division .
If they say yes , the transformation of C&C from a broad - based business to one focused on beer and cider will be complete .
At that stage cider , the Bulmers and Gaymers brands , will account for around 60 per cent of its business , with Tennent ’s beer taking up the rest .
Most of its sales and profits will come from Britain , as will around two - thirds of its production capacity .
There will be fewer reasons for it to stay in Ireland .
In fact there will be only two : it is profitable to remain here ; and Bulmers has a heritage as an Irish cider .
The heritage issue is easily dealt with : while it might be stretching a point to ask consumers to drink Irish whiskey that ’s distilled in Beijing or scotch that ’s distilled near Prague , it ’s not so much of a leap with cider – you ’d get away with sticking “ made to an Irish recipe ” on the bottle .
In any case , a real stickler for heritage would point out the Bulmers recipe originally came from an English company , HP Bulmer , which still controls the brand in Britain , which is why C&C ’s cider is sold as Magners over there .
The profitability issue is far more important .
The good news is that the Clonmel - based cider business is profitable and chief executive John Dunsmore says that the group is focused on building an international business based from Ireland .
But even that commitment comes with the caveat “ as long as Ireland remains competitive ” – which really could mean anything .
Neary set to sing ?
The report of Central Bank governor Patrick Honohan into the performance of the regulatory authorities in the run-up to the financial crisis should make for interesting reading .
Honohan is on schedule to hand over his report to Minister for Finance Brian Lenihan on Monday , though the Cabinet may need time to peruse it before publication .
The Government will also have to digest the other report by banking experts Klaus Regling and Max Watson into the causes of the financial crisis , so it may be early next month before the two reports receive a public airing in a fully disclosed or redacted format .
Together , they will form the basis of a statutory commission of investigation into the crisis .
The roles of former Central Bank governor John Hurley and Financial Regulator chief executive Pat Neary , and the relationship between their organisations in the run-up to the September 2008 financial meltdown , should feature in Honohan ’s report .
Neary has remained a silent figure since his departure in January 2009 over the regulator ’s handling of Seán FitzPatrick ’s hidden loans at Anglo Irish Bank .
Pressure had been mounting since his disastrous appearance on RTÉ’s Prime Timethe previous October when he said the Irish banks had plenty of capital to withstand any losses on property loans .
His early retirement – before the nationalisation of Anglo – meant he avoided probing questions about his supervision of the financial sector and the shocking details that have emerged at the banks over the past 17 months .
Neary may have some fascinating points to make about pressure that was brought on him by a senior establishment figure when the regulator belatedly tried to rein in the banks on speculative lending to developers and 100 per cent mortgages in 2006 .
If and when he sings – potentially to a commission of inquiry – Neary ’s song may strike discordant notes for some listeners in officialdom .
PODCAST :
You can listen to our weekly business podcast at www.irishtimes.com/business/podcast
TODAY :
The Director of Corporate Enforcement will release his 2009 annual report , while Elan will host its agm and the CSO is scheduled to issue trade figures for March .
ONLINE :
For regular commentary on business and economic issues visit our blog , Current Account , at www.irishtimes.com/blogs/business
Twitter users can receive links to the latest business news and blog posts by following us at twitter.com / IrishTimesBiz
Some guy went and built a full - scale functional replica of Batman 's Batpod ( great linking , GW ! ) from The Dark Knight and is selling the thing on eBay starting at a cool $ 100 K .
I want it .
Like , badly .
So badly I 'm even considering selling an organ .
* STAB * One of yours .
This motorcycle was completely hand fabricated and scaled from the original bike for superior accuracy and feel .
The frame and all tubing were built from hardened steel and welded together for an unbelievable rendition of this famous vehicle .
The covers and arm guards , which are formed with high tensile strength fiberglass , hide the actual engine which is a high output 650 cc 4 stroke , water cooled engine with direct port nitrous injection delivering amazing power in a compact shell if it were ever needed .
The front and rear tires measure 508 millimeters across and it is outfitted with grappling hooks , grenade launchers , and 50 caliber machine guns for those traffic jams on the freeway .
( No ... they do n't really work . )
The pod has never been ridden on the street but has been tested in a controlled environment .
This one - off custom would be the perfect addition for the collector who has it all , or for a museum piece that will draw a crowd like nothing else .
The " Pod " took several months to build including 2 months of intense research and over 1000 manhours of labor to bring about a vehicle like no other on this planet .
Please note that this vehicle is not street legal , however , at the buyers request it could be made street legal for a nominal fee .
ZOMG
I would ride the hell out of that thing , I do n't even care if it 's street legal .
And I 'm not just saying that so I could finally wear my , " If you can read this Robin fell off and I miss his wiener by my butt " shirt either , but it is collecting dust in the closet .
Hit the jump for a bunch more pics , including some with chicks in bikinis -- just like real motorcycle magazines !
e Bay Auction ( with even more pictures )
and
Build Page ( with even MORE pictures , plus videos ! )
Thanks to ray , Stephen , Batman and Red Five , who
We ’re excited to announce that Osmos has been successfully absorbed by Linux , and is now available !
Our newly initiated , one - man Linux warrior , Mr David Burke , has done an amazingly quick and solid job on the port , and it ’s been running smoothly on a wide variety of Linux distributions and machines .
( Big thanks to all our beta testers ! )
Check out our FAQ for a list of Linux distributions that Osmos has been confirmed to run on .
Or , if you ’re unsure , download the free demo ( in .deb , .rpm , or .tar. gz form ) here .
As always , Osmos is DRM - free .
In terms of hardware specifications , the game has been tested on all sorts of machines .
Dave ’s primary laptop is actually a four year - old Core 2 Duo with on - board Intel graphics , and he made sure the game would perform well on low - end machines .
For the record , though , here are our “ official ” minimum Linux requirements :
Processor : 1.0 GHz
Memory : 512 MB RAM
Video card : any hardware supporting OpenGL
Sound card : no special hardware required ; any driver supporting OpenAL
As for input , the best Osmos experience is to play with a 3 - button mouse ; but we ’ve made sure it plays well with just a trackpad and keyboard for all the laptop folk out there .
( Check the in - game control menu for details . )
For those of you who have already purchased Osmos from Hemisphere , the Linux version is already yours — just follow the link in your original purchase email .
( We ’ll send you all a new one in the next day or two in case you ’ve lost it . )
And for new players , we ’re still offering our $ 10 - deal for all three ( PC + Mac + Linux ) versions together .
Still to come …
1 ) Dave plans to write a post - mortem on his experience with doing the Linux port .
Expect to hear his thoughts and feelings ( and possibly gripes ) on the subject in the next week or so .
2 ) This port is also an experiment for us as a studio .
Specifically , is it worth porting games to Linux ?
We hope the answer is yes , but we ’ll find out soon enough .
And you will too .
We plan to publish statistics on our sales and downloads on all three platforms in about a month ’s time .
Thanks , and happy Osmoting ! :)
- The Hemisphere Team
Editor 's note : Junichi Sato is the Greenpeace Japan program director , overseeing advocacy efforts for the international environmental organization 's Japanese branch .
( CNN ) --
After just two days of closed - door negotiations , the leaders who had gathered at the International Whaling Commission in Agadir , Morocco , announced no agreement was reached on the IWC chair 's proposal to improve whale conservation .
Greenpeace did not support the proposal , but we had hoped governments would change it to become an agreement to end whaling , not a recipe for continuing it .
It is particularly disappointing to me , because my professional commitment to end the whale hunt in my country of Japan -- which led to the exposure of an embezzlement scandal at the heart of the whaling industry -- has come at significant personal cost .
The investigation I conducted with my colleague , Toru Suzuki , led to our arrests in front of banks of media outlets who had been told about it in advance .
The homes of Greenpeace office and staff members were raided .
Seventy - five police officers were deployed to handcuff two peaceful activists .
We were held without charge for 23 days ; questioned for up to 10 hours a day while tied to chairs and without a lawyer present .
We are now out on bail awaiting verdict and sentencing , expected in early September .
If I can risk my future to bring the fraudulent Japanese hunt to an end , if whaling whistle - blowers are prepared to risk their lives to expose the corruption , how can it be that the IWC has yet again failed to take the political risk to pressure my government to end the scientific whaling sham ?
Since the IWC 's moratorium on commercial whaling came into force in 1986 , Japan has continued to hunt whales under the guise of " scientific research , " making a mockery of the moratorium .
By claiming that slaughtering thousands of whales , in waters designated a whale sanctuary no less , is a scientific experiment needed to understand whales , Japan has violated the spirit and intention of the moratorium as well as the Southern Ocean Whaling Sanctuary .
Iceland and Norway have simply ignored the moratorium .
Those two nations , together with Japan , have killed more than 30,000 whales since then .
I have always opposed my country 's hunt , which is why I decided to join Greenpeace .
While it may be an emotionally charged political issue outside Japan , domestically it barely causes a political ripple .
In 2006 , Greenpeace decided to focus the bulk of its anti-whaling campaign in Japan to bring the issue home .
Wholly funded by Japanese taxpayers , the whaling program has produced no peer - reviewed scientific research and has been repeatedly told by the IWC that the so - called research is not needed or wanted .
All it has produced is a massive bill for the taxpayers and tons of surplus whale meat that the Japanese public does not want to eat .
It has also produced endless rumors and allegations of corruption and mismanagement .
Two years ago , following a tip from three former whalers turned whistle - blowers , my colleagues at Greenpeace Japan and I began a public interest investigation and discovered that indeed , corruption runs deep .
All three whalers claimed that whale meat was routinely embezzled , with the full knowledge of government and whaling fleet operator officials .
Greenpeace eventually intercepted one of nearly 100 suspicious boxes coming off the ships .
Although its contents were labeled as cardboard , 23.5 kilograms of prime whale meat were inside , destined for a private address .
On May 15 , 2008 , we handed over the box to the authorities , with additional evidence of the crime .
Initially the Tokyo district prosecutor began to investigate .
But we were eventually charged with trespass and theft of the whale meat , valued at nearly 60,000 yen ( about $ 550 at the time ) .
We face from 18 months up to 10 years in jail for exposing the truth behind an industry that is financially , morally and scientifically bankrupt .
The U.N. 's Human Rights Council on Arbitary Detention has ruled that our human rights have been breached and the prosecution is politically motivated .
The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights has expressed her concern about our case .
Amnesty International , Transparency International , two Nobel Peace Prize laureates , countless international legal experts , politicians and more than half a million individuals have raised their voices in opposition to the prosecution .
We will be tried and sentenced in September , more than two years after we first exposed the corruption .
But the scandal does not end there .
Just last week , more allegations emerged that Japan engages in vote - buying and bribery to keep its whaling fleet in the water .
And yet , the IWC continues to close its doors and ears to the reality of Japan 's commercial whaling .
I came to Morocco in the hope that this , the International Year of Biodiversity , could mean an end to all commercial whaling , but I leave knowing that governments are only interested in taking strong public positions on whales but not in taking action to save them , not even behind closed doors .
Mine and Toru 's political prosecution is a clear sign that Japan has no intention of easily letting go of its debt - ridden whaling program .
There are too many vested interests inside the government .
That is not surprising .
What is more disappointing is that those vested interests have gone unchallenged by the IWC , the body set up to conserve whales .
It may be surprising that in this day and age , and given the huge public interest in the issue , conversations about saving whales are held in secret .
But the truth is that Japan 's whaling program relies on secrecy and corruption to stay afloat .
After two years of negotiations , this year 's meeting could have been an opportunity for the IWC to actually move forward and end the status quo .
But its collective failure means that 24 years after the establishment of the moratorium on commercial whaling , Japan , Iceland and Norway will continue again to hunt whales with impunity .
I challenge the commission to throw open its doors and shine a spotlight on the corruption that is so evident , investigate all the allegations affecting the IWC that have been laid clearly before it on numerous occasions and realize that it is not only Japan 's international reputation that has been tainted by the failure in Agadir .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Junichi Sato .
Philip Levine – Using my head in creative ways
Latest projects
Latest projects
Keep up to date on Philip ’s work and thoughts
Keep up to date on Philip ’s work and thoughts
Find out more
Find out more
See the head in action !
1 Latest projects 2
Keep up to date on Philip ’s work and thoughts 3
Find out more 4
See the head in action !
I am Philip Levine , an artist : my head is my canvas .
Through my work including live performance , workshops , talks and art displays , I aim to inspire and encourage you to turn what could be perceived as a negative – in my case going bald at an early age – into a positive through creativity and self expression .
Art at its best is naturally collaborative , engages with community and gives back to society .
Welcome and enjoy exploring my website .
Hundreds of miles inland from the booming real estate markets of Beijing and Shanghai , an unlikely property fever is gripping this middling industrial outpost .
Rows of half - completed apartment buildings rise over former farmland , each crowned with yellow construction cranes that seem to outnumber trees in parts of this dusty city of 5 million residents .
Taxi drivers boast of owning multiple flats for investment .
Billboards hawk developments with names such as Villa Glorious and Rich Country .
Frenzied crowds pack sales events with bags of cash , buying units that exist only on blueprints .
Average home values in Hefei soared 50 % last year .
China ’s real estate rush , once confined to a handful of leading cities , has spilled into the hinterlands with a ferocity reminiscent of American expansion into exurbs like the Inland Empire .
In a country that economists say is treading dangerously close to a full - blown property bubble , Hefei represents more evidence of China ’s headlong embrace of housing to power economic growth .
“ The situation in Hefei is a symbol of the craziness in China ’s real estate market , ” said Cao Jianhai , a professor of economics at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , a government think tank .
“ Prices in second - and third - tier cities are increasing more dramatically than in the first tier .
It ’s very dangerous , and it puts local banks at risk . ”
With land increasingly difficult to secure in the most coveted cities , developers are turning to lesser - known destinations in China .
Local officials eager to generate revenue through leases and development fees , and to meet growth targets set by the central government , are quick to grant permits .
Hefei , a provincial capital in central China ’s impoverished Anhui province , has swallowed swaths of countryside , toppled parts of its city center and relocated thousands of residents to feed a growing appetite for new residential property .
All this in a city where many residents are barely a generation removed from working the fields .
The average annual income here is $ 2,000 .
The local economy centers on home - appliance manufacturing .
There are few tourists .
Occupants of some of the coming high rises will have little to view but flat fields in the smoggy distance and a man-made pond ambitiously named Swan Lake .
“ No one had any idea real estate would get this hot here , ” said Huang Qingyuan , a sales agent for one of Hefei ’s most expensive housing estates — they go for about $ 120,000 per apartment .
While pricey by local standards , that ’s still a fraction of what homes cost in the capital .
That ’s why buyers continue to pour in from across the region , accumulating apartments as a hedge against inflation in a nation where there are few investment alternatives .
More residential units were sold here the first three months of 2010 than in Beijing or Shanghai — cities four times the size of Hefei .
Among the new developments is Binhu Century City , a massive complex just north of the airport .
Nearly 200 apartment towers are being erected over what used to be fields of vegetables , rice and cotton .
When completed next year , the development will house 80,000 people and feature a 4.3 - million - square - foot shopping mall .
Residents will be connected by a new elevated highway , and plans are afoot to build a subway and high - speed rail .
Xi Zhou , a cameraman for a local news channel , paid $ 50,000 for his 900 - square - foot unit in December .
He figures it ’s now worth $ 80,000 .
He ’s so anxious to take possession that he visited Binhu ’s sales office on a recent weekday to gaze at his property in a plastic diorama of the complex .
All but 100 of the 24,000 units have been sold .
“ For people of my generation , property is all we talk about , ” said Xi , 27 , who will share the new home with his wife and parents .
“ I felt a lot of pressure to buy because the longer I did n’t , the more likely I would n’t be able to afford anything . ”
China ’s central government is taking steps to cool the market .
This month , lawmakers raised down - payment requirements for the purchase of second homes and gave banks new powers to restrict lending to speculators .
Capital gains and monthly property taxes are being considered .
Still , economists say pushing back too far could squelch a sector that ’s creating jobs and filling government coffers .
Local governments and developers are “ perfectly happy to ride this out , ” said Patrick Chovanec , a professor at Tsinghua University in Beijing .
“ There ’s no other source of revenue to rely on .
But it ’s like they ’re on a treadmill .
Real estate is not a renewable resource .
They ’ve got to sell more at increasingly higher prices . ”
It seems that little can slow charging growth in cities like Hefei in the near term .
Officials are investing billions to speed up urbanization in the country ’s interior .
Few may need it more than Anhui province , a major source of China ’s migrant labor and home to farmers whose desperate existence was the subject of Pearl S. Buck ’s novel “ The Good Earth . ”
About 15 % of the city ’s residents are now estimated to be construction workers .
Roads are pocked with potholes left by the steady crush of trucks carrying raw materials .
Building sites often encroach onto busy streets , prompting impatient drivers to swerve onto sidewalks and cut across city parks .
“ I ’ll take one route in the morning and by the afternoon it ’s already changed , ” said Hu Bin , a taxi driver .
For the local government , it ’s a small price to pay for the city ’s mad march from backwater to metropolis .
“ The consequence of the development will be shared with the people , ” reads a road sign posted on a downtown highway .
Many Hefei residents are as obsessed with real estate news as Angelenos are .
One of the most popular radio programs here is an afternoon talk show called “ Blossom Real Estate . ”
Some prospective buyers get half a dozen text messages a day on their cellphones from developers advertising new properties .
Apartments are opened with great fanfare , with outdoor concerts in malls .
“ Everyone in Hefei lives with the real estate industry , ” said Guo Hongbing , a marketing consultant for several developers .
“ You ca n’t escape it . ”
The Hefei native gave visitors a tour of Mediterranean - style condominiums that would have been right at home in Orange County were it not for laundry drying on most residents ’ balconies ( Chinese tend to shun dryers because of high energy costs ) .
All the properties had been sold , and Guo was interested in estimating how many were left empty by investors .
His unscientific method ?
Looking for curtains .
“ See , less than half that building is occupied , ” he said , pointing to one block with several bare windows .
“ These speculators want to buy as many as possible . ”
Many of Hefei ’s longtime residents still struggle to comprehend the changes .
Dai Fangping lives near the city center with her husband in a red brick row house whose neighboring units have all been gutted to make way for a wider road .
“ Things used to be really good , ” said Dai , who was born in the same house 50 years ago .
“ Kids used to play outside , neighbors used to pop in .
Now I ’m scared to go outside .
I used to know all the roads , but now I get lost sometimes . ”
Dai said she expects relocation officials to knock on her door any day to tell her she has to pack and leave .
Her only hope is qualifying for some form of compensation that can help with rent .
Buying real estate now is impossible .
“ We really do n’t know where we ’d go , ” she said .
“ We ’ve never felt this kind of financial pressure before . ”
david.pierson@latimes.com
Nicole Liu from The Times ’ Beijing bureau contributed to this report .
Carrie Schechter
Everything about Debrahlee Lorenzana is hot .
Even her name sizzles .
At five - foot - six and 125 pounds , with soft eyes and flawless bronze skin , she is J.Lo curves meets Jessica Simpson rack meets Audrey Hepburn elegance — a head - turning beauty .
In many ways , the story of her life has been about getting attention from men — both the wanted and the unwanted kind .
But when she got fired last summer from her job as a banker at a Citibank branch in Midtown — her bosses cited her work performance — she got even hotter .
She sued Citigroup , claiming that she was fired solely because her bosses thought she was too hot .
This is the way Debbie Lorenzana tells it :
Her bosses told her they could n’t concentrate on their work because her appearance was too distracting .
They ordered her to stop wearing turtlenecks .
She was also forbidden to wear pencil skirts , three - inch heels , or fitted business suits .
Lorenzana , a 33 - year - old single mom , pointed out female colleagues whose clothing was far more revealing than hers :
“ They said their body shapes were different from mine , and I drew too much attention , ” she says .
As Lorenzana ’s lawsuit puts it , her bosses told her that “ as a result of the shape of her figure , such clothes were purportedly ‘ too distracting ’ for her male colleagues and supervisors to bear . ”
“ Men are kind of drawn to her , ” says Tanisha Ritter , a friend and former colleague who also works as a banker and praises Lorenzana ’s work habits .
“ I ’ve seen men turn into complete idiots around her .
But it ’s not her fault that they act this way , and it should n’t be her problem . ”
Because Citibank made Lorenzana sign a mandatory - arbitration clause as a condition of her employment , the case will never end up before a jury or judge .
An arbitrator will decide .
Citibank officials wo n’t comment on the suit .
Her attorney , Jack Tuckner , who calls himself a “ sex- positive ” women ’s - rights lawyer , is the first one to say his client is a babe .
But so what ?
For him , it all boils down to self - control .
“ It ’s like saying , ” Tuckner argues , “ that we ca n’t think anymore ’ cause our penises are standing up — and we cannot think about you except in a sexual manner — and we ca n’t look at you without wanting to have sexual intercourse with you .
And it ’s up to you , gorgeous woman , to lessen your appeal so that we can focus ! ”
This is n’t your typical sexual - harassment lawsuit , if there is such a thing .
For one thing , such suits often claim that women are coerced into looking more sexy or are subjected to being pawed .
Lorenzana claims that her bosses basically told her she was just too attractive .
And when she raised hell and refused to do anything about it — as if there was anything she really could do about it — she lost her job .
Debbie Lorenzana — whose mother is Puerto Rican and father is Italian — came to New York from Puerto Rico 12 years ago .
She was 21 and pregnant , and had a degree as an emergency medical technician from a technical college in Manatí , a small city on the northern coast .
The father , she says , did n’t want to have anything to do with her or the baby .
So she moved back to the States , where she had lived in her mid-teens ( pinballing between relatives ’ houses and group homes ) , and took care of her elderly grandparents in Connecticut .
After her son was born , she moved to Queens to stay with a friend .
Then she got her first job in finance : working as a sales representative at the Municipal Credit Union , in 2002 .
She moved to Jersey City and worked long hours .
She was successful .
In April 2003 , the Municipal Credit Union named her its sales rep of the month .
On the other hand , she says , a manager once called her into his office to ask her opinion of a photograph .
The picture he called up on his computer was of his penis .
She complained about the incident .
In her June 2003 resignation letter — written just two months after she was honored as a top employee — she wrote , “ Due to the complaint I made regarding sexual harassment , my work environment has become hostile , painful , and unbearable . ”
She moved on to other jobs in the financial - services industry .
After a stint selling health insurance to immigrants at Metropolitan Hospital in Queens , the hospital cited her in November 2003 for “ providing world - class customer service ” and for being the number one enroller in the office .
In August 2006 , the district managers at Bank of America gave her a Customer Higher Standards Award on diploma paper , on which they wrote : “ Debrahlee : You deserve to be recognized for going above and beyond . ”
She says she loved to work , and eventually was earning close to $ 70,000 a year .
“ My ex-boyfriend says it ’s my Spic pride , ” she says .
“ As long as I have two hands and two legs , and can still walk , I will always work , so my son will have a roof over his head and food . ”
And she will be well - dressed .
Lorenzana is , by her own admission , a shopaholic .
She shops for her work clothes at Zara , but when she has money , she says , she spends it on designer clothes .
She has five closets full of Burberry , Hermès , Louis Vuitton , and Roberto Cavalli .
In her son ’s closet , there ’s a row of tiny Lacoste , Dolce & Gabbana , and Ralph Lauren T - shirts .
She says her love of fine clothes is a result of her growing up poor — she recalls running a high school marathon barefoot because she could n’t afford sneakers .
Lorenzana left the workplace to get married , but that relationship went sour after a brief time , and in September 2008 , she was ready to go back to work .
It was the height of the Wall Street crisis , but she lucked out .
She got an interview with Citibank for a job at its recently opened branch in the Chrysler Building .
At the interview , she recalls , she wore a black Armani wrap dress and simple Christian Louboutin pumps .
( The dress was form - fitting and tight in the bust :
She says one size up would have been too big for her . )
She remembers that the branch manager , Craig Fisher , was polite , asking her about strategies for acquiring new business and whether she had other job offers .
Since she already had an offer from Washington Mutual , Fisher proposed a salary of $ 70,000 with three weeks ’ vacation , she says .
Her job title was business banker , providing services to small businesses .
There were three business bankers at the Chrysler Building branch ; Lorenzana was the only woman .
When she started the job , she says , a colleague told her that the branch was “ pretty much known for hiring pretty girls , ” and that she knew Lorenzana was going to be hired from the moment she came in for her interview .
“ So here I am , ” Lorenzana recalls , “ thinking I got hired because of my capabilities , and now you ’re telling me it ’s because of my physical appearance ?
Oh , great . ”
However , she liked the job , the pay , and the prospects for advancement .
For the first two months , she says , she was hardly in the office — she was either out drumming up business or attending training sessions .
But once she started spending more time in the office , things began to go downhill .
Interviews and her lawsuit , which was filed in November 2009 , tell her story : Fisher and another manager , Peter Claibourne , started making offhanded comments about her appearance , she says .
She was told not to wear fitted business suits .
She should wear makeup because she looked sickly without it .
( She had purposefully stopped wearing makeup in hopes of attracting less attention . )
Once , she recalls , she came in to work without having blow - dried her hair straight — it is naturally curly — and Fisher told a female colleague to pass on a message that she should n’t come into work without straightening it .
Other problems also popped up .
In order to provide services to a client , a banker needs to become certified to do things like open a checking account or take a loan application .
Lorenzana says
Fisher did n’t send her to enough of the required training sessions , which meant she was n’t authorized to do something as simple as order a debit card for a client and was forced to rely on her colleagues for favors .
“ When I complained , ” Lorenzana says , “ Craig would say , ‘ Just go ahead and bring in new business . ’
So I went out every day and looked for business . ”
But then , she says , when clients would come into the branch asking for her — or would fax papers to the branch with her name on them —
Fisher would give those hard - won accounts to male colleagues .
In late 2008 , she recalls , the two managers called her into Fisher ’s office .
She remembers that she was wearing a red camisole , beige pants , and a navy suit jacket .
This is how she tells it : “ They said , ‘ Deb , we need to talk to you about your work attire …
Your pants are too tight . ’
I said , ‘ I ’m sorry , my pants are not too tight !
If you want to talk about inappropriate clothes , go downstairs and look at some of the tellers ! ’ ”
Citibank does have a dress - code policy , which says clothing must not be provocative , but does not go into specifics , and managers have wide discretion .
But Lorenzana points out that , unlike her , some of the tellers dressed in miniskirts and low - cut blouses .
“ And when they bend down , ” Lorenzana says , “ anyone can see what God gave them ! ”
Then the managers gave her a list of clothing items she would not be allowed to wear : turtlenecks , pencil skirts , and fitted suits .
And three - inch heels .
“ As a result of her tall stature , coupled with her curvaceous figure , ” her suit says , Lorenzana was told “ she should not wear classic high - heeled business shoes , as this purportedly drew attention to her body in a manner that was upsetting to her easily distracted male managers . ”
“ I could n’t believe what I was hearing , ” Lorenzana recalls .
“ I said , ‘ You gotta be kidding me ! ’
I was like , ‘ Too distracting ?
For who ?
For you ?
My clients do n’t seem to have any problem . ’ ”
The managers instructed her to wear looser clothing .
Lorenzana refused .
“ I do n’t have the money to buy a new wardrobe , ” she says , referring to her work outfits .
“ I shop where everyone else shops — at Zara ! ” Lorenzana recalls leaving the meeting feeling humiliated .
Other female employees “ were able to wear such clothing because they were short , overweight , and they did n’t draw much attention , ” she later wrote in a letter describing the meeting to Human Resources , “ but since I was five - foot - six , 125 pounds , with a figure , it was n’t ‘ appropriate . ’ ” She was also furious .
“ Are you saying that just because I look this way genetically , that this should be a curse for me ? ”
That same afternoon , she says , she called Human Resources .
“ I felt it was inappropriate for two male managers to pull me aside like that , ” she says .
“ I felt they were attacking me .
In most places , if you are going to address a woman about anything that has to do with her personal appearance , you want to address it with a female employee there . ”
In the weeks that followed , Lorenzana says she called HR up to three or four times a day .
An e-mail , she says , finally brought action : A human resources manager named Morgan Putman came to the branch in January and interviewed employees .
Lorenzana says she had taken two pictures of female colleagues to show HR officials .
One was of a woman wearing a grayish — and very short — silk dress .
The other was of a woman wearing leather boots with three - inch spike heels .
“ Some tellers would wear their pants so tight , it was like they had a permanent wedgie , ” says Lorenzana .
“ It was totally inappropriate . ”
After the HR visit , she says , things got markedly worse .
Lorenzana says her bosses made incessant comments about her clothes .
She tried to dress down in ways that did n’t involve clothes — pulling her hair back , coming to work some days without makeup , but it did n’t make a difference .
“ I could have worn a paper bag , and it would not have mattered , ” she says .
“ If it was n’t my shirt , it was my pants .
If it was n’t my pants , it was my shoes .
They picked on me every single day . ”
Still , she continued to dress up for work — her brand of femininity is also cultural .
“ Where I ’m from , ” she says , switching into Spanish to explain it , “ women dress up — like put on makeup and do their nails — to go to the supermarket .
And I ’m not talking trashy , you know , like in the Heights .
I was raised very Latin , you know ?
We ’re feminine .
A woman in Puerto Rico takes care of herself .
The Puerto Rican women here put down our flag . ”
According to court documents and her letters to HR , Lorenzana continued to ask for more training sessions , but did n’t get them .
Meanwhile , clients whose business she had drummed up were being handed off to her colleagues .
An April 2009 quarterly report showed that she was behind the other business bankers in monthly sales credits .
On June 24 , she received a letter saying that she was being put on final notice , that she was bringing in too little business .
But there was something strange about the letter , which was signed by Craig Fisher , and which put her on probation for six months .
The letter said she had come in late on June 6 and 7 .
This struck her as odd .
She looked at the dates .
They were a Saturday and a Sunday — the branch was closed on those days .
In addition to raising the issue of her bosses ’ unfairly giving her business to colleagues , she pointed out those incorrect dates to Human Resources .
One day in late spring 2009 , Lorenzana says , Craig Fisher told her to move some files into storage in the basement from the second floor .
The previous day , she recalled , a male colleague had been given the same instructions , and because there were a lot of heavy files , he came into work in flip - flops and jeans .
So she brought in flip - flops .
But Fisher told her that she had to take off the flip - flops and wear high heels while moving the heavy , paper - filled boxes , her suit alleges .
The high - heels incident infuriated her , she says .
She was getting worn down .
On June 25 , at 3:30 p.m. , she sent a long - winded e-mail to two regional vice presidents whom she had never met , bypassing Morgan Putman at Human Resources .
It was the kind of e-mail that could have used a proofreader , one a lawyer might advise a client not to send without some serious editing .
( English is not her first language . )
But she summed up her experiences with Fisher and Claibourne well and talked about “ the cruelty of a hostile work environment , ” where she was harassed “ on a daily basis . ”
She ended by writing that “ Mr. Fisher stated he is good friends with lots of people in the organization giving me … reason to believe that nothing will happen to correct the situation going on at branch 357 .
I have requested for the second time a transfer …
I came to Citibank with high expectations .
Please I just want to work in a fair work environment where everyone is equal .
Thank you in advance for your attention in this matter . ”
The VPs never responded in writing , but she sent follow - up e-mails in which she continued to report incidents at work .
Less than a month after her June 25 e-mail , she was transferred to a Citibank branch at Rockefeller Center .
The way she looked or dressed did n’t draw any comments there , she says , but that branch did n’t need another business banker .
In mid-July , she e-mailed Morgan Putman , thanking her for the transfer , but pointing out that she was working as a telemarketer , which was n’t her job title .
In August , her manager at the Rockefeller Center branch — a woman — sat her down and fired her .
The female manager mentioned the problems related to her clothing at the previous branch .
She did not mention work performance , Lorenzana says .
The manager said she was sorry , but Lorenzana was n’t fit for the culture of Citibank .
“ It ’s so tiring , ” Lorenzana tells the Voice .
“ My entire life , I ’ve been dealing with this .
‘ Cause people say , ‘ Oh , you got a job because you look that way . ’
So you gotta work four times harder to prove you are capable .
To prove you did n’t get this because of the way you look .
First , I ’m a woman , then I ’m an immigrant , and I have my accent .
At Citibank , when they were picking on me for every little thing , I could n’t take it anymore ! ”
After she was fired , she became depressed and began panicking about how she would afford her car payments and rent , and she applied for unemployment .
Last Christmas , she and her son skipped gift - giving .
Meanwhile , she continues to receive unwanted attention .
She says she gets hit on constantly and walks on the street as if she were wearing body armor : forward and straight , avoiding everyone ’s gaze .
“ If being less good - looking , ” she says , “ means being happy and finding love and not being sexually harassed and having a job where no one bothers you and no one questions you because of your looks , then , definitely , I ’d want that .
I think of that every day . ”
In preparation for the lawsuit , lawyer Jack Tuckner had a professional photographer shoot her in various work outfits in his office near Wall Street .
There ’s nothing wrong with the clothes — they ’re proper business attire .
And there ’s nothing wrong with Lorenzana , who looks really , really good in them .
Obviously , that should n’t have anything to do with how she ’s judged in the workplace .
But things may not be so clear when the case goes into arbitration .
The practice of making employees , as a condition of employment , opt out of their right to sue the company is a common corporate strategy .
Under the city ’s Human Rights Law , she has to prove that “ it ’s more likely than not ” that Citibank created a discriminatory and hostile work environment based on gender .
She must demonstrate that she was treated differently based on her sartorial choices as a female and that she was fired in close proximity to her complaints of being treated differently .
Citibank also has a burden of proof : that it specifically did not create a hostile work environment based on her sex and that it fired her for legitimate , non-discriminatory reasons .
Lorenzana can rely on her testimony , her letters to HR , and the testimony of witnesses .
Citibank can point to its disciplinary action — the final notice letter — but the letter punishes her for being late on days the bank was n’t even open .
( That ’s the only disciplinary paper trail the Voice is aware of in this case . )
Lorenzana could prevail on either or both of these issues : a hostile work environment or retaliation .
Tuckner says that in his experience with gender - discrimination cases , juries tend to be more sympathetic than arbitrators , if only because the typical arbitrator is a middle - aged man .
There ’s always the possibility that he ’ll be too distracted by Lorenzana to focus on the evidence .
San Francisco 's hidden truth is out .
That 's what community organizer Carol Mo calls the realization that Asian residents are being targeted for robberies , burglaries and intimidation by young black men .
" It is San Francisco 's dirty little secret , " said Mo , a former Safety Network Community organizer in the Sunset District .
" It 's not news to us . "
Hundreds of people marched into Tuesday 's Board of Supervisors meeting to express their fear , frustration and outrage .
But so far the response has been disappointing , particularly from the San Francisco Police Department .
It seems intent on downplaying the role of race and its impact in the community .
The recent incidents of black violence against Asians is the perfect opportunity to open a dialogue about racism .
Instead , they are attempting to close the door .
City officials , including the Police Department , say these assaults are part of a larger crime picture where gangs of kids take advantage of a vulnerable group of small stature .
But Mo participated in a 2008 survey by the Police Department in which about 300 strong - arm robberies were analyzed .
" In 85 percent of the physical assault crimes , the victims were Asian and the perpetrators were African American , " she said .
The squeamishness city officials are experiencing about confronting those numbers does n't reflect well on anyone .
No one is saying the entire African American community is violent .
But ignoring the legitimate anger and frustration from Asians is disingenuous and unfair .
" We love San Francisco , " said the Rev. Norman Fong , a Presbyterian minister .
" And we do n't want to do anything to divide the communities .
But at the same time , our community is hurting and we feel like our voices are not being heard . "
Now that the Asian community has found its voice , city leaders must listen and respond .
What should be done ?
Here are a few suggestions :
-- Understand the underlying conflict :
This is n't just about stealing iPods .
There 's a deep divide between the two communities .
Edward Chang , who lectures on civil unrest and race relations at UC Riverside , has studied the contentious history of Korean - African American relations in Los Angeles when Korean store owners moved into black neighborhoods .
" There was this sense of being invaded by someone else , " Chang said .
" There was a sense of needing to protect and defend their turf . "
Another factor is the way the two cultures are perceived .
Lee Mun Wah , a Berkeley - based documentary filmmaker and diversity trainer for large corporations , said there is resentment over how Asians are seen as " the favored minority . "
" We are pitted against each other , " Wah said .
" African Americans sometimes say , ' We did all the work in civil rights , and they get all the benefits . ' "
-- Create a dialogue : As Chang said , " In order to build trust , you must do things together . "
Wah suggests hiring black employees in Asian stores .
Board of Supervisors President David Chiu is pushing a summer program to hire black and Asian youths to work together in community patrols .
-- Speak up :
Chiu thinks the language barrier is a huge part of the reason Asian victims do no report crimes .
He stresses the need for multilingual police officers .
But the Chinese community also needs to overcome its reticence to go to the police .
They are only making themselves more vulnerable by being seen , as one officer put it , as " silent , vulnerable and unwilling to fight back . "
-- Listen to Mrs. Cheng :
The 52 - year - old woman was attacked March 22 when a 15 - year - old boy allegedly threw her off the Muni platform at Third Street and Oakdale Avenue .
She was injured , but she says she does n't want retribution .
" This is my simple request , " she wrote in an e-mail with the help of an interpreter .
" That we can all live safely in our own homes without being burglarized .
I feel ashamed that this horrible bad luck has happened to me .
I only hope that my bad luck will fend off future bad luck situations for other people . "
And then she added one more thought .
" My neighbor is black , " she said .
" Though we can't communicate much , he is a good person and a good friend .
He often jokes that he would teach me English and I Chinese to him . "
That would be a great start - two people talking .
Göttingen Drei Tote bei Explosion einer Fliegerbombe
Ein Blindgänger aus dem Zweiten Weltkrieg hat in Göttingen drei Menschen das Leben gekostet .
Die Fliegerbombe detonierte , bevor Einsatzkräfte mit der Entschärfung beginnen konnten .
Die Polizei hat den Unglücksort weiträumig abgesperrt , auch der Bahnverkehr kam am Abend zum Erliegen .
Israel 1956 .
Rachel , a Jew , rather unexpectedly meets an old friend at the kibbutz where she is working as a teacher .
It brings back memories of her experiences in The Netherlands during the war , memories of betrayal .
September 1944 .
Rachel is in trouble when her hiding place is bombed by allied troops .
She gets in contact with a man from the resistance and joins a group of Jews who are to be smuggled across the Biesbosch by boat to the freed South Netherlands .
Germans from a patrol boat murder them all however .
Only Rachel is able to escape .
She is rescued by a resistance group under the leadership of Gerben Kuipers .
When Kuipers ' son is captured after trying to smuggle weapons , he asks Rachel to seduce SS - hauptsturmführer Ludwig Müntze .
Soon she will find out the attack in the Biesbosch was n't a coincidence .
Written by Arnoud Tiele ( imdb@tiele.nl )
Baltasar Garzon has denied that he broke the law Spain 's most high - profile judge , Baltasar Garzon , faces trial on charges of overreaching his powers by launching an inquiry into the Franco regime .
In 2008 Mr Garzon opened the probe - later shelved - into atrocities committed during the four - decade rule of General Francisco Franco .
A magistrate ruled on Wednesday that he had acted without jurisdiction .
Mr Garzon is famous for targeting international figures including Augusto Pinochet and Osama Bin Laden .
The case against Mr Garzon followed complaints by several Spanish right - wing groups .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
They claimed he had knowingly exceeded his official remit in launching an investigation into tens of thousands of disappearances during Spain 's 1936 - 1939 Civil War and under the Franco regime that followed .
Mr Garzon had ordered the immediate exhumation of civil war - era mass graves .
' Artificial arguments '
In February , Supreme Court investigating magistrate Luciano Varela ruled that Mr Garzon had ignored a 1977 amnesty that covers crimes committed during the civil war .
GARZON'S FAMOUS CASES Campaigned for extradition of former Chilean military ruler Gen Augusto Pinochet from UK to Spain over human rights abuses in 1998 .
Request turned down on health grounds Charged Osama Bin Laden over 9/11 attacks in 2003 Tried unsuccessfully to prosecute Italian politician Silvio Berlusconi on charges of tax fraud and breaching anti-trust laws in Spain through stake in Spanish TV company Telecinco
Profile : Judge Baltasar Garzon
The amnesty law pardoned politically motivated crimes committed by both sides .
By guaranteeing that the past would not be raked over , it underpinned Spain 's delicate transition from dictatorship to democracy , correspondents say .
Mr Garzon appealed against the ruling .
But on Wednesday , Mr Varela asserted that Mr Garzon had been aware of his lack of jurisdiction due to the amnesty law .
" Conscious of his lack of jurisdiction ... he constructed artificial arguments to justify his control of the penal proceedings , " he said in a written ruling .
Gonzalo Martinez - Fresneda , a lawyer for Mr Garzon , said the judge would probably be suspended from his post at the national court in the next few days and that a trial could start as early as June .
Mr Garzon , who is highly popular among the Spanish political left and international human rights campaigners , has strongly denied that he broke the law .
He has been supported by the International Commission of Jurists .
" If this trial goes ahead , it will be the first time that we know of where a judge , who is trying to reach truth , justice and reparation for over 100,000 people who disappeared , is tried , " said Esteban Beltran , director of the Spanish branch of Amnesty International .
But some on the right accuse Mr Garzon of launching cases that are politcally motivated .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fred says :
Memehacker , and composer Mike Rugnetta just received a note from the collecting society ASCAP soliciting funds to fight Creative Commons , Public Knowledge , and the EFF .
According to ASCAP , these organizations are mobilizing to undermine ASCAP members ' copyrights because they want all music to be free .
Which , if you know anything about the kind of nuanced reform work these organizations do , is a pretty gross exaggeration .
The letter reads like a McCarthy - era scaremongering pitch to solicit funds from composers and musicians bewildered by the current pace of music industry evolution .
Read part 1 of the letter here , and part 2 here .
Blogger Molly Sheridan wrote a post asking ASCAP members how it sits with them , so if you 're a current ASCAP member , chime in .
Or better yet , take a minute to donate to Creative Commons , Public Knowledge , and the EFF .
Every time the subject of checked versus runtime exceptions comes up , someone cites Bruce Eckel as an argument by authority .
This is unfortunate , because , as much as I like and respect Bruce , he is out to sea on this one .
Nor is it merely a matter of opinion .
In this case , Bruce is factually incorrect .
He believes things about checked exceptions that just are n’t true ; and I think it ’s time to lay his misconceptions to rest once and for all .
Let ’s see exactly what Bruce ’s mistake is .
The following is an extended selection from Thinking in Java , 4th edition , pp. 490-491 :
An exception - handling system is a trapdoor that allows your program to abandon execution of the normal sequence of statements .
The trapdoors used when an “ exceptional condition ” occurs , such that normal execution is no longer possible or desirable .
Exceptions represent conditions that the current method is unable to handle .
The reason exception - handling systems were developed is because the approach of dealing with each possible error condition produced by each function call was too onerous , and programmers simply were n’t doing it .
As a result , they were ignoring the errors .
It ’s worth observing that the issue of programmer convenience in handling errors was a prime motivation for exceptions in the first place .
One of the important guidelines in exception handling is “ Do n’t catch an exception unless you know what to do with it . ”
In fact , one of the important goals of exception handling is to move the error - handling code away from the point where the errors occur .
This allows you to focus on what you want to accomplish in one section of your code , and how you ’re going to deal with problems in a distinct separate section of your code .
As a result , your mainline code is not cluttered with error - handling logic , and it ’s much easier to understand and maintain .
Exception handling also tends to reduce the amount of error - handling code , by allowing one handler to deal with many error sites .
Checked exceptions complicate the scenario a bit , because they force you to add catch clauses in places where you may not be ready to handle an error .
This results in the “ harmful if swallowed ” problem : try {
// ... to do something useful
} catch ( ObligatoryException e ) {} // Gulp !
Do you see the mistake ?
It ’s a common one .
Let me repeat it , so it ’s really obvious [ emphasis mine ] :
Checked exceptions complicate the scenario a bit , because they force you to add catch clauses in places where you may not be ready to handle an error .
This is false .
You are never forced to add catch clauses where you are not ready to handle an error .
This is n’t a matter of opinion .
It ’s a matter of fact .
Checked exceptions do not require catch blocks .
They require a catch block OR a throws declaration .
Eckel ’s entire argument is based on ignoring the possibility of a throws declaration .
While Bruce is absolutely right that you should not catch an exception unless you know what to do with it , this in no way means that you should insert a catch block everywhere a checked exception may be thrown .
If you are n’t ready to handle an error at one place , let the exception bubble up .
If a checked exception is thrown inside a method where you are not ready to handle it , then the correct response is to add a throws clause to the method indicating that the exception will bubble up from that method .
For example ,
public void doSomething Useful ( ) throws ObligatoryException { // ... do something useful that throws an obligatory exception }
You do not and should not insert a catch block in a method where you cannot do anything reasonable in the catch block .
Checked exceptions never meant that every exception had to be caught as soon as it was thrown .
It is perfectly acceptable to declare that a method throws a checked exception .
Indeed , this is exactly how exceptions are meant to be used .
It warns whoever calls your method that they need to be ready for this exceptional condition , and they either need to catch it and handle it themselves ; or , they themselves need to declare that they throw it so that they warn their callers .
Yes , if it were true that every checked exception needed to be caught immediately , then checked exceptions would be incredibly inconvenient .
However , experienced Java programmers do n’t do this .
Catching each and every checked exception at the first opportunity is a sure mark of a novice Java developer .
Occasionally , you ’ll override a method inherited from a superclass or implement a method declared in interface that does not declare it throws the checked exception that your method throws and thus ca n’t throw the correct exception .
In this case alone , it may be acceptable to wrap the exception in either a checked exception that the original declaration declares or in a runtime exception ( if the original declaration does not declare any appropriate checked exceptions ) .
For example ,
@ Override public void doSomething Useful ( ) { try { // ... do something useful that throws an obligatory exception } catch ( ObligatoryException e ) { throw new Obligatory RuntimeException ( e ) ; }
However , you still do n’t need to handle the exception before you ’re ready for it .
I will note that this situation is a failure of design .
When you ’re forced to do this , one of two things is broken :
The superclass / interface was not designed properly for extension .
Specifically it did not take into account the exceptions overriders / implementers might reasonably want to throw .
The method likely should have been declared final and probably should n’t be extended at all .
The overriding / implementing method is violating the contract of the method it overrides / implements by doing something it really should not be doing .
A good example of the latter would be letting an IOException wrapped in a RuntimeException escape from the run ( ) method of java.lang .
Thread or java.lang .
Runnable .
These methods do not have sufficient context to handle such an exception , but something further down in the call chain does .
The exception should be handled before it bubbles all the way up ( though not necessarily in the same method where it ’s first thrown ) .
In a method properly designed for extension , an empty throws clause ( or a throws clause that does not match the actual exception ) indicates that callers of that method cannot handle and do not expect such an exception .
An overriding method that throws a new exception is violating the contract by failing to handle it , the same as it would were it to restrict a precondition or loosen a postcondition .
( In essence , this is another form of loosening a postcondition . )
Eckel is not the only one to make the mistake of assuming that checked exceptions must be immediately at handled at the first possible opportunity .
For example , he cites Barbara Liskov and Alan Snyder explaining their decision not to include checked exceptions in CLU :
requiring that the text of a handler be attached to the invocation that raises the exception would lead to unreadable programs in which expressions were broken up with handlers
True .
Requiring that the text of a handler be attached to the invocation that raises the exception would lead to unreadable programs .
Fortunately neither Java nor checked exceptions require any such thing .
When handlers are appropriate they can usually be moved to the end of a method , far away from the the invocation that raises the exception .
When handlers are inappropriate , you use a throws clause instead .
Immediately following every statement that can throw an exception with a catch block is bad form on a par with goto .
Liskov and Snyder continue :
“ We felt it was unrealistic to require the programmer to provide handlers in situations where no meaningful action can be taken . ”
Also very true , but of course , checked exceptions do not require the programmer to provide handlers in situations where no meaningful action can be taken .
When no meaningful action can be taken ( out of memory error , stack overflow , class not found , etc. )
Java programs throw Error s , not checked exceptions , not even runtime exceptions .
Checked exceptions signal environmental problems that programmers cannot prevent or predict , should test for , and most decidedly can handle .
To choose the most extreme example , if a production - worthy database system is writing a file and the disk fills up , it should handle the condition gracefully without corrupting the database .
A disk full error is neither unforeseeable nor unmanageable .
Most checked exceptions are n’t even that tricky to respond to .
What checked exceptions actually do require is that any method that can throw a checked exception warn its callers that the exception may be thrown .
That ’s all .
A checked exception is nothing more and nothing less than part of the return type .
Methods may return normally or they may throw exceptions .
It makes just as much sense to specify the exceptions that can be thrown by a method as it does to specify that a method returns an int or a String .
A method that does not declare the exceptions it throws is incomplete .
A lot of us did n’t really get checked exceptions when Java was released in the mid-nineties .
It was a genuinely new idea that I do n’t think any programming language before had foreshadowed .
Liskov and Snyder wrote the paper quoted here in 1979 , and their quotes make sense if you assume they simply did n’t conceive of having different kinds of exceptions in the language .
if you only have one kind of exception then it makes sense for it to be a runtime exception rather than a checked exception .
Personally , I did n’t really understand how to use exceptions until the first edition of Effective Java was published .
But it ’s been 15 years .
That ’s long enough for the message to get out .
In 2010 we know better .
Proper error handling requires distinguishing programming errors ( runtime exceptions ) from environmental problems ( checked exceptions ) .
Proper error handling requires correcting programming errors and writing handlers for unpreventable environmental conditions .
Proper error handling requires knowing when to catch and knowing when to throw .
If you try to work with only one kind of exception , or try to get by with only catch but no throws , then exceptions are going to seem very ugly and inconvenient .
But if you use checked and runtime exceptions , and use catch and throws , then your error handling code will be far cleaner , safer , and more maintainable .
Error handling without checked exceptions and throws is like arithmetic without * and / .
Sure , you can do it , but why would when you when using the features the language offers makes life so much simpler ?
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Qualifying for the Monaco Grand Prix will take place as usual after teams failed to agree on a split system .
The Formula One Teams ' Association was discussing the possibility of splitting the drivers in two groups of 12 in qualifying for the Monaco event in order to avoid the traffic problems which are likely to hinder drivers next weekend with 24 cars on the streets of the principality .
However , the move was not accepted by some of the teams and qualifying will remain unchanged .
Lotus boss Tony Fernandes said his was one of the teams rejecting the idea .
" There was talk today at FOTA of having a split qualifying , going into a hat with 12 in one and 12 in another , " Fernandes told Reuters in the Spanish Grand Prix .
" I said no .
We want the race to be exciting , we want to be unpredictable so let qualifying be the same as well .
" I have been in Formula One for seven months now and these guys are very good drivers and they are paid to drive well . "
History is full of war and violence .
Is it just because we are wired to hurt each other or is there more to the reason than that ?
JM Lynch
We found this to be of great interest :
Charles Darwin’s
On the Origin of Species sent shock waves around the world when it was published in 1859 .
The suggestion that all human beings , of whatever race or color , share a common ancestry , had an especially seismic impact on a country teetering on the brink of civil war , as Randall Fuller shows in The Book That Changed America : How Darwin ’s Theory of Evolution Ignited a Nation .
When National Geographic caught up with Fuller by phone in Tulsa , Oklahoma , he explained why both abolitionists and racist ideologues found something to like in the theory of evolution , how P.T. Barnum exploited the theory ’s notoriety to mount a questionable exhibit , and how Darwin changed Henry David Thoreau ’s life .
Today , Darwin ’s theory of evolution is part of the cultural wallpaper .
But it caused uproar in America when it appeared , did n’t it ?
Take us back in time .
When Darwin ’s book arrived on these shores in 1859 , the U.S. was on the brink of civil war .
John Brown ’s botched raid on Harpers Ferry had just occurred , and that had ratcheted up tensions over slavery .
There is language in newspapers of the time , both in the North and South , that we are two separate peoples , in a struggle to survive .
In drops this book that , among other things , suggests that the state of nature is one of constant struggle , combat , war , and violence .
That ’s one of the reasons the book was almost immediately embraced by a number of intellectuals , who thought Darwin was describing the world they lived in .
The other issue , of course , is religion .
In the U.S. , there had long been an ideology that the nation was one divinely chosen by God to lead the world , primarily through the example of democracy .
Darwin ’s book eliminated the role of God , the need for that Biblical narrative of God creating humans in his own image .
You begin the book with a dinner party at the home of abolitionist Franklin Sanborn , where the first copy of On the Origin of Species brought to America was discussed .
Be our fly on the wall on that evening .
It is an extremely cold , New England winter evening .
Editorials in the North and South are looking at the new year with much trepidation , when four very interesting , but dissimilar , intellectuals gather at a house in Concord , Massachusetts , the home of transcendentalism in the U.S.
They discuss two subjects .
One is slavery and abolition .
The other is this book , Origin of Species , which has been carried from Boston to Concord by Charles Loring Brace .
Brace is a child welfare reformer who ’s now best known for his creation of what were called “ orphan trains , ” which took the orphans of recent European migrants and relocated them in the West .
He was also what they called a “ red - hot abolitionist . ”
Franklin Sanborn , then a young man , was an even more red - hot abolitionist , one of the so - called Secret Six , who had helped fund the John Brown raid on Harpers Ferry .
Bronson Alcott , the oldest person at the meeting was a great friend of Ralph Waldo Emerson , the transcendental philosopher , and the father of Louisa May Alcott .
Last , but not least , was Henry David Thoreau , the transcendentalist author , who was beginning a kind of second career as a scientist .
Charles Darwin did n’t discuss humans in On the Origin of Species but readers applied his theories to people even so .
At first it does n’t seem to make a lot of sense because Darwin ’s book famously has nothing to say about humans .
He does n’t speak about humans directly until The Descent of Man , which comes about a decade later .
But Darwin argues that , if we go far enough in time , we would see that all plants and animals sprang from the same primeval source .
If you are an American , concerned about the discussion of slavery , an argument that says black people and white people actually share a common ancestor , and are intimately connected , like brothers and sisters , rather than separate varieties or species , has a powerful effect .
A number of prominent American scientists at the time argued that God had created black people , brown skinned and white people separately , and each of them were different , had different capacities , and there was a hierarchy .
Some went so far as to suggest that black people were a different species , and that they were not only different , but inferior .
These scientists were praised in the South and provided the perfect rationalization for slavery .
Darwin ’s argument that all living things shared a common ancestor provided the abolitionists with a great rebuttal of the dominant , American science of the time .
One of the writers most deeply affected by the publication of Darwin ’s epochal work was Henry David Thoreau .
Describe its effect on him .
One of the prime doctrines of transcendentalism is that God , or divinity , permeates every aspect of nature .
So , an argument that says nature consists purely of physical processes not guided or directed by divinity , refutes a central tenant of transcendentalism .
We know Thoreau as the inhabitant on Walden Pond , the hermit and the civilly disobedient social critic , but what is not known so much is Thoreau , the proto - scientist .
About ten years before Darwin ’s book came out , Thoreau made this shift away from transcendental philosophy toward the observation of nature .
He went outside for hours every day with a journal and yardstick , measured things and chronicled almost every aspect of nature : when flowers and trees blossomed , what the weather patterns were like .
What Darwin enables
Thoreau to do is fully renounce that transcendental belief that God is in nature and to see something equally wondrous and marvelous : the incredible , almost profligate creativity of nature .
He says toward the end of his life that what Darwin ’s theory enables him to see is that nature is constant , new creation .
Rather than a God that creates nature , Thoreau now sees nature itself as this amazing creative force .
The foremost critic of Darwinism in America was the Swiss - born thinker Louis Agassiz .
What was his beef with Darwin ?
Agassiz is the single most important proponent of a theory known as “ special creation , ” which is the idea that once upon a time in the distant past , God created every species as they appeared in his mind , in specific regions of the world , immutably , so that they did n’t change .
If he created a monarch butterfly , in the U.S. , that butterfly would be the same from generation to generation , and on and on with all other species .
Agassiz was trained in Paris and was teaching in Switzerland , when he was invited by Harvard to come and give a series of lectures in the 1840s .
And he basically never left .
It was the first time in his life that he encountered black people , African - Americans , and he had an immediate visceral reaction .
This shaped his application of special creationism to humans , in a theory that came to be known as polygenesis .
He argues that white people were created in a particular zone in Europe , black people were created in Africa , and Asian people were created in the Asian part of the world .
Saying black people and white people were created in different places , and have different capacities , was of course a great argument for slavery .
Darwin , by contrast , says that whether they are black or yellow or white , all human beings derive from the same ancestor .
Dickinson has a wonderful poem in which she says , “ nature is a haunted house . ”
What I think she means is that , once upon a time , at least intellectually , God inhabited nature and now God is out of nature , and is haunted by this former presence .
For Dickinson , who always had difficulty feeling the spiritual fervor that her family and community felt , I think Darwin helped her understand and accept the idea that God might be a fiction .
She says at one point , “ I understand Darwin did away with the Savior . ”
Louisa May Alcott is a larger presence in my book as she is in Concord when Henry David Thoreau and her father , Bronson Alcott , are discussing Darwin throughout the year of 1860 .
She was a committed abolitionist and one of her first stories , in 1860 , is about a love affair between a black man and a white woman .
Not surprisingly , that story was not published anywhere in America until the Civil War is almost over .
In 1860 , it was just too incendiary to describe a happily married and miscegenistic couple .
One of the more surprising figures to enter the Darwin fray was impresario P.T. Barnum .
Tell us about the “ What Is It ? ” exhibit .
Like any great cultural entrepreneur , Barnum had his finger on the pulse of his native country ; and there are several currents he is deeply aware of .
One is that the first gorilla pelts and bones come to the U.S. almost in the same month that Darwin ’s book arrives .
The issue of the primate origins of people that Darwin hints at are also very much on Barnum ’s mind .
So he hires a young African American man , who may or may not have been disabled with microcephaly , dresses him up in a woolly suit , puts him in a cage and concocts this crazy story that he had been found in Africa — and that he represents a missing link between gorillas and human beings .
Race continues to be an intractable problem in America .
How great a role has social Darwinism played ?
Social Darwinism is an argument that focuses primarily upon a term that Darwin himself did n’t coin but eventually used , “ the survival of the fittest . ”
It argues that those who are on the top , the wealthiest and best positioned socially , are there because they are the fittest , the best adapted to succeed .
This idea came up during the Gilded Age and was very quickly adopted by racist ideologues who wanted to imagine African Americans as inferior or substandard compared to whites .
So , there ’s this horrible , ironic reversal where Darwin is at first embraced by abolitionists but , within 10 years or so , has been appropriated to argue that blacks are inferior .
Today , you only hear the term social Darwinism with a very negative inflection .
However , like all ideas , over time they become absorbed or , to quote you , become part of the cultural wallpaper .
So I would hazard the guess that the idea the inherent superiority of some races is still , unfortunately , with us today .
A 2014 study showed that only 19 percent of Americans believe humans evolved from a more primitive form of life without help of a celestial power .
Is Darwin on the retreat in America today ?
Great question !
Though I tend to think that those figures you ’ve mentioned are , hopefully , a last gasp of denial .
It ’s certainly true that there ’s an increasing resistance to Darwin ’s theory .
But that exists simultaneously with , almost every month , new data showing the validity and overall soundness of Darwin ’s theory .
The question is , how long can one deny a growing empirical body of facts ?
I grew up in public school in the late 1970s in Missouri , and natural selection was taught as an accepted , and completely settled , scientific question .
There have been periods between the 1920s and 2014 where the opposite has obtained .
But that pendulum will always swing back again .
Just recently Pope Francis reaffirmed the Catholic Church ’s conviction that evolutionary theory is valid .
This was re-published from : Darwin ’s Theory of Evolution Roiled U.S. on Eve of Civil War
This shows how much his theories affected those who drove that war .
One can only imagine how this type of thinking has increased violence toward others over the last century and a half .
There has been no shortage of violence a war .
Has this contributed ?
Clearly the evidence says yes .
In Soviet Russia , snowclones overuse you
Bob Fleck wrote in to point out another variety of the ironic phrasal templates exemplified by " I , for one , welcome our new ___ overlords " .
The origin for the pattern Bob cites is a set of jokes by the emigré comedian Yakov Smirnoff , most famously " In America , you can always find a party ; in Russia , the party can always find you . "
The pattern is generalized to a a frame of the form " In [ America or a substitute ] , you [ verb group headed by X ] Y ; in [ ( Soviet ) Russia or a substitute ] , Y [ verb group headed by X ] you . "
The first clause is now often omitted .
Here 's a wiki page with lots of examples and discussion .
Many of the examples are not funny -- or even interpretable -- except in the limited social sense in which out - of - context repetition of a currently - hot tag line always gets a sort of phatic yuk .
However , there are a few thoughtful examples like Tim Lesher 's " In ExtremeProgramming , you continually test your code .
In WaterFall , your code continually tests you . "
These phrasal templates are like the patterns for which Glen Whitman proposed the term snowclone .
They 're slightly different , because these are self - conscious and ironic evocations of a pattern viewed as intrinsically funny , rather than serious uses of a pattern that is felt to be intelligent and perhaps even original .
The Soviet Russia template has an interesting linguistic aspect : the paired contrastive accents that indicate role reversal .
This phenomenon was first ( as far as I know ) pointed out by George Lakoff in 1971 ( " Presupposition and Relative Well - formedness " , in Steinberg & Jakobovits , eds. , Semantics .
CUP ) , using the example sentence
John called Mary a Republican , and then SHE insulted HIM .
You can see that George was busy framing political discourse , even then .
Quite a bit of ink has been dispensed since then in proposing and debunking models for the constrastive role - reversal phenomenon , for example here .
Posted by Mark Liberman at January 29 , 2004 08:57 PM
This year is unfolding as the hottest ever with both the April and the entire January - April periods ranking the warmest on record .
Analysis by the U.S. agency NOAA confirms earlier predictions that the year could turn out to be the warmest since reliable instrumental temperatures records began in the late 1800s .
The combined global land and ocean surface temperature average for April was 58.1 degrees Fahrenheit , or 1.35 degrees warmer than the 20th century average .
The same coverage from January through April was 1.24 degrees above the average of the past century .
The previous record warmest year was 1998 , and early indications are that 2010 will be warmer still .
Despite a bitterly cold and snowy December and early January in the eastern U.S. and Canada , satellite analysis reveals that the extent of snow cover in North America was the smallest for any April since satellite records began in 1967 .
A statement from NOAA said that warmer - than - normal conditions “ dominated the globe , with the most prominent warmth in Canada , Alaska , the eastern United States , Australia , South Asia , northern Africa and northern Russia . ”
Image : NOAA
South Korea will formally blame North Korea for sinking one of its navy ships in March , killing 46 sailors , The Washington Post reported on Tuesday .
Citing unidentified U.S. and East Asian officials , the newspaper said on its Web site Seoul had reached the conclusion that North Korea was responsible for the torpedo attack after investigators from Australia , Britain , Sweden and the United States pieced together portions of the ship .
ADVERTISEMENT
The navy ship Cheonan sank on March 26 after an explosion on the vessel as it sailed in the Yellow Sea off South Korea ’s west coast .
The Post said the officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity because South Korea had not yet disclosed the results of the investigation , said analyses showed the torpedo was identical to a North Korean torpedo previously obtained by South Korea .
The formal accusation is expected to be announced on Thursday and South Korea will ask the U.N. Security Council to take up the matter , Post sources said .
The White House said President Barack Obama and South Korean President Lee Myong - bak spoke about the Cheonan incident by telephone Monday night but did not disclose details of the investigation .
Lee thanked Obama for U.S. help in the investigation and Obama repeated the U.S. commitment to South Korea ’s security , a White House statement said .
ADVERTISEMENT
South Korean officials had made little secret of their belief that Pyongyang , which has raised concerns around the world with its nuclear tests , was behind the attack .
The report comes amid a growing chill in relations between the rival Koreas , which remain technically at war under a truce that ended fighting in the 1950 - 1953 Korean War .
Seoul ’s belief in the North ’s involvement in the sinking of the Cheonan has also been a source of friction between Seoul and Beijing .
ADVERTISEMENT
( Writing by Deborah Charles ; editing by Doina Chiacu and Todd Eastham )
Mochila insert follows …
EAGAN , Minn. , June 1 / PRNewswire / --
Nearly two - thirds of Americans cannot name any members of the U.S. Supreme Court , according to a new national survey by FindLaw.com ( http://www.findlaw.com), the most popular legal information website .
Even as Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan awaits Senate confirmation hearings to replace retiring justice John Paul Stevens , only 35 percent of Americans can name even one member of the nation 's highest court .
Clarence Thomas is the most well known justice but could be named by only 19 percent of Americans .
Chief Justice John Roberts was named by 16 percent of people .
Sonia Sotomayor , the newest justice , could be named by only 15 percent of Americans following a highly visible nomination and confirmation process last year .
According to the FindLaw.com survey , the percentages of Americans who can name any U.S. Supreme Court justices are :
Clarence Thomas – 19 %
– 19 % John Roberts – 16 %
– 16 % Sonia Sotomayor – 15 %
– 15 % Ruth Bader Ginsburg – 13 %
– 13 % Antonin Scalia – 10 %
– 10 % Samuel Alito – 8 %
– 8 % John Paul Stevens – 8 %
– 8 % Anthony Kennedy – 6 %
– 6 % Stephen Breyer – 3 %
Only 1 percent of Americans could correctly name all nine current members of the Supreme Court .
In addition , many Americans think that retired justices Sandra Day O'Connor and David Souter are still active members of the Supreme Court .
O'Connor and Souter retired from the Court in 2006 and 2009 , respectively .
" This result is not especially surprising nor , by itself , should it be alarming , " said Michael C. Dorf , a former Supreme Court clerk who currently teaches constitutional law at Cornell University Law School and authors a legal column for FindLaw .
" Even though Supreme Court rulings can have a major impact on contentious issues such as the death penalty , abortion rights , discrimination and environmental protection , the Court issues its rulings as a collective body .
After their 15 minutes before the Senate Judiciary Committee are up , Supreme Court justices rarely appear on television .
What is a source for concern are polls consistently showing that many Americans are unfamiliar with basic features of our constitutional system . "
Free Internet resources , such as the FindLaw Supreme Court Center ( http://supreme.lp.findlaw.com/) and the U.S. Supreme Court website ( http://www.supremecourt.gov), provide the current and historical Supreme Court calendars , dockets , decisions , opinions and briefs , as well as Supreme Court history and biographies of justices .
The FindLaw.com survey was conducted using a demographically balanced telephone survey of 1,000 American adults and has a margin of error of plus - or - minus 3 percent .
Note to editors :
Full survey results and analysis are available upon request .
FindLaw
FindLaw , part of Thomson Reuters , is a leading provider of free intelligent legal information , online marketing and client development services , providing the legal industry and consumers with the knowledge to act .
Home to the largest online directory of lawyers that assists consumers in finding an attorney by practice area , FindLaw.com ( www.findlaw.com) is the most popular legal website with nearly 4 million consumers visiting each month for free information about a legal topic , to solve a legal problem or to find a lawyer .
Thomson Reuters
Thomson Reuters is the world 's leading source of intelligent information for businesses and professionals .
We combine industry expertise with innovative technology to deliver critical information to leading decision makers in the financial , legal , tax and accounting , healthcare and science , and media markets , powered by the world 's most trusted news organization .
With headquarters in New York and major operations in London and Eagan , Minnesota , Thomson Reuters employs 55,000 people and operates in over 100 countries .
Thomson Reuters shares are listed on the Toronto and New York Stock Exchanges ( symbol : TRI ) .
For more information , go to www.thomsonreuters.com.
SOURCE FindLaw.com
In some countries , such as China , having 500 or more books in the home added more than six years onto a child ’s education , while the effect in the United States was just over two years .
lampe.co.uk
Premium domain names are valuable and highly sought after .
lampe.co.uk is potentially for sale or lease .
Please complete our contact form to get in touch .
( CNN ) -- Rebecca
Avery always felt different , even as a child .
It was n't until the age of 13 that she would even hear the word that explained why she felt out of place -- she was transgender .
It would take another 14 years and a new job before she started her transition from male to female .
Avery , 30 , works as a graphic designer in Waukegan , Illinois .
And even though she has worked in the publishing and design field for 10 years , only the past four have been under her current name and identity .
Her transition has made finding work difficult .
" For a while , I was trying to cut off all my past work from before my transition , " Avery said .
" Questions kept coming up , and there was just no escape from the past . "
Illinois is one of only 13 states that have a policy protecting transgender people against hiring bias .
The Illinois law , created in 2005 , prohibits employment discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity .
" The laws help protect me from getting fired or thrown out of my apartment , " she said , " but they do not help me obtain a career , medical insurance or housing . "
Interviewing for jobs was n't an exceptionally positive experience when the topic of her transgender identity came up .
" There 's always a point in the interview where you could see the hamster fall off the wheel in their head , " she said .
She recalled an incident in which she received an e-mail from a company that wanted to consider her for a writing position .
She sent the best writing samples she had , and some bylines were under her previous name .
" I got a call back two days later , " Avery said .
" They had a question about the name on some of the samples . "
She assured them that they were all her work , and after a long pause , the interviewer said he would call back next week for a full phone interview .
No follow - up call ever came .
It was that experience that motivated Avery to speak out on CNN iReport .
Avery was one of several people who participated in an iReport assignment that asked transgender , transsexual and questioning people to create a message they wanted others to know .
The task was simple :
Make a sign with your message , and take a photo of yourself holding it .
The responses were powerful and surprisingly candid .
Avery 's message simply said , " I am talented , creative , and beautiful , and I refuse to be tyrannized by a letter . "
She was referring to the letters " M " and " F " commonly used on forms to denote gender .
Avery says that a choice like " male " or " female " that usually seems like a no - brainer is fraught with consequences for transgender people .
" That M or F on a document " too often is used to discriminate against us .
Legally , because Avery has not had gender reassignment surgery , she is still referenced as male on some documents and female on others .
Gennifer Bone used the assignment to introduce herself to the world .
Sporting electric - blue nail polish , Bone holds a sign that reads : " My name is Gennifer and I am a woman . "
Participating in this assignment was a profound step for Bone , who said , " It was the first time I announced to the world in general who I really am . "
Another iReporter , Oscar Robles , used his submission to speak about his experience disclosing his transgender identity .
Robles , 24 , began his transition in college and said he immediately became the token transgender in his community .
He wanted to transition without all of the attention , so eight months after he began hormone treatments , he moved to Connecticut .
No one knew his transgender status in his new city , except for his immediate employer , so it was up to Robles when and to whom he would disclose .
" It 's a big deal to wear your trans identity on your sleeve , " Robles said .
" It 's not your primary identity , and it 's not something you want to consistently be coming out and telling people . "
The term used by those in the transgender community for people who do n't make known their transgender status is " stealth . "
For many in the community , the issue of stealth is complicated .
Jett Smith , who transitioned from female to male , said that he finds himself being inadvertently stealth on occasion .
" To bring it up feels awkward and forced at times , " he said .
He says that he has worked jobs for months without anyone ever knowing his transgender status , and while he understands the desire to be stealth , he prefers to be upfront about it .
" People need to know about us , " Smith said .
" Being transgender is only a small aspect of my life . "
Read more from Jett Smith
Avery said she struggles with the issues of stealth on a daily basis .
" At work , I 'm out because I 'm kind of forced to be .
Everybody knows , even people who were hired after me . "
While she is out at work and says she does n't try to hide away , she remarks that her transgender identity is n't a topic that comes up in general conversation or everyday activities .
Gender identity specialist Judy Van Maasdam says , " There 's no rigid thing that says you have to be out and open about your gender status .
That 's all personal . "
Van Maasdam is the program coordinator for the Gender Dysphoria Program in Palo Alto , California .
She has worked with transgender people for more than 30 years and says that everyone is different in how they wish to present themselves .
Overall , iReporters wanted the world to hear their voices , their stories , and to possibly teach a few people along the way .
Robles summed up the feelings many transgender people shared through their submissions .
" People get really wrapped up in their minds about people who are queer - identified or trans - identified , " he said .
" It does n't have to be that big of a deal .
Correction , it is n't that big of a deal . "
Hyper Crush have enlisted Diplo to produce their new single Ayo , which is set to shake up dancefloors everywhere with their slice of modern day rave .
We have featured Hyper Crush a few times before on this blog for their creative electro remixes of popular chart tracks .
Nut their new single should help them make the crossover from a small steady fanbase , to a larger , more global audience .
Hyper Crush – Ayo ( Produced by Diplo )
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
To increase your ranking in SEO , your website must be efficient .
It ’s not worth doing if you do not have this .
That ’s because it all comes back to web design .
People like to visit attractive , functioning , seamless websites .
Use these tips to create what they like .
Keep the size of your web pages small .
A lot of modern web pages are full of unnecessary elements , including huge images , Flash advertising , and lots of AJAX .
Many people , especially those in rural areas and other countries with less - developed internet infrastructure , do n’t have high - speed Internet and will have to wait forever for a large page to load .
Always check your website from a variety of browsers in different areas of the country or world .
What you ’re seeing in one browser may not actually be what other people are seeing .
You want to know about the different popular browsers and approach web design accordingly .
Before you decide to go live , you should always have others using different browsers and operating platforms review your site to verify it works on different systems .
Do n’t use OnExit popups on your website .
This tactic is mainly used by internet marketers who are trying a last - ditch attempt to get a sale .
Word about these kinds of popups get around , and they will kill your reputation as a marketer .
Mozilla has even taken steps to suppress the text on these popups , citing security risks .
Although it is common to see the www .
at the front of a website URL , you should try to make sure that you can access your site whether you choose to include it or not .
This will make it much easier for anyone to access regardless of how they type it .
Do n’t disable the visitor ’s right - click functionality .
Some sites do this in order to prevent people from copying and pasting text or saving images from the site .
The thing is , it does n’t work and disables other useful functions .
OCR can be used to capture text from such sites , and grabbing images is as simple as taking a screenshot .
White space is an important part of web design , so do n’t be afraid to use it .
Cluttering up your web pages with too many images or too much text , or using a distracting background , will only irritate your visitors .
White space can make the important elements of your page more visible .
If you plan on having a commercial site , you should seriously consider buying your own web hosting .
Most free host sites force you to display their advertisements , which is counter - intuitive if you are attempting to sell something as well .
Purchase your own hosting to avoid this advertising hassle , so that you can choose your own ads .
Minimize the amount of clicking or scrolling visitors must do to access information .
The more a user has to click or scroll around to find the information they seek , the more likely they are to give up looking for it .
Aim for having at least 400 words on every page of your site by combining pages that have content that falls below this number of words .
It ’s not that people browsing the web are overly picky or anything ; it ’s just that no one wants to visit an unattractive site that ’s slow to load and that barely functions .
Avoid creating a website that does this by using the tips you ’ve just read .
Following the recent success of the Humble Indie Bundle , developer Cryptic Sea has released the source code for its cross-platform Gish game .
Gish is a 2D physics based platform game in which the main character , a 12 - pound ball of tar named Gish , must rescue his friend , a human named Brea , from a mysterious figure that is holding her captive .
Gish was one of the five indie games sold as part of the Wolfire Games Humble Indie Bundle .
Through the bundle offer , anyone was able to purchase World of Goo , Aquaria , Gish , Wolfire 's Lugaru HD , and Penumbra Overture as a package for Windows , Mac OS X or Linux for any price they elected to pay , with a portion of the proceeds being donated to the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and to the Child 's Play Charity .
In addition to Gish and Lugaru HD , which have already had their code released as open source , the Penumbra Overture and Aquaria developers have pledged to release their code as open source .
Gish source code is available from GitHub and is released under version 2 of the GNU General Public License ( GPLv2 ) .
See also :
( crve )
All or Nothing Morning for 09/30/2020 :
Amid all the praise for JJ Abrams ' new Star Trek revamp , there is little mention of the man who , for 40 years , practically WAS Star Trek : William Alan Shatner .
This is , in one sense , understandable .
The brand has moved on .
Abrams was never a Star Trek fan ; like an advertising creative , he has simply rebranded his product , even writing the Star Trek characters into an alternate dimensional universe so he could more or less ignore the franchise 's last 40 years .
But if there was room for Leonard Nimoy to reprise Spock , why not for Shatner ?
Shatner , personally , is OK he is n't in the new film .
Shatner is happy the franchise is succeeding .
Shatner did n't watch Star Trek much either , now you mention it .
Shatner is perfectly comfortable no longer being Captain Kirk .
Shatner knows exactly who he is : Shatner .
Shatner did n't always know he was Shatner .
He described his epiphany to US talk show host Conan O'Brien about a decade ago .
Everyone at Star Trek conventions was always talking about " Shatner this " and " Shatner that " , Shatner recounted .
They were going on as if Kirk / Shatner was a hero with magic powers , some sort of binary god .
Who WAS this mythical figure , this " Shatner " , Shatner wondered .
Then , he said , it dawned on him .
HE WAS SHATNER .
From that moment on , Shatner has been Shatner as intensely as any celebrity has ever inhabited a personality .
He is one of the few famous people to embrace the fact that his image is nothing more than a plaything of the public , a sort of reality TV star before the genre existed .
In everything he does , he embodies the public 's conception of him as a hack who takes himself too seriously , a living joke – from his famous " Get a life " Saturday Night Live skit in 1986 , through his adverts for Priceline.com , to his brilliant album Has Been and his role in the film Free Enterprise , in which he played himself as a Shatner burning with ambition to stage a rap opera of Julius Caesar starring himself in all the male roles .
This endearingly zen - like acceptance – so diametrically opposed to , say , Christian Bale 's huffy feud with his own image – allows Shatner to be simultaneously ironic and earnest in a way that has really come to resonate in the 21st century .
So of course he 's not in the new film .
There 'd be no way to include him that would n't trigger our awareness that he was Shatner ; that would n't turn even a tiny cameo into The Shatner Show .
( Abrams says Shatner wanted to dominate the film ; Shatner claims he was never even asked .
Both are probably true . )
The TV show Boston Legal only gets away with casting Shatner as Denny Crane by letting him " do " Shatner .
He won an Emmy for the role .
His first major act as Shatner was his most inspired .
He appeared on stage at the Science Fiction Film awards in 1978 , under a spotlight , cigarette in hand , to perform Rocket Man , experimenting for the first time with Shatner as Shatner , giving himself three alter egos : pensive smoker , shoulder - rolling martini lizard , skyward dreamer .
Ever since , he 's no longer really been able to act .
The one thing he CAN do , better than anyone in this galaxy , is play Shatner .
One of my favourite Shatner moments is an audio recording in which a young director , recording Shatner doing a 10 - second introduction to a science fiction radio programme , has the nerve to tell Shatner he is n't reading his lines right – and actually reads them himself , to show Shatner how .
Shatner obeys , mimicking the producer 's hammy , exaggerated , " Shatner - like " delivery until the producer 's voice is breaking like the fast food employee from the Simpsons : " Um , Mr Shatner , please , I 'm sorry ... " .
Do Shatner better than Shatner , indeed .
The kid 's lucky Shatner did n't kung - fu chop him .
The episode highlights Shatner 's legendary ego – which Shatner , of course , is the first to acknowledge .
His book Star Trek Memories is full of stories about how the original Star Trek cast " despised " him .
( " It was just that I must have been rather ruthless about wanting the show to be at its best , " he cheerfully told Conan in 1993 , " and if lines were to be cut , well , they were somebody 's else 's lines " .
This comment followed close on the heels of his complaint that the angle of Conan 's desk " upstaged " him . )
At his own Hollywood roast , he rode in on a HORSE , thereby undercutting all the skewering of his ego that was to come – making it all seem so obvious and toothless and even spiteful ( George " Sulu " Takei 's delivery of the inevitable " Fuck you and the horse you rode in on " coming off as the 40 - year culmination of a hidden hatred , which it probably was ) .
When the customary time came for Shatner to turn the tables on the roasters , they were already cowering , like a boy who throws a rock at a car only to mouth " Oh shi ... " when the copper gets out of the driver 's side .
Shatner destroyed them .
No one makes fun of Shatner like Shatner .
His favourite targets are fans who do n't get the joke .
In his SNL skit , appearing before a crowd of stereotypical Trekkers ( including Dana Carvey in an " I Grok Spock " T - shirt ) , a meaty - looking Shatner shocks them : " Get a life , will ya people ?
For crying out loud , it 's just a TV show .
I mean look at you , look at the way you 're dressed .
You 've turned an enjoyable little job that I did as a lark for a few years into a colossal waste of time ! "
Naturally , as one of the few celebrities who has internalised the knowledge that he 's a fictional construct , he 's a huge sell - out .
His long - running campaign for the travel website Priceline.com specifically trades on the Shatner persona : his inflated ego ( a coterie of babes dressing Shatner in furs and ushering him into a limo ) , his corny sense of humour ( " They called you a birdbrain , but it 's not true , " he tells his pet falcon in one out - take ) , but mainly his willingness to be a corporate shill in the first place .
The ads were some of the first to employ what has become a common comic trope : a dorky white person using black American slang not to sound cool , but to emphasise their own dorkiness .
" You want some of this ? "
Shatner says .
" Then you know what to do , dogg : bust a move ! " .
As usual , however – and just as in the Julius Caesar rap opera – Shatner takes the joke one further : he says " bust a move " like he believes it .
That 's a lot of levels .
That 's endless - bathroom - mirror territory .
And it was a decade ago .
Even better , he lives the joke .
You can't get him to STOP pitching Priceline .
He brings it up at almost every appearance .
His greatest artistic achievement is the gloriously titled Has Been , produced by Ben Folds , an album with two particularly inspired tracks :
The first is arguably the definitive version of Pulp 's Common People , in which Shatner 's world - wise delivery makes Jarvis Cocker sound like a 15 - year - old who 's never had to wash his own socks .
Like all Shatner does , the song combines the knowing self - awareness we 've come to call " irony " – echoes of Kirk / Shatner wishing he could " be like common people " , knowing he is doomed to be marooned by his greatness – with a genuinely uplifting emotion in which Shatner reaches over the battlements we erect around our hearts in public to convince us that Shatner IS just like us , which of course he absolutely is : a cheesy dad , a mild vulgarian , a heartsick widower .
The second , I Can't Get Behind
That , features Shatner having a shouting match with Henry Rollins about how modern life pisses them off ; no more needs to be said .
Shatner is fully aware of what he 's doing , though he's not particularly articulate about it , like the fish who does n't know he 's breathing water .
Talking to Larry King about the Priceline ads , he said : " Oh , I had fun with them , but you have got to be careful because it 's fun .
The fun is the reality of it and yet is the unreality of it .
So that line is very , very hazy . "
( King 's response : " You are a very special guy , William Shatner . " )
In 1999 , Shatner found the corpse of his wife , an alcoholic , floating in their swimming pool .
The tabloids shouted .
Shatner said his life " ended " .
He struggled with the grief , was saved by remarriage , and can't believe his luck .
" I 'm consumed , maybe , with the idea of death , the fear and the mystery of it , " he told King .
" Life is a joke .
We 're born and we 're going to die .
We may die on our second breath . "
William Shatner may be a living joke , but his dignity , not to say his genius , is that he 's the one telling it .
In a panel discussion on HBO ’s Real Time With Bill Maher Friday night , MSNBC host Rachel Maddow forcefully confronted the GOP ’s latest Senate leader over his party ’s unprecedented use of the filibuster this Congress .
“ Republicans are filibustering everything , ” Maddow told former Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist ( R - TN ) , who retired in 2007 .
“ ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s being used more frequently than itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s ever been used in American history before , and Republicans should answer for that , because itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s a really stupid way to run the country . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The audience erupted in applause and cheers .
Frist was nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t offended , repeatedly grinning while Maddow was criticizing the filibuster and even responded , “ I agree , ” at times .
But he did echo the time - tested defense of the tool , that its purpose is to “ empower the minority ” and forbid the majority from exploiting them .
Maddow was nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t having any of it .
“ People just want Republicans to not … put a filibuster on every single vote of consequence , ” she rejoined .
“ Every single one . ”
More applause .
More cheers .
No comeback from Frist .
According to the Associated Press , Republicans have used the filibuster “ at a record - setting pace ” this Congress , including for uncontroversial legislation that overwhelmingly passes .
ADVERTISEMENT
In February , six Senate Republicans who unsuccessfully filibustered the jobs bill turned around and voted for it , raising questions about their motives for using the procedure .
Maher argued that President Barack ObamaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s call for expanding offshore oil drilling just weeks before the Gulf spill broke out was a politically - motivated attempt “ to get a couple of Republican votes ” on energy legislation and thus stave off a filibuster .
“ The whole reason Obama was coming out for more drilling was as a sop to the conservatives , ” Maher said , “ which would not be necessary if we did nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t have this filibuster nonsense . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
When Frist said the filibuster could be bypassed , citing health care reform , Maddow noted that such a scenario could only occur when the reforms in question are “ directly related to the budget . ”
Frist ’s response raised the eyebrows of the panelists and drew laughs from the crowd .
“ In the Senate , you can do anything , by the way .
You can do anything that canÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t be done , ” he said , sounding almost frivolous .
ADVERTISEMENT
The panelists also discussed the estate tax , the midterm elections , and Rush LimbaughÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s fourth marriage .
It was the season finale of the popular HBO series , which returns September 17 .
Yesterday the Palin tweeted the following : " VETERANS , not reporters , give freedom of the press .
VETS , not politicians , give freedom to vote .
VETS , not campus radicals , give freedom to assemble . "
She did not mention that she 'd stolen it from a 1970 poem .
The remarkably similar poem , by former soldier Charles M. Province , is available here and goes as follows :
IT IS THE SOLDIER
It is the Soldier , not the minister
Who has given us freedom of religion .
It is the Soldier , not the reporter
Who has given us freedom of the press .
It is the Soldier , not the poet
Who has given us freedom of speech .
It is the Soldier , not the campus organizer
Who has given us freedom to protest .
It is the Soldier , not the lawyer
Who has given us the right to a fair trial .
It is the Soldier , not the politician
Who has given us the right to vote .
It is the Soldier who salutes the flag ,
Who serves beneath the flag ,
And whose coffin is draped by the flag ,
Who allows the protester to burn the flag .
Does one have to attribute in tweets ?
We 'd say that if you 're a politically active public figure with about 160,000 followers it would probably be the decent thing to do .
This is the world 's most expensive model car .
The Bugatti Veyron Diamond Ltd is on sale for two million pounds - twice as much as the real thing .
Liverpool - based designer Stuart Hughes took two months to create the intricate 1:18 scale model in partnership with Swiss luxury model car maker Robert Gulpen .
Weighing in at 7kg , it has been created with platinum , solid 24ct gold , and a 7.2ct single cut flawless diamond on its front grill .
The 10 inch car also boats functional steering and a highly detailed engine .
In a limited edition of three , owners also get a certification of authenticity , an aluminium case and photo documentation of the manufacturing process
Credit : REX FEATURES
Pantries face greater need , wrangle with COVID disruption
USA TODAY NETWORK - Wisconsin launches annual Stock the Shelves campaign , encouraging readers to donate to help fight hunger in their local communities .
BP PLC has applied 272,000 gallons of dispersants to the surface of the Gulf of Mexico in the four weeks since U.S. EPA and the Coast Guard directed the company to stop using the chemicals , except " in rare cases " when other approaches to fighting the ongoing oil leak proved unworkable , according to government records .
The oil giant 's dispersant strategy has come under scrutiny from scientists who warn that adding unprecedented volumes of the chemicals to the Gulf environment could pose unknown risks to human and marine health .
But the surface use of dispersants , in some cases spread aerially by planes , stirs a specific worker - protection concern for National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health ( NIOSH ) Director John Howard .
" From a health and safety perspective , I 'm not a fan of dispersants " sprayed from the air , Howard told Greenwire .
" Unless you make sure you do n't have workers underneath the spray .
That would be great . "
Controversy over BP 's compliance with the May 26 directive ( pdf ) issued by EPA and the Coast Guard on dispersant use flared anew this week when Richard Denison , a senior scientist at the Environmental Defense Fund , released calculations that showed the oil giant had cut its average daily dispersant use by 68 percent relative to the previous daily maximum levels .
EPA had set a 75 percent reduction as the " overall goal " for the company .
A separate portion of the EPA directive , however , told BP to " eliminate the surface application of dispersants . "
The company was required to file a written request to the Coast Guard seeking permission to use surface dispersants " [ i ] n rare cases when there may have to be an exemption , " citing the particular weather or mechanical factors that were forcing the use of chemicals to break up oil , as opposed to skimming or burning .
The Joint Incident Command in New Orleans did not respond to several requests for a copy of the written justification that BP is required to provide before using surface dispersants .
A request that BP release the document was not answered by publication time .
Wilma Subra , a Louisiana chemist who has assisted local environmental and public - health groups since the Gulf spill began , said she and her partners " were getting lots of reports from workers that they were being sprayed [ by dispersant ] and getting assurances by a bunch of high - up national officials that they were taking tons of precautions , that no one was being sprayed . "
Symptoms experienced by the workers included headaches and nausea as well as skin , eye and respiratory irritation , according to Subra .
Despite the government 's assurances , she added , " we continue to get calls ... [ workers ] are very reluctant to seek medical care because they are afraid to lose their jobs . "
As of Tuesday , daily reports from the JIC and EPA show that BP had applied 272,000 gallons of surface dispersant since EPA 's May 26 directive , compared with 342,000 gallons of sub-surface dispersant .
EPA spokeswoman Adora Andy released a statement yesterday that affirmed EPA 's ability to secure a reduction in overall dispersant use since the directive was issued to BP .
" On the evening of May 23 , Administrator [ Lisa ] Jackson and Coast Guard Rear Admiral [ Mary ]
Landry sat down with BP and ordered them to ramp down dispersant use -- with an overall goal of 75 % from its peak usage of 70,000 gallons on May 23 , " Andy said .
" The next day , May 24 , dispersant use dropped more than 50 % .
Since Administrator Jackson and Admiral Landry met with BP on May 23 to demand a reduction , dispersant use is down 68 % from its peak , " Andy said in the statement .
Andy 's statement also addressed the continuing use of surface dispersant , noting that the Coast Guard " has the authority to grant waivers for the use of more dispersant based on changing conditions at sea . "
The ingredients in BP 's Corexit 9500 dispersant , now the primary chemical product used to break up the oil into smaller droplets , include the common solvent propylene glycol , light petroleum distillates and the detergent dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate ( Greenwire , June 9 ) .
Material safety data sheets released by Corexit 's manufacturer identify the three substances as potentially hazardous , advising users to avoid getting the dispersant " in eyes , on skin , on clothing . "
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) , which enforces worker - safety standards onshore and near shore in the Gulf , continues to affirm that its tests show no risk of unsafe chemical exposures among responders to the spill .
Jordan Barab , deputy assistant secretary at OSHA , told reporters yesterday that his agency is monitoring " on the beaches , in the swamps , on the boats , everywhere that workers are .
... [ W ]e have found no exposure levels to any chemicals that are of any concern . "
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
Image taken from the Russian social networking website " Odnoklassniki " , or Classmates , shows a woman journalists have identified as Anna Chapman , who appeared at a hearing Monday , June 28 , 2010 in New York federal court .
This undated image taken from the Russian social networking website " Odnoklassniki " , or Classmates , shows a woman journalists have identified as Anna Chapman , who appeared at a hearing Monday , June 28 , 2010 in New York federal court .
The endgame came last Saturday , on a sweltering early summer afternoon in downtown Washington .
The year was 2010 , but the Cold War might never have ended .
The FBI undercover agent , purporting to be a Russian government official , and a suburban travel agency employee named Mikhail Semenko met on a street corner six blocks east of the White House , and exchanged pre-arranged code phrases .
" Could we have met in Beijing in 2004 ?
Yes , we might have , but I believe it was in Harbin . "
With the formalities out of the way , the pair got down to serious business , discussing problems with communications equipment , before the undercover agent gave Semenko a newspaper folded around an envelope containing $ 5,000 .
The package was to be dropped off at an agreed spot in a park in suburban Arlington the following day .
Semenko carried out his instructions .
Within hours he was arrested along with nine other people across north - eastern US , all of them accused of belonging to a network of Russian deep - cover secret agents , spying on the United States .
Whatever else , the operation had not been rushed ; some of the alleged agents had been living here since the early 1990s , when the Soviet Union was still warm in its grave .
The FBI , court papers show , had been on the case since at least 2004 .
Most of the suspects had acquired American identities , American families , American jobs and American children .
They were unimpeachably suburban , imbued with the bedrock suburban virtues of faith , family and proper living – and owning your own home .
Take Richard and Cynthia Murphy , referred to in the court filing as ' the New Jersey Conspirators ' .
They lived with their two young daughters in the little town of Montclair , a dozen miles west of New York City , in a smartly painted house with a trim and tended garden , resplendent with hydrangeas .
The house seems to have had a bit of history , however , with their masters in Moscow .
The Murphys wanted to buy it themselves , " a natural progression of our prolonged stay here " , they explained to the SVR , the Russian intelligence service intercepted by the FBI .
It was a convenient way of solving their particular housing problem and , they added , a nice way to " ' do as the Romans do ' in a society that values home ownership " .
But the SVR apparently balked .
Maybe the house would cost too much , maybe it considered the Murphys were going a bit too native .
In the end a compromise was reached : the house would technically be owned by " C " – Moscow Centre – but the Murphys would live in it .
Such were the vicissitudes of being one of the ' Illegals , ' as the FBI termed the network .
The name was a nod to one of the great traditions of the espionage business , of deep - cover agents who built their entire lives in their target countries , operating without diplomatic cover .
Illegals have left a lasting mark on the history of spying .
There was Rudolf Abel , who ran a major Soviet spy ring in the US until his arrest in 1957 , even as he pretended to be an artist .
There were Peter and Helen Kroger , seemingly innocuous antiquarian bookdealers who lived in quintessentially suburban Ruislip near London – until they were unmasked in 1961 as ringleaders of the Portland Spy Ring that stole important British naval secrets .
Over the years the tradecraft of spying has changed .
Back then , microfilm and dead drops were the order of the day .
Dead drops and " brush - passes " feature in this 21st - century tale of illegals , as well as tried and trusty ' " micro- bursts " of encrypted data , now called " radiograms " , that can be picked up by a receiver set to the proper frequency .
But the newly uncovered network also employed state - of - the - art communications between laptop computers set to special networks , as well as " steganography " , where secret data is hidden in a seemingly normal computer screen image .
Even so , the early indications are that this bunch of illegals will not occupy a very exalted place when the definitive history of the second oldest profession is written .
Apart from the aforementioned Murphys , the couples include Donald Heathfield and Tracey Foley of Cambridge , Massachusetts , as well as Vicky Pelaez , a writer for the Spanish language paper El Diario , who lived with her husband , Juan Lazaro , a few miles up the Hudson River from New York City .
Then there were Michael Zottoli and Patricia Mills , residents of a high - rise block of flats in Arlington , Virginia , just across the river from Washington DC .
Semenko , however , to be in a slightly different category , as does Anna Chapman , the 10th individual arrested .
A 28 - year - old divorcee who bears a passing resemblance to a Russian tennis starlet , she was described by the New York Post yesterday as " a flame - haired , 007 - worthy beauty who flitted from high - profile parties to top - secret meetings around Manhattan " .
According to court papers , Ms Chapman had 10 Wednesday encounters with a Russian official , where she would sit in various New York public spaces – ranging from a Tribeca bookshop to a coffee shop in Times Square – and transmit information over private wireless networks .
Her lawyer insists she is perfectly harmless – but prosecutors claim she is a " highly trained " Russian agent and " a practised deceiver " who had to be denied bail .
Most importantly , both she and Semenko seem to have retained their original Russian identities .
Not so the eight others , the true " illegals " whose real names may never be known .
Anyone who has seen
The Day of the Jackal will know how easy it could have been for the SVR to take the birth certificate of a dead American or Canadian to build new , entirely false personas for its agents .
Richard and Cynthia Murphy , Michael Zottoli and Patricia Mills , who are you really ?
From the court papers , Semenko and Chapman would appear to be links between the eight and the Russians .
If the group has a single co-ordinator it would appear to be the 11th alleged conspirator , Christopher Metsos , who travels on a Canadian passport and was reportedly arrested yesterday in Cyprus .
The court papers depict him as the paymaster , under surveillance by the FBI since 2004 , if not before .
Quite possibly , the group , as prosecutor Michael Farbiarz maintains , is just " the tip of the iceberg . "
Indeed , if the former KGB officer Oleg Gordievsky , who was exfiltrated to Britain in 1985 , is to be believed , the SVR may be running 40 or 50 couples as deep - cover agents in the US .
If so , the question must be asked : are they getting good value for this long - term investment ?
The evidence suggests not .
Ensconced in suburban New Jersey , the Murphys , for instance , were asked for information about President Obama 's trip to Russia in the summer of 2009 , and for details of Washington 's stance on the new nuclear arms reduction treaty that was signed a few months ago .
From their base in Cambridge , the Heathfield / Foley duo is said to have established contact with an American nuclear weapons specialist .
But no classified information ever changed hands : the 11 are not even charged with espionage , merely with failing to register as agents of a foreign government , an offence that carries a maximum jail term of five years .
Rudolf Abel or Helen and Peter Kroger – this motley band is not .
Indeed the entire concept of illegals may now be somewhat passé .
As any intelligence officer will admit , the vast bulk of his raw material is already in the public domain as " open source material " .
In the internet age , that proportion has surely increased .
But nothing matches the appeal of what is not in the public domain ; as messages intercepted by the FBI indicate , the SVR was after " tidbits unknown publicly but revealed in private by sources close to the state department government and major think - tanks . "
Nor is the failing exclusively Russian .
It was the Bush administration 's obsession with secret intelligence , no matter how dodgy the source , that led to a disastrous war in the name of non-existent WMD .
Belfast Telegraph
A few days ago , Alan Dershowitz was awarded an honorary doctorate by Tel Aviv University , at which I teach .
In a rousing speech , Dershowitz expressed his anger at Israeli Professors who support a Western boycott against Israeli Universities , a position that I , like Dershowitz , find morally dubious .
Nevertheless he proudly argued that it would be both non-democratic and against the Jewish spirit of plugta , incisive argumentation , to curtail these professors freedom of speech , thus supporting the principled stance of Professor Joseph Klafter , president of Tel Aviv University , who has stated that he will by no means compromise either freedom of speech or academic freedom .
It is of great importance to differentiate between those who delegitimize Israel and spread hatred against it , and those liberal critics of Israel who fully support not only its right to exist ( which should be a matter of course – it is a country recognized by international law since 1948 ) , but take into account that Israel , by no means , is solely responsible for the lack of a peace agreement with the Palestinians .
J Street in the U.S. and JCall in Europe are both clearly pro-Israel , but have expressed their concern that Israels continued construction activity in settlements and in East Jerusalem is on the way to making the two - state solution impossible .
Open gallery view Alan Dershowitz Credit : Ofer Vaknin
Dershowitz has lately been involved in an incisive argument with J Street and JCall .
I believe that an intensive dialogue between Israeli liberals and Jewish liberals in the U.S. is of great importance .
Hence , I want to try to clarify the points of contention between Dershowitz , J Street and JCall .
I first want to formulate what seem to me the core values of a liberal position on Israel :
Is Israels settlement activity essential to its security ?
The majority of liberals , including many retired Israeli generals , think that the settlements do not increase Israeli security .
Their only result is that many Israeli troops are committed to the defense of these settlements and increase friction with Palestinians .
In the age of rockets , Israels security doesnt hinge on a few square kilometers , but on its geopolitical standing and technological superiority .
Should Israels defense of human rights be an overriding value ?
Liberals believe that it is an overriding value that Israel should be a country that upholds and protects human rights .
Hence , they argue , Israel forfeit sovereignty over the West Bank and the Arab parts of West Jerusalem , even if they are they contain sites of great historical and religious importance to Judaism .
Otherwise , as Ehud Barak has pointed out repeatedly , Israel will have to choose between being a binational democracy and becoming an apartheid state .
On these two issues Dershowitzs point of view has been clear and consistent along the years .
He has been an advocate for peace and for the two - state solution , and his stance on human rights , freedom of speech and freedom of the press has been uncompromising .
I was glad to read his interview with Akiva Eldar in Haaretz lately , in which he took a strong stance for freedom of the press in Israel and called Haaretz a beacon of light in the Middle East , because its unfailing commitment to these ideals .
Here we come to the point of contention between Dershowitz and groups like J Street and JCall :
Is being pro-Israel consistent with criticizing Israeli policies ?
Does being pro-Israel mean that as a Diaspora Jew you are required to support the policies of Israeli governments even if they contradict the values upheld in the first two points ?
Or can you be pro-Israel and an outspoken critic of its governments policy , because you think that this policy harms Israel in the short or long term ?
Dershowitz has claimed that the reason many liberal Diaspora Jews , including staunch supporters of Israel , criticize Israel is that , They want to disassociate themselves because otherwise they wo n't be invited to dinner parties .
I believe that such a generalized statement is unfair and inexact .
Many of these Jews like Bernard - Henri Levy and Alain Finkielkraut have supported Israel staunchly for decades , but have argued that Israels settlement policy has catastrophic consequences .
Why should taking such a position - which has recently been reiterated powerfully by opposition leader Tzipi Livni - be taken as a sign of weakness rather than a principled criticism of a state whose best interest one has in mind ?
Many of us are more worried than ever because , while Israel is certainly not solely responsible for the continuing conflict with the Palestinians , its settlement policy is gradually making the two - state solution , which is the only way of safeguarding Israel as a democratic state of the Jewish people , impossible .
This is the background of the emergence of J Street and JCall , and not self - serving embarrassment .
Dershowitzs call that the pro-Israel community speak with one voice about Israels security , while understandable , is opposed to the spirit of plugta that he evoked in his acceptance speech at Tel Aviv University .
J Street and JCall can legitimately support the position of Israels opposition , and that of one of the coalition partners , the Labor Party .
If Diaspora Jews who want to be helpful to Israel sincerely believe that Israels policies must change for the sake of Israels future , they are required to voice their views which are an expression of caring and friendship .
A very cautious assessment from the Federal government suggests that a proposed law requiring broadcast radio stations to pay performance fees to musicians and record companies might have some negative consequences .
The Performance Rights
Act could prompt some stations to make " adjustments , " warns the Government Accountability Office , " such as reducing staff levels , switching to a nonmusic format , and ceasing operation . "
On the other hand , the bill could help record labels by providing a new multimillion dollar annual revenue stream for record companies .
They , in turn , could " use the additional revenue to invest more heavily in the creative process of music . "
These projections come from " industry stakeholders , " the draft report carefully adds .
The document takes no stand on the legislation , and is only a preliminary study .
Still , you could come away with a sense that GAO thinks this is a zero - sum proposal in which one side ( the music business ) has much to gain , and the other ( radio stations ) has lots to lose .
Can 'o fish
We here at Ars have n't taken any stand on the PRA either , except to periodically check in on the battle royale and come away appalled at the rhetoric of both sides .
The broadcasters spout xenophobic tirades about " companies based overseas " robbing " hometown radio stations " ( like Clear Channel's ? ) of their hard earned money — and a few of them are n't above calling for a blacklist of pro-PRA musicians .
Meanwhile the media companies fight back with moronic stunts like sending a can of fish to the National Association of Broadcasters — because their arguments are " red herrings " ... get it ?
That 's why the GAO 's assessment is a refreshing break — a dispassionate look at the impact of the proposed law .
At present , satellite and Internet radio stations have to pay fees to both songwriters and performers .
But over - the - air radio stations only have to pay the songwriters .
If you think that 's unfair , you 're not alone .
Aside from performance groups and record companies , Pandora online radio supports the PRA for just that reason .
So Representative John Conyers ' H.R. 848 would level the playing field via the following performance royalty schedule for broadcast radio stations :
Type of broadcast radio station Radio station annual revenue Proposed royalty Commercial $ 1.25 million and above Royalty rate to be negotiated between broadcast radio stations and copyright holders or set by the copyright royalty judges $ 500,000 to $ 1,249,999 $ 5,000 per year $ 100,000 to $ 499,999 $ 2,500 per year Less than $ 100,000 $ 500 per year Noncommercial $ 100,000 and above $ 1,000 per year Less than $ 100,000 $ 500 per year
How would this performance fee money be distributed ?
Conyers ' law would divide the cash this way : 50 percent paid to the performance copyright holder ( often a record label ) , 45 percent to the musician or performer , 2.5 percent distributed to " background musicians , " and the same percentage given to " background performers and vocalists . "
We 're wondering how this last provision would work for the huge chorus in Mahler 's 8th Symphony , aka " Symphony of a Thousand , " but no doubt they 'll figure something out if the bill ever gets to President Obama 's desk ( he supports it , by the way ) , and if a broadcast classical music radio station ever plays that piece again .
Down down down
But the GAO report points out that this proposal comes in the context of declining revenues for both over - the - air radio and the record business .
The Recording Industry Association of America told the agency that sales of CDs and ( ahem ) cassettes dropped by 60 percent between 1999 and 2008 .
RIAA added that this shortfall has been " partially offset " by digitally downloaded tunes — these amounted to 30 percent of sales in 2008 .
Digital revenue does n't make up for the CD / cassettes decline , the trade association insists , because most of those downloads go for 99 cents , rather than $ 10 or more for physical albums .
The music industry also complained about piracy , of course .
" Stakeholders with whom we spoke said that the ability to acquire music on - demand , " the study notes , " without paying for a copy that would be retained , has led to a culture where younger listeners think all music should be free . "
But it should be noted that the GAO recently audited big content 's piracy claims , and found them wanting , to put it mildly .
Meanwhile broadcasters told GAO that advertising revenue for radio stations has dropped by about eight percent between 2003 and 2008 .
One of the biggest factors in this decline , of late , has been the auto industry 's meltdown , which prompted the closure of many auto dealers — who were once faithful advertisers on local radio stations .
" Consumer fragmentation " has also hurt broadcast radio , broadcasters complained .
That 's a nice way of saying millions of people , a preponderance of them young , have abandoned over - the - air radio for MP3 players and online services like Last.fm and Pandora .
Symbiosis ?
Despite these tough times , GAO says a symbiotic relationship between broadcasters and music companies persists .
" The recording industry benefits from its relationship with the broadcast radio industry by receiving broadcast radio airplay , which promotes the sale of records and concert tickets , " the report neatly explains .
" The broadcast radio industry benefits by using sound recordings to attract listeners , which in turn generates advertising revenue for radio stations . "
In fact , those payola " pay for air play " scandals that pop up from time to time illustrate how valuable broadcast stations are for the recording industry , the GAO observes .
But this relationship is n't as sweet a deal as it used to be for the record business , in large part because so much radio listening has migrated away from the broadcast platform and to downloads and the Web .
" Because some new platforms enable listeners to hear music on demand without buying it , listeners have shifted to music ' access ' and away from the purchasing behavior that historically supported the recording industry , " the report adds .
" As a result , airplay leads to fewer sales and therefore has less promotional value today than before alternative platforms existed . "
Winners and losers
So where would the passage of the PRA leave this shifting scenario ?
For broadcasters it would result in both " financial costs , in the form of royalty payments for the use of sound recordings , and administrative costs , in the form of potential reporting requirements , " GAO says .
Broadcasting stakeholders warned the government that these expenses , in turn , might result in staff reductions , license holders switching to even more talk radio ( the horror ! ) , or license sales .
On the other hand , GAO estimates that the law would generate at least $ 18.7 million for the music industry , and that 's just based on how much cash could be extracted from broadcast stations that earn less than $ 1.25 million in annual revenue .
Since the PRA requires copyright royalty judges to estimate the payments for the top earners , the Accountability Office says it can't crunch those numbers yet — at least not until it reviews past copyright judge decisions and adds them to its final report on the PRA .
" Stakeholders with whom we spoke said that the additional revenue from a performance right would benefit record companies , musicians and performers , and session musicians differently , but could lead to more investment in the creation of music , " the report concluded .
" By increasing the revenues derived from a song , the act could encourage record companies and musicians to make additional investments in music . "
So there you have it : costs for broadcasters and millions for the music industry and performance artists .
It will be up to members of Congress to decide whether the tradeoff is worth it .
The Federal Communications Commission , which sent a response letter to the GAO , says it hopes the final report mentions the potential negative consequences of possible radio station layoffs and shutdowns .
" This discussion might note the potential impact on the public interest from those actions , " the FCC suggested .
" For example , the necessity to make staff cuts would conceivably diminish the ability of a radio station to continue to provide service to its community ...
This news and information programming can be critical at times of emergency , such as natural disasters , adverse weather , and other crises . "
Electrifying Examples Human Photo Manipulations
I have gathered amazing master pieces of Human Photo Manipulations done by very very talented digital artists from different sites .
Combining images and manipulating it to make one different image or scene is different , but mixing effects and images with Human photography requires great talent .
Below are some amazing examples .
Hope you enjoy them 🙂
STAND UP AND DANCE by * Martinovich
Poetry In Motion by ~ Msch
Awake Again_01 by ~D - Guru
rnb – Silent Rush by ~ SmoothSqu4d
STARDUST by ~fee1
From Creativefan.com
Reawakening by ~mOsk
[ ad1 ]
Freedom by ~rgquarkup
Blazing Blue by * OutlawRave
Krump
It by ~craZy18gurl
Electric Feel by = An1ken
heart breaker by * Modernarsonist
Falling Through Time by ~ Brolando
Passion for Dance by ~ Greenbeard
Bangkit by ~helick
electric by ~priesteres
Zenit by ~ Manumora
Lodz2012 3_3 by ~mOsk
Jump Effect by ~angelkoh11
RAPE by ~fee1
The Gulf oil spill and the global financial crisis both demonstrate the failings of big government .
Partisan politics obscures the linkage , with the consequence that each political party repeats the mistakes of the other as its turn to govern arrives .
First , consider the oil spill .
BP and its contractors are surely responsible for the accident .
They may also be responsible for a poor response .
The nature and scope of legal culpability is yet to be determined .
What is the government 's role ?
Offshore drilling is a dangerous ...
Advertisements
Author Joe McGinnis was on NBC ’s Today show this morning in an attempt to bat back some of the wild accusations that Sarah Palin has been posting on her Facebook page about him .
McGinniss shot back at Palin by comparing her to the Nazis , “ And that ’s the same kind of tactic and I ’m not calling her a Nazi , but that ’s the same kind of tactic that the Nazi troopers used in Germany in the ’30s . ”
Here is the video of McGinnis on the Today show :
Advertisements
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
McGinniss dealt with Palin ’s attacks on him as a stalker , and her Facebook post ’s implication that he has an eye on her young daughter , “ No , Matt and I ’ll tell you exactly why and I ’ll tell you how all this came about .
I moved here and did n’t tell anybody outside my family that I was moving here .
I wanted to tell the Palins directly , personally , face to face , and then hopefully work out with them some accommodation of where we could all live peacefully , if not with great friendship over the course of the next three months or so until Labor Day .
Sarah hysterically puts up this Facebook page with all sorts of ugly innuendo , which , which frankly , you know it ’s revolting , the things that she has caused people to say about me .
She has created all the publicity .
I did n’t expect any publicity at all .
I wish she had n’t said a word .
When asked by Matt Lauer if he wishes he would have rented a different house , McGinniss answered , “ No .
You know what actually what I ’ve learned from that , Matt .
And what you just recited , it ’s very informative .
And I think it ’s probably a lesson for the American people of the power Palin has to incite hatred and her willingness and readiness to do it .
She has pushed a button and unleashed the Hounds of Hell , and now that they ’re out there slavering and barking and growling .
And that ’s the same kind of tactic and I ’m not calling her a Nazi , but that ’s the same kind of tactic that the Nazi troopers used in Germany in the ’30s .
And I do n’t think there is any place for it in America . ”
This afternoon Palin took to her Facebook page again , and continued to use her children as human shields , “ The interview itself was quite an eye - opener .
I ’m not sure what “ ugly innuendo ” was in my Facebook post or why it is so controversial to suggest that the presence of a hostile “ journalist ” writing a hostile book about me is an imposition on my children who simply want to enjoy their summer outside .
When I say or write “ leave my kids alone , ” it means simply that : let my kids have a fun summer without having a “ journalist ” 15 ft from their play area . ”
She also used her kids as cover for her hate tactics , “ How that equates me with the Nazis is quite beyond me .
If receiving nasty emails and even death threats is the standard by which we judge “ inciting hatred , ” then the left in this country has been “ inciting hatred ” on my family for almost two years now .
We do n’t complain about this or call people “ Nazis ” because we value freedom of speech enough to believe that even ignorant and hateful people have a right to it .
It ’s a shame that a self - proclaimed “ journalist ” does n’t understand this . ”
McGinniss ’s comparison of her tactics to the tactics used by the Nazis is appropriate .
Sarah Palin ’s power rests with her ability to manipulate and divide .
Palin manipulates by playing the all American Mom , and then she tries to use her position as a mother as a battering ram against her enemies .
Mind you , all Joe McGinniss did was move next door , and the last time I checked the Constitution protects our ability to reside where we please .
If Joe McGinniss really presents a threat to Palin , then why has n’t she notified law enforcement , or gotten a restraining order ?
The truth is that McGinniss has not done anything wrong .
As long as he does n’t bother the Palins , he is well within his rights to live next door to them .
Palin has used every instrument in her tool box of hate to try to scare McGinniss off of writing his book .
I still ca n’t help but wonder why Palin is so afraid of McGinniss and his book , and make no mistake about it , this drama that she has created has everything to do with the book and nothing to do with the man himself .
For her entire political career , Palin ’s star has been fueled by hate .
She is the anti-Obama , who was hoping to divide America and ride those divisions to the White House in 2012 .
The McGinniss incident , instead of helping Palin , could end up hurting her .
Many in the national media who had given her a free pass are now getting their first glimpse of the real Sarah Palin .
She has fallen from charismatic political newcomer to hysterically paranoid cult leader in record time .
Not only does this spat with McGinniss hurt her credibility for 2012 , but by not being able to keep her mouth shut , Palin has ensured that Joe McGinniss with have a national bestseller .
Once again , Palin ’s own defective character proves to be her own worst enemy .
sK1 team released a new version of UniConvertor , a free vector graphics converter .
Here comes the review .
UniConvertor , the free vector graphics conversion tool , has n't really been known to follow " release early , release often " policy .
The newly released v1.1.5 is the first one since June 2009 .
We never covered UC before , so here is some background for you .
History of UniConvertor dates back to Libre Graphics Meeting 2007 in Montreal where sK1 , free vector graphics editor , was presented to the audience for the first time .
One of the key features of the editor was initial support for CDR importing .
This particular functionality was considered too important to be available in just one application , and thus UniConvertor was born as a distributable part of sK1 that does just conversion between vector file formats .
Over the past three years UC gained support for more file formats and was adopted by Scribus and Inkscape — most popular free design and desktop publishing tools .
The new version comes with a number of important changes quite worth reviewing .
Internal changes
In the past months UniConvertor has gone through a series of significant internal changes .
The new version is based on the sK1 0.9.1 engine that the team had been working for last year or so .
This engine called sk1libs was created to ease syncing sK1 and UniConvertor and includes import / export filters , colour management code , PDF generator , font engine and file system utilities .
Does it all matter for end -users ?
Actually , yes , and here is why .
First of all , all the latest and greatest in import / export filters is now automatically available in UniConvertor .
While sK1 is number one test - bed for new file formats support , the ecosystem of free graphics design tools is much larger than that , and you really want latest changes available to you whether you are Inkscape or Scribus user .
Next thing is colour management .
The existing implementation used to have a number of issues on various platforms because of Python bindings to LittleCMS .
The team claims that the new , rewritten from scratch implementation ( simply put , its own implementation of python - lcms ) was designed with multiple platforms in mind and above all handles CMYK , RGB , Lab and Grayscale profiles transparently .
And here is why colour management is important for UniConvertor :
The next change is font engine .
If you ever used WMF importer from Inkscape that has been using UniConvertor since 0.46 , you do remember not seeing text objects in the output and the swearing you heard from it will keep haunting you in the years coming .
These were the remnants of old fonts related code in Skencil ( on which sK1 is based , just to remind you ) .
The new font engine is much smarter : it allows using all fonts installed in your system , helps UniConvertor parsing font objects correctly when importing or exporting and has a built - in fallback mechanism for missing fonts .
The aforementioned new PDF generator is based on ReportLab and thus produces PDF documents of rather good quality on all supported platforms .
The new engine does not depend on Reportlab , however .
Instead it simply uses relevant bits of the package , because a ) not all Linux distributions have ReportLab ( e.g. OpenSuse 11.2 ) and b) ReportLab does n't care desktop publishing needs , which makes things like CMYK bitmaps go sulking alone .
I can see how it makes sense for the team to customize existing code , so let 's just hope that when they fix this , they do a backport of their changes to upstream ReportLab .
Apart from that alpha channel is now handled for flat fills and bitmaps .
Support for new file formats
The new version focuses on support for popular embroidery and cutting plotter file formats : PLT , DXF ( which is often used by cutting plotters ) , DST ( Design format ( Tajima ) ) , PES ( Embroidery file format ( Brother ) ) , EXP ( Embroidery file format ( Melco ) ) and PCS ( Design format ( Pfaff home ) ) .
Unfortunately as of this version images can be saved only to PLT .
Which is probably not exactly bad , because in many cases you need fine control over output with live preview .
And for this there already are solutions like InkCut .
Another thing worth noting here is that newly supported file formats are not recognized when you try to import images via Inkscape .
It involves writing few simple extensions for Inkscape on the Inkscape 's side , but for upcoming 0.48 it 's probably too late .
User interface
One of the important additions to the new version is a simple graphical user interface that integrates with both standard Windows file manager and any Linux file manager that supports FreeDesktop specification , like Dolphin ( KDE4 ) and Nautilus ( GNOME ) :
When you choose this menu item , you see a very simple dialogue , where you can select an output file format and click " Convert " button to have a file created in the very same directory .
The output file will be names as file name + original extension + new extension .
E.g. bl00012 _.wmf from example above will become bl00012_.wmf.svg .
You also need to remember that depending on a file in question conversion might take quite a while .
For example , a DXF file with nearly 15.000 objects took several minutes to process .
Luckily there is a progress dialogue , so you can always see where you are :
You can also run the application from system menu on Linux ( e.g. Applications > Graphics > UniConvertor in GNOME ) and by running uniconvw.vbs command on Windows .
There is no support for batch conversion yet .
It is a bugger , but there you go .
The team promises to implement it in one of the next versions .
So you are user of Inkscape for Windows
UniConvertor has been Inkscape - friendly from day one , being started as a project at the request of Inkscape team back in the olden days ( well , three years ago , actually , but it does feel like ages ago ) .
Windows version of Inkscape used to be shipped with internal copy of UniConvertor , since it contained its own copy of Python anyway .
However this copy is ancient and broken .
To make you Windows people happy and joyful UniConvertor now ships a small script that patches some files in Inkscape 's installation so that Inkscape would use external standalone version of UniConvertor .
If you want details , read a text document called " About Inkscape patch " accessible from UC 's folder in the Start menu .
Future plans
As I was given to understand , root of all evil the reason for many issues in UniConvertor is in the inherited code from Skencil .
So there will be another major rewrite of all filters .
But fear not : the team with its hands on the Bible promises to change filters one by one , not all at once .
Otherwise you would be knee deep in bugs , cursing the team , and who 's the winner ?
The first claimant for a rewrite is CDR et al.
importer , since it's what is most interesting for sponsors of the project .
Next will be SVG , AI and EPS .
There also is some code for importing XAR ( Xara Xtreme ) documents already hanging around , which might spare Inkscape team some efforts .
Another feature you are interested in for sure is so called managed conversion , that is — each filter will have its own set of options accessible to users , like " Convert RGB colours to CMYK " , " Convert all text objects to curves " , " Use custom colour profiles " and so forth .
On a lighter note
And finally , let me make the sun shine brighter for you today : the next unstable version of Scribus is coming with a much better support for UniConvertor .
How exactly better ?
You get previews in the file opener .
Fancy !
A study conducted by Oregon Governor Ted Kulongoski shows that Oregon will not be bailed out by a rebounding economy , assuming of course the economy rebounds at all .
Please consider
New report says Oregon faces decade of budget deficits
Oregon risks 10 years of crushing , multibillion - dollar budget shortfalls unless it immediately puts the brakes on spending and starts offering fewer services , cautions a new report released Thursday .
This is no attack by anti-tax or anti-government factions .
The warning comes from Gov. Ted Kulongoski's " reset Cabinet , " a group of trusted advisers he appointed to assess the state 's long - term fiscal outlook and suggest changes .
" We find that Oregon faces a decade of deficits , during which we cannot expect to be bailed out by a rebounding economy or a more generous federal government , " the report , says .
If state spending is allowed to grow at its current rate , it goes on to say , " lawmakers and voters will find themselves again and again between the rock and the hard place of cutting services or raising taxes . "
Why Oregon Must Reset State Government
Inquiring minds are investigating an Update from the Governor ’s Reset Cabinet
We conclude that the state will face a decade of deficits if it tries to sustain the type and scope of services it now provides .
Business - as - usual budgets will no longer suffice .
Current services , as currently structured , will be unsustainable .
We must rethink and refocus our priorities , move from short - term budgeting to long - term planning and develop smarter ways to meet our responsibilities in the challenging years ahead .
In that process , we must reaffirm our common goals and judge what we are doing now and what we propose to change by well defined measures of success .
In the end , we must be willing to adopt new ways to organize and deliver services , control costs and get the best value for our tax dollars .
Revenue growth is expected to resume as the economy recovers and should make up for the loss of one - time funds that sustain the current budget .
The most likely scenario is that Oregon will have approximately the same level of general fund resources to work with in the next biennium ( 2011 - 13 ) as it has in the current biennium .
But increasing costs , needs and demands will drive the expenditure side of the budget far beyond its resources .
When compared to the cost of maintaining the current level of services , the state faces a shortfall of more than two billion dollars , or 13 percent of its next budget – a shortfall that persists at that
two billion dollar level in budget projections through 2019 .
As a result , we find that Oregon faces a decade of deficits , during which we cannot expect to be bailed out by a rebounding economy or a more generous federal government .
In fact , trends in both categories could make our fiscal future even more challenging .
It is important to recognize that Oregon is not alone .
Most states face similar challenges .
Some are beginning to talk about “ reset initiatives ” of their own .
Oregon Overestimates the Recovery , Underestimates What Needs to be Done
My sense is that states are all overestimating what the recovery will do .
That aside , Oregon is a step ahead of others in realizing the recovery alone will not fix the problem .
The report made no recommendations even though it is crystal clear what needs to happen .
For starters , the state needs to kill defined benefit plans for new hires .
Next , the state needs to outsource everything possible with the goal of getting rid of all public unions .
Anything else is just pecking at the fringes of the problem .
Proposed Pay Freeze in Illinois
Please consider this editorial opinion in the Rockford Register .
Our View : State ’s fiscal fix needs to start with real pay freezes
If Illinois ’ elected officials truly are serious about creating a responsible budget , they would freeze the wages of all government employees .
No raises .
No steps or lanes .
No cost of living increases .
Nothing .
Instead , the budget that Gov. Pat Quinn has proposed calls for $ 1.5 billion more in spending with $ 350 million of that money dedicated to increasing wages for government union employees .
Some of those raises range from 7 percent to 20 percent — unheard - of amounts in the private sector where most of the taxpayers work .
The taxpayers in the private sector have been getting their wages cut , their benefits slashed and have seen pensions go the way of the dodo bird .
Government union workers seem oblivious to the struggles of their private - sector counterparts .
Illinois ’ unemployment rate is 11.2 percent , higher than the national 9.5 percent .
Union workers stage rallies that ask for tax increases that would further drain the wallets of taxpayers while providing enough money to keep their jobs and benefits safe .
Unions have refused to have their contracts renegotiated .
They ’ve resisted efforts to pay more for health costs .
They ’ve sued the state to avoid layoffs that would have helped the state save money .
They seem to think the tax well is bottomless .
...
Jonathan who lives in Rockford says ...
Mish ,
I live in Rockford , IL .
Check out the Rockford Register Star editorial on a proposed wage freeze for state workers .
Obviously , their solution is tepid , but this is a VERY liberal newspaper .
If even they are writing things like this about the public employee unions , what you and others are doing is starting to sink in .
Keep up the good work .
Jonathan
Thanks Jonathan .
Union wages and benefits are the number one fiscal issue with states and scores of cities .
I am doing what I can to inform people what is happening .
A month after the huge general strike march of the 5th of May and the tragic event that accompanied it , Greek workers ' reactions to the austerity measures continue .
A full month has passed since what many believe to have been the biggest and most powerful protest march in Greece in the 36 years since the founding of the Republic : the May 5th general strike march in Athens which ended in the tragic death of 3 bank workers as a result of an arson attack against Marfin Bank 's central branch on Stadiou street .
The arson has been blamed on the anarchists , leading to a chain reaction of public criticism , self - criticism and counter - criticism / self - criticism announcements by dozens of anarchist , anti-authoritarian and libertarian groups across the country .
The month which has passed has not been without struggles , consisting of a general strike , PAME ( Communist Party umbrella union ) impressive 100,000 strong march in Athens , and several smaller sector strikes , the most vocal of which has been the Piraeus dockworkers one last week .
Organised mostly under PAME control the dockworkers strike imposed a 24h blockade on the main port of the country last Monday , the day during which the Italian cruise - boat Zenith was supposed to sail in filled with tourists .
As a previous dockworkers strike had prevented the offloading of tourists from Zenith some weeks ago , tourist agents with the thinly veiled backing of the government announced they would man a counter - blockade so as to allow Zenith passengers to disembark , a move that would have certainly caused clashes between workers and strike - breaking thugs at the pay of the tourism cartel .
Avoiding the confrontation , Zenith opted not to sail into Piraeus at all , a move that was seen as a victory for the strike .
Other than that in the last week industrial action against the austerity measures has included a 24h strike by journalists which saw all TV Radio and internet news blacked - out for a day and a 24h public transport strike in Athens .
The private and public sector umbrella unions GSEE and ADEDY have called for a demo against the measures in Athens tomorrow .
Meanwhile , the government has announced a first package of privitisations of state companies , including the Railways and the Post - Office .
Railway workers announced today that they are ready to withdraw their labour in response .
However hints by the government of an intention to curtail social security schemes has caused a back - bencher rebellion with as many as 14 out of 160 government MPs ( enough to cause a collapse of legislating procedure , or a direct dependence of the Socialists on the fascist party ) have declared they will oppose any further measures .
Even before the announcement today , the bourgeois media have been rife with stories of a split government where only three Cabinet Ministers are actually supporting the PM 's aggressive IMF - EU love affair .
Mr Papandreou has been trying to offer scapegoats for public consumption in the form of accusing so - called " burned - out " ex-Ministers of previous Socialist administrations for corruption .
The trick seems to have backfired however as on the one hand it has opened the floodgates of inner-party accusations , while on the other hand failing to convince the Greek public , which is fully aware of the extent and degree of corruption , of the sincerity of the act .
French police picture of Caserio
Sante Geronimo Caserio ( Italian : [ ˈsante caˈzɛrjo ] ; 8 September 1873 – 16 August 1894 ) was an Italian anarchist and the assassin of Marie François Sadi Carnot , President of the French Third Republic .
Caserio was born in Motta Visconti , Lombardy .
On 24 June 1894 , he fatally stabbed President Carnot after a banquet , to avenge the executions of anarchist bombers Auguste Vaillant and Émile Henry .
Biography [ edit ]
Sante Caserio was a Lombardy - born son of a peasant family , who had many brothers and sisters .
His father was a boatman and named him Geronimo in honor of the Apache leader .
His father died of pellagra , at the time a common disease among farmers whose poor diet was often almost exclusively corn .
At ten years old , Sante Caserio left the family home and went to Milan , where he got a job as an apprentice baker and had his first contacts with anarchists .
In Milan he joined a small group called " On Foot " ( at the time signifying " without money " ) .
Pietro Gori , referring to Caserio , remembered him as a generous person .
Among the workers and unemployed , he divided bread and anarchist pamphlets he printed with his meager salary .
In 1892 he was sentenced to eight months in prison for distributing anarchist leaflets .
Identified and singled out during a public demonstration , he was forced to flee from Italy at the age of 18 .
Declared a deserter , he first went to Switzerland and sought a job as a baker in Vienne .
He then moved to Lyon on July 21 , 1893 where he worked as a messenger . [ 1 ]
Trial and execution [ edit ]
At his trial , Caserio described the assassination in detail :
I heard the " Marseillaise " and the cries of " Vive Carnot ! " I saw the cavalry come up .
I understood that the moment had come and I held myself ready .
On seeing the President 's carriage I drew my dagger and threw away the sheath .
Then , when the carriage was passing close by me , I sprang forward to the step , supported myself by resting my left hand on the carriage , and with my right hand buried the dagger in the President 's breast . [ 2 ]
He also stated to those in attendance :
Well , if the rulers can use against us rifles , shackles and prisons , we must , we anarchists to defend our lives , we must stick to our principles ?
No .
On the contrary , our response to the rulers will be dynamite , pump , stiletto , dagger .
In short , we must do everything possible to destroy the bourgeoisie and the government .
You who are representatives of bourgeois companies , if you want my head , you can take it !
He never attempted to deny his actions or ask the judges for mercy .
He was offered the opportunity to plead insane , in exchange for giving the names of some of his accomplices , but he refused .
He told the police " Caserio is a baker , never an informer . "
The Board of Pardons decided against all appeals for clemency on 14 August .
Caserio was executed by guillotine in Lyon at precisely 5 am , 16 August 1894 .
[2 ]
In front of the guillotine , he exclaimed " Coraggio cugini— evviva l'anarchia ! " ( " Courage , cousins — long live anarchy ! " )
His death mask is now in possession of Jean - Marie Le Pen , the former leader of the French party National Front . [ 3 ]
References [ edit ]
NEW YORK -- U.S. viewership of the NHL playoffs increased 24 percent from 2009 , the league 's highest average first - round audience in 10 years .
The NHL said Friday that NBC and Versus combined to average 742,000 viewers per telecast .
That 's the most since ABC / ESPN / ESPN2 had 750,000 in 2000 .
Versus averaged 595,000 viewers , a 35 percent increase from 2009 and the league 's best showing on cable since ESPN / ESPN2 in 2001 ( 608,000 ) .
Versus averaged a . 7 rating , up 75 percent from 2009 .
NBC averaged 430,000 viewers for its four broadcasts , an 18 percent increase over 2009 .
Its 1.1 average rating was the best since 2006 and up 10 percent from last year .
The rating is the percentage of all homes with TVs , whether or not they are in use .
Bristol Palin wants to be paid $ 30,000 to to talk about abstinence - until - marriage .
Is it worth it ?
The answer is an unqualified and unmitigated “ no . ”
Here are 10 other things to do with that money .
Articles this week across the internet reveal that half - term Alaska Governor Sarah Palin ’s daughter , Bristol , is now available for speaking events such as “ conferences , fundraisers , special events and holidays , as well as women ’s , youth , abstinence and ‘ pro- life ’ programs ” for the low , low price of $ 30,000 a pop .
Bristol is famous , of course , for becoming pregnant and having a baby as a teenager .
Initially , when Bristol Palin ’s pregnancy came into the spotlight during the 2008 presidential campaign , we shied away from commenting on it .
Even though it was extraordinarily tempting to point out the ridiculous hypocrisy and blatant cognitive dissonance that came from her mother ’s position on abstinence - only - until - marriage programs even when faced with a pregnant adolescent , we respected the young Ms. Palin ’s privacy and her personal choices .
I did not and do not blame Ms. Palin for her pregnancy any more than I hold at fault the myriad other teenage girls who become unintentionally pregnant because they are failed by schools , parents , educators , and policy makers .
However , Ms. Palin ’s free pass has just expired for a couple reasons .
First , she is now nearly 20 years old .
She was born in the same year as actresses Kristin Stewart and Emma Watson of Twilight and Harry Potter fame , respectively , both of whom are the daily subject of news stories and coverage .
In other words , Bristol Palin is an adult and therefore should be treated as such .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Second , I understand that being an adult does not necessarily make you fair game for criticism if you choose to live your life in a private manner .
However , Bristol has chosen to enter the realm of politics , and she has chosen to do so for profit .
As soon as anyone decides to take their personal story and turn it into a career speaking on an issue of national importance , I think we have the right and , dare I say it , the obligation to question the motives and qualifications of that person .
Bristol Palin wants to talk to you about abstinence - until - marriage , and man oh man , does she want you to pay to hear what she has to say .
So is she worth the $ 30,000 ?
Clearly , the answer is an unqualified and unmitigated “ no . ”
There is no reason to think that listening to Bristol Palin ’s story is going to inform , educate , enrich , or stimulate you in any way .
But , if you happen to have $ 30,000 lying around and simply insist on spending it , let me suggest ten things you could do with that money that would be more productive than hiring Ms. Palin .
10 ) Hire Max Siegel to speak – Max is a courageous young man and compelling speaker who was failed by abstinence - only - until - marriage programs and contracted HIV when he was 17 .
Listening to his story will give your audience a real understanding of the true costs of abstinence - only - until - marriage programs and the damage they can cause to young people ’s lives .
Plus ,
Max is a really nice guy and could probably use the $ 30,000 a lot more than Bristol .
9 ) Hire an entry level staffer – Because of the bad economy , there are literally thousands of recent college graduates who are dedicated to the cause of sexual health and rights who are unable to find work and support themselves .
For $ 30,000 , you could hire one of these promising young people .
Not only would you get a lot more than an hour ’s speech or a day of work out of them , you ’d be giving an opportunity to the next generation of advocates to learn and grow .
8 ) Donate to a state organization – Many state organizations that support sexual health and rights and comprehensive sex education are also feeling the pinch of hard economic times .
State governments are cutting their prevention budgets left and right .
Thirty thousand dollars could go a long way toward helping many organizations keep their doors open and continue their important on - the - ground work .
Do n’t know where to find them ?
Visit www.siecus.org/stateprofiles to find organizations that support comprehensive sex education in your state .
7 ) Invest in your community – like state organizations , most local organizations and groups are struggling to make ends meet .
After - school programs and community groups can do a lot to give young people goals and focus and to curb teen pregnancy and other negative outcomes .
Similarly , a donation of $ 30,000 to your local Planned Parenthood would help insure that young women facing an unintended pregnancy would have the same opportunity to make choices that Bristol Palin did .
6 ) Donate to the One Voice : Reproductive Health and Population Summit – Every year , SIECUS , Advocates for Youth and the Sierra Club host a summit for young people across the country to teach them about sex education , environmental justice , and sustainable development .
This program is the first step in training many of the leaders of tomorrow .
A donation of $ 30,000 would allow us to bring at least 50 more young people each year to participate in the summit .
5 ) Bring 30 teen mothers to Congress – $ 30,000 would cover the airfare and hotel to bring 30 teen mothers who do not have the luxury of belonging to a millionaire family ( as Bristol Palin talks about in this bizarre PSA ) to speak to representatives in Congress about the support and education that they really need .
4 ) Pay for the first year of college or job training for 3 teen mothers – $ 30,000 does n’t pay for what is used to in terms of an education , but it could still buy a year of college or job training for at least three teen mothers .
This kind of sponsorship could help teen mothers gain access to some of the opportunities that are out of reach for them .
3 ) Update sex education curricula and provide teacher training – Teachers need training and curricula need updating .
Everyone knows this , but sometimes the challenge to fund all of it can seem too daunting to even begin .
But $ 30,000 could make a huge difference in one school , or one school district .
And you know what they say about a journey of a thousand miles …
2 ) Donate to SIECUS – Sorry , but obviously I have to put this one in .
1 ) Anything – Seriously .
Buy 30,000 copies of the Washington Post and throw them away .
Buy 30,000 McDonald ’s McDoubles © and feed them to pigeons .
Literally , almost everything you do with $ 30,000 would be more valuable than hiring Bristol Palin for a speaking engagement .
There is no question that Ms. Palin has the right to go about making a living however she pleases .
There is also no question that there are so many other valuable programs , projects and organizations that could use $ 30,000 that it would be perverse to spend the money paying her speaking fee .
I ask only that you think about true needs before you open your checkbook .
There is too much else that needs to be done for us to waste our scarce resources on such frivolity .
FOR centuries , speculation about the existence of life elsewhere in the universe was the preserve of philosophers and theologians .
Then , 50 years ago last month , the question entered the scientific sphere when a young American astronomer named Frank Drake began sweeping the skies with a radio telescope in hopes of picking up a signal from an extraterrestrial civilization .
Initially , his quest was considered somewhat eccentric .
But now the pendulum of scientific opinion has swung to the point where even a scientist of the stature of Stephen Hawking is speculating that aliens exist in other parts of our galaxy .
The search for extraterrestrial intelligence is predicated on the assumption , widely held today , that life would emerge readily on Earth - like planets .
Given that there could be upward of a billion Earth - like planets in our galaxy alone , this assumption suggests that the universe should be teeming with life .
But the notion of life as a cosmic imperative is not backed up by hard evidence .
In fact , the mechanism of life ’s origin remains shrouded in mystery .
So how can we test the idea that the transition from nonlife to life is simple enough to happen repeatedly ?
The most obvious and straightforward way is to search for a second form of life on Earth .
No planet is more Earth - like than Earth itself , so if the path to life is easy , then life should have started up many times over right here .
Searching for alternative life on Earth might seem misconceived , because there is excellent evidence that every kind of life so far studied evolved from a common ancestor that lived billions of years ago .
Yet most of the life that exists on Earth has never been properly classified .
The vast majority of species are microbes , invisible to the naked eye , and scientists have analyzed only a tiny fraction of them .
For all we know , there could be microbes with other ancestral origins living literally under our noses — or even inside our noses — constituting a sort of shadow biosphere , containing life , but not as we know it .
DeMolay is an organization dedicated to preparing young men to lead successful , happy , and productive lives .
Basing its approach on timeless principles and practical , hands - on experience , DeMolay opens doors for young men aged 12 to 21 by developing the civic awareness , personal responsibility and leadership skills so vitally needed in society today .
DeMolay combines this serious mission with a fun approach that builds important bonds of friendship among members in more than 1,000 chapters worldwide .
Image caption Military spending rose across the world last year
At a time when governments across the world have been borrowing heavily in order to spend , it seems the defence industry has benefited more than most .
Worldwide military expenditure reached $ 1,531bn ( £ 1,040 bn ) last year , a 5.9 % rise in real terms from 2008 , according to Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ( Sipri ) .
But growth in defence spending is not a new phenomenon .
Last year , while deficits ballooned in many countries , the world spent almost 50 % more on arms and military operations than it did in 2000 , Sipri 's yearbook reveals .
Strategic choice
Top 10 military spenders 2009 USA $ 661bn
China $ 100bn ( Sipri estimate )
France $ 64bn
UK $ 58bn
Russia $ 53bn
Japan $ 52bn
Germany $ 46bn
Saudi Arabia $ 41bn
India $ 36bn
Italy $ 36bn Source : Sipri
Rather than curbing spending on arms , it seems many governments have deemed it dangerous to risk job cuts in the defence sector at a time of recession .
" Many countries were increasing public spending generally in 2009 , as a way of boosting demand to combat the recession , " according to Sam Perlo - Freeman , head of the military expenditure project at Sipri .
" Although military spending was n't usually a major part of the economic stimulus packages , it was n't cut either . "
" For major or intermediate powers such as the USA , China , Russia , India and Brazil , military spending represents a long - term strategic choice which they are willing to make even in hard economic times . "
Smaller countries in central and eastern Europe , meanwhile , cut military spending in line with severe budget cuts across the board as they struggled to reduce their large deficits .
Big spenders
Image caption Military budgets might be reduced in the future
The US remains the biggest spender , accounting for some 54 % of the total , having increased its military spending by $ 47bn in real terms , Sipri said .
Since 2000 , the US has increased military spending by 63 % in real terms , according to Sipri .
Other large countries , both developing and developed , also raised military spending last year , Sipri found .
But spending rose at a much faster rate in Asia and in islands in the Pacific Ocean , where the rate of growth was 8.4 % .
And when measured as a proportion of GDP , military expenditure is greater in the Middle East than anywhere else in the world .
Looking ahead , the global aerospace and defence industry could find itself under pressure , however .
" The industry continues to be challenged by moderating defence budgets , " according to Deloitte , a consultancy .
Without a first round pick in this year ’s draft , the Devils did n’t begin their draft until today .
With six picks today , the team drafted two goaltenders and addressed some other holes within the organization .
Here ’s a recap on the Devils six picks from the 2010 NHL draft .
Second Round ( 38th Overall ) – D Jon Merrill ( U.S. National Team Developmental Program )
The Devils selected Merrill , a 6 ’ 3 ″ defenseman , with their first pick in the draft .
Merrill is described as a smooth skater with good puck movement .
Merrill had one goal and eight assists with the USNTP ’s Under - 18 team in 2009 - 2010 .
When asked by Tom Gulitti what his strengths are , the defender said “ Just being real responsible defensively , being consistent , making reliable , simple plays , but also contribute offensively and run the power play and things like that . ”
Merrill , who was expected to be drafted in the first round , may have fallen to the Devils because of disciplinary issues .
The defenseman was suspended for two weeks during the 2009 - 2010 season for an off - ice incident , where Merrill allegedly “ harassed ” a group of girls at his high school .
He also reportedly interviewed poorly during the combine .
Merrill will attend the University of Michigan next year , where he committed to when he was 14 .
The defenseman would like to play at least one year for the school .
Third Round ( 84th Overall ) – G Scott Wedgewood ( Plymouth , OHL )
With their third round pick , the Devils drafted 17 - year - old goaltender Scott Wedgewood from Etobicoke , Ontario .
Wedgewood is the first goalie drafted by the Devils ’ since the team selected Jeff Frazee 38th overall in 2005 .
Wedgewood was ranked 19th out of 30 North American goalies .
He served as a backup for Plymouth this season , going 5 - 9 - 0 with a 3.26 goals - against average and a .909 save percentage in 18 OHL games .
He appeared in four playoff games , going 1 - 0 - 1 with a 2.57 GAA and a .956 save percentage .
The goalie caught the eye of scouts and general managers alike with a 71 - save performance in a 3 - 2 overtime loss to Windsor during the playoffs .
Wedgewood was forced into action because of the suspension of Plymouth starter Matt Hackett .
Fourth Round ( 114th Overall ) – D Joe Faust ( Bloomington - Jefferson , USHS )
With the 114th selection , the Devils drafted defenseman Joe Faust from Bloomington - Jefferson High School in Minnesota .
Faust , a 5 ’ 11 ” , 190 pound defenseman , originally committed to playing for Princeton this upcoming season .
Faust , however , de-committed , and rumors are he is looking to join a Western Collegiate Hockey Association school closer to home .
Faust , an offensive - defenseman with a right - handed shot , scored 13 goals and totaled 27 assists in 25 games for Bloomington - Jefferson this season .
The Minnesota defenseman was ranked the 118th North American skater by the NHL’s Central Scouting Department .
Read after the jump for the profiles of the Devils ’ sixth and seventh round draftees .
Sixth Round ( 174th Overall ) – G Maxime Clermont ( Gatineau , QMJHL )
With their sixth round pick , the Devils drafted a second goalie , Maxime Clermont , from the Gatineau Olympiques of the QMJHL .
Clermont was ranked as the 18th best North American goaltender available by the NHL Central Scouting department .
In 2009 - 2010 , the Montreal native played in 59 regular season games , going 24 - 31 - 0 with a 2.81 goals - against average and an .897 save percentage .
In 11 postseason games , Clermont had a 3.59 goals - against average and an .887 save percentage .
Clermont played in the 2010 CHL Top Prospects Game as a member of Team Cherry .
Seventh Pick ( 204th Overall ) – RW Mauro Jorg ( Lugano , Switzerland )
With the Devils last pick of the draft , the team selected Swedish right - winger Mauro Jorg of Lugano .
Jorg was ranked as the 68th best European skater available , according to the NHL Central Scouting department .
He had one goal , seven assists and 14 penalty minutes in 44 games played for Lugano in 2009 - 2010 .
Jorg also played for Team Switzerland at the 2010 World Junior Championships , collecting three goals and one assist in seven games .
*********
That ’s your basic profiles on the Devils ’ five 2010 draft picks .
I ’ll post my analysis on the goalies later , and check out the Devils website or NHL.com for some more in - depth profiles .
Welcome and thanks for coming .
You 're here because , for some reason , you 're interested in Finch , a little programming language of mine .
Finch is still very early in development so the only people likely to be interested in it are language nerds .
Thus , the docs here will tend to assume you 're one of those .
What is Finch ?
Finch is a simple bytecode interpreted , purely object - oriented , prototype - based , dynamically - typed programming language .
It 's mostly inspired by Smalltalk , Self , and Javascript .
It is written in C++ with a hand - written lexer and parser .
It has minimal dependencies .
I want Finch to be :
Syntactically expressive yet minimal .
Your code should look beautiful and do what you want .
An example of a small , clean C++ codebase for an interpreter .
If you can read C++ and want to learn more about programming languages , I hope Finch 's code will be a good primer .
A language in the Smalltalk family that 's friendly to people coming from a text file and curly brace background .
A minimal prototype - based dynamic language .
I think prototypes are a really cool paradigm , but Self goes too far , and Javascript does n't go far enough .
Easily embeddable in other applications .
I do n't know if Finch ever will have real use , but if it does , it will likely be as a configuration or scripting language within a larger application , much like Lua .
A Taste of the Language
Here 's a little example to get you going .
This little program does n't draw , but it will tell you what turns to make to draw a dragon curve :
// create an object and put it in a variable " dragon " dragon <- [ // define a " trace : " method for outputting the series of left and // right turns needed to draw a dragon curve .
trace : depth { self trace - depth : depth turn : " R " write - line : " " // end the line } // the main recursive method trace - depth : n turn : turn { if : n > 0 then : { self trace - depth : n - 1 turn : " R " write : turn self trace - depth : n - 1 turn : " L " } } ] // now let 's try it dragon trace : 5
Getting Started
Finch lives on github here : https://github.com/munificent/finch
To play around with it , sync it down .
Finch uses GYP to generate projects or makefiles for your platform , which you then build to get an executable .
Download GYP from : http://code.google.com/p/gyp/
Clone the finch repo from github .
In a terminal / command prompt , navigate to the root finch / directory .
Run GYP on this file : < path to gyp>/gyp --depth=1
Where < path to gyp > is wherever you downloaded GYP to in step 1 .
This should spit out a project / makefile in the root directory for your platform .
Open that project in XCode or VS and build , or build the makefile .
Ta -da !
You should now have a Finch executable under a build / directory .
Let me know if you run into any problems .
Running Finch
Once you 've got it built and running , you 'll be at the main interpreter prompt .
Finch is a command - line app .
If you run it without any arguments , it drops you into a REPL , an interactive session .
You can type in chunks of code and it will interpret them immediately .
( If you run it with a single argument , it expects that to be a path to a .fin script , and it will load and run that script . )
Once you 're in the REPL , you can load and execute a script using load : .
The path must be relative to where the executable is .
If you 've built from XCode , you can run the tests like this :
>> load : " ../../test/test.fin "
If you built from a makefile , it's :
>> load : " test/test.fin "
Where to Go from Here
You should be good to start hacking some Finch code now .
The other docs here can help get you started .
The sample scripts and the tests will give you some ideas , along with the Finch - related posts on my blog .
If you have any questions or comments , holler at me .
These images from a transmission electron microscope show the formation of fullerene from graphene .
In ( a ) , the edges of the graphene sheet continuously change shape when exposed to the e-beam .
( b ) shows the final product , while ( c ) - ( h ) show close - ups of the sequence of a graphene flake transforming into a fullerene .
Image credit : Andrey Chuvilin , et al .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Peering through a transmission electron microscope ( TEM ) , researchers from Germany , Spain , and the UK have observed graphene sheets transforming into spherical fullerenes , better known as buckyballs , for the first time .
The experiment could shed light on the process of how fullerenes are formed , which has so far remained mysterious on the atomic scale .
“ This is the first time that anyone has directly observed the mechanism of fullerene formation , ” Andrei Khlobystov of the University of Nottingham told PhysOrg.com .
“ Shortly after the discovery of fullerene ( exactly 25 years ago ) , the ‘ top down ’ mechanism of fullerene assembly was proposed .
However , it was soon rejected in favor of a multitude of different ‘ bottom up ’ mechanisms , mainly because people could not understand how a flake of graphene could form a fullerene and because they did not have means to observe the fullerene formation in situ . ”
As the scientists report in a recent study published in Nature Chemistry , there are four main steps involved in this top - down fullerene formation process , which can be explained by quantum chemical modeling .
The critical first step is the loss of carbon atoms at the edge of the graphene sheet .
Because the carbon atoms at the edge of graphene are connected by only two bonds to the rest of the structure , the researchers could use the microscope ’s high - energy electron beam ( or “ e - beam ” ) to chip the atoms away , one by one .
While exposed to the e-beam , the edges of the graphene sheet appear to be continuously changing shape .
The loss of carbon atoms on the edge of the graphene is the most crucial step in the process , the scientists explain , since it destabilizes the structure and triggers the subsequent three steps .
The increase in the number of dangling carbon bonds at the edge of the graphene causes the formation of pentagons on the graphene edge , which is followed by the curving of the graphene into a bowl - like shape .
Both of these processes are thermodynamically favorable , since they bring carbon atoms on the edge closer to one another , allowing them to form bonds with each other .
This video shows the transformation of a graphene sheet into a fullerene ( forming in the top center of the images ) .
Video credit : Andrey Chuvilin , et al .
In the fourth and final step , the carbon bonds cause the curved graphene to “ zip up ” its open edges and form a cage - like buckyball .
Because the zipping process reduces the number of dangling bonds , the spherical fullerene represents the most stable configuration of carbon atoms under these conditions .
Once the edges are completely sealed , no further carbon atoms can be lost , and the newly created fullerene remains intact under the e-beam .
Although spherical fullerenes can already be generated in high yields from graphite ( which is made of many graphene sheets stacked together ) , up until now scientists have not fully understood the underlying mechanisms of their formation .
By observing the process in real time in this study , the researchers have been able to identify the structural changes that the graphene undergoes in order to become increasingly round and form a perfect fullerene .
The results help to unravel the mystery of fullerene formation by explaining , for instance , how laser ablation works as a fullerene production method : the microscope ’s e-beam , similar to a laser beam , supplies the energy to break the carbon bonds and serve as the critical initial step in the formation process .
“ The key to the direct visualization of fullerene formation is ( i ) atomically thin graphene flakes mounted perpendicular to the electron beam ; ( ii ) aberration corrected high resolution TEM allowing imaging with atomic resolution ; and ( iii ) careful analysis of the evolution of graphene to fullerene , image simulation and correlation of the experimental data with theoretical calculations , ” Khlobystov said .
“ This is why our study discovers so much more than previous TEM studies . ”
In addition , the results help explain the high abundance of C 60 and C 70 fullerenes ( fullerenes composed of 60 or 70 carbon atoms ) found in different methods of fullerene production .
The researchers found that a large ( more than 100 carbon atoms ) initial graphene flake imposes a significant energy penalty during the curving step , so that its edges continue to be chipped away until it is small enough to curve .
On the other hand , very small ( less than 60 atoms ) graphene flakes experience excessive strain on the carbon bonds during the curving step , preventing them from closing up .
So to enable the thermodynamically driven formation process , fullerenes end up having a narrow range of diameters averaging about one nanometer , which corresponds to 60 - 100 carbon atoms .
“ Understanding the fullerene formation process teaches us about the fundamental connection between different forms of carbon , ” Khlobystov said .
“ Also , it opens new avenues for fabrication of molecular nanostructures using the e-beam .
This is a new way to do chemistry and to study molecules ! ”
More information : Andrey Chuvilin , et al .
“ Direct transformation of graphene to fullerene . ”
Nature Chemistry , Vol. 2 , June 2010 .
Andrey Chuvilin , et al .
“ Direct transformation of graphene to fullerene . ”
Nature Chemistry , Vol. 2 , June 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/NCHEM.644
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Background .
Chick - fil - A is an Atlanta , Georiga based restaurant chain that is closed every Sunday .
It is the United States second largest fast food company centered around chicken .
The restaurant chain made its big break in the southern United States .
The company has since moved into the southwest , midwest , and into the Rocky Mountains .
In July of 2006 , had stores open in 37 states , and the District of Columbia .
Chick - fil - A has over 1,300 locations .
Starting out in malls across the south ( most of its first several locations ) , it has expaned into an exteremly popular sit - down or drive - through restaurant .
Many Chick - fil - A's are popping up at airports , hospitals , and universities .
In the Beginning .
S. Truett Cathy opened Dwarf House ( or Dwarf Grill ) in the Atlanta suburb of Hapville in 1946 , near a Ford plant .
The Ford employees would catch a bite to eat between shifts occasionaly .
The first Chick - fil - A opened in 1967 in the Greenbriar Mall in Atlanta .
Hamburgers were dominating the fast - food business , so Cathy invented the chicken sandwich .
Thus the slogan " We Did n't Invent the Chicken , Just the Chicken Sandwich " , was born .
The chicken sandwich is still the main item on the menu .
Cathy 's idea for the chicken sandwich helped him discover that pressure cooking the chicken in peanut oil allowed for a fast preparation time , meaning the food would get to the customer faster .
The sandwich comes with two pickles because that was the only condiment that Cathy had avalible at the time .
Chick - fil - A Today .
When the business was opening a restaurant in Goodyear , Arizona , on October 16 , 2003 , the first 100 customers would receive coupons for a free combo meal once a week for an entire year .
Obviously , this was a big deal .
The event got internet exposure , there was free ice cream , karaoke , klieg lights , and raffles .
Now , every time a new chick - fil - A location opens , there is the same deal for the first 100 customers .
People will camp out days before the opening just make sure they are one of the lucky 100 people .
Cows vs. Chikin .
The " EAT MOR CHIKIN " slogan is the companys most popular .
The cows , according to Chick - fil - A , are trying to get America to eat more chicken , and less beef .
The cows encourage people not to eat the beef hamburgers usually sold at Burger King , McDonalds , and Wendy's .
When the mad cow disease was causing a scare in 2003 and 2004 , Chick - fil - A cancelled the cow comercials so that it did not look like the company was takling advantage of the disease to increase their sales .
The cows took the place of the chicken , Doodles , who is the " C " in Chick - fil - A. Chick - fil - A customizes their advertising for different areas , connecting more with locals through jokes
Christian Chicken .
S. Truett Cathy is a Southern Baptist .
He has taught Sunday School for over 51 years .
Cathy believes that business exists " to glorify God and be a faithful steward of all that is entrusted to us and have a positive influence on all who come in contact with Chick - fil - A . "
The business invests a lot of money into scholarships and community service .
S. Truett Cathy also said ,
" Our decision to close on Sunday was our way of honoring God and directing our attention to things more important than our business .
If it took seven days to make a living with a restaurant , then we needed to be in some other line of work .
Through the years , I have never wavered from that position . "
Chick - fil - A also supports groups such as Focus on the Family , Athletes in Action , and campus Crusade for Christ .
Chick - fil - A also helps promote National Bible Week .
S. Truett Cathy is the chairman of the National Bible Week committee .
Chick - fil - A Bowl .
First there was the Peach Bowl .
Then there was the Chick - fil - A Peach Bowl .
Now it is the Chick - fil - A Bowl .
This is a college football bowl game played in Atlanta , Georgia .
Chick - fil - A has sponsored the gae since 1998 .
In 2006 , the company gained full rights to the name of the bowl game for 5 years , and 22 million dollars .
← Sidebar
Russia is becoming known not only for numerous churches of the past but for some pieces of modern architecture .
The following puppet theater looking like the building from the recent “ Alice in Wonderland ” movie will be constructed in Khanty - Mansiysk city ( architecture by Midova A.A. , art by Shemyakin M.M. , all the pictures are clickable ) .
Tags : Khanty - Mansiysk city
<< Chelyabinsk city page was updated
Nikolsky cathedral of Mozhaisk city photos >>
No comments yet .
Britain has a new government and it is a Conservative / Liberal Democrat coalition , the electorate has spoken , and this blog is firm in its conviction that David Cameron is delighted with the result , in fact the outcome could not have been better from his point of view .
How can this be so , surely a coalition with a progressive - left party will be a disaster for Dave ?
Simple , the Conservatives are fully cognizant of the mortal peril inherent in succeeding a Labour government , for while they may potter along quite happily for a decade or so if propped up by global low interest rates and low inflation , inevitably they end in a train - wreck which the Conservatives have to clean up via wildly unpopular cuts in public spending .
The worse the train - wreck the worse the resentment , and as the US economist David Hale relates , the Governor of the Bank of England Mervyn King is warning that the victor in next week ’s election will be forced into austerity measures that will keep the party out of power for a generation .
The Conservatives Party is already known as the ‘ nasty ’ party and treated with visceral hatred by a significant proportion of the electorate as a result of the Thatcher cuts in the eighties , and Cameron will have to cut a lot deeper than Thatcher ever did .
The scale of the problem Cameron faces is compounded by Labours ‘ scorched earth ’ policy of massive unfunded spending liabilities in the months before the election , such as the half billion school building program mainly targeted at Labour marginals , working on the electoral calculus that such programs may buy enough votes to win the general election , and if they did n’t they would be a massive problem for a new Conservative government .
This is far removed from the ‘ golden legacy ’ received by Gordon Brown in 1997 , who on being informed of the authors of this happy state of affairs allegedly snarled in response ; “ what do you want me to do , send them a f*& ( ! ^$ thank - you note ! ”
If the cleverest act of the devil was to persuade the world that he did n’t exist , then the Labour equivalent would be to persuade its core electorate that Tories cut spending because they are callous and immoral profiteers rather than because the events of the previous government force their hand .
Looking back to April , what can Cameron do in the run up to a General Election where his party have failed to make the breakthrough necessary to form the stable majority government and pass the difficult austerity measures in parliament ?
Some in his party , aware of Mervyn King ’s pronouncement , were happy to let a Lib - Lab coalition ‘ win ’ the election in the knowledge that the coming cuts were so horrible as to make this a “ good election to lose ” , with the intention of waiting for the coalitions rapid collapse and then get a real majority shortly after .
Others in his party , sticking to tribal political instinct , were advocating a minimalist supply - and - confidence arrangement where the Lib - Dems are held at arms length with the minimal cooperation necessary to restore market confidence in the British economy , with the intention of rapidly calling another election .
In the event , Cameron jumped in a completely unexpected direction , because he made the following deductions :
1 . That choosing to lose elections is not a viable strategy in a two - point - five party system , for doing so would consolidate the opinion that the Conservatives do not have the answers to a country in crisis and the electorate may choose to look elsewhere for an alternative to Labour .
2 . That failing to heed the will of an already disenchanted electorate , for a genuine spirit of cooperation and collaboration to fix this particular crisis , would be remembered with disgust when a half - hearted and reluctant coalition broke apart before the economy had recovered .
3 . That as long as Labour remain the significant party of progressive - left politics the tribal hatred of Tories as destroyers of public services among the progressive electorate will persist , but by putting the Liberal Democrats in a position of power a new progressive consensus could be formed around a new progressive party absent that tribal hatred .
The Conservative party face an existential threat at the next election , and the answer was obvious ; to jump into bed with an enthusiastic , whole - hearted and full - blown coalition with the Liberal Democrats .
A very pointed and public demonstration of the Conservative acquiescence to the public demand for a government of national unity was the appointment of the Labour MP Frank Field as Poverty Tsar .
If the coalition failed before its five year term and a new election called then the news would be plastered with post - mortems of the aborted coalition government and at the forefront of that would be television interviews of Dave ’s “ big open and comprehensive offer ” , the Conservative Party had heeded the will of the electorate and been brought down by partisan sniping from unreliable partners who claimed to represent ‘ new ’ politics .
This impression would now be reinforced by the Lib - Dems ‘ underhanded ’ talks with Labour , a response necessary to placate Lib - Dem party members and activists , but irrelevant to an electorate that wanted a government of national unity to bring Britain out of crisis .
If the coalition succeeds then it was not the Tories that yet again slashed and burnt their way through Britain ’s beloved public services , rather it was the considered and necessary actions of a government of national unity , led by the Liberal Democrat politician David Laws as Chief Secretary to the Treasury .
The coalition has already already damaged Lib - Dem support among the left - wing of the party , and this division between the free - marketeers of the orange - book and the beard - n- sandals brigade will only increase as more cuts to public spending are made , and the Lib - Dems will go into the next election with a divided electorate .
The really interesting prospect is going to be the evolution of the Liberal Democrats during the course of the current parliament , for they have long been a bi-polar party resulting their position as the point - five party in a two - point - five party system , the need to achieve critical mass necessitates an opportunistic and inconsistent nature .
However , Cameron has given them real power with five Cabinet positions and a further fifteen Ministerial positions , and has done so by offering an orange - book Party leader a home inside a government sympathetic to free - market and small - state principles , so the party will naturally align itself in this direction to the disgust of the left - wing element of the party base .
With real power for the first time in a century the Liberal Democrats will be obliged to adopt the pragmatism of government , whose lack thus far permitted their zanier policies , and they will be seen by the electorate as a genuine party of power rather than a wasted vote .
If the coalition survives and the recovery happens as per the schedule then Cameron has an opportunity to initially split the progressive - left vote , and eventually to create a new progressive - left opposition which is both further to the right and absent the tribal hatred of the Tories .
The adoption of Frank Field , a man known for his unbending principle is not only sensible it is also a mechanism for removing the exclusivity of ‘ compassion ’ that Labour wears like a mantle , an important badge of honour for any aspiring party of progressive - left politics .
The final element to this strategy is the newly created Office for Budget Responsibility , an independent fiscal watchdog whose first act will be to pronounce judgement on the Labour years .
The purpose being to shock - and - awe the electorate into disgust at the scale of the previous governments profligacy at their expense , and it has two principle aims :
1 . To separate effect from cause , by making the coming cuts Labours fault rather than the Conservatives , in a way that Tory ’s must wish Thatcher had been able to do all those years ago .
2 . To give the Lib - Dems every possible opportunity to grow into the space currently occupied by Labour within progressive - left politics , by having a neutral body expose Labours incompetence .
The danger in considering this strategy before the election would have been question of how solid the Lib - Dem leaders debate surge really was , for if it held and thus been reflected by an increase in forty of fifty seats then Cameron would have lacked the leverage to force agreement on a truly Conservative manifesto .
Fortunately for Cameron the gamble paid off , the surge died and the Lib - Dems did even worse than the previous general election in 2005 , which is a poor electoral mandate with which Clegg could demand in negotiations that the Lib - Dems policies be adopted en-mass .
Cameron will be very pleased with the result achieved , he has Tories in the key positions of Defence , Foreign Policy , and Europe to placate the Tory right , as well as a policy manifesto that is mainly blue in hue which will allow the Conservatives to claim the credit for the recovery at the next election , whilst cherry picking some sensible Lib - Dem policies and jettisoning some not - so - sensible Tory ones .
Best of all , they will achieve all this whilst dodging full and unequivocal responsibility for the public sector spending cuts due to be announced in the coming months .
Cameron appears to have a plan to win the next election in 2015 , and it depends on seeing the Lib - Dems smothered with love .
The longer term aim being to re-author political discourse of left - right politics around the central tenet of the ‘ self authored life ’ thereby excluding state oriented philosophy as irrelevant to the progressive mantle that even the Conservatives now lay claim .
Update – 17/05/2010
It would appear that Liam Byrne , the former Chief Secretary to the Treasury , is determined to help Cameron replace Labour with the Lib - Dems as the mainstream party of progressive - left politics , via his ‘ humorous ’ letter to his successor David Laws stating ; “ I ’m afraid to tell you there ’s no money left . ”
Four students exposed raw feelings about race and immigration in a Morgan Hill high school this week when they made the provocative choice to wear shirts and shorts bearing the stars and stripes of the American flag to school on Cinco de Mayo .
Now their actions — which an assistant principal at Live Oak High School labeled “ incendiary ” — are spilling across the small town ’s borders , igniting a national debate on cable television ’s 24 - hour talkfest .
Wednesday , as the school ’s Latino pupils — nearly 40 percent of the Live Oak student body — were celebrating the Mexican army ’s victory against France in 1862 , many wearing Mexico ’s colors of red , white and green , the boys showed up dressed in the American flag .
Assistant Principal Miguel Rodriguez told them to wear the clothes inside out or go home .
At least two of the boys left campus because they found the other option to be “ disrespectful ” to the flag , and the others remained in school without changing , their parents said .
Rodriguez could not be reached for comment — the school referred all calls to the district office — but parents said he indicated to them that he was concerned about the boys ’ safety .
The Morgan Hill Unified School District later said what happened was “ extremely unfortunate ” and that there is no ban on “ patriotic ” clothing .
The new immigration law in Arizona , giving police broad power to detain anyone suspected of being in the United States illegally , formed the backdrop for the school drama .
“ We ’re happy about Arizona ’s law , and you bet we ’re fired up , ” said Julie Fagerstrom , whose son , Dominic Maciel , wore one of the shirts .
Dominic ’s father , who is no longer in his son ’s life , Fagerstrom said , is a first - generation Mexican - American .
But the boys ’ action riled a number of the those who had celebrated Cinco de Mayo .
By Thursday morning , Mexican - American students began texting each other in class , and soon as many as 100 of them were standing in front of the school .
A few minutes later they were marching down the road to Morgan Hill ’s city hall .
“ When we were marching , they would pass in their trucks and were flipping us off , ” said Gerardo Cabralas , a junior , referring to some non-Latino classmates .
“ And to be honest , sometimes we flipped them back . ”
A group of about a dozen Latino students expressed their dismay Thursday directly to the school ’s white students — particularly the boys who wore the flag clothing .
“ We respect them on Fourth of July , ” said sophomore Biana Coreas .
“ We do n’t go with our Mexican flags waving it up that day , so why ca n’t they respect us too ? ”
The struggle for respect went on most of the day Thursday , and no one was certain when it would end .
“ School was pretty crazy today , ” Dominic told the Mercury News .
“ I do n’t think I ’m a villain ; I was just representing my country .
But I do n’t know if I would do this again .
People took our message the wrong way .
We were n’t trying to start anything at all . ”
He said he ca n’t remember whose idea it was to wear the garb and when the decision was made .
Another boy — Matthew Dariano — also has some Mexican heritage , Fagerstrom said .
The other two , Daniel Galli and Austin Carvalho , do not .
“ These are really great kids , ” Fagerstrom said .
“ They wear American flag clothes all the time .
For the Fourth of July , for Memorial Day .
They want to show their patriotism . ”
Diana Dariano , whose son Matthew wore a U.S. Constitution T - shirt , acknowledged that the friends wore the clothes to make a point :
They love their country and believe in legal immigration .
“ They heard that the Mexican kids were going to wear their colors so they wanted to wear the colors of the American flag , ” she said .
“ You can never tell someone in this country not to wear the American flag .
It ’s America ! ”
Just as the school ’s administrators declined to punish the flag wearers , the Latino students said they had not suffered any disciplinary consequences for their march .
One free - speech expert said the boys should have been able to wear their country ’s colors to school .
“ In the 1960s , students expressed themselves by desecrating the flag , ” said Peter Scheer , executive director with the First Amendment Coalition in San Rafael .
“ Flash 50 years ahead and the students are now demonstrating with the flag to show their patriotism .
The same laws that protected the burning of the flag also protect wearing it . ”
That was n’t the only symbolic protest on Cinco de Mayo .
About 20 students showed up at Pioneer High School wearing “ Border Patrol ” T - shirts .
By the end of the day , administrators asked them to remove the shirts , which they apparently did with no problems , according to Karen Fuqua , spokeswoman for the San Jose Unified School District .
But Scheer , while defending the rights of the boys , also said there are times when a school principal can regulate students ’ dress .
“ If the principal believes there will be a riot , then he can ban the shirts , ” Scheer said .
“ But if he thinks students are just going to be angry , it ’s not good enough . ”
Fagerstrom said the parents met with an assistant superintendent Wednesday evening who wanted to hear all the sides .
At an earlier meeting , Principal Nick Boden and Rodriguez indicated to her that they were worried about the safety of the American - flag boys .
“ They said they heard from some students there was going to be some drama , ” Fagerstrom said .
District Superintendent Wesley Smith issued a statement Thursday : “ The Morgan Hill Unified School District does not prohibit nor do we discourage wearing patriotic clothing .
The incident on May 5 at Live Oak High School is extremely unfortunate .
While campus safety is our primary concern and administrators made decisions yesterday in an attempt to ensure campus safety , students should not , and will not , be disciplined for wearing patriotic clothing .
This matter is under investigation and appropriate action will be taken . ”
Meanwhile , the school ’s junior - senior prom is Saturday .
“ I ’m kind of nervous about it , ” said senior Marina Schlaefli .
“ I ’d rather this whole thing had never happened .
It ’s making our school look bad , and it ’s not a bad school . ”
Contact Lisa Fernandez at lfernandez@mercurynews.com .
document.write(‘div.forum_v2_main_title , div.forum_v2_main_table_container , div.forum_v2_pagecontent , div.forum_v2_comment_container { display : none ; border : none }’ ) ;
Current Articles | Archives | RSS Feeds | Search Thursday , June 10 , 2010 Colorado town of Black Hawk bans bicycle riding by Jered Gruber at 11:24 PM EST
Categories : Advocacy City cites desire to " promote safety "
It seems like it should n't be possible , but a small mountain town in Colorado has " approved an ordinance banning bicycle riding on almost every street . "
The historic mining city of Black Hawk , population 118 , is a gambling hotbed and popular tourist destination in the mountains just outside of Denver .
Bicycle Colorado reports that police " are now issuing a ticket to anyone ' caught riding ' through town . ' "
Bicycle Colorado recently attended a city council meeting and pressed the matter of the cycling ban , but the council " made it clear that they had no intention of changing their ordinance . "
The ban seems a bizarre measure , but one that City Manager Mike Copp said was passed to " promote safety . "
When Bicycle Colorado pressed the matter and asked if there had been any crashes or problems in the city , " neither the City Manager nor Police Chief could recall any car / bike crashes . "
News of the ban is beginning to spread and outrage is the general response .
The first question that came to my mind and one that Bicycle Colorado answers was : is the city even allowed to do that ?
" The Federal Highways Administration says that public roads should accommodate bicyclists , but they do n't withhold funding if their guidance is not followed . "
So the real danger here would seem to be the precedent set by this egregious misdirection of the law .
Bicycle Colorado is preparing to fight the ban , because " if this ban is not struck down , it opens the door for any other Colorado city to flaunt state stature and ban bicycle access without addressing actual car / bike safety improvements . "
For the time being though , the only advice for riders rolling through Black Hawk is to , well , walk .
If you 'd like to learn more on the matter or take part in finding a solution , I encourage you to head over to Bicycle Colorado 's page on the Black Hawk ban .
Follow @ Pro_Cycling
Tweet
Subscribe via RSS or daily email Contact the editor about this article
Thousands Of People Around World Dream About Same Man
In January 2006 in New York , the patient of a well - known psychiatrist draws the face of a man that has been repeatedly appearing in her dreams .
In more than one occasion that man has given her advice on her private life .
The woman swears she has never met the man in her life .
From January 2006 until today , at least 2000 people have claimed they have seen this man in their dreams , in many cities all over the world : Los Angeles , Berlin , Sao Paulo , Tehran , Beijing , Rome , Barcelona , Stockholm , Paris , New Dehli , Moscow etc .
At the moment there is no ascertained relation or common trait among the people that have dreamed of seeing this man .
Moreover , no living man has ever been recognized as resembling the man of the portrait by the people who have seen this man in their dreams .
EVER DREAM OF THIS MAN ?
Here is a refreshment of Blur 's megahit " Song 2 " for you .
Thanks to the newcomer : Bonus Mosh .
Instrumental : N.E.R.D. - Spaz
Acapella : Blur - Song 2
Bonus Mosh - Spaz vs. Song 2 [ N.E.R.D vs. Blur ]
The whole world is still stunned from what just happened today .
In essence , Germany has taken a major step to not only declaring it is the master of the European continent and all those who do n't like it can just focus on their own bankrupt banks ( Sarkozy ) , but is breaking ranks with the US , as the surprising nature of today 's move was aimed not so much at European " speculators " but at Wall Street .
Furthermore , knowing full well it may soon lose access to US capital markets , Germany is likely preparing to abandon the EU and EMU ( to which " good riddance " is likely all it has to say ) .
But the key implication from today is that Bernanke must now move with urgency to find a way to keep the pressure on the dollar as he is now solidly losing the currency devaluation race .
The impact of this on major multinationals and on the " must do " reflation experiment could be cataclysmic .
Additionally , without gobs of new domestic liquidity to prop it up , the US market will now likely collapse , further forcing Bernanke to act against the interests of the US Middle class and America 's savers .
We can not wait to see what he pulls out of his sleeve .
With ZIRP ravaging the nation , and negative interest rates still illegal , he may just find his hands very much tied .
In the meantime , here are some preliminary shocked observations on today 's events from Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley .
GS ' Erik Nielsen :
I just landed in Heathrow to find the astonishing headline that the german finance minister reportedly is planning a ban on shorts ( of what ? ) .
- and I found dozens of emails from people asking what 's going on .
Dirk Schumacher is on the case and will report as soon as he gets any clarification .
His immidiate reaction was that it might be a political statement to help ease through the vote in the german parliament on the mega package on friday .
and
Germany ’s Bafin has just put out a press release banning short selling of sovereign CDS starting tonight and lasting through March 31 , 2011 , possibly inspired by the UK and US banning of shorts at the height of the financial crisis ( Reuters ’ English translation of headlines below )
In our view , its likely that this drastic move has been triggered by the planned passing by parliament of the German share of the EUR 440bn package on Friday .
Dirk Schumacher , who also just landed has heard that there seems to be more resistance to the help package than previously thought .
So far , we have not heard of similar moves in other Euro - zone countries , but it seems likely that several of them might follow suit later this week .
As I discussed in my note on Sunday , policymakers are determined to protect the Euro- zone , and they have identified the financial markets as the key obstacle for stability , which implies risks of further regulation .
Stay tuned as we learn more
Dirk & Erik
19:28 18 May10 RTRS -GERMANY'S BAFIN ANNOUNCES BANK ON NAKED SHORTSELLING OF CDS ON EUROZONE GOVERNMENT BONDS
19:31 18 May10 RTRS -GERMANY'S BAFIN SAYS BAN TAKES EFFECT FROM MAY 19 TO MARCH 31 , 2011 AND 'WILL BE CLOSELY MONITORED '
19:32 18 May10 RTRS -GERMANY'S
BAFIN SAYS BAN ON SHORT - SELLING ALSO APPLIES TO SHARES OF 10 LEADING FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
19:33 18 May10 RTRS -GERMANY'S BAFIN SAYS STEP 'DUE TO EXTRAORDINARY VOLATILITY WITH GOVERNMENT BONDS IN EURO ZONE '
19:35 18 May10 RTRS -GERMANY'S BAFIN SAYS MASSIVE SHORT SELLING COULD HAVE LED TO EXCESSIVE PRICE MOVEMENTS
19:36 18 May10 RTRS -GERMANY'S BAFIN SAYS MASSIVE SHORT SELLING COULD HAVE ENDANGERED FINANCIAL SYSTEM STABILITY
19:40 18 May10 RTRS -GERMANY'S BAFIN SAYS SHORT SELLING OF SHARES BANNED AT AAREAL BANK AG , ALLIANZ SE , COMMERZBANK AG
19:40 18 May10 RTRS -GERMANY'S BAFIN SAYS SHORT SELLING OF SHARES BANNED AT DEUTSCHE BANK AG , DEUTSCHE BOERSE AG , DEUTSCHE POSTBANK AG
19:41 18 May10 RTRS -BAFIN SAYS SHORT SELLING OF SHARES ALSO BANNED AT GENERALI DEUTSCHLAND HOLDING AG , HANNOVER RUECKVERSICHERUNG
AG
19:42 18 May10 RTRS -BAFIN SAYS SHORT SELLING OF SHARES ALSO BANNED AT MLP AG AND MUENCHENER RUECKVERSICHERUNGS-GESELLSCHAFT
AG
and Morgan Stanley :
EUR / USD plunged to a fresh 4 - year low this afternoon .
Reports that Germany 's financial services regulator BaFin will issue new restrictions on short selling appeared to be the key catalyst sparking widespread EUR selling .
To some extent , the surprise announcement was interpreted as another incremental measure treating one of the symptoms of the problems in the Eurozone , rather than getting to the direct cause .
In that regard , the lack of a comprehensive plan is feeding into market concerns about the credibility of EU policymakers in dealing with the spillover from sovereign risk issues ( this is similar to the challenges US authorities faced in 2008 ) .
In addition , the announcement may have the unintended consequence of channeling more investors into short EUR positions .
If investors cannot express negative views on the EU in the bond or CDS markets , short EUR could prove the path of least resistance .
The volatility the announcement sparked in equity markets , spilled over into FX as a safe - haven bid .
The USD appreciated against higher - beta currencies such as the AUD , NOK , SEK and ZAR .
The Japanese yen also posted strong gains on the day .
Earlier today , we took partial profit on the core short EUR / USD position in our model portfolio after the pair touched our initial target of 1.24 .
But given our medium - term bearish outlook , we maintain a 15 % allocation to short EUR / USD .
While the short EUR trade appears to be increasingly crowded , the unexpected nature of the policy announcements is increasing market volatility and weighing on sentiment .
Moreover , EUR / USD also seems to be taking its cue from risk aversion .
Though it is difficult to gauge how persistent this latest bout of risk aversion is likely to prove , our GRDI indicator remains in deep risk aversion territory , below the - 2 standard deviation mark .
The downtrend in EUR is getting increasingly sloppy , but the momentum does not seem to be fading .
What is hilarious about the Morgan Stanley note is that less than 12 hours ago the firm sent out the following :
We have decided to take partial profit on the core short EUR / USD position in our model portfolio , paring down the position to 15 % from a 25 % allocation and tightening our trailing stop - loss to 1.34 .
This trade was initiated originally on December 17 , at an average entry level of 1.4085 , and we are exiting at 1.2365 , locking in a gain of 12.6 % .
Year - to - date , our model portfolio has generated an unlevered return of 4.81 % , with the short EUR / USD position accounting for a large portion of this performance .
While we retain a negative medium - term view on EUR / USD , we believe that short positioning and bearish sentiment have reached extreme levels , raising the potential for a bounce .
Indeed , our momentum indicators suggest that the four - week decline in EUR / USD is the sharpest since the single currency was launched in 1999 .
This would imply that many investors have added to short EUR positions at weak levels .
In addition , the IMM Commitment of Traders Report on Friday showed that net EUR short positions expanded to - 114 k , a new record that roughly mirrors the +120 k record net long in EUR positions back in May 2007 .
This suggests that the saturation point in EUR net shorts is within reach .
Though we see downside risks to the EUR stemming from weaker growth and spillover from the sovereign risk concerns , the emergency measures recently adopted by European Union policymakers are likely to lead to some stabilization in the short term .
The ECB ’s liquidity provisions should help to calm markets and the pre-emptive fiscal tightening taken by some peripheral eurozone governments should help to mitigate contagion concerns .
However , since many of the policies enacted so far have not addressed longer - term structural threats facing the eurozone , we would look for opportunities to re-set shorts .
We also believe that the EUR will prove vulnerable to signs that the nascent eurozone expansion is struggling .
We view 1.28 - 1.32 as a favorable sell - zone for EUR / USD .
We will offer additional details regarding our views in the FX Pulse this Thursday .
Just goes to show once again , that the bulge brackets are about as good as predicting the future as your ordinary run off the mill deranged gambling coin tosser .
June 7 , 2010
This year has seen a dramatic increase in political dissent and workers ' protests in Hosni Mubarak 's Egypt .
In the first installment of this three - part series , Mostafa Ali looks at the political challenger who is shaking up national politics .
Part 1
FOR THE first time since he took power 30 years ago , President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt - - the largest Arab country and a key U.S. ally in the region -- faces a serious political challenge to his dictatorial regime on two fronts .
On the one hand , Mohamed ElBaradei , the former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) who once butted heads with George W. Bush over the invasion of Iraq , has launched a new movement for democracy to challenge the 82 - year - old dictator .
ElBaradei's campaign has electrified a country ravaged by poverty and political repression for so long .
More significantly , a new wave of workers ' strikes and protests unseen in decades is shaking the regime and promising to reverse neoliberal policies that have reigned more or less unchallenged for 30 years .
" The current wave of protests that is erupting forms the largest social movement Egypt has witnessed in more than half a century , " wrote Joel Beinin , a leading labor historian of Egypt , in a report for the AFL - CIO - backed Solidarity Center in Washington .
Mohammed ElBaradei
The conjuncture of these political and economic struggles could usher in a new future for Egypt and the whole region -- and could signal the start of the first serious challenge to U.S. imperialist domination of the region since the days of the Arab nationalist project of the 1960s .
AFTER 30 years of oppressive emergency laws and deteriorating living conditions for the majority of people , millions of Egyptians are excited by Mohamed ElBaradei 's decision to challenge the regime .
ElBaradei has lived outside the country for 40 years , working first as a diplomat in the Egyptian Foreign service and then at the United Nations ' IAEA .
He returned to Egypt earlier this year to launch a movement that demands constitutional democratic reforms and an end to emergency laws .
On March 12 , 2,000 people defied warnings by security forces , turning up at Cairo 's airport to welcome ElBaradei home .
Four opposition parties , spanning the right to the left of the political spectrum , including the powerful Muslim Brotherhood , have joined with ElBaradei to form the National Association for Change ( NAC ) .
NAC aims to achieve democratic changes in the constitution that would guarantee free elections under the supervision of an independent judiciary .
Series Egypt ’s brewing revolt Egypt 's dictatorial President Hosni Mubarak is facing his most severe challenge since he took power 30 years ago .
Mostafa Omar explains how Egypt got to this latest stage in its crisis .
A challenge to Mubarak
The rising class struggle
Beginning of the end ?
So far , ElBaradei has refused to join any political party - - a requirement to become a candidate for president under Egypt 's current constitution .
He has also declared that he would not run for president and called on all parties to boycott parliamentary and presidential elections if the constitution is not first amended to allow independent candidates to compete .
Tens of thousands of his supporters have already signed petitions demanding that he be allowed to run as an independent , and thousands have joined Facebook groups urging him to declare his candidacy or signed up to follow his commentary on daily events through Twitter .
Large numbers of people across the country have pledged support to the NAC , including well - known judges , independent unionists , lawyers , actors , artists , singers and writers .
NAC chapters are springing up in many cities .
And ElBaradei has also started to hold mass public meetings to address supporters .
What is ElBaradei 's background ?
He was born to a middle - class family in Cairo in 1942 .
His father was a renowned lawyer and liberal advocate who often clashed with the late Presidents Gamel Abdel Nasser and Anwar El Sadat over their rule .
ElBaradei left Egypt shortly after graduating college to earn law degrees in Switzerland and then at New York University in the U.S.
He worked as an Egyptian diplomat from 1964 until 1984 , when he joined the IAEA .
He became head of the IAEA in 1997 and continued in this position until 2009 .
During his tenure at the IAEA , ElBaradei maintained a generally friendly attitude toward the international interests of the various nuclear superpowers , including the U.S.
He helped the U.S. prevent many countries it deemed to be " rogue " states such as Iran from acquiring nuclear capabilities for military or even civilian purposes .
However , in 2002 and 2003 , ElBaradei took a different , critical tone towards the U.S. allegations that Saddam Hussein 's Iraq possessed " weapons of mass destruction . "
At United Nations hearings , he attempted to expose the false nature of the " evidence " that the U.S. and its allies presented as proof of Iraq 's nuclear and chemical capabilities .
For his non-supportive role in Bush 's drive to war against Iraq , ElBaradei earned the wrath of the U.S. administration , but gained the admiration of the tens of millions of people around the world , including in his home country of Egypt .
In 2005 , most of all for his part in opposing the war on Iraq , he and the IAEA were recipients of the Nobel Peace Prize .
This also enhanced his personal status internationally , and in Egypt , where Mubarak is widely seen as a puppet of the U.S. government .
In 2009 , ElBaradei declined to run for a fourth term at IAEA .
He announced that he would return to Egypt to become " a catalyst for democratic and constitutional change . "
THE EXCITEMENT that many Egyptians feel about ElBaradei 's return home and his challenge to the Mubarak regime is the result of many years of disappointments and suffering .
Egyptian society has been boiling with anger for more than 10 years .
Two years ago , the country witnessed one of the world 's most severe cases of the international food crisis , where poor people had to battle one another as well as the government to secure a few loaves of bread .
Thirty years of neoliberal policies have left more than 40 percent of Egypt 's 80 million citizens living under the poverty line .
Most workers survive on $ 60 a month -- in a country where most independent economists estimate that a minimum of $ 220 is needed for bare existence .
Unemployment is on the rise -- it is estimated at 20 - 25 percent among young workers .
Job opportunities in the Arab Gulf countries -- once a source of income and remittances to families -- have all but dried up in recent years .
The liberal daily newspaper Al - Masry Al - Youm regularly covers heart - wrenching stories : of poor people who can't afford to buy food ; of government workers who earn $ 30 a month , but whose rent alone is $ 20 ; of widows with two and three children who receive $ 15 a month pensions , but a kilogram of meat costs $ 12 ; of factory and business owners shutting plants and fleeing the country , leaving thousands of workers in limbo .
This poverty is not due to a lack of natural resources or economic infrastructure .
Egypt has a number of sources of income , including natural gas reserves , mining , agriculture , industry and a booming tourism trade .
Poverty in Egypt is 100 percent socially manufactured .
The elites have pillaged workers and the poor through paying low wages , and strictly limiting pensions and other social benefits .
Meanwhile , the rich continuously and unabashedly display their exorbitant wealth and lavish Western lifestyles .
They , for example , send their children to the elite American University in Cairo , where tuition costs $ 12,000 a year -- if not to colleges in the West proper .
Wedding parties thrown by the upper middle class -- not even the super - rich -- cost tens of thousands of dollars , if not hundreds of thousands .
Increasingly , Egypt 's rulers live in secluded and gated communities , protected from the wrath of the masses by Mubarak 's emergency laws and repression .
The regime protects the rich by jailing , torturing and intimidating opposition activists and unionists of every stripe , including members of the moderate Muslim Brotherhood , Arab nationalists and revolutionary socialists .
Security forces regularly brutalize peaceful protesters , and they are known for singling out women demonstrators for sexual assaults .
Even opposition members of parliament who dare to speak out have been attacked .
International TV cameras captured one of these police rampages in May when the so - called Police Karate Team beat 200 peaceful protesters who attempted a march to demand democracy in downtown Cairo .
Nevertheless , Mubarak has been forced to open up some political space for the opposition in recent years , starting in 2005 when he allowed the first multi-candidate elections .
then , Mubarak still used the vote to weaken his opponents .
His ruling National Democratic Party and government security forces managed to rig the election to give Mubarak 87 percent of the final result .
Then they punished the man who dared to run against him , Ayman Nour , who was sent to jail for four years on trumped - up charges of ... election fraud !
This time , however , the bitterness is that much greater .
For one thing , Mubarak angered people by openly grooming his own son , Gamal , a millionaire venture capitalist - turned - politician , to succeed him as president .
Combined with the acute economic crisis and political repression , this has left a majority of the population thirsty for any semblance of social and economic justice and political freedoms .
ELBARADEI seems to grasp these political and economic realities .
In television interviews given after his return to Egypt , he advocated a system of social democracy similar to Scandinavian political systems as the best way to develop the country and achieve social justice .
He repeatedly asserts that he does not see himself as a savior and looks to grassroots participation by ordinary people as the key to bringing about reform .
At a public mass meeting where he spoke , in the working class provincial city of Mansoura in the Central Delta region , ElBaradei told 2,000 supporters : " If 80 million Egyptians decide to demand change , then no power on earth can stop them .
If the people are the rulers , then we will fix education , we will drink clean water , and we will have quality health care ! "
ElBaradei has been reaching out to poor peasants and workers .
He meets with independent unionists to listen to their grievances .
He publicly backs the right to strike .
He supports a new campaign by workers to force the government to establish a living minimum wage of $ 220 a month .
On May Day , he called on Egyptian workers to join the NAC .
ElBaradei has also courageously taken on controversial social issues .
For example , he champions the cause of Coptic Christians , who make up 15 percent of the population and suffer widespread and systematic discrimination in jobs and education .
Mubarak portrays his dictatorship and emergency laws as a last line of defense against Islamic fundamentalists , who often stir up hatred and violence against Copts , especially in the South of the country .
Yet the government itself maintains a system of institutional discrimination against Copts .
ElBaradei has vowed to fight for full citizenship equality for Copts and regularly raises the old slogan of Egypt 's popular anti-British revolution of 1919 : Religion for God and Country for All .
He insists that the first article of the constitution , which states that Islamic Sharia law is the basis of all legislation , must be removed to ensure equality between Muslims and Christians .
While ElBaradei criticizes the regime over a number of issues , many of his most ardent supporters exaggerate the actual differences between his positions and Mubarak 's on a number of key political and economic questions .
They portray him as a radical when he actually denies being one himself .
On the question of Palestine , for instance -- a hot political topic in Egypt since Mubarak supplies Israel with cheap natural gas and has , until recently , helped enforce the blockade of Gaza -- ElBaradei 's position is not very different from that of the regime .
He , like Mubarak , supports a peace deal with Israel .
He is critical of what he considers Israeli excesses and arrogance .
" This is not really sustainable that you have Israel sitting with nuclear weapons capability there while everyone else is part of the non-proliferation regime , " Al Baradei told the Sydney Morning Herald .
But this is little different from Mubarak 's stated positions .
The similarities between ElBaradei and the regime on Palestine put him at odds with the vast majority of his supporters , who oppose normalization with Israel .
On broader questions of U.S. domination over Egypt and the Middle East or neoliberal economic policies backed by the U.S. , ElBaradei supports a special relationship with Washington and is on friendly terms with many U.S. politicians .
In essence , ElBaradei is attempting to put together a moderate , populist and reformist coalition that could tap into mass anger and channel it safely toward a more democratic system , while avoiding any violent confrontation with the regime .
For example , while he formally supports the right to assemble and protest , ElBaradei has not yet personally joined any street protests yet .
And the NAC , the organization which he heads , does n't call for an immediate lifting of all emergency laws .
Instead , its program advocates a two - or three - year transitional period to convene a constituent assembly to draft a new constitution .
Nevertheless , despite these quite moderate positions , the fact is that ElBaradei 's decision to return to Egypt has stirred up the country 's political debate -- and given confidence to democracy activists and a rejuvenated working class movement to push for their own demands in a more militant way .
In a comment to my recent post on the “ problem of goodness , ” I was challenged on the question of “ proving God ’s existence . ”
I understand the question but I do not think the question understands God .
There is a definition of God that has floated around philosophical circles for centuries – a very reasonable definition – but not a definition that has anything to do with the Christian God .
The modern rise of reason – from the Enlightenment forward ( though with roots in Scholasticism and philosophies of the ancient world ) has often been accepted as an obvious given of the natural world .
It is certainly a powerful tool – not unrelated to the power of mathematics and certain other forms of science .
This power leads many to the conclusion that reason is capable of giving an account of the world as it truly exists , and questions the existence of anything that does not conform to the rules of reason .
My first encounter with reason ’s claims was in a freshman philosophy class ( that I wound up taking in the last term of my senior year of college ) .
Within a matter of two classes the professor had set forth the rules of reason and stated the problem of the existence of God ( having offered us a definition of God while he was at it ) .
I did not know then what I know now ( needless to say ) .
Like everyone in the class I took the bait and entered into the argument that had been decided before the argument began .
I say that the argument had been decided because its premises required prior agreement to much that was n’t true .
I did not learn until later that I was struggling in a class to prove the existence of a God in whom I do not believe .
The God of the philosophers is not the same as the God revealed to us in the God / Man , Jesus Christ .
As I often say to those who “ do not believe in God ” – “ Tell me about the God you do n’t believe in , I may not believe in Him either . ”
There are things for which reason is useful and things for which it is not .
Reason is not the universal human tool – it ’s just a useful tool .
The existence of God ( the Christian God ) cannot be proven in the manner which reason requires .
He is not an object such that He can be observed , nor is He a mathematical theorem or formula that can be derived from something else .
He is not the consequence of anything – thus He does not exist at the end of a chain of logic .
The claim of the Orthodox faith ( other Christians may say different things – I take no responsibility for them ) – is that God is unknowable .
It also puts forward the paradox that the God who is unknowable , has made Himself known to us in the Incarnation of Jesus Christ .
We know God because Christ has made Him known .
This claim of the Church is more than a statement about an event in our world ’s history .
The Orthodox claim is that the God who made Himself known in the Incarnation , continues to make Himself known through our participation in His life .
I could state this formally as : “ We know the Father , through the Son , by the Holy Spirit . ”
Such language is outside the bounds of reason .
It describes something that is a truth claim that cannot be proved nor disproved by reason .
That this is so does not seem in the least unusual to me .
There are many things , it would seem to me , that are outside the bounds of reason .
Human beings use reason , but we do not live reasonably .
Reason describes an activity that we engage in , but it does not describe us .
I would suggest that my own existence cannot be proven nor any human ’s existence .
I am unique and unrepeatable ( as are all persons ) .
And though I may be described by various associations ( male , American , etc. ) none of these things actually proves me .
I am a human being – not a provable fact .
Considering oneself a provable fact is a diminishment of what it means to be a person .
There is something utterly transcendent about every person that is an inherent part of their personhood .
That transcendence is generally opaque .
It can be known to a certain degree – but more likely apprehended by wonder than reason .
It is a place where reason cannot go .
Of course the diminishment of what it means to be human has been a common by - product of reason ’s project .
There is a very sad history of the use of reason to justify various political and economic schemes that were nothing short of mass murder .
I will quickly grant that religion has been abused as well – though it seems to also have a corrective within it ( at least in some forms of Christianity ) that brings such abuses to an end .
The same corrective has also set occasional bounds to reason ’s excesses .
But the case of abuse does not ultimately make either argument – it simply argues that human beings can abuse anything .
There are some groups of Christians who hold that reason is the proper tool for dealing with the faith .
Generally , they accept a priori the authority of Scripture and then apply “ reason ” as a means of interpretation .
I think this is a novel idea ( no older than the late 18th century ) .
And I think it results in a distortion of the Christian faith as received from Christ and preserved in His Church .
I believe in God .
I believe in God because I have come to know Him in the person of Christ .
The realm of that experience and the living Tradition to which it belongs stands outside of reason – as does much of human life and the universe around us .
Reason ’s
God is too small .
It is not surprising that those who give an inordinate place to reason find such a small God unbelievable .
Share this : Twitter
Email
Facebook
More
Print
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : atheism , Orthodox Christianity , Personhood
The Swedish car maker , now controlled by the Chinese firm Geely , wanted to show journalists how the 2011 S60 sedan 's new ' Collision Warning with Auto Brake ' system works in action , so they catapulted a test car out of a tunnel at around 35 km / h towards a parked truck .
Volvo says this about the system : " Volvo's new Collision Warning with Auto Brake automatically brakes the car if there is an imminent risk of a collision with a moving or stationary vehicle .
The system starts by alerting the driver and preparing the braking system for emergency braking .
If the driver does not respond despite the warning , the brakes are applied automatically .
" via Carscoop
From RezNet
Wilma Mankiller , considered one of the most influential Native Americans in America and the first female chief of a major tribe , has been diagnosed with stage IV metastatic pancreatic cancer , according to Cherokee Nation Principal Chief Chad Smith .
In an e-mail to Cherokee tribal employees Tuesday , Smith forwarded a message from Mankiller and her husband , Charlie Soap .
" I decided to issue this statement because I want my family and friends to know that I am mentally and spiritually prepared for this journey ; a journey that all human beings will take at one time or another , " Mankiller said .
" I learned a long time ago that I can't control the challenges the Creator sends my way but I can control the way I think about them and deal with them . "
Well we just got to lay hands on the above Foxconn - manufactured , Tegra 2 - powered Android prototype , and we 'll be honest -- it was awfully sweet .
There was n't much going on beyond some gaming action -- we did n't see it boot into standard Android -- though it was running the 3D football title you see above at a pretty healthy clip ( check out the video after the break ) .
NVIDIA reps were n't very keen on sharing info about the device , though we can tell you that it 's apparently got 1GB of RAM inside cuddled up to that 1GHz ARM Cortex 9 CPU , a front - facing camera , and the WSVGA screen measures 8.9 - inches ( it 's also a much wider aspect ratio than something like the iPad ) .
We 're going to hold any judgment till we see this thing cooking with a full UI , but we 're not knocking it -- get this in at the right price , and we 'll likely be first in line .
Correction , the screen size is 8.9 - inches , not 9.7 .
Washington , D.C. - The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) asked judges in Washington , D.C. , Wednesday to quash subpoenas issued in predatory lawsuits aimed at movie downloaders , arguing in friend - of - the court briefs that the cases , which together target several thousand BitTorrent users , flout legal safeguards for protecting individuals ' rights .
Public Citizen and the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) Foundation joined EFF on the briefs filed Wednesday .
The lawsuits are the brainchild of a Washington , D.C. , law firm calling itself the " U.S. Copyright Group " ( USCG ) .
USCG investigators have identified IP addresses they allege are associated with the unauthorized downloading of independent films , including " Far Cry " and " The Hurt Locker . "
To date , USCG has filed seven " John Doe " lawsuits in D.C. , implicating well over 14,000 individuals , and has issued subpoenas to ISPs seeking the names and addresses of the subscribers associated with those IP addresses .
Several ISPs have complied , but Time Warner Cable moved to quash the three subpoenas it received , arguing that USCG is abusing the discovery process .
In briefs filed in support of the cable giant , EFF says the John Doe defendants are being deprived of a fair chance to defend themselves by the strategies adopted by the USCG .
" By requiring those sued to defend these cases in D.C. , regardless of where they live , and by having thousands of defendants lumped into a single case , the USCG has stacked the deck against the defendants , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Corynne McSherry .
" In addition , the First Amendment mandates that each defendant be given notice and opportunity to quash a subpoena and that the plaintiff offer sufficient evidence of infringement about each defendant individually . "
" If USCG wants to sue thousands of people , it needs to give each defendant a fair chance to fight the accusations , " added EFF Civil Liberties Director Jennifer Granick .
" Instead , USCG is taking shortcuts that will result in innocent people getting tangled up in the dragnet . "
USCG 's strategy appears to be to threaten a judgment of $ 150,000 per downloaded movie -- the maximum penalty allowable by law in copyright suits and a very unlikely judgment in cases arising from a single , noncommercial infringement -- in order to pressure the alleged infringers to settle quickly for about $ 2,500 per person .
USCG unapologetically explains this strategy on its website : " As a practical matter each individual infringer lacks the assets , net worth and earning capacity to make civil prosecution practical ... until the SaveCinema.org efforts of the US Copyright Group . "
USCG has also said it plans to target thousands more individuals for legal action in the coming months .
" We 've long been concerned that some attorneys would attempt to create a business by cutting corners in mass copyright lawsuits against fans , shaking settlements out of people who are n't in a position to raise legitimate defenses and becoming a category of ' copyright trolls ' to rival those seen in patent law , " said EFF Legal Director Cindy Cohn .
" We 're asking the court to step in now and force USCG to follow the rules that apply in all other cases . "
For the full amicus brief :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/uscg_does/Achte-Neunte%20Final%20Brief.pdf
For more on this case :
http://www.eff.org/cases/achte-neunte-v-does
Contact :
Corynne McSherry
IP Director
Electronic Frontier Foundation
corynne@eff.org
Ben Goldacre , The Guardian , Saturday 5 June 2010
“ Fish oil helps schoolchildren to concentrate ” was the headline in the Observer .
Regular readers will remember the omega - 3 fish oil pill issue , as the entire British news media has been claiming for several years now that there are trials showing it improves school performance and behaviour in mainstream children , despite the fact that no such trial has ever been published .
There is something very attractive about the idea that solutions to complex problems in education can be found in a pill .
So have things changed ?
The Observer ’s health correspondent , Denis Campbell , is on the case , and it certainly sounds like they have .
“ Boys aged eight to 11 who were given doses once or twice a day of docosahexaenoic acid , an essential fatty acid known as DHA , showed big improvements in their performance during tasks involving attention . ”
Great .
“ The researchers gave 33 US schoolboys 400 mg or 1,200 mg doses of DHA or a placebo every day for eight weeks .
Those who had received the high doses did much better in mental tasks involving mathematical challenges . ”
Brilliant news .
Is it true ?
After some effort , I have tracked down the academic paper .
The first thing to note is that this study was not a trial of whether fish oil pills improve childrens ’ performance , it was a brain imaging study .
They took 33 kids , divided them into 3 groups ( of 10 , 10 and 13 children ) and then gave them either : no omega - 3 , a small dose , or a big dose .
Then the children performed some attention tasks in a brain scanner , to see if bits of their brains lit up differently .
Why am I saying “ omega - 3 ” ?
Because it was n’t a study of fish oil , as the Observer says , but of omega - 3 fatty acids derived from algae .
Small print .
If this had been a trial to detect whether omega - 3 improves performance , it would be laughably small : a dozen children in each group .
While small studies are n’t entirely useless , as amateurs often claim , you do have a very small number of observations to work from , so your study is much more prone to error from the simple play of chance .
A study with 11 children in each arm could conceivably detect an effect , but only if the fish oil caused a gigantic and unambiguous improvement in all the children who got it , and none on placebo improved .
This paper showed no difference in performance at all .
Since it was a brain imaging study , not a trial , they only report the results of children ’s actual performance on the attention task in passing , in a single paragraph , but they are clear : “ there were no significant group differences in percentage correct , commission errors , discriminability , or reaction time ” .
So this is all looking pretty wrong .
Are we even talking about the same academic paper ?
I ’ve a long - standing campaign to get mainstream media to link to original academic papers when they write about them , at least online , with some limited success on the BBC website .
I asked Denis Campbell which academic paper he was referring to , but he declined to answer , and passed me on the Stephen Pritchard , the Readers Editor for the Observer , who answered a couple of days later to say he did n’t understand why he was being involved .
Eventually Denis confirmed , but through Stephen Pritchard , that it was indeed this paper ( qurl.com / denis ) from the April edition of the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition .
If we are very generous , is it informative , in any sense , that a brain area lights up differently in a scanner after some pills ?
Intellectually , it may be .
But doctors get very accustomed to drug company sales reps and enthusiastic researchers who approach them with an excitingtheoretical reason why one treatment should be better than another ( or better than life as usual without the miracle treatment ) : maybe their intervention works selectively on only one kind of receptor molecule , for example , so it should therefore have fewer side effects .
Similarly , drug reps and researchers will often announce that their intervention has some kind of effect on some kind of elaborate measure of some kind of surrogate outcome : maybe a molecule in the blood goes up in concentration , or down , in a way that suggests the intervention might be effective .
This is all very well .
But it ’s not the same as showing that something really does actually work , back here in the real world , and medicine is overflowing with unfulfilled promises from this kind of early theoretical research .
It ’s not even in the same ballpark as showing that something works .
And oddly enough , someone has finally now conducted a proper trial of fish oils pills in mainstream children , to see if they work : a well - conducted , randomised , double - blind , placebo - controlled trial , in 450 children aged 8 – 10 years old from a mainstream school population .
It was published in full this year ( qurl.com / fish ) , and they found no improvement .
Show me the news headlines about that paper .
Meanwhile Euromonitor estimate global sales for fish oil pills at $ 2bn , having doubled in 5 years , with sales projected to reach $ 2.5 bn by 2012 , and they are now the single best selling product in the UK food supplement market .
This has only been possible with the kind assistance of the British media , and their eagerness for stories about the magic intelligence pill .
Stuff :
You might also enjoy this takedown of the Observer piece by Dorothy Bishop , professor of neuropsychology in Oxford , and this at HolfordWatch .
I should say , it makes me admire the Guardian even more that they publish a column like this about one of our own news articles .
Although I do think the headline they used ( “ Omega - 3 lesson , not so much brain boost as fishy research “ ) is wrong , as it was n’t the research that was problematic , it was the reporting of it .
Speed Dial ( visual bookmarks ) with groups in your New tab page for power users !
Now you can fit all your favorite sites into one fast SpeedDial in an organized fashion .
Dials are synchronized through Cloud to all your devices !
For free !
No Ads !
Rated 4.4 out of 5 Juraj Mäsiar
Mansell was driving a Ginetta Zytek for Beechdean Motorsport Britain 's Nigel Mansell crashed only 17 minutes into his Le Mans 24 Hour race debut in France on Saturday .
The ex-Formula 1 champion appeared to suffer a puncture before hitting the barriers after Mulsanne corner .
Mansell , part of a three - driver line - up alongside sons Leo and Greg , remained in his car for several minutes before being taken to a waiting ambulance .
Early reports from the track said he was helped out of his car by marshals but did not appear to be injured .
An update on the Le Mans official website later claimed that Mansell was " fine " after receiving " a bump on the head " .
Mansell , who also won the 1993 IndyCar series in the United States , started from 18th on the grid in his Beechdean Motorsport Ginetta Zytek .
After five laps , in slippery conditions , his car clipped the rail between posts 89 and 95 - a fast stretch known as Indianapolis .
The world famous endurance race was held up for 31 minutes behind the safety car before getting underway again .
Mansell arrived at the circuit 's medical centre just after 1540 local time for assessment .
He left in an ambulance bound for a local hospital 30 minutes later .
Greg Mansell , 22 , said : " He 's having some extra checks .
He took a bit of a knock but he should be fine . "
Speaking ahead of the race , Mansell Snr said : " The goal is to finish and get more competitive , and the biggest goal is to attract a sponsor so that we can continue our dream . "
It was the first time a team of drivers featuring a father and two sons has competed at Le Mans .
Mansell retired from F1 after two races during the 1995 season but returned to the cockpit in the Grand Prix Masters Series for veteran F1 drivers in 2005 and 2006 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON Ã¢â‚¬â€ 
The US government would be barred from buying any Chinese goods or services under legislation unveiled Friday by US senators angry at Beijing ’s policy of buying only from domestic sources .
The prohibition would last until China , a World Trade Organization ( WTO ) member for nearly 10 years , signs on to the WTO ’s “ Agreement of Governmental Procurement , ” enabling Washington to challenge Beijing ’s procurement rules .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ China continues to discriminate against American businesses , refusing to let our companies bid on Chinese government contracts , ” said Democratic Senator Debbie Stabenow , the measure ’s lead author .
“ We want to export our products , not our jobs .
Until China agrees to play by the rules , our legislation guarantees federal taxpayer dollars are not being used to purchase Chinese goods and services , ” she said in a statement .
The lawmakers , three Democrats and Republican Senator Lindsey Graham , complained that US firms cannot compete in China ’s government procurement market , estimated at 500 billion dollars , while the US government buys Chinese tires , ammunition , office equipment , and other items .
“ I want a good , working relationship with China , but that partnership needs to be fair and equitable , ” said Graham .
Beijing ’s “ indigenous innovation ” practice of buy key products from domestic producers only has drawn increasingly heavy fire in the US Congress , where lawmakers face pressure over a gloomy jobs picture ahead of November elections .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ When China fails to play the rules , US tax dollars should not be used to buy Chinese - made products , ” said Democratic Senator Sherrod Brown .
“ American businesses deserve to compete on an equal footing and our government needs to take seriously China ’s unfair practices , ” said Democratic Senator Russell Feingold .
Well , it looks like the Courier 's demise could be having some far bigger implications for Microsoft than anyone had suspected .
According to ZDNet's Mary Jo Foley , Microsoft 's Chief Experience Officer and CTO for its Entertainment and Devices division , J Allard , has been on sabbatical from the company for the past short while and is " unlikely to return " -- all due to the fate of the Courier .
According to Foley 's sources , Allard was " the champion " of the Courier , and had reportedly made his feelings about the device and its ultimate demise clear on numerous occasions -- including , of course , directly to Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer .
According to another of Foley 's sources , things eventually got so heated that Ballmer " showed Allard the door " because of their disagreements about the Courier 's potential .
So , did he jump or was he pushed ?
Microsoft is n't saying , and Allard is seemingly nowhere to be found .
by Brett Stevens on May 12 , 2010
Conservatives thought diversity meant co-existing with others .
Now they see it as a permanent need for subsidy , and are realizing the diversity may be a cause of perpetual conflict , with the majority being destroyed so its wealth can be redistributed to the minority who feel victimized .
When I first got my start writing in politics , a wise older editor took me aside and said something along these lines : “ Write what you want , but stay away from hand grenade issues like race and class . ”
The reason these are hand grenade issues is that when they come up , the scene resembles one of the old cartoons where a character lights a stick of dynamite and tosses it to another .
Every person in the room keeps trying to pass the stick to someone else .
At some point the fuse burns down , and everyone gets blasted .
However , like any important facet of reality that gets swept under the rug , eventually we need to confront it and find a way to either defuse the bomb , or chuck it overboard from the ship of life .
Right now we ’re seeing two sides setting up for long - term combat :
The American Middle Class : mostly conservative , mostly Christian - ish in that they at least think religion is a good idea , hard - working and tend to be proud of their background and ancestors .
These group together under conservative because they expect government to avoid collapsing and defend the country , but not do much else .
They have low expectations of the society around them .
The New Americans : the young , the disenfranchised urban laborer , the defiant minority , the child of the majority who hates his or her parents , the recent immigrant , the non-European in descent , who come with a diversity of attributes , religions or lack thereof , and political outlooks .
They are united by a sense of not being the majority , and a sense of victimhood .
Not all people from the above categories belong to these rough divisions , but statistically , these are more accurate .
Most African - Americans vote Democratic , as do most immigrants from non-European countries excepting northern Asians .
Most middle class suburban Americans fit the profile above , although surely there are exceptions .
What ’s interesting about these groups is that they are nascent ideologies .
The first group roughly fits under the conservative banner , but found the conservative parties in power were not helpful enough .
The second group roughly fits under the liberal banner because liberalism contains the idea of people uniting to change the way society works regarding inequality .
That is the primary liberal issue , and it touches members of those groups the most .
For this reason , any American political issue is going to be bound up with the issue of race .
Nativist Americans of the Western European stock who founded this country tend toward being conservative , middle class and Tea Party - ish ; newer populations and re-enfranchised populations tend to oppose that majority .
To spell it out : the Tea Party are the people who were once the majority in this country , and they ’re fighting against demographic change in order to preserve their lifestyle .
This causes the left to use the same canard they ’ve been using since the Civil War , which is to claim the majority is “ racist ” because it has n’t worked hard to specifically include those who oppose it and hope to demographically replace it .
To use this rhetoric , liberals construe race as a subset of class warfare , where the haves ( American Nativists , middle classes , conservatives ) are somehow denying the have - nots ( minorities , immigrants , women , gays and people who feel they are victimized ) .
From the conservative view of course this is insanity .
Conservatives see the ideal not as a government reaching out to people , but a level playing field , and the best getting ahead .
Their type of “ freedom ” also includes the ability to associate and live around those you want to live around , and ( listen closely , left ) they do not see this as racist .
To their mindset , if the playing field is level , black people have as good a shot as anyone else , and there ’s nothing to be gained and no harm done by not letting them in the neighborhood .
After all , they ’ve probably built their own by now and are happy there .
We ’re doing our boring , white , suburban , conservative , churchy , probably - don ’t - use - chile - peppers - much happy lifestyle here .
This is why we can get this radical split :
In a new Washington Post - ABC News poll , most Americans see the movement as motivated by distrust of government , opposition to the policies of Obama and the Democratic Party , and broad concern about the economy .
But nearly three in 10 see racial prejudice as underlying the tea party .
Supporters and opponents alike say the movement draws its strength from opposition to Obama ’s policies , but they split deeply on the race question , according to the poll : About 61 percent of tea party opponents say racism has a lot to do with the movement , a view held by just 7 percent of tea party supporters . …
“ I think there is an element of fear that ‘ our white country ’ is now being run by a black man .
There is a sense that 1950s America is gone , ” said Herb Neumann , a white Democrat from Tulsa .
“ There ’s a sense of loss .
I grew up in the 1950s , and I do n’t think that moving on is a bad thing . ”
– Tea party groups are battling accusations of racism , The Houston Chronicle , May 5 , 2010
To the left , anyone who does not extend a helping hand is racist .
To the right , the ability to live in 1950s - style white conservative suburbs is a right , and their support for diversity was predicated on their belief that they could continue to do this .
Now that they ’re seeing that “ diversity ” has gone from “ tolerate others living in our country ” to “ every subdivision must be diverse , speech codes must be enforced , and those who do not obey are called racists , ” the white majority is fighting back .
Their message is simple : we want to change the laws so we can get the Nanny State off our back and continue to live as we have been , without having to subsidize others .
Liberals will never understand this , but in conservative ideology , you do n’t subsidize other people — in part because it ’s condescending , but in part because it ruins the work ethic of your nation .
That ’s what all the rambling about “ socialism ” is about : we want to preserve our values , including work ethic .
And now that the Great Uniter has turned into the Great Champion of the Left and Its Constituents , the white majority has turned against the idea of forced diversity , against the idea of government as a moral agent , and instead , they want a small government with few functions and to let nature sort the rest out :
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed a bill targeting a school district ’s ethnic studies program on Tuesday , hours after a report by United Nations human rights experts condemned the measure .
State schools chief Tom Horne pushed the measure for years , saying the program in a Tucson school district promotes “ ethnic chauvinism ” and racial resentment toward whites .
The measure prohibits classes that advocate ethnic solidarity , that are designed primarily for students of a particular race or that promote resentment toward a certain ethnic group .
It also prohibits classes that promote the overthrow of the U.S. government .
– Arizona Governor Signs Bill Targeting Ethnic Studies Program , Associated Press , May 11 , 2010
They do n’t want their kids being taught that Jimmy has two daddies ; that ’s not their value system .
They do n’t want diversity training .
They ’ll teach their kids that black folk have souls and you need to treat them like you treat your white neighbors .
But they want to continue living in their essentially 1950s styles neighborhoods .
Underneath that , there ’s also a sickening revelation : in diversity , some group must be the oppressive majority and another group the oppressed minority .
This is the narrative of diversity , or the story that fits with that dogma .
Naturally , if the oppressor does n’t want to give to the oppressed , the oppressor is really bad .
Racist , even .
The Tea Party wants to undo this , and gets called racist for their trouble .
This will lead to the next stage , which is people ruminating on these words and others like them :
Never in recorded history has diversity been anything but a problem .
Look at Ireland with its Protestant and Catholic populations , Canada with its French and English populations , Israel with its Jewish and Palestinian populations .
Or consider the warring factions in India , Sri Lanka , China , Iraq , Czechoslovakia ( until it happily split up ) , the Balkans and Chechnya .
Also look at the festering hotbeds of tribal warfare — I mean the beautiful mosaics — in Third World hellholes like Afghanistan , Rwanda and South Central , L.A. “ Diversity ” is a difficulty to be overcome , not an advantage to be sought .
True , America does a better job than most at accommodating a diverse population .
We also do a better job at curing cancer and containing pollution .
But no one goes around mindlessly exclaiming : “ Cancer is a strength ! ” “ Pollution is our greatest asset ! ” – AT THE END OF THE DAY , DIVERSITY HAS JUMPED THE SHARK , HORRIFICALLY , Ann Coulter , November 18 , 2009
Nothing in nature is equal , even though we pretend it is so .
Diversity of any kind will involve one group being more prosperous than another , even if it ’s Flemings and Walloons who are from the same race .
Diversity takes many forms : social classes , race / ethnic , religion , values systems , and even politics .
People are beginning to see that the problem is not the groups in a diverse situation ( oppressor and oppressed ) but diversity in itself .
Demanding diversity causes endless conflict that can only end with the majority being destroyed so its wealth can be redistributed to the angry .
This is n’t limited to America alone .
In Europe , the Western European nations cluster together in average IQ , wealth and customs .
Southern and Eastern Europe are outliers to that equation .
The EQ is currently being threatened by the PIGS ( Portugal , Italy , Greece and Spain — essentially all of Southern Europe ) going into default , much as it is also threatened by all of Eastern Europe going into default and an increasingly bellicose Russia .
That ’s in addition to its constant race / religious riots caused by incompatibilities between Muslim and Western cultures .
In diversity , each member of a social group faces a grim choice :
Assimilate .
Find out what the culture is , and make that your culture instead .
The problem is that then culture becomes a lowest common denominator by finding the few things compatible between many different elements .
Segregate .
Form your own community within a larger community .
However , then you are alienated from the majority and incompatible with their customs , so wealth disparities proliferate .
Interestingly , most groups choose the second option because the first option involves them giving up a lot of who they are .
Presumably , after enough interbreeding has occurred , there will be no group and so this problem will go away — but then an even worse problem will exist .
Without cultural values to hold us toward a standard of behavior , we ONLY have government intervention to keep us all moving in the same direction .
That ’s why the Police State we feared in the 1930s has become the Nanny State : a well - intentioned but armed babysitter keeping track of people who have almost nothing in common in terms of their value systems , abilities and goals .
Without culture to glue a society together , you get a totalitarian nanny .
For this reason , ethno- nationalism , or the idea that the ethnic group should define the state and not vice - versa , has gained currency .
Each group — whether Black Panthers , Walloons , Jews , Muslims , Pagans , Conservatives or Trekkies — wants to be able to live according to its own rules without others interfering .
And so they ’re thinking about separation .
The Tea Parties are just the start .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Support KDVS and PII !
The KDVS Fundraiser is upon us !
Starting April 18 at midnight , we 'll be asking our listeners and lovers to show their support for independent , weirdo music and media by donating their hard - earned cash .
In one week , we hope to raise $ 60,000 , which is 2/3 of our annual budget .
But you get awesome stuff in return !
KDVS offers hundreds of premiums packages as thank - yous : music packages ( I got K Records and Electricity + Lust to donate this year ) , T - shirts , artwork , tons of stuff .
I 've also made a Phoning It In 2011 compilation , with a song from each episode so far this year .
Check out the tracklist here .
If you donate during my show ( Monday the 18th , 6 to 8 pm PST ) , you 'll get the compilation thrown in with whatever other package you want , AND you 'll get handmade cover art .
Pledge online at fundraiser .kdvs.org or call 877-399-KDVS
( 5387 ) anytime during the week !
Thank you for keeping lo-fi on the radio !
Written by : Brianna
A visit to the dentist may soon involve a lot less drilling and filling .
A brand new technology could eliminate the need to have cavities drilled or filled .
A new peptide is placed in a soft gel or flexible film and inserted next to a cavity .
This peptide encourages the cells to regenerate within about a month , the ACS Nano reports .
Unlike toothpaste which can be used to prevent cavities , this development is to control the cavities after they occur .
Nadia Benikrane - Jessel is a scientist at the Institut National de la Sane et de la Recherché Medicale , says “ This new research could make a trip to the dentist ’s office more pleasant .
” Instead of a drill the dentist will just have to place a dab of gel or a thin film against the infected tooth to promote healing from the inside .
The causes of cavities vary ; they can be caused by certain foods , sugary drinks or lack of dental hygiene .
But the resulting pain is the all the same .
Bacteria and pus filled holes in or on your tooth that lead to discomfort , bad breath , and pain .
Similarly until now the treatment of cavities has been the same .
Drill out the damaged tooth to remove the decay and fill the hole to keep the cavity from growing .
Doctor Benikrane - Jessel cautions people that the films or gels only treat existing cavities , they do not prevent cavities from forming and that people will still need to use good dental hygiene to prevent cavities to begin with .
The peptide contained in the gel or films is known as MSH or melanocyte - stimulating hormone .
Studies conducted and reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences showed that MSH stimulates and encourages bone regeneration .
Because bones and teeth are so similar , scientists reasoned that if the MSH were applied to damaged teeth it should also promote the healing .
Hom - Lay Wang a dentist at the University of Michigan said ” Treating cavities without drilling would have its advantages ” .
Cavities and drilling can cause nerve damage and even destroy nerves and blood vessels inside the tooth making it more fragile and brittle .
By regenerating a tooth , people could avoid needing crowns after a cavity has been filled or repaired .
New Delhi , India ( CNN ) --
The national census in India is striking a raw nerve in the country with a proposal to add a question it has not asked since British colonial times :
What is your caste ?
Fifteen - year - old Chanda sits outside her handmade hut in a Delhi slum playing a game with the only toys she has , small dusty rocks from the road .
She is spunky and street smart but has never been to school .
She said the national census workers came to her home and asked her a lot of questions , including : " What is your caste ? "
That question has not been a part of the census since 1931 under British rule .
The government 's move to make it a part of the 2010 census is generating strong opposition .
Groups of protesters opposed to it say the caste question can be used to divide India .
Some scholars say the British used caste to play one group of Indians against another .
" This is going to harm , this is going to divide ; this is going to finally create anarchy .
This is going to take further all the bad wrong things that have slowly spread like poison , and there is no end to it , " said Sonal Mansingh , one of India 's most renowned dancers and a member of a campaign opposing the caste question .
Caste is a complicated , hot - button issue in the South Asian country .
For centuries , caste could determine where you live , your job , even who you could marry and where you were buried , among other things .
It has been used to brutally discriminate against people , especially those in lower castes , but in current times is also being used in a quota system to try to uplift those who have typically been discriminated against .
In the Hindu tradition , four main castes are broken down into hundreds of subcastes that can dictate your status in Indian society .
Then there is one level of society deemed to be unworthy of a caste -- so reviled that they were called " untouchables . "
Now they are often referred to as Dalits .
Even now , particularly in villages , caste can dictate one 's life .
But slowly the strict lines of the caste culture are dissolving , especially in the cities .
Still , Chanda , who lives in a New Delhi slum , said caste was important in her neighborhood .
" If I do inter - caste marriage my parents will kill me , " she said , noting she does n't see a problem with a caste question on the census because it is a part of life .
Some from her community think it may bring them more government benefits .
The government still uses a person 's caste as a part of a quota system to determine certain government benefits .
The system sets aside a percentage of government jobs or seats in schools for those from what are referred to as scheduled castes -- those with traditionally little education and opportunity .
The government is still deciding on whether caste should be included in the census .
" It has been submitted to the group of ministers who are discussing it , " said R.C. Sethi the Additional Registrar General in charge of the census .
But the caste question is already being asked , according to some who have participated in the census .
" They asked , but no one here is opposing the caste question , " Delhi resident Rajesh Kumar Ahiwal said of his neighborhood .
" Besides they can tell my caste through my surname . "
The debate over the issue is not over by a long shot as India tries to count more than one billion people this year .
Jagdish C. Sharma , former secretary of India 's Ministry of External Affairs who helped start one of the anti-caste question groups , said that as India secures its position on the world stage , there is no place for such divisive measures .
" It is not in accordance with the spirit of the India constitution , which talked about a casteless and classless society .
Now , our attempts should be to achieve that dream , to make that dream a reality rather than take such retrograde steps when slowly these boundaries are erasing , " Sharma said .
Eric Blair
Activist Post
June 24 , 2010
To borrow a phrase often used in Joe Lieberman ’s failed presidential primary bid in 2004 , America ’s tyrannical campaign “ is picking up Joe- mentum ” thanks in large part due to legislation introduced by Deputy Dog himself .
Lieberman has turned into a freedom - hating monster in the name of security and usually in defense of Israel ’s geopolitical interests over America’s .
Let ’s roll back the clock for a moment .
When Lieberman was selected as Al Gore ’s running mate for the 2000 White House run , we Connecticut natives felt a certain amount of pride , much like rooting for our UCONN Huskies when their sports teams play in the big game .
After all , Connecticut is a very small state and we had a “ finalist ” on the biggest reality show for the most powerful prize in the world .
And at the time Lieberman enjoyed a pretty solid political reputation as a middle - of - the - road realist .
In fact , many conservatives at the time often complained that Lieberman was compromising his values running with a “ liberal ” like Gore .
Ever since Bush was crowned the winner of the 2000 “ American Presidential Idol ” by the Judges , and not the viewing audience , and then America was attacked on September 11th , Lieberman has turned into a freedom - hating monster in the name of security and usually in defense of Israel ’s geopolitical interests over America’s .
In short , he has become the Neo-cons top political puppet .
These days , it seems that every piece of liberty - smashing legislation has Lieberman ’s name on it .
Well , we know that very few elected officials write , or even read , the bills they introduce and pass — especially long technical legislation like the Patriot Act and the Healthcare Bill .
Therefore , the legislation is simply “ processed ” by the minions in Congress to serve the agenda of its Elite authors .
I mean , first any legislation has to be envisioned , then researched , referenced , and carefully written .
Then , most importantly , the writers must sell advertising to their cronies by way of mandates and pork projects that will surely be included at the taxpayers ’ expense .
With a team of experts this process should take years to produce comprehensive legislation like the Patriot Act and the recent 2000 - page plus Sickcare Bill .
It is interesting to remember that the Patriot Act was written before 9/11 , thus our hardworking representatives had the “ solution ” well before the “ problem ” occurred and before we “ reacted ” in terror .
It should also be noted that very few elected officials actually read the bill before passing it under the cover of darkness .
But I digress . . . .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
All of Lieberman ’s recently proposed legislation appears to have been lifted from the pages of Brave New World and 1984 respectively :
First on the playbill is the McCain - Lieberman Enemy Belligerent
Act which gives the tyrannical government the power to detain and hold American citizens without Miranda rights simply for questioning the government and its policies .
In other words , soon Big Brother ’s Thought Police can make you and your rights disappear with no recourse .
Second is the Kerry - Lieberman Clean Energy and American Power Act S.1733 , once considered on life support but now getting a BP blood transfusion from the Gulf oil disaster .
It is a Robin Hood - in - reverse bill that does little to help real environmental problems .
Originally crafted in secret meetings between Al Gore and Kenneth “ Kenny Boy ” Lay ( of Enron Ponzi fame ) well before Gore won his Oscar and Nobel , and certainly before Global Warming had been openly advertised to the general public .
It has been reported that the Bill aims to tax your pets for their CO2 output , but leaves monster polluters like the shipping industry exempt .
Take from the poor , give to the …static … static … this programming is proudly brought to you by our sponsors : BP and Big Oil , and your friendly banksters at Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan .
And for the final Act , the Lieberman Protecting Cyberspace Act S.3480 which regulates the Internet in a more draconian fashion than in China , and gives Obama ( and all future teleprompter readers ) a “ kill switch ” for the Internet for purposes they deem necessary .
While doing his press blitz to promote his new show , Lieberman ’s true colors shown never brighter as when he said , “ China can regulate the internet , why ca n ’t we ? ”
To which champions of Liberty shouted , “ Because we are the LAND OF THE FREE and China is a Communist civil - and - human - rights CATASTROPHE !
That ’s WHY ! ”
Time and time again , Lieberman appears to be one of the anchor puppets for the Elite overlords when it comes to legislation that removes individual liberty from the tax - paying audience .
His ratings have taken a deep plunge since his days as an American Presidential Idol finalist ; perhaps he thinks he can resurrect them in the role of TYRANNYsaurus Rex .
… static…static …
We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming …
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
“ We can touch the living Buddha .
We can also touch the living Christ .
When we see someone overflowing with love and understanding , someone who is keenly aware of what is going on , we know that we are very close to the Buddha and to Jesus Christ . ”
Thich Nhat Hanh
One of the things I love about my heart teacher , Thich Nhat Hanh ( Thây ) , is that the wonderful non-dogmatic , ecumenical spirit he brings to his dharma teaching .
Thây was a close friend with Christian mystic Thomas Merton and has always been able to communicate with people of different faiths , finding common ground .
When talking to my Christian , Muslim , Hindu , agnostic , and atheist friends , I ’ve always tried to remember these words from his book Living Buddha , Living Christ :
“ God as the ground of being can not be conceived of .
Nirvana also cannot be conceived of .
If we are aware when we use the word “ nirvana ” or the word “ God ” that we are talking about the ground of being , there is no danger in using these words .
But if we say , “ According to Buddhism , this exists , ” or This does not exist , ” it is not Buddhism , because the ideas of being and non-being are extremes that the Buddha transcended .
When we share the Dharma , we must speak carefully so that we and our listeners do not get stuck in words or concepts .
It ’s our duty to transcend words and concepts to be able to encounter reality .
To be in touch with the source of our own wisdom is the way to show most eloquently that the Buddha is alive .
We can touch the living Buddha .
We can also touch the living Christ .
When we see someone overflowing with love and understanding , someone who is keenly aware of what is going on , we know that we are very close to the Buddha and to Jesus Christ .
Recently , I had a good discussion with a friend who is a Christian about what “ holiness ” is and whether or not there is such a thing in Buddhism .
As a practicing Buddhist who came from a Christian background , I told him yes , that I had found no loss of the “ holy ” in the Buddhist path .
Indeed , I felt that the scope and breadth of what I found to be “ holy ” had expanded to include the most mundane things .
Why ?
Because I found Buddhist mindfulness and meditation had the effect of stripping away the veil of the “ ordinary ” and mundane from my eyes .
Mindfulness helps me look into the nature and the very deep marvel and mystery of existence itself .
When I am mindful , when I bring the compassionate eyes of an aspiring Bodhisattva to my marriage , to my friends , to my work , to nature — to every aspect of my life — I find I am sometimes almost overwhelmed by the joy and happiness and sense of bliss I feel in just being present for myself and others .
When we get caught up in words and concepts — whether we are Buddhist or Christian or whatever — we tend to become blind and stop seeing the person in front of us .
While conceptually , we may agree to disagree with others about the nature of the ultimate , we should n’t stop trying to see where we can meet in love and wisdom in the here and now .
And what speaks most loudly to others is not our words or beliefs , but our lives — our character , our actions , and our way of being in the world .
Listening to Thây talk about the Buddha , Christ Jesus , God , nirvana , the ground of being , the Holy Spirit , one might conclude that he does not understand how the profound differences between these words as people of different faith understand them .
But Thich Nhat Hanh is a deep scholar of Buddhist Theravadan and Mahayanan texts .
It ’s clear from his books that he also very familiar with Christian doctrine and that throughout his life he has been in a dialog with Christian priests and thinkers .
If you look deeply into his books on these subjects , and ponder what he ’s trying to do in them , you ’ll see that Thây is n’t naively trying to say Buddhist and Christian beliefs do n’t radically differ on many points .
What ’s he is pointing to is a common ground beyond all words and concepts where heart may meet heart , a place where we can see and love and respect each other — a place where we can put aside sectarian conflict and violence and rest in loving - kindness and understanding .
Here are some more thoughts on the subject , which Thây shared in a talk at Plum Village .
I hope it inspires Buddhists , as well as people of other faiths , or non-faith , to consider how we can meet together in the holiness of mindful presence and loving - kindness , whatever words we use to describe the unveiling of reality :
Many years ago when I visited Italy , I met a Catholic priest who organized a public talk for me .
We had time to talk with each other , and I asked him this question : “ My friend , what is the Holy Spirit to you ? ”
And he said that the Holy Spirit is the energy of God , sent by God to us .
I thought that expression is beautiful , and as a Buddhist practitioner I can accept it very easily .
The Holy Spirit is the kind of energy that helps you to be compassionate , to be healed of your ill being .
I think Catholics and Protestants would agree about that : the Holy Spirit is the agent of healing , of transformation , of joy , of being there .
In Buddhist circles , we say very much the same thing to describe mindfulness .
To us , mindfulness is the energy that can help us to be there , in the here and the now .
Mindfulness helps us to be alive , and since we are there , we are capable of touching life deeply , of understanding , of accepting , of loving .
If we continue to develop that energy of understanding and loving , then we will get the healing and transformation that we need .
That is why the Holy Spirit is exactly what we call the energy of mindfulness .
I can say that a Buddha or a bodhisattva is someone who is made of the energy of mindfulness .
Each of us has a seed of mindfulness within ourselves .
If we practice walking , sitting , smiling , breathing , eating , doing things every day with mindfulness , we help that seed of mindfulness in us to grow , and it will generate that energy of mindfulness that helps us to be alive , fully present in the here and the now , helping us to understand , to accept , forgive , and to love , to be healed .
That is why it is correct to say that the energy of mindfulness is the energy of a Buddha , of a bodhisattva .
We have that energy in ourselves , and if we know how to practice , we can generate that energy from within .
To me , the expressions “ Holy Spirit ” and “ Mindfulness ” both point to the same thing — something that is very concrete , that is available us in the here and the now , and not just an idea , a notion .
Excerpt from a dharma
Talk given by Thich Nhat Hanh on July 20 , 1998 in Plum Village , France .
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
Top boffins in the States believe that they may be on the track of a way to place living human beings into suspended animation , allowing them to survive long periods effectively frozen before being " reanimated " with no ill effects .
Dr Mark Roth , based at a Seattle cancer laboratory , got interested in suspended animation after looking at several cases where this has occurred spontaneously in humans .
One well - known case is that of Canadian toddler Erica Nordby , who wandered outside in the winter of 2001 wearing only her nappy .
In the bitter cold her heart stopped beating for two hours and her body temperature plunged to just 16 °C * before she was rescued , warmed - and came miraculously back to life , despite having literally frozen to death .
In another case a Japanese man , Mitsutaka Uchikoshi , fell asleep on a snowy mountainside in 2006 .
He was found 23 days later with a core body temperature of just 22°C * .
He too was successfully reanimated having suffered no appreciable ill effects .
" There are many examples in the scientific literature of humans who appear frozen to death .
They have no heartbeat and are clinically dead .
But they can be reanimated , " says Dr Roth .
Roth and his colleagues wondered how it is that some people can enter a state of frozen suspended animation and then recover from it safely , whereas in general such a change of body temperature is deadly .
The scientists now think they may be on the track of an answer , having learned how to perform the same trick reliably with other lifeforms ; in this case yeasts and nematode worms .
Yeasts and worms , like humans , will normally simply die if they are chilled down past a certain point .
But Roth and his colleagues have found that if the little creatures are starved of oxygen before turning on the cold , they will go into suspended animation from which they recover on warming and go on to live normal yeasty or wormy lives .
Here 's an illustrative vid from the team :
" We wondered if what was happening with the organisms in my laboratory was also happening in people like the toddler and the Japanese mountain climber , " says Roth .
" Before they got cold did they somehow manage to decrease their oxygen consumption ?
Is that what protected them ?
Our work in nematodes and yeast suggests that this may be the case , and it may bring us a step closer to understanding what happens to people who appear to freeze to death but can be reanimated . "
The idea here is not so much to place people into deep freeze in order to endure lengthy interstellar voyages , a staple idea in science fiction but unlikely in the near future ( humanity is struggling even to assemble a Mars mission right now ) .
Rather , Roth and his colleagues think that their work might lead to techniques that would let paramedics or doctors " buy time " for severely injured or ill patients by putting them into suspended states like those achieved by Nordby and Uchikoshi .
Then , once the underlying problem had been fixed , they could be reanimated .
Full details of the research are published online ahead of print in the journal Molecular Biology of the Cell , here ( subscription link ) . ®
* Normal adult core body temperature is 37 °C , a trifle lower for kids .
Any variation of much more than a degree is cause for serious concern ; several degrees ' sustained variation is a probably fatal medical emergency of one kind or another .
do f = f bind .
do monad f = f ( head monad ) .
return monad = tail monad .
putLine l = if l then
doIO {
putChar ( head l ) ;
putLine ( tail l )
}
else
returnIO 0 .
returnStateT monad x s = return monad ( x :s ) .
bindStateT monad m k s = bind monad ( m s ) ( \as -> k ( head as ) ( tail as ) ) .
doStateT monad f = f ( bindStateT monad ) .
-- Actually construct the transformed monad .
StateT monad = bindStateT monad : returnStateT monad .
prog = do ( StateT State ) {
liftStateT State ( modify ( plus 1 ) ) ;
a modifyT State ( plus 10 ) ;
b liftStateT State $ put ( a+b ) ;
c return ( StateT State ) $ c+1
} .
