As of last night , metal - archives.com listed 73,580 metal bands worldwide .
I looked through all their names to find the most common ones .
Earlier I Googled " most common metal band names " , with no results .
Now , several hours and bloodshot eyes later , I know why .
It is draining to wade through essentially a giant thesaurus of negativity .
Metal bands like to call themselves the many ( many , many ) names of Satan .
( There are even six ( natch ) bands called Satan . )
They also call themselves everything that 's wrong with the world .
If heavy metal were a singular entity , and its band names were indications of self - estimation , it would have quite the psychological profile .
My methodology was simple .
When band names are identical , metal - archives differentiates them by country ( e.g , " Abyss ( Esp ) " , " Abyss ( Ita ) " , etc. ) .
I considered band names as strictly as possible .
Any variation from a name constituted a different name .
Thus , " The Abyss " did not count for " Abyss " .
Neither would " Abyss " with umlauts , accent marks , foreign spellings , misspellings , or inclusion in a longer name ( e.g. , " Abyss of Doom " ) .
The results would been different had I been more lenient ( " Catharsis " , for example , would have hauled in " Katharsis " and its many variant spellings ) , but I avoided the headache of exceptions .
Only " Abyss " counted for " Abyss " .
Here are the results .
. . .
. . .
Note that these are all one - word names that describe general concepts .
Small wonder that uncreative metallers worldwide name their bands after them .
No doubt such repetition was inevitable before the Internet .
Now that metal - archives is functioning and well - known , there is no excuse for repeating band names .
Age helps .
Despite their general - sounding names , " Death " , " Krieg " , and " Rage " all have only one entry , probably because those bands got established early enough to serve notice to the rest of the world .
" Genocide " jumps out with its unfortunate frequency .
( " Matricide " , " Parricide " , and " Regicide " get seven , 10 , and six nods , respectively .
Similarly , eight bands are named " Pogrom " . )
There are three Heavens and nine Hells ; five Mortals and four Immortals ; seven Lords , four Nomads , three Lone Wolves , and three Ninjas ; eight Macbeths , two Lord Byrons , and one Wuthering Heights ; three Philosophers , one Schopenhauer , and one Nietzschean Reprisal .
Nine bands are Nameless , and two are Sin Nombre .
Somehow there are three Crapulences and three Intestinal Infections .
Two bands have inexplicably called themselves Dormitory .
Thankfully , there is only one Necrogay .
When it comes to hiring any type of insurance , the information is basic to choose the right option .
Sometimes the terms used and exclusions can end up making the person dizzy , so it will always be better to ask and understand well what it is , especially when it will ensure its health against something as harmful as cancer .
Insurance companies …
Read More →
REVIEW PANEL MEMBERS REVIEW PANEL MEMBERS
The members of the independent panel appointed to study the Quadrennial Defense Review include the panel 's co-chairmen : Former Defense secretary William Perry and former National Security adviser Stephen Hadley each work for the defense industry .
Perry is chairman of the board of LGS Innovations , a division of Alcatel Lucent , which won nearly $ 70 million in defense contracts last year , and Hadley is on the board of Raytheon , which won more than $ 15.8 billion , according to government contracting data .
Neither responded to requests for comment .
Other members of the panel with defense ties : Richard Armitage : Member , board of directors , ManTech International .
Appointed by Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
: Member , board of directors , ManTech International .
Appointed by Defense Secretary .
J.D. Crouch :
Head of technology solutions group , QinetiQ .
Appointed by Gates .
: Head of technology solutions group , .
Appointed by Gates .
Joan Dempsey : Senior vice president , Booz Allen Hamilton .
Appointed by Gates .
: Senior vice president , .
Appointed by Gates .
David Jeremiah : Member , board of directors , ManTech International ; chairman , Wackenhut Services ; chairman , Technology Strategies & Alliances , a consulting firm with defense contractors as clients .
Appointed by Gates .
: Member , board of directors , ManTech International ; chairman , Services ; chairman , Technology Strategies & Alliances , a consulting firm with defense contractors as clients .
Appointed by Gates .
George Joulwan : Member , board of directors , General Dynamics .
Appointed by Gates .
: Member , board of directors , .
Appointed by Gates .
Alice Maroni : Member , board of trustees , LMI Government Consulting , which provides consulting services for the military .
Appointed by Gates .
: Member , board of trustees , LMI Government Consulting , which provides consulting services for the military .
Appointed by Gates .
Jack Keane : Member , board of directors , General Dynamics ; adviser to chairman , URS Corp. ; chairman , Keane Advisors , a consulting firm with defense contractors as clients .
Appointed by Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz .
: Member , board of directors , General Dynamics ; adviser to chairman , URS Corp. ; chairman , Keane Advisors , a consulting firm with defense contractors as clients .
Appointed by Sen. , R - Ariz .
John Lehman : Chairman , J.F. Lehman & Company , a private equity firm that owns defense contractors ; member , board of directors , Ball Corp. , and EnerSys . Appointed by McCain .
: Chairman , J.F. Lehman & Company , a private equity firm that owns defense contractors ; member , board of directors , Ball Corp. , and EnerSys . Appointed by McCain .
Robert Scales : Chairman , Colgen LP , a consulting firm with defense contractors as clients .
Appointed by Rep. Ike Skelton , D - Mo.
Other members of the review panel : Rudy deLeon : Former Defense official , now senior vice president at Center for American Progress .
Appointed by Gates .
: Former Defense official , now senior vice president at .
Appointed by Gates .
Sherri Goodman : Former Defense official , now senior vice president at the Center for Naval Analyses .
Appointed by Gates .
: Former Defense official , now senior vice president at the Center for Naval Analyses .
Appointed by Gates .
Paul Van Riper : Retired Marine lieutenant general .
Appointed by Gates .
: Retired Marine lieutenant general .
Appointed by Gates .
Larry Welch : Retired Air Force general and former head of the Institute for Defense Analyses .
Appointed by Gates .
: Retired Air Force general and former head of the Institute for Defense Analyses .
Appointed by Gates .
Charles Curtis : President emeritus of the Nuclear Threat Initiative .
Appointed by Sen. Carl Levin , D - Mich .
: President emeritus of the .
Appointed by Sen. , D - Mich .
Eric Edelman : Former ambassador and Defense official , fellow at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
Appointed by Rep. Buck McKeon , R - Calif .
: Former ambassador and Defense official , fellow at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
Appointed by Rep. , R- Calif .
Richard Kohn : University of North Carolina professor of history and peace , war and defense .
Appointed by Skelton .
: University of North Carolina professor of history and peace , war and defense .
Appointed by Skelton .
John Nagl : Retired Army lieutenant colonel and president of the Center for a New American Security .
Appointed by Levin .
: Retired Army lieutenant colonel and president of the Center for a New American Security .
Appointed by Levin. James Talent : Republican former senator from Missouri and fellow at the Heritage Foundation .
Appointed by McKeon .
Sources : Defense Department , SEC filings and USA TODAY research WASHINGTON 
More than half of the panel members appointed to review the Pentagon 's latest four - year strategy blueprint have financial ties to defense contractors with a stake in the planning process , a USA TODAY analysis shows .
Congress created the 20 - member panel in 2006 to analyze the Defense Department 's four - year plan , known as the Quadrennial Defense Review .
Lawmakers called for the committee to provide an independent " alternate view " of the Pentagon 's plan , which shapes future military policy and spending on weapons and other needs .
A dozen of the unpaid panelists were appointed by Defense Secretary Robert Gates and eight by the top Republican and Democrat members of the House and Senate Armed Services committees .
Eleven work for defense contractors as employees , consultants or board directors , records show .
" The Pentagon often talks about its cooperation with industry , but this makes you wonder who 's wearing the pants in this relationship , " said Mandy Smithberger , national security investigator for the Project on Government Oversight .
CONSULTANTS : Shift seen in role of military ' mentors '
Gates " takes very seriously " the ethical issues confronting panelists with ties to defense firms , said Paul Hughes of the U.S. Institute of Peace , the QDR committee 's executive director .
Last fall , the secretary ordered that his appointees be covered by federal ethics rules and had to disclose their assets and sources of income , Hughes said .
Initially , according to panelist John Lehman , congressional appointees were not to be subject to the executive branch ethics and disclosure rules .
This week , after inquiries by USA TODAY , officials from the Pentagon and Congress decided that all panel members will be governed by the same rules , Hughes said .
The panelists have agreed to recuse themselves from considering any recommendation that could affect a company with which they are affiliated .
Committee members will have to file financial disclosure statements to the Pentagon , but those disclosures wo n't be publicly available , said Cynthia Smith , a Defense Department spokeswoman .
One case that will require a recusal involves panelist Lehman , a former Navy secretary in the Reagan administration who was appointed to the committee by Sen.
John McCain of Arizona , the ranking Republican on the armed services panel .
Lehman runs an investment company specializing in defense holdings .
His firm owns Atlantic Marine Holding Co. , which repairs Navy ships in Mayport , Fla .
The latest version of the review , released last week , recommends moving a nuclear aircraft carrier to Mayport from Norfolk , Va. , which could mean more business for Atlantic Marine .
Lehman said he would recuse himself from reviewing the Mayport carrier issue and anything else that touched on his business interests .
At the same time , he said , he and others with defense ties are capable of offering unbiased advice .
Most defense experts have some financial affiliation with the defense industry , Lehman said , pointing out that the Defense Department does business with more than 33,000 companies and also funds university research .
" Could you find anybody who knows anything about defense who does n't have some potential conflict of interest ? " he asked .
Some experts say the answer is yes .
" There are retired military officers or Defense officials who do n't have defense industry ties .
If you wanted to find these people , you could , " said Jordan Tama , an American University professor and expert on government commissions .
The panel 's co-chairmen — former Defense secretary William Perry and former National Security adviser Stephen Hadley — each work for the defense industry .
Perry is chairman of the board of LGS Innovations , a division of Alcatel Lucent , which won nearly $ 70 million in defense contracts last year , and Hadley is on the board of Raytheon , which won more than $ 15.8 billion , according to government contracting data .
Neither responded to requests for comment .
Four other members — former diplomat Richard Armitage , retired admiral David Jeremiah , retired general Jack Keane and retired major general Robert Scales — run consulting companies that list some of the nation 's largest defense firms as their clients .
Jeremiah and retired general George Joulwan are also members of the board of directors of General Dynamics , a defense contractor that makes tanks , ships and other weapons while also providing intelligence services .
" It 's pretty straightforward , " Jeremiah said .
" You disclose any affiliation that you have , they are reviewed by legal counsel , and if there 's one where there is a problem , it is resolved in one of several ways .
You can be recused from the discussion of that particular item . "
That 's not sufficient , said Janine Wedel , a George Mason University professor and author of a book on government contracting .
" It 's the ultimate irony when an entity ostensibly set up to provide impartial oversight is in fact rigged to be much less impartial than what it is supposed to be overseeing , " she said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
" If You See Something , Say Something "
That slogan is owned by New York ’s Metropolitan Transit Authority ( the MTA ) .
Since obtaining the trademark in 2007 , the authority has granted permission to use the phrase in public awareness campaigns to 54 organizations in the United States and overseas , like Amtrak , the Chicago Transit Authority , the emergency management office at Stony Brook University and three states in Australia .
Of course , you ’re only supposed to say something if you see something you think is terrorism :
Some requests have been rejected , including one from a university that wanted to use it to address a series of dormitory burglaries .
“ The intent of the slogan is to focus on terrorism activity , not crime , and we felt that use in other spheres would water down its effectiveness , ” said Christopher Boylan , an M.T.A. spokesman .
Not that it ’s very effective .
The campaign urges people to call a counter - terrorism hot line , 1- 888 - NYC -SAFE .
Police officials said 16,191 calls were received last year , down from 27,127 in 2008 .
That ’s a lot of wasted manpower , dealing with all those calls .
Of course , the vendors in Times Square who saw the smoking Nissan Pathfinder two weeks ago did n’t call that number .
And , as I ’ve written previously , “ if you ask amateurs to act as front - line security personnel , you should n’t be surprised when you get amateur security . ”
People do n’t need to be reminded to call the police ; the slogan is nothing more than an invitation to report people who are different .
EDITED TO ADD ( 5/14 ) : Nice article illustrating how ineffective the campaign is .
Posted on May 12 , 2010 at 7:08 AM • 64 Comments
Fred Magdoff ( fmagdoff@uvm.edu ) is professor emeritus of plant and soil science at the University of Vermont and adjunct professor of crop and soil science at Cornell University .
He is the author of Building Soils for Better Crops ( with Harold van Es , third edition , 2009 ) , and The ABCs of the Economic Crisis ( with Michael Yates , Monthly Review Press , 2009 ) .
John Bellamy Foster ( jfoster@monthlyreview.org ) is editor of Monthly Review and professor of sociology at the University of Oregon .
His most recent book is The Ecological Revolution ( Monthly Review Press , 2009 ) .
For those concerned with the fate of the earth , the time has come to face facts : not simply the dire reality of climate change but also the pressing need for social - system change .
The failure to arrive at a world climate agreement in Copenhagen in December 2009 was not simply an abdication of world leadership , as is often suggested , but had deeper roots in the inability of the capitalist system to address the accelerating threat to life on the planet .
Knowledge of the nature and limits of capitalism , and the means of transcending it , has therefore become a matter of survival .
In the words of Fidel Castro in December 2009 : “ Until very recently , the discussion [ on the future of world society ] revolved around the kind of society we would have .
Today , the discussion centers on whether human society will survive . ”
I. The Planetary Ecological Crisis
There is abundant evidence that humans have caused environmental damage for millennia .
Problems with deforestation , soil erosion , and salinization of irrigated soils go back to antiquity .
Plato wrote in Critias :
What proof then can we offer that it [ the land in the vicinity of Athens ] is …now a mere remnant of what it once was ?
… You are left ( as with little islands ) with something rather like the skeleton of a body wasted by disease ; the rich , soft soil has all run away leaving the land nothing but skin and bone .
But in those days the damage had not taken place , the hills had high crests , the rocky plane of Phelleus was covered with rich soil , and the mountains were covered by thick woods , of which there are some traces today .
For some mountains which today will only support bees produced not so long ago trees which when cut provided roof beams for huge buildings whose roofs are still standing .
And there were a lot of tall cultivated trees which bore unlimited quantities of fodder for beasts .
The soil benefitted from an annual rainfall which did not run to waste off the bare earth as it does today , but was absorbed in large quantities and stored in retentive layers of clay , so that what was drunk down by the higher regions flowed downwards into the valleys and appeared everywhere in a multitude of rivers and springs .
And the shrines which still survive at these former springs are proof of the truth of our present account of the country .
What is different in our current era is that there are many more of us inhabiting more of the earth , we have technologies that can do much greater damage and do it more quickly , and we have an economic system that knows no bounds .
The damage being done is so widespread that it not only degrades local and regional ecologies , but also affects the planetary environment .
There are many sound reasons that we , along with many other people , are concerned about the current rapid degradation of the earth ’s environment .
Global warming , brought about by human - induced increases in greenhouse gases ( CO2 , methane , N2O , etc. ) , is in the process of destabilizing the world ’s climate — with horrendous effects for most species on the planet and humanity itself now increasingly probable .
Each decade is warmer than the one before , with 2009 tying as the second warmest year ( 2005 was the warmest ) in the 130 years of global instrumental temperature records .
Climate change does not occur in a gradual , linear way , but is non-linear , with all sorts of amplifying feedbacks and tipping points .
There are already clear indications of accelerating problems that lie ahead .
These include :
Melting of the Arctic Ocean ice during the summer , which reduces the reflection of sunlight as white ice is replaced by dark ocean , thereby enhancing global warming .
Satellites show that end - of - summer Arctic sea ice was 40 percent less in 2007 than in the late 1970s when accurate measurements began .
Eventual disintegration of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets , set in motion by global warming , resulting in a rise in ocean levels .
Even a sea level rise of 1 - 2 meters would be disastrous for hundreds of millions of people in low - lying countries such as Bangladesh and Vietnam and various island states .
A sea level rise at a rate of a few meters per century is not unusual in the paleoclimatic record , and therefore has to be considered possible , given existing global warming trends .
At present , more than 400 million people live within five meters above sea level , and more than one billion within twenty - five meters .
The rapid decrease of the world ’s mountain glaciers , many of which — if business - as - usual greenhouse gas emissions continue — could be largely gone ( or gone altogether ) during this century .
Studies have shown that 90 percent of mountain glaciers worldwide are already visibly retreating as the planet warms .
The Himalayan glaciers provide dry season water to countries with billions of people in Asia .
Their shrinking will lead to floods and acute water scarcity .
Already the melting of the Andean glaciers is contributing to floods in that region .
But the most immediate , current , and long - term problem , associated with disappearing glaciers — visible today in Bolivia and Peru — is that of water shortages .
Devastating droughts , expanding possibly to 70 percent of the land area within several decades under business as usual ; already becoming evident in northern India , northeast Africa , and Australia .
Higher levels of CO2 in the atmosphere may increase the production of some types of crops , but they may then be harmed in future years by a destabilized climate that brings either dry or very wet conditions .
Losses in rice yields have already been measured in parts of Southeast Asia , attributed to higher night temperatures that cause the plant to undergo enhanced nighttime respiration .
This means losing more of what it produced by photosynthesis during the day .
Extinction of species due to changes in climate zones that are too rapid for species to move or adapt to , leading to the collapse of whole ecosystems dependent on these species , and the death of still more species .
( See below for more details on species extinctions . )
Related to global warming , ocean acidification from increased carbon absorption is threatening the collapse of marine ecosystems .
Recent indications suggest that ocean acidification may , in turn , reduce the carbon - absorption efficiency of the ocean .
This means a potentially faster build - up of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , accelerating global warming .
While global climate change and its consequences , along with its “ evil twin ” of ocean acidification ( also brought on by carbon emissions ) , present by far the greatest threats to the earth ’s species , including humans , there are also other severe environmental issues .
These include contamination of the air and surface waters with industrial pollutants .
Some of these pollutants ( the metal mercury , for example ) go up smoke stacks to later fall and contaminate soil and water , while others are leached into surface waters from waste storage facilities .
Many ocean and fresh water fish are contaminated with mercury as well as numerous industrial organic chemicals .
The oceans contain large “ islands ” of trash —
“ Light bulbs , bottle caps , toothbrushes , Popsicle sticks and tiny pieces of plastic , each the size of a grain of rice , inhabit the Pacific garbage patch , an area of widely dispersed trash that doubles in size every decade and is now believed to be roughly twice the size of Texas . ”
In the United States , drinking water used by millions of people is polluted with pesticides such as atrazine as well as nitrates and other contaminants of industrial agriculture .
Tropical forests , the areas of the greatest terrestrial biodiversity , are being destroyed at a rapid pace .
Land is being converted into oil palm plantations in Southeast Asia — with the oil to be exported as a feedstock for making biodiesel fuel .
In South America , rainforests are commonly first converted to extensive pastures and later into use for export crops such as soybeans .
This deforestation is causing an estimated 25 percent of all human - induced release of CO2 .
Soil degradation by erosion , overgrazing , and lack of organic material return threatens the productivity of large areas of the world ’s agricultural lands .
We are all contaminated by a variety of chemicals .
A recent survey of twenty physicians and nurses tested for sixty - two chemicals in blood and urine — mostly organic chemicals such as flame retardants and plasticizers — found that
each participant had at least 24 individual chemicals in their body , and two participants had a high of 39 chemicals detected .
… All participants had bisphenol A [used to make rigid polycarbonate plastics used in water cooler bottles , baby bottles , linings of most metal food containers — and present in the foods inside these containers , kitchen appliances etc. ] , and some form of phthalates [ found in many consumer products such as hair sprays , cosmetics , plastic products , and wood finishers ] , PBDEs [ Polybrominated diphenyl ethers used as flame retardants in computers , furniture , mattresses , and medical equipment ] and PFCs [ Perfluorinated compounds used in non-stick pans , protective coatings for carpets , paper coatings , etc. ] .
Although physicians and nurses are routinely exposed to larger quantities of chemicals than the general public , we are all exposed to these and other chemicals that do n’t belong in our bodies , and that most likely have negative effects on human health .
Of the 84,000 chemicals in commercial use in the United States , we do n’t even have an idea about the composition and potential harmfulness of 20 percent ( close to 20,000 ) — their composition falls under the category of “ trade secrets ” and is legally withheld .
Species are disappearing at an accelerated rate as their habitats are destroyed , due not only to global warming but also to direct human impact on species habitats .
A recent survey estimated that over 17,000 animals and plants are at risk of extinction .
“ More than one in five of all known mammals , over a quarter of reptiles and 70 percent of plants are under threat , according to the survey , which featured over 2,800 new species compared with 2008 .
‘ These results are just the tip of the iceberg , ’ said Craig Hilton - Taylor , who manages the list .
He said many more species that have yet to be assessed could also be under serious threat . ”
As species disappear , ecosystems that depend on the multitude of species to function begin to degrade .
One of the many consequences of degraded ecosystems with fewer species appears to be greater transmission of infectious diseases .
It is beyond debate that the ecology of the earth — and the very life support systems on which humans as well as other species depend — is under sustained and severe attack by human activities .
It is also clear that the effects of continuing down the same path will be devastating .
As James Hansen , director of NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies , and the world ’s most famous climatologist , has stated : “ Planet Earth , creation , the world in which civilization developed , the world with climate patterns that we know and stable shorelines , is in imminent peril … .
The startling conclusion is that continued exploitation of all fossil fuels on Earth threatens not only the other millions of species on the planet but also the survival of humanity itself — and the timetable is shorter than we thought . ”
Moreover , the problem does not begin and end with fossil fuels but extends to the entire human - economic interaction with the environment .
One of the latest , most important , developments in ecological science is the concept of “ planetary boundaries , ” in which nine critical boundaries / thresholds of the earth system have been designated in relation to : ( 1 ) climate change ; ( 2 ) ocean acidification ; ( 3 ) stratospheric ozone depletion ; ( 4 ) the biogeochemical flow boundary ( the nitrogen cycle and the phosphorus cycles ) ; ( 5 ) global freshwater use ; ( 6 ) change in land use ; ( 7 ) biodiversity loss ; ( 8 ) atmospheric aerosol loading ; and ( 9 ) chemical pollution .
Each of these is considered essential to maintaining the relatively benign climate and environmental conditions that have existed during the last twelve thousand years ( the Holocene epoch ) .
The sustainable boundaries in three of these systems — climate change , biodiversity , and human interference with the nitrogen cycle — may have already been crossed .
II . Common Ground : Transcending Business as Usual
We strongly agree with many environmentalists who have concluded that continuing “ business as usual ” is the path to global disaster .
Many people have determined that , in order to limit the ecological footprint of human beings on the earth , we need to have an economy — particularly in the rich countries — that does n’t grow , so as to be able to stop and possibly reverse the increase in pollutants released , as well as to conserve non-renewable resources and more rationally use renewable resources .
Some environmentalists are concerned that , if world output keeps expanding and everyone in developing countries seeks to attain the standard of living of the wealthy capitalist states , not only will pollution continue to increase beyond what the earth system can absorb , but we will also run out of the limited non-renewable resources on the globe .
The Limits to Growth by Donella Meadows , Jorgen Randers , Dennis Meadows , and William Behrens , published in 1972 and updated in 2004 as Limits to Growth : The 30 - Year Update , is an example of concern with this issue .
It is clear that there are biospheric limits , and that the planet cannot support the close to 7 billion people already alive ( nor , of course , the 9 billion projected for mid-century ) at what is known as a Western , “ middle class ” standard of living .
The Worldwatch Institute has recently estimated that a world which used biocapacity per capita at the level of the contemporary United States could only support 1.4 billion people .
The primary problem is an ancient one and lies not with those who do not have enough for a decent standard of living , but rather with those for whom enough does not exist .
As Epicurus said : “ Nothing is enough to someone for whom enough is little . ”
A global social system organized on the basis of “ enough is little ” is bound eventually to destroy all around it and itself as well .
Many people are aware of the need for social justice when solving this problem , especially because so many of the poor are living under dangerously precarious conditions , have been especially hard hit by environmental disaster and degradation , and promise to be the main victims if current trends are allowed to continue .
It is clear that approximately half of humanity — over three billion people , living in deep poverty and subsisting on less than $ 2.50 a day — need to have access to the requirements for a basic human existence such as decent housing , a secure food supply , clean water , and medical care .
We wholeheartedly agree with all of these concerns .
Some environmentalists feel that it is possible to solve most of our problems by tinkering with our economic system , introducing greater energy efficiency and substituting “ green ” energy sources for fossil fuels — or coming up with technologies to ameliorate the problems ( such as using carbon capture from power plants and injecting it deep into the earth ) .
There is a movement toward “ green ” practices to use as marketing tools or to keep up with other companies claiming to use such practices .
Nevertheless , within the environmental movement , there are some for whom it is clear that mere technical adjustments in the current productive system will not be enough to solve the dramatic and potentially catastrophic problems we face .
Curtis
White begins his 2009 article in Orion , entitled “ The Barbaric Heart : Capitalism and the Crisis of Nature , ” with : “ There is a fundamental question that environmentalists are not very good at asking , let alone answering : ‘ Why is this , the destruction of the natural world , happening ? ’”
It is impossible to find real and lasting solutions until we are able satisfactorily to answer this seemingly simple question .
It is our contention that most of the critical environmental problems we have are either caused , or made much worse , by the workings of our economic system .
Even such issues as population growth and technology are best viewed in terms of their relation to the socioeconomic organization of society .
Environmental problems are not a result of human ignorance or innate greed .
They do not arise because managers of individual large corporations or developers are morally deficient .
Instead , we must look to the fundamental workings of the economic ( and political / social ) system for explanations .
It is precisely the fact that ecological destruction is built into the inner nature and logic of our present system of production that makes it so difficult to solve .
In addition , we shall argue that “ solutions ” proposed for environmental devastation , which would allow the current system of production and distribution to proceed unabated , are not real solutions .
In fact , such “ solutions ” will make things worse because they give the false impression that the problems are on their way to being overcome when the reality is quite different .
The overwhelming environmental problems facing the world and its people will not be effectively dealt with until we institute another way for humans to interact with nature — altering the way we make decisions on what and how much to produce .
Our most necessary , most rational goals require that we take into account fulfilling basic human needs , and creating just and sustainable conditions on behalf of present and future generations ( which also means being concerned about the preservation of other species ) .
III .
Characteristics of Capitalism in Conflict with the Environment
The economic system that dominates nearly all corners of the world is capitalism , which , for most humans , is as “ invisible ” as the air we breathe .
We are , in fact , largely oblivious to this worldwide system , much as fish are oblivious to the water in which they swim .
It is capitalism ’s ethic , outlook , and frame of mind that we assimilate and acculturate to as we grow up .
Unconsciously , we learn that greed , exploitation of laborers , and competition ( among people , businesses , countries ) are not only acceptable but are actually good for society because they help to make our economy function “ efficiently . ”
Let ’s consider some of the key aspects of capitalism ’s conflict with environmental sustainability .
A. Capitalism Is a System that Must Continually Expand
No - growth capitalism is an oxymoron : when growth ceases , the system is in a state of crisis with considerable suffering among the unemployed .
Capitalism ’s basic driving force and its whole reason for existence is the amassing of profits and wealth through the accumulation ( savings and investment ) process .
It recognizes no limits to its own self - expansion — not in the economy as a whole ; not in the profits desired by the wealthy ; and not in the increasing consumption that people are cajoled into desiring in order to generate greater profits for corporations .
The environment exists , not as a place with inherent boundaries within which human beings must live together with earth ’s other species , but as a realm to be exploited in a process of growing economic expansion .
Indeed , businesses , according to the inner logic of capital , which is enforced by competition , must either grow or die — as must the system itself .
There is little that can be done to increase profits from production when there is slow or no growth .
Under such circumstances , there is little reason to invest in new capacity , thus closing off the profits to be derived from new investment .
There is also just so much increased profit that can be easily squeezed out of workers in a stagnant economy .
Such measures as decreasing the number of workers and asking those remaining to “ do more with less , ” shifting the costs of pensions and health insurance to workers , and introducing automation that reduces the number of needed workers can only go so far without further destabilizing the system .
If a corporation is large enough it can , like Wal - Mart , force suppliers , afraid of losing the business , to decrease their prices .
But these means are not enough to satisfy what is , in fact , an insatiable quest for more profits , so corporations are continually engaged in struggle with their competitors ( including frequently buying them out ) to increase market share and gross sales .
It is true that the system can continue to move forward , to some extent , as a result of financial speculation leveraged by growing debt , even in the face of a tendency to slow growth in the underlying economy .
But this means , as we have seen again and again , the growth of financial bubbles that inevitably burst .
There is no alternative under capitalism to the endless expansion of the “ real economy ” ( i.e. , production ) , irrespective of actual human needs , consumption , or the environment .
One might still imagine that it would be theoretically possible for a capitalist economy to have zero growth , and still meet all of humanity ’s basic needs .
Let ’s suppose that all the profits that corporations earn ( after allowing for replacing worn out equipment or buildings ) are either spent by capitalists on their own consumption or given to workers as wages and benefits , and consumed .
As capitalists and workers spend this money , they would purchase the goods and services produced , and the economy could stay at a steady state , no - growth level ( what Marx called “ simple reproduction ” and has sometimes been called the “ stationary state ” ) .
Since there would be no investment in new productive capacity , there would be no economic growth and accumulation , no profits generated .
There is , however , one slight problem with this “ capitalist no - growth utopia ” : it violates the basic motive force of capitalism .
What capital strives for and is the purpose of its existence is its own expansion .
Why would capitalists , who in every fiber of their beings believe that they have a personal right to business profits , and who are driven to accumulate wealth , simply spend the economic surplus at their disposal on their own consumption or ( less likely still ) give it to workers to spend on theirs — rather than seek to expand wealth ?
If profits are not generated , how could economic crises be avoided under capitalism ?
To the contrary , it is clear that owners of capital will , as long as such ownership relations remain , do whatever they can within their power to maximize the amount of profits they accrue .
A stationary state , or steady - state , economy as a stable solution is only conceivable if separated from the social relations of capital itself .
Capitalism is a system that constantly generates a reserve army of the unemployed ; meaningful , full employment is a rarity that occurs only at very high rates of growth ( which are correspondingly dangerous to ecological sustainability ) .
Taking the U.S. economy as the example , let ’s take a look at what happens to the number of “ officially ” unemployed when the economy grows at different rates during a period of close to sixty years ( Table 1 ) .
For background , we should note that the U.S. population is growing by a little less than 1 percent a year , as is the net number of new entrants into the normal working age portion of the population .
In current U.S. unemployment measurements , those considered to be officially unemployed must have looked for work within the last four weeks and cannot be employed in part - time jobs .
Individuals without jobs , who have not looked for work during the previous four weeks ( but who have looked within the last year ) , either because they believe there are no jobs available , or because they think there are none for which they are qualified , are classified as “ discouraged ” and are not counted as officially unemployed .
Other “ marginally attached workers , ” who have not recently looked for work ( but have in the last year ) , not because they were “ discouraged , ” but for other reasons , such as lack of affordable day care , are also excluded from the official unemployment count .
In addition , those working part - time but wanting to work full - time are not considered to be officially unemployed .
The unemployment rate for the more expanded definition of unemployment ( U - 6 ) provided by the Bureau of Labor Statistics , which also includes the above categories ( i.e. , discouraged workers , other marginally attached workers , and part - time workers desiring full - time employment ) is generally almost twice the official U.S. employment rate ( U - 3 ) .
In the following analysis , we focus only on the official unemployment data .
What , then , do we see in the relationship between economic growth and unemployment over the last six decades ?
During the eleven years of very slow growth , less than 1.1 percent per year , unemployment increased in each of the years .
In 70 percent ( nine of thirteen ) of the years when GDP grew between 1.2 and 3 percent per year , unemployment also grew .
During the twenty - three years when the U.S. economy grew fairly rapidly ( from 3.1 to 5.0 percent a year ) , unemployment still increased in three years and reduction in the percent unemployed was anemic in most of the others .
Only in the thirteen years when the GDP grew at greater than 5.0 percent annually did unemployment not increase in any of these years .
Although this table is based on calendar years and does not follow business cycles , which , of course , do not correspond neatly to the calendar , it is clear that , if the GDP growth rate is n’t substantially greater than the increase in population , people lose jobs .
While slow or no growth is a problem for business owners trying to increase their profits , it is a disaster for working people .
What this tells us is that the capitalist system is a very crude instrument in terms of providing jobs in relation to growth — if growth is to be justified by employment .
It will take a rate of growth of around 4 percent or higher , far above the average growth rate , before the unemployment problem is surmounted in U.S. capitalism today .
Worth noting is the fact that , since the 1940s , such high rates of growth in the U.S. economy have hardly ever been reached except in times of wars .
B. Expansion Leads to Investing Abroad in Search of Secure Sources of Raw Materials , Cheaper Labor , and New Markets
As companies expand , they saturate , or come close to saturating , the “ home ” market and look for new markets abroad to sell their goods .
In addition , they and their governments ( working on behalf of corporate interests ) help to secure entry and control over key natural resources such as oil and a variety of minerals .
We are in the midst of a “ land - grab , ” as private capital and government sovereign wealth funds strive to gain control of vast acreage throughout the world to produce food and biofuel feedstock crops for their “ home ” markets .
It is estimated that some thirty million hectares of land ( roughly equal to two - thirds of the arable land in Europe ) , much of them in Africa , have been recently acquired or are in the process of being acquired by rich countries and international corporations .
This global land seizure ( even if by “ legal ” means ) can be regarded as part of the larger history of imperialism .
The story of centuries of European plunder and expansion is well documented .
The current U.S. - led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan follow the same general historical pattern , and are clearly related to U.S. attempts to control the main world sources of oil and gas .
Today multinational ( or transnational ) corporations scour the world for resources and opportunities wherever they can find them , exploiting cheap labor in poor countries and reinforcing , rather than reducing , imperialist divisions .
The result is a more rapacious global exploitation of nature and increased differentials of wealth and power .
Such corporations have no loyalty to anything but their own bottom lines .
C. A System that , by Its Very Nature , Must Grow and Expand Will Eventually Come Up Against the Reality of Finite Natural Resources
The irreversible exhaustion of finite natural resources will leave future generations without the possibility of having use of these resources .
Natural resources are used in the process of production — oil , gas , and coal ( fuel ) , water ( in industry and agriculture ) , trees ( for lumber and paper ) , a variety of mineral deposits ( such as iron ore , copper , and bauxite ) , and so on .
Some resources , such as forests and fisheries , are of a finite size , but can be renewed by natural processes if used in a planned system that is flexible enough to change as conditions warrant .
Future use of other resources — oil and gas , minerals , aquifers in some desert or dryland areas ( prehistorically deposited water ) — are limited forever to the supply that currently exists .
The water , air , and soil of the biosphere can continue to function well for the living creatures on the planet only if pollution does n’t exceed their limited capacity to assimilate and render the pollutants harmless .
Business owners and managers generally consider the short term in their operations — most take into account the coming three to five years , or , in some rare instances , up to ten years .
This is the way they must function because of unpredictable business conditions ( phases of the business cycle , competition from other corporations , prices of needed inputs , etc. ) and demands from speculators looking for short - term returns .
They therefore act in ways that are largely oblivious of the natural limits to their activities — as if there is an unlimited supply of natural resources for exploitation .
Even if the reality of limitation enters their consciousness , it merely speeds up the exploitation of a given resource , which is extracted as rapidly as possible , with capital then moving on to new areas of resource exploitation .
When each individual capitalist pursues the goal of making a profit and accumulating capital , decisions are made that collectively harm society as a whole .
The length of time before nonrenewable deposits are exhausted depends on the size of the deposit and the rate of extraction of the resource .
While depletion of some resources may be hundreds of years away ( assuming that the rate of growth of extraction remains the same ) , limits for some important ones — oil and some minerals — are not that far off .
For example , while predictions regarding peak oil vary among energy analysts — going by the conservative estimates of oil companies themselves , at the rate at which oil is currently being used , known reserves will be exhausted within the next fifty years .
The prospect of peak oil is projected in numerous corporate , government , and scientific reports .
The question today is not whether peak oil is likely to arrive soon , but simply how soon .
Even if usage does n’t grow , the known deposits of the critical fertilizer ingredient phosphorus that can be exploited on the basis of current technology will be exhausted in this century .
Faced with limited natural resources , there is no rational way to prioritize under a modern capitalist system , in which the well - to - do with their economic leverage decide via the market how commodities are allocated .
When extraction begins to decline , as is projected for oil within the near future , price increases will put even more pressure on what had been , until recently , the boast of world capitalism : the supposedly prosperous “ middle - class ” workers of the countries of the center .
The well - documented decline of many ocean fish species , almost to the point of extinction , is an example of how renewable resources can be exhausted .
It is in the short - term individual interests of the owners of fishing boats — some of which operate at factory scale , catching , processing , and freezing fish — to maximize the take .
Hence , the fish are depleted .
No one protects the common interest .
In a system run generally on private self - interest and accumulation , the state is normally incapable of doing so .
This is sometimes called the tragedy of the commons .
But it should be called the tragedy of the private exploitation of the commons .
The situation would be very different if communities that have a stake in the continued availability of a resource managed the resource in place of the large - scale corporation .
Corporations are subject to the single - minded goal of maximizing short - term profits — after which they move on , leaving devastation behind , in effect mining the earth .
Although there is no natural limit to human greed , there are limits , as we are daily learning , to many resources , including “ renewable ” ones , such as the productivity of the seas .
( The depletion of fish off the coast of Somalia because of overfishing by factory - scale fishing fleets is believed to be one of the causes for the rise of piracy that now plagues international shipping in the area .
Interestingly , the neighboring Kenyan fishing industry is currently rebounding because the pirates also serve to keep large fishing fleets out of the area . )
The exploitation of renewable resources before they can be renewed is referred to as “ overshooting ” the resource .
This is occurring not only with the major fisheries , but also with groundwater ( for example , the Oglala aquifer in the United States , large areas of northwestern India , Northern China , and a number of locations in North Africa and the Middle East ) , with tropical forests , and even with soils .
Duke University ecologist John Terborgh described a recent trip he took to a small African nation where foreign economic exploitation is combined with a ruthless depletion of resources .
Everywhere I went , foreign commercial interests were exploiting resources after signing contracts with the autocratic government .
Prodigious logs , four and five feet in diameter , were coming out of the virgin forest , oil and natural gas were being exported from the coastal region , offshore fishing rights had been sold to foreign interests , and exploration for oil and minerals was underway in the interior .
The exploitation of resources in North America during the five - hundred - year post - discovery era followed a typical sequence — fish , furs , game , timber , farming virgin soils — but because of the hugely expanded scale of today ’s economy and the availability of myriad sophisticated technologies , exploitation of all the resources in poor developing countries now goes on at the same time .
In a few years , the resources of this African country and others like it will be sucked dry .
And what then ?
The people there are currently enjoying an illusion of prosperity , but it is only an illusion , for they are not preparing themselves for anything else .
And neither are we .
D. A System Geared to Exponential Growth in the Search for Profits Will Inevitably Transgress Planetary Boundaries
The earth system can be seen as consisting of a number of critical biogeochemical processes that , for hundreds of millions of years , have served to reproduce life .
In the last 12 thousand or so years the world climate has taken the relatively benign form associated with the geological epoch known as the Holocene , during which civilization arose .
Now , however , the socioeconomic system of capitalism has grown to such a scale that it overshoots fundamental planetary boundaries — the carbon cycle , the nitrogen cycle , the soil , the forests , the oceans .
More and more of the terrestrial ( land - based ) photosynthetic product , upwards of 40 percent , is now directly accounted for by human production .
All ecosystems on earth are in visible decline .
With the increasing scale of the world economy , the human - generated rifts in the earth ’s metabolism inevitably become more severe and more multifarious .
Yet , the demand for more and greater economic growth and accumulation , even in the wealthier countries , is built into the capitalist system .
As a result , the world economy is one massive bubble .
There is nothing in the nature of the current system , moreover , that will allow it to pull back before it is too late .
To do that , other forces from the bottom of society will be required .
E. Capitalism Is Not Just an Economic System — It Fashions a Political , Judicial , and Social System to Support the System of Wealth and Accumulation
Under capitalism people are at the service of the economy and are viewed as needing to consume more and more to keep the economy functioning .
The massive and , in the words of Joseph Schumpeter , “ elaborate psychotechnics of advertising ” are absolutely necessary to keep people buying .
Morally , the system is based on the proposition that each , following his / her own interests ( greed ) , will promote the general interest and growth .
Adam Smith famously put it : “ It is not from the benevolence of the butcher , the brewer , or the baker that we expect our dinner , but from their regard to their own interest . ”
In other words , individual greed ( or quest for profits ) drives the system and human needs are satisfied as a mere by - product .
Economist Duncan Foley has called this proposition and the economic and social irrationalities it generates “ Adam ’s Fallacy . ”
The attitudes and mores needed for the smooth functioning of such a system , as well as for people to thrive as members of society — greed , individualism , competitiveness , exploitation of others , and “ consumerism ” ( the drive to purchase more and more stuff , unrelated to needs and even to happiness ) — are inculcated into people by schools , the media , and the workplace .
The title of Benjamin Barber ’s book — Consumed : How Markets Corrupt Children , Infantilize Adults , and Swallow Citizens Whole — says a lot .
The notion of responsibility to others and to community , which is the foundation of ethics , erodes under such a system .
In the words of Gordon Gekko — the fictional corporate takeover artist in Oliver Stone ’s film Wall Street — “ Greed is Good . ”
Today , in the face of widespread public outrage , with financial capital walking off with big bonuses derived from government bailouts , capitalists have turned to preaching self - interest as the bedrock of society from the very pulpits .
On November 4 , 2009 , Barclay ’s Plc Chief Executive Officer John Varley declared from a wooden lectern in St. Martin - in - the - Fields at London ’s Trafalgar Square that “ Profit is not Satanic . ”
Weeks earlier , on October 20 , 2009 , Goldman Sachs International adviser Brian Griffiths declared before the congregation at St. Paul ’s Cathedral in London that “ The injunction of Jesus to love others as ourselves is a recognition of self - interest . ”
Wealthy people come to believe that they deserve their wealth because of hard work ( theirs or their forbearers ) and possibly luck .
The ways in which their wealth and prosperity arose out of the social labor of innumerable other people are downplayed .
They see the poor — and the poor frequently agree — as having something wrong with them , such as laziness or not getting a sufficient education .
The structural obstacles that prevent most people from significantly bettering their conditions are also downplayed .
This view of each individual as a separate economic entity concerned primarily with one ’s ( and one ’s family ’s ) own well - being , obscures our common humanity and needs .
People are not inherently selfish but are encouraged to become so in response to the pressures and characteristics of the system .
After all , if each person does n’t look out for “ Number One ” in a dog - eat - dog system , who will ?
Traits fostered by capitalism are commonly viewed as being innate “ human nature , ” thus making a society organized along other goals than the profit motive unthinkable .
But humans are clearly capable of a wide range of characteristics , extending from great cruelty to great sacrifice for a cause , to caring for non-related others , to true altruism .
The “ killer instinct ” that we supposedly inherited from evolutionary ancestors — the “ evidence ” being chimpanzees ’ killing the babies of other chimps — is being questioned by reference to the peaceful characteristics of other hominids such as gorillas and bonobos ( as closely related to humans as chimpanzees ) .
Studies of human babies have also shown that , while selfishness is a human trait , so are cooperation , empathy , altruism , and helpfulness .
Regardless of what traits we may have inherited from our hominid ancestors , research on pre-capitalist societies indicates that very different norms from those in capitalist societies are encouraged and expressed .
As Karl Polanyi summarized the studies : “ The outstanding discovery of recent historical and anthropological research is that man ’s economy , as a rule , is submerged in his social relationships .
He does not act so as to safeguard his individual interest in the possession of material goods ; he acts so as to safeguard his social standing , his social claims , his social assets . ”
In his 1937 article on “ Human Nature ” for the Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences , John Dewey concluded — in terms that have been verified by all subsequent social science — that :
The present controversies between those who assert the essential fixity of human nature and those who believe in a greater measure of modifiability center chiefly around the future of war and the future of a competitive economic system motivated by private profit .
It is justifiable to say without dogmatism that both anthropology and history give support to those who wish to change these institutions .
It is demonstrable that many of the obstacles to change which have been attributed to human nature are in fact due to the inertia of institutions and to the voluntary desire of powerful classes to maintain the existing status .
Capitalism is unique among social systems in its active , extreme cultivation of individual self - interest or “ possessive - individualism . ”
Yet the reality is that non-capitalist human societies have thrived over a long period — for more than 99 percent of the time since the emergence of anatomically modern humans — while encouraging other traits such as sharing and responsibility to the group .
There is no reason to doubt that this can happen again .
The incestuous connection that exists today between business interests , politics , and law is reasonably apparent to most observers .
These include outright bribery , to the more subtle sorts of buying access , friendship , and influence through campaign contributions and lobbying efforts .
In addition , a culture develops among political leaders based on the precept that what is good for capitalist business is good for the country .
Hence , political leaders increasingly see themselves as political entrepreneurs , or the counterparts of economic entrepreneurs , and regularly convince themselves that what they do for corporations to obtain the funds that will help them get reelected is actually in the public interest .
Within the legal system , the interests of capitalists and their businesses are given almost every benefit .
Given the power exercised by business interests over the economy , state , and media , it is extremely difficult to effect fundamental changes that they oppose .
It therefore makes it next to impossible to have a rational and ecologically sound energy policy , health care system , agricultural and food system , industrial policy , trade policy , education , etc .
IV .
Characteristics of Capitalism in Conflict with Social Justice
The characteristics of capitalism discussed above — the necessity to grow ; the pushing of people to purchase more and more ; expansion abroad ; use of resources without concern for future generations ; the crossing of planetary boundaries ; and the predominant role often exercised by the economic system over the moral , legal , political , cultural forms of society — are probably the characteristics of capitalism that are most harmful for the environment .
But there are other characteristics of the system that greatly impact the issue of social justice .
It is important to look more closely at these social contradictions imbedded in the system .
A. As the System Naturally Functions , a Great Disparity Arises in Both Wealth and Income
There is a logical connection between capitalism ’s successes and its failures .
The poverty and misery of a large mass of the world ’s people is not an accident , some inadvertent byproduct of the system , one that can be eliminated with a little tinkering here or there .
The fabulous accumulation of wealth — as a direct consequence of the way capitalism works nationally and internationally — has simultaneously produced persistent hunger , malnutrition , health problems , lack of water , lack of sanitation , and general misery for a large portion of the people of the world .
The wealthy few resort to the mythology that the grand disparities are actually necessary .
For example , as Brian Griffiths , the advisor to Goldman Sachs International , quoted above , put it : “ We have to tolerate the inequality as a way to achieving greater prosperity and opportunity for all . ”
What ’s good for the rich also — according to them — coincidentally happens to be what ’s good for society as a whole , even though many remain mired in a perpetual state of poverty .
Most people need to work in order to earn wages to purchase the necessities of life .
But , due to the way the system functions , there is a large number of people precariously connected to jobs , existing on the bottom rungs of the ladder .
They are hired during times of growth and fired as growth slows or as their labor is no longer needed for other reasons —
Marx referred to this group as the “ reserve army of labor . ”
Given a system with booms and busts , and one in which profits are the highest priority , it is not merely convenient to have a group of people in the reserve army ; it is absolutely essential to the smooth workings of the system .
It serves , above all , to hold down wages .
The system , without significant intervention by government ( through large inheritance taxes and substantial progressive income taxes ) , produces a huge inequality of both income and wealth that passes from generation to generation .
The production of great wealth and , at the same time great poverty , within and between countries is not coincidental — wealth and poverty are likely two sides of the same coin .
In 2007 , the top 1 percent of wealth holders in the United States controlled 33.8 percent of the wealth of the country , while the bottom 50 percent of the population owned a mere 2.5 percent .
Indeed , the richest 400 individuals had a combined net worth of $ 1.54 trillion in 2007 — approaching that of the bottom 150 million people ( with an aggregate net worth of $ 1.6 trillion ) .
On a global scale , the wealth of the world ’s 793 billionaires is , at present , more than $ 3 trillion — equivalent to about 5 percent of total world income ( $ 60.3 trillion in 2008 ) .
A mere 9 million people worldwide ( around one - tenth of 1 percent of world population ) designated as “ high net worth individuals ” currently hold a combined $ 35 trillion in wealth — equivalent to more than 50 percent of world income .
As wealth becomes more concentrated , the wealthy gain more political power , and they will do what they can to hold on to all the money they can — at the expense of those in lower economic strata .
Most of the productive forces of society , such as factories , machinery , raw materials , and land , are controlled by a relatively small percentage of the population .
And , of course , most people see nothing wrong with this seemingly natural order of things .
B. Goods and Services Are Rationed According to Ability to Pay
The poor do not have access to good homes or adequate food supplies because they do not have “ effective ” demand — although they certainly have biologically based demands .
All goods are commodities .
People without sufficient effective demand ( money ) have no right in the capitalist system to any particular type of commodity — whether it is a luxury such as a diamond bracelet or a huge McMansion , or whether it is a necessity of life such as a healthy physical environment , reliable food supplies , or quality medical care .
Access to all commodities is determined , not by desire or need , but by having sufficient money or credit to purchase them .
Thus , a system that , by its very workings produces inequality and holds back workers ’ wages , ensures that many ( in some societies , most ) will not have access to even the basic necessities or to what we might consider a decent human existence .
It should be noted that , during periods when workers ’ unions and political parties were strong , some of the advanced capitalist countries of Europe instituted a more generous safety net of programs , such as universal health care , than those in the United States .
This occurred as a result of a struggle by people who demanded that the government provide what the market cannot — equal access to some of life ’s basic needs .
C. Capitalism Is a System Marked by Recurrent Economic Downturns
In the ordinary business cycle , factories and whole industries produce more and more during a boom — assuming it will never end and not wanting to miss out on the “ good times ” — resulting in overproduction and overcapacity , leading to a recession .
In other words , the system is prone to crises , during which the poor and near poor suffer the most .
Recessions occur with some regularity , while depressions are much less frequent .
Right now , we are in a deep recession or mini-depression ( with 10 percent official unemployment ) , and many think we ’ve averted a full - scale depression by the skin of our teeth .
All told , since the mid-1850s there have been thirty - two recessions or depressions in the United States ( not including the current one ) — with the average contraction since 1945 lasting around ten months and the average expansion between contractions lasting about six years .
Ironically , from the ecological point of view , major recessions — although causing great harm to many people — are actually a benefit , as lower production leads to less pollution of the atmosphere , water , and land .
V. Proposals for the Ecological Reformation of Capitalism
There are some people who fully understand the ecological and social problems that capitalism brings , but think that capitalism can and should be reformed .
According to Benjamin Barber : “ The struggle for the soul of capitalism is …a struggle between the nation ’s economic body and its civic soul : a struggle to put capitalism in its proper place , where it serves our nature and needs rather than manipulating and fabricating whims and wants .
Saving capitalism means bringing it into harmony with spirit — with prudence , pluralism and those ‘ things of the public ’… that define our civic souls .
A revolution of the spirit . ” William Greider has written a book titled The Soul of Capitalism : Opening Paths to a Moral Economy .
And there are books that tout the potential of “ green capitalism ” and the “ natural capitalism ” of Paul Hawken , Amory Lovins , and L. Hunter Lovins .
Here , we are told that we can get rich , continue growing the economy , and increase consumption without end — and save the planet , all at the same time !
How good can it get ?
There is a slight problem — a system that has only one goal , the maximization of profits , has no soul , can never have a soul , can never be green , and , by its very nature , it must manipulate and fabricate whims and wants .
There are a number of important “ out of the box ” ecological and environmental thinkers and doers .
They are genuinely good and well - meaning people who are concerned with the health of the planet , and most are also concerned with issues of social justice .
However , there is one box from which they cannot escape — the capitalist economic system .
Even the increasing numbers of individuals who criticize the system and its “ market failures ” frequently end up with “ solutions ” aimed at a tightly controlled “ humane ” and non-corporate capitalism , instead of actually getting outside the box of capitalism .
They are unable even to think about , let alone promote , an economic system that has different goals and decision - making processes — one that places primary emphasis on human and environmental needs , as opposed to profits .
Corporations are outdoing each other to portray themselves as “ green . ”
You can buy and wear your Gucci clothes with a clean conscience because the company is helping to protect rainforests by using less paper .
Newsweek claims that corporate giants such as Dell , Hewlett - Packard , Johnson & Johnson , Intel , and IBM are the top five green companies of 2009 because of their use of “ renewable ” sources of energy , reporting greenhouse gas emissions ( or lowering them ) , and implementing formal environmental policies and good reputations .
You can travel wherever you want , guilt - free , by purchasing carbon “ offsets ” that supposedly cancel out the environmental effects of your trip .
Let ’s take a look at some of the proposed devices for dealing with the ecological havoc without disturbing capitalism .
A. Better Technologies that Are More Energy Efficient and Use Fewer Material Inputs
Some proposals to enhance energy efficiency — such as those to help people tighten up their old homes so that less fuel is required to heat in the winter — are just plain common sense .
The efficiency of machinery , including household appliances and automobiles , has been going up continually , and is a normal part of the system .
Although much more can be accomplished in this area , increased efficiency usually leads to lower costs and increased use ( and often increased size as well , as in automobiles ) , so that the energy used is actually increased .
The misguided push to “ green ” agrofuels has been enormously detrimental to the environment .
Not only has it put food and auto fuel in direct competition , at the expense of the former , but it has also sometimes actually decreased overall energy efficiency .
B. Nuclear Power
Some scientists concerned with climate change , including James Lovelock and James Hansen , see nuclear power as an energy alternative , and as a partial technological answer to the use of fossil fuels ; one that is much preferable to the growing use of coal .
However , although the technology of nuclear energy has improved somewhat , with third - generation nuclear plants , and with the possibility ( still not a reality ) of fourth - generation nuclear energy , the dangers of nuclear power are still enormous — given radioactive waste lasting hundreds and thousands of years , the social management of complex systems , and the sheer level of risk involved .
Moreover , nuclear plants take about ten years to build and are extremely costly and uneconomic .
There are all sorts of reasons , therefore ( not least of all , future generations ) , to be extremely wary of nuclear power as any kind of solution .
To go in that direction would almost certainly be a Faustian bargain .
C. Large - Scale Engineering Solutions
A number of vast engineering schemes have been proposed either to take CO2 out of the atmosphere or to increase the reflectance of sunlight back into space , away from earth .
These include : Carbon sequestration schemes such as capturing CO2 from power plants and injecting it deep into the earth , and fertilizing the oceans with iron so as to stimulate algal growth to absorb carbon ; and enhanced sunlight reflection schemes such as deploying huge white islands in the oceans , creating large satellites to reflect incoming sunlight , and contaminating the stratosphere with particles that reflect light .
No one knows , of course , what detrimental side effects might occur from such schemes .
For example , more carbon absorption by the oceans could increase acidification , while dumping sulphur dioxide into the stratosphere to block sunlight could reduce photosynthesis .
Also proposed are a number of low - tech ways to sequester carbon such as increasing reforestation and using ecological soil management to increase soil organic matter ( which is composed mainly of carbon ) .
Most of these should be done for their own sake ( organic material helps to improve soils in many ways ) .
Some could help to reduce the carbon concentration in the atmosphere .
Thus reforestation , by pulling carbon from the atmosphere , is sometimes thought of as constituting negative emissions .
But low - tech solutions cannot solve the problem given an expanding system — especially considering that trees planted now can be cut down later , and carbon stored as soil organic matter may later be converted to CO2 if practices are changed .
D. Cap and Trade ( Market Trading ) Schemes
The favorite economic device of the system is what are called “ cap and trade ” schemes for limiting carbon emissions .
This involves placing a cap on the allowable level of greenhouse gas emissions and then distributing ( either by fee or by auction ) permits that allow industries to emit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases .
Those corporations that have more permits than they need may sell them to other firms wanting additional permits to pollute .
Such schemes invariably include “ offsets ” that act like medieval indulgences , allowing corporations to continue to pollute while buying good grace by helping to curtail pollution somewhere else — say , in the third world .
In theory , cap and trade is supposed to stimulate technological innovation to increase carbon efficiency .
In practice , it has not led to carbon dioxide emission reductions in those areas where it has been introduced , such as in Europe .
The main result of carbon trading has been enormous profits for some corporations and individuals , and the creation of a subprime carbon market .
There are no meaningful checks of the effectiveness of the “ offsets , ” nor prohibitions for changing conditions sometime later that will result in carbon dioxide release to the atmosphere .
VI .
What Can Be Done Now ?
In the absence of systemic change , there certainly are things that have been done and more can be done in the future to lessen capitalism ’s negative effects on the environment and people .
There is no particular reason why the United States can’t have a better social welfare system , including universal health care , as is the case in many other advanced capitalist countries .
Governments can pass laws and implement regulations to curb the worst environmental problems .
The same goes for the environment or for building affordable houses .
A carbon tax of the kind proposed by James Hansen , in which 100 percent of the dividends go back to the public , thereby encouraging conservation while placing the burden on those with the largest carbon footprints and the most wealth , could be instituted .
New coal - fired plants ( without sequestration ) could be blocked and existing ones closed down .
At the world level , contraction and convergence in carbon emissions could be promoted , moving to uniform world per capita emissions , with cutbacks far deeper in the rich countries with large per capita carbon footprints .
The problem is that very powerful forces are strongly opposed to these measures .
Hence , such reforms remain at best limited , allowed a marginal existence only insofar as they do not interfere with the basic accumulation drive of the system .
Indeed , the problem with all these approaches is that they allow the economy to continue on the same disastrous course it is currently following .
We can go on consuming all we want ( or as much as our income and wealth allow ) , using up resources , driving greater distances in our more fuel - efficient cars , consuming all sorts of new products made by “ green ” corporations , and so on .
All we need to do is support the new “ green ” technologies ( some of which , such as using agricultural crops to make fuels , are actually not green ! ) and be “ good ” about separating out waste that can be composted or reused in some form , and we can go on living pretty much as before — in an economy of perpetual growth and profits .
The very seriousness of the climate change problem arising from human - generated carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions has led to notions that it is merely necessary to reduce carbon footprints ( a difficult problem in itself ) .
The reality , though , is that there are numerous , interrelated , and growing ecological problems arising from a system geared to the infinitely expanding accumulation of capital .
What needs to be reduced is not just carbon footprints , but ecological footprints , which means that economic expansion on the world level and especially in the rich countries needs to be reduced , even cease .
At the same time , many poor countries need to expand their economies .
The new principles that we could promote , therefore , are ones of sustainable human development .
This means enough for everyone and no more .
Human development would certainly not be hindered , and could even be considerably enhanced for the benefit of all , by an emphasis on sustainable human , rather than unsustainable economic , development .
VII .
Another Economic System Is Not Just Possible — It ’s Essential
The foregoing analysis , if correct , points to the fact that the ecological crisis cannot be solved within the logic of the present system .
The various suggestions for doing so have no hope of success .
The system of world capitalism is clearly unsustainable in : ( 1 ) its quest for never ending accumulation of capital leading to production that must continually expand to provide profits ; ( 2 ) its agriculture and food system that pollutes the environment and still does not allow universal access to a sufficient quantity and quality of food ; ( 3 ) its rampant destruction of the environment ; ( 4 ) its continually recreating and enhancing of the stratification of wealth within and between countries ; and ( 5 ) its search for technological magic bullets as a way of avoiding the growing social and ecological problems arising from its own operations .
The transition to an ecological — which we believe must also be a socialist — economy will be a steep ascent and will not occur overnight .
This is not a question of “ storming the Winter Palace . ”
Rather , it is a dynamic , multifaceted struggle for a new cultural compact and a new productive system .
The struggle is ultimately against the system of capital .
It must begin , however , by opposing the logic of capital , endeavoring in the here and now to create in the interstices of the system a new social metabolism rooted in egalitarianism , community , and a sustainable relation to the earth .
The basis for the creation of sustainable human development must arise from within the system dominated by capital , without being part of it , just as the bourgeoisie itself arose in the “ pores ” of feudal society .
Eventually , these initiatives can become powerful enough to constitute the basis of a revolutionary new movement and society .
All over the world , such struggles in the interstices of capitalist society are now taking place , and are too numerous and too complex to be dealt with fully here .
Indigenous peoples today , given a new basis as a result of the ongoing revolutionary struggle in Bolivia , are reinforcing a new ethic of responsibility to the earth .
La Vía Campesina , a global peasant - farmer organization , is promoting new forms of ecological agriculture , as is Brazil ’s MST ( Movimento dos Trabalhadores Rurais Sem Terra ) , as are Cuba and Venezuela .
Recently , Venezulean President Hugo Chávez stressed the social and environmental reasons to work to get rid of the oil - rentier model in Venezuela , a major oil exporter .
The climate justice movement is demanding egalitarian and anti-capitalist solutions to the climate crisis .
Everywhere radical , essentially anti-capitalist , strategies are emerging , based on other ethics and forms of organization , rather than the profit motive : ecovillages ; the new urban environment promoted in Curitiba in Brazil and elsewhere ; experiments in permaculture , and community - supported agriculture , farming and industrial cooperatives in Venezuela , etc .
The World Social Forum has given voice to many of these aspirations .
As leading U.S. environmentalist James Gustave Speth has stated : “ The international social movement for change — which refers to itself as ‘ the irresistible rise of global anti-capitalism ’— is stronger than many may imagine and will grow stronger . ”
The reason that the opposition to the logic of capitalism — ultimately seeking to displace the system altogether — will grow more imposing is that there is no alternative , if the earth as we know it , and humanity itself , are to survive .
Here , the aims of ecology and socialism will necessarily meet .
It will become increasingly clear that the distribution of land as well as food , health care , housing , etc. should be based on fulfilling human needs and not market forces .
This is , of course , easier said than done .
But it means making economic decisions through democratic processes occurring at local , regional , and multiregional levels .
We must face such issues as : ( 1 ) How can we supply everyone with basic human needs of food , water , shelter , clothing , health care , educational and cultural opportunities ?
( 2 ) How much of the economic production should be consumed and how much invested ?
and ( 3 ) How should the investments be directed ?
In the process , people must find the best ways to carry on these activities with positive interactions with nature — to improve the ecosystem .
New forms of democracy will be needed , with emphasis on our responsibilities to each other , to one ’s own community as well as to communities around the world .
Accomplishing this will , of course , require social planning at every level : local , regional , national , and international — which can only be successful to the extent that it is of and by , and not just ostensibly for , the people .
An economic system that is democratic , reasonably egalitarian , and able to set limits on consumption will undoubtedly mean that people will live at a significantly lower level of consumption than what is sometimes referred to in the wealthy countries as a “ middle class ” lifestyle ( which has never been universalized even in these societies ) .
A simpler way of life , though “ poorer ” in gadgets and ultra - large luxury homes , can be richer culturally and in reconnecting with other people and nature , with people working the shorter hours needed to provide life ’s essentials .
A large number of jobs in the wealthy capitalist countries are nonproductive and can be eliminated , indicating that the workweek can be considerably shortened in a more rationally organized economy .
The slogan , sometimes seen on bumper stickers , “ Live Simply so that Others May Simply Live , ” has little meaning in a capitalist society .
Living a simple life , such as Helen and Scott Nearing did , demonstrating that it is possible to live a rewarding and interesting life while living simply , does n’t help the poor under present circumstances .
However , the slogan will have real importance in a society under social ( rather than private ) control , trying to satisfy the basic needs for all people .
Perhaps the Community Councils of Venezuela — where local people decide the priorities for social investment in their communities and receive the resources to implement them — are an example of planning for human needs at the local level .
This is the way that such important needs as schools , clinics , roads , electricity , and running water can be met .
In a truly transformed society , community councils can interact with regional and multiregional efforts .
And the use of the surplus of society , after accounting for peoples ’ central needs , must be based on their decisions .
The very purpose of the new sustainable system , which is the necessary outcome of these innumerable struggles ( necessary in terms of survival and the fulfillment of human potential ) , must be to satisfy the basic material and non-material needs of all the people , while protecting the global environment as well as local and regional ecosystems .
The environment is not something “ external ” to the human economy , as our present ideology tells us ; it constitutes the essential life support systems for all living creatures .
To heal the “ metabolic rift ” between the economy and the environment means new ways of living , manufacturing , growing food , transportation and so forth .
Such a society must be sustainable ; and sustainability requires substantive equality , rooted in an egalitarian mode of production and consumption .
Concretely , people need to live closer to where they work , in ecologically designed housing built for energy efficiency as well as comfort , and in communities designed for public engagement , with sufficient places , such as parks and community centers , for coming together and recreation opportunities .
Better mass transit within and between cities is needed to lessen the dependence on the use of the cars and trucks .
Rail is significantly more energy efficient than trucks in moving freight ( 413 miles per gallon fuel per ton versus 155 miles for trucks ) and causes fewer fatalities , while emitting lower amounts of greenhouse gases .
One train can carry the freight of between 280 to 500 trucks .
And it is estimated that one rail line can carry the same amount of people as numerous highway lanes .
Industrial production needs to be based on ecological design principles of “ cradle - to - cradle , ” where products and buildings are designed for lower energy input , relying to as great degree as possible on natural lighting and heating / cooling , ease of construction as well as easy reuse , and ensuring that the manufacturing process produces little to no waste .
Agriculture based on ecological principles and carried out by family farmers working on their own , or in cooperatives and with animals , reunited with the land that grows their food has been demonstrated to be not only as productive or more so than large - scale industrial production , but also to have less negative impact on local ecologies .
In fact , the mosaic created by small farms interspersed with native vegetation is needed to preserve endangered species .
A better existence for slum dwellers , approximately one - sixth of humanity , must be found .
For the start , a system that requires a “ planet of slums , ” as Mike Davis has put it , has to be replaced by a system that has room for food , water , homes , and employment for all .
For many , this may mean returning to farming , with adequate land and housing and other support provided .
Smaller cities may be needed , with people living closer to where their food is produced and industry more dispersed , and smaller scale .
Evo Morales , President of Bolivia , has captured the essence of the situation in his comments about changing from capitalism to a system that promotes “ living well ” instead of “ living better . ”
As he put it at the Copenhagen Climate Conference in December 2009 : “ Living better is to exploit human beings .
It ’s plundering natural resources .
It ’s egoism and individualism .
Therefore , in those promises of capitalism , there is no solidarity or complementarity .
There ’s no reciprocity .
So that ’s why we ’re trying to think about other ways of living lives and living well , not living better .
Living better is always at someone else ’s expense .
Living better is at the expense of destroying the environment . ”
The earlier experiences of transition to non-capitalist systems , especially in Soviet - type societies , indicate that this will not be easy , and that we need new conceptions of what constitutes socialism , sharply distinguished from those early abortive attempts .
Twentieth - century revolutions typically arose in relatively poor , underdeveloped countries , which were quickly isolated and continually threatened from abroad .
Such post - revolutionary societies usually ended up being heavily bureaucratic , with a minority in charge of the state effectively ruling over the remainder of the society .
Many of the same hierarchical relations of production that characterize capitalism were reproduced .
Workers remained proletarianized , while production was expanded for the sake of production itself .
Real social improvements all too often existed side by side with extreme forms of social repression .
Today we must strive to construct a genuine socialist system ; one in which bureaucracy is kept in check , and power over production and politics truly resides with the people .
Just as new challenges that confront us are changing in our time , so are the possibilities for the development of freedom and sustainability .
When Reverend Jeremiah Wright spoke to Monthly Review ’s sixtieth anniversary gathering in September 2009 , he kept coming back to the refrain “ What about the people ? ”
If there is to be any hope of significantly improving the conditions of the vast number of the world ’s inhabitants — many of whom are living hopelessly under the most severe conditions — while also preserving the earth as a livable planet , we need a system that constantly asks : “ What about the people ? ” instead of “ How much money can I make ? ”
This is necessary , not only for humans , but for all the other species that share the planet with us and whose fortunes are intimately tied to ours .
Notes
You ca n’t reach a ridiculous premise without encountering some other similarly ridiculous premises .
Do n’t worry , I wo n’t expose you to many more of those ones .
Stocks Sucker Rally , Bear Market Trap and the Energy Bull
Rick Rule probably could draw an audience if he were talking about the weather , but combine his presence with knowledge , understanding , experience and a track record of success , particularly in the resource arena , and the crowd falls silent .
Founder and chairman of Global Resource Investments ,
Rick recently made himself available for a brain - drain , the foundation of the piece that follows .
. .
Economic Indicators
Lest you think the rallying stock market serves as a leading indicator that good times will soon roll again , along comes Rick Rule to rain on your parade .
" The greatest bull market in history , beginning in 1982 , " he says , has trained people " to believe things will do well and get better " — training he considers lethal — and conditioned them to " buy the dips . "
Furthermore , he adds , " The amount of liquidity being injected into the system is truly spectacular .
A lot of the stock market rally has been liquidity - driven . "
Interestingly , he notes , that liquidity is short term ; while banks are still avoiding long loans that they can't resell to the federal government , Rick sees plenty of short - term money , lots of margin , ample lending to hedge funds , capital markets firms and individual investors .
He considers the markets " seriously overvalued " with the economy in no condition to support the capitalization rates , but expects the rally to continue on the basis of those two reasons plus the gradual thawing of bank credit for merger and acquisition activity .
Bottom line , though , Rick calls it " a bear market trap , a real sucker rally .
.
. driven by liquidity rather than valuation .
And when the inevitable shock to liquidity hits — from additional foreclosures , a collapse in commercial real estate , implosion of municipal markets or wherever — this bull market will be over in a tremendous hurry .
He sees a variety of potential catalysts that could take this market down .
There 's no way of knowing when it will happen and how bad it will be , but he compares the likelihood of it happening to walking through a minefield .
The odds are you 'll step on a mine and it will explode .
" This is a minefield that it would be helpful if you were extremely drunk to stagger through .
I do not like the probability of us getting through this without a couple more ugly , ugly , ugly shocks .
The idea that we 're going to get through this unscathed just does n't make any sense . "
What could go wrong ?
Leveraged buyout loans in a weak economy .
Additional reset loans in the residential market .
Commercial real estate lending and commercial real estate capitalization rates .
Municipal bond markets .
Rum to Treat Tequila Hangover
As Rick sees it , " The entire set of circumstances that led us into the crash 18 months ago is before us again . . . None of the underlying causes of the problem have been dealt with at all .
We had a balance sheet problem ; as a society we 'd lived beyond our means and our liabilities exceeded our assets both in short and long term .
As a society , we 've decided to spend more and borrow more .
We had too much collective debt , so we took debt from $ 2 trillion to $ 9 trillion .
We 've exacerbated the problem .
It reminds me of a mathematical truism — you cannot add a column of negative numbers and get to a positive .
That 's not the way it works .
This is the equivalent of trying to cure a tequila hangover by switching to rum . "
Speaking of mathematical truisms , Rick referred to the " cashless earnings " recently reported by a major financial institution .
Though he 's much smarter than the average bear , Rick confesses that he has " a very difficult time understanding the concept ' cashless earnings , ' but the idea that people are excited about it from a bank whose assets are largely ephemeral and whose deposit liabilities people believe are real — that seems very , very problematic . "
The idea of ephemeral assets leads to the topic of the U.S. dollar .
Is n't its recent strength an encouraging sign ?
Rick repeats a wisecrack he hears ( and makes ) : " The dollar is in fact the worse currency in the world except all the others . "
He also alludes to Doug Casey 's description of the dollar : " IOU Nothing " ( and the euro " Who Owes You Nothing " ) .
As Rick sees it , " currency crises in the last couple of years have always been kicked off by the dollar because people understand its counterfeit nature .
For example , if one measure of value is scarcity , they 've made the dollar substantially less scarce in the last 18 months by printing so many of them .
But so has everyone else .
The race to the bottom in the context of the debasement of currencies is a hotly competitive arena .
. . the descent will be gradual but punctuated by air pockets .
I can't tell you when we 'll hit dollar or euro or yuan or peso air pockets , but I guarantee it wo n't be pleasant on the way down . "
When it comes to the debate about whether the current environment is inflationary or deflationary , he thinks the coin falls in favor of inflation .
" From a traditional economic viewpoint , you 'd have to say the circumstances are deflationary .
We are in the midst of a balance sheet recession .
We have lived beyond our means and can't service our debts .
The normal way to get out of that would be to stop consuming , start earning , paying down debt , defaults and foreclosures — that 's clearly deflationary . "
The Yield - to - Politician Factor
But ours is a political economy , he argues , and therefore " If you look at inflation - versus - deflation in yield - to - politician ( which is what matters ) , you find a politician has no yield whatever from deflation .
A politician who presides over foreclosures and unemployment will get kicked out of office . "
Looking ahead to the effects of this economic climate on the resource sector , it 's not too surprising to hear Rick say he anticipates a mixed bag .
He does expect resource stocks to face some trouble , because " when liquidity is drawn out of the market , either intentionally or as a consequence of hitting an iceberg , there 's no mercy .
When speculators have to sell , they sell what they can , not necessarily what they want to . "
For those reasons , Rick sees " extraordinary volatility .
. . with a downward bias in equities markets in general " over the next 12 months .
He 's been increasing his energy exposure , though ; even in a weak economy , " I 'm attracted to all forms of energy . "
Energy : Powerful Attraction
He describes his outlook on oil prices over the next five years as " very , very bullish . "
The primary reason is that major oil producers are busy " reducing supply while stimulating demand . "
Contrary to popular belief , Rick explains , the familiar names we see on the gas pumps are n't culprits here ; the major producers are the national oil companies of the world .
For an extended period of time , he says , many of the those companies have diverted too much cash flow to " politically expedient domestic expenditure , including starving the oil and gas businesses for reinvestment capital while at the same time subsidizing gasoline , kerosene and heating oil prices . "
Even if they change direction now , he adds , it 's " already too late to forestall declines that are built into their production . "
The upshot ?
" Important exporting countries , especially Mexico , Venezuela , Peru , Ecuador , Indonesia and Iran , could very likely cease to export any oil at all within five years .
A market where export demand is growing at 1.5 % a year and export supply falls by 25 % is in very dangerous imbalance .
So without the influx of substantial new production from only three jurisdictions — Saudi Arabia , Kuwait and Iraq — much higher world prices are inevitable . "
Rick is n't worried that the oversupply of natural gas will be a serious dampener of the crude oil price in that timeframe .
While the infrastructure investment necessary to substitute liquid natural gas for gasoline as a motor fuel is coming , he does n't see it on the near horizon .
In the meantime , " demand for motor fuel will pull up residual fuel oil prices , which will steady the natural gas price . "
That 's as good as it gets for as an energy investor , in Rick 's opinion : " Steadily rising prices with moderating costs of production . "
Energy investors may also be interested in Rick 's take on the future of Canadian income trusts .
Although he expects tax law changes taking effect next year to lead to restructuring , he also expects some of the corporations that emerge to remain active in plays that have presented unusually good opportunities to recycle free cash flow .
Although investors who purchased trust units for yield might not like it , Rick says , " In the context of energy prices I see five years from now , I forecast actually a relatively bullish future for these companies .
In particular , companies with large land exposure in areas where new technology has led to the revitalization of historic plays will grow their asset base by recycling the cash that they would otherwise distribute to unit holders , " he says .
He specifies four such plays :
The Viking light oil play in Saskatchewan , where the advent of horizontal drilling and multi-stage frac completion techniques are enhancing oil recovery .
The Bakkan in southern Saskatchewan , where wells tend to produce upwards of 200 barrels a day of sweet , light crude oil with 41 degree gravity — higher quality than Saudi oil .
The Cardium in central Alberta , which is somewhat similar to the Bakkan , and where — also similar to the Bakkan — companies are using new horizontal drilling technologies and hydraulic fracturing techniques to exploit the formation 's light oil assets .
The various shale gases — Horn River and Motney shales in the Deep Basin in British Columbia , for instance .
The potential of the Deep Basin in western Canada , on the eastern flank of the Rocky Mountain foothills was recognized in the late ' 70s , but only a fraction of that potential has been realized , because gas prices did n't rise the way they had to in order to justify exploration and development spending .
Now , escalating gas demand and rising prices — plus the widespread availability of the aforementioned advanced drilling and completion technologies — are changing the economics .
Speaking of economics , Rick foresees North American natural gas trading in the range of $ 4 to $ 8 or $ 8.50 per million BTU , with occasional spikes lower or higher " over an extended period of time . "
At the lower end , few of the North American shale plays can produce economically , so drilling and production will fall off dramatically when gas prices are low , spot shortages will result and prices will rise in response .
The higher price will re-stimulate drilling and production because it would be economic once more , until the price drops to the lower end of the band again and the cycle repeats .
" If you assume the middle of that band ( $ 6 per million BTU ) and fully loaded that the industry will be able to deliver gas in the shales for $ 4.50 , " Rick says , " the recycle ratios — the ability to redeploy earned capital to grow reserves and production " should make the North American natural gas industry be very lucrative for 10 to 15 years for the most efficient producers .
Furthermore , he states that the " very stable nature of the supply .
. . will lead to increasing utilization of gas in North America across a variety of activities , including peak power generation but also ultimately as a motor fuel .
In fact , he expects that with " incredible increases " in transmission infrastructures — largely out of Russia and North Africa into Europe and for LNG — natural gas will come to substitute for oil , at least in generation and petrochemicals .
" And I think you 'll see within five years fairly widespread adoption of natural gas as a motor fuel . "
Rick acknowledges that North America has a systemic oversupply of natural gas , but he calls this " a really wonderful thing — good for investors , good for consumers , good for producers , good for everybody . "
In summary , he says , " I feel better about the oil and gas sector than I do any other resource sector , with the sole exception of alternative energy . "
Size , Scale and Mass Matter
While Rick sees constraints on the supply side ( particularly in crude oil ) over the next five years , he also sees energy demand ( particularly from emerging markets ) continue to climb .
Societies are now competing for energy supplies that did n't have the financial wherewithal to do so 20 years ago .
The increasing demand for energy crosses the spectrum from traditional fossil fuels to renewable resources .
Of course , as he points out , alternative energy has an advantage over conventional energy in being politically correct .
" You can permit this stuff ; there is social and political acceptance of all forms of alternative energy .
Because credit delivery is increasingly controlled by governments that have bailed out banks ) , financing is available for alternative energy projects .
Rick divides the alternative energies into basically two camps — those that work in an economic sense and those that work only in a political sense .
He puts certain hydroelectric projects and many geothermal propositions in Camp A. Solar and wind occupy Camp B .
He considers geothermal the best of the bunch for major utilities because it generates baseline power consistently .
It provides 24/7 power .
Other alternatives present challenges : " Hydro , which I also like , has problems during a drought , during the summer .
It requires water flow .
Wind requires that the wind blows , and places where wind is a very efficient energy source are lousy places to live — the plains of North Dakota .
Solar has this overarching problem — night . "
Compelling Economics
The economics factor in the equation is compelling , too .
In the U.S. , Rick says that geothermal practically locks in secure near - term internal rates of return .
" Utilities are being forced to offer feed - in tariffs for alternative energy that makes solar and wind economic .
And the economic threshold of geothermal is much lower , so the impact of those feed - in tariffs on geothermal companies is a huge explicit subsidy .
The other subsidy is even more explicit : gifts and subsidized loans from the Department of Energy . "
Rick posits that a geothermal operator can earn a 22 % internal rate of return with a cost of capital less than 5 % — far better than returns generated by solar or wind projects .
" Cost of capital as a consequence of subsidies in the 5 % range while unleveraged project and IRR can exceed 20 % seems like an opportunity too good to forego , " he says .
Penalties , too , add weight to the geothermal case .
While it appears that Washington has put cap - and - trade legislation on the back burner for the time being , Rick says that penalties on coal are coming to the U.S.
" Despite the political strength of senators and representatives from the coal states , who are doing whatever they can to forestall it , it is absolutely inevitable .
And when it comes , major power producers who generate a lot of power from coal will need to diversify their energy sources to non-carbon - generating production .
The best baseline non-carbon generating production out there , at least in the alternative sphere , is geothermal . "
The economics are convincing enough that Rick says geothermal companies of " the correct size , scope and scale should focus most of their near - term activity in the U.S. while at the same time providing a pipeline in other areas of tertiary volcanic activity that will give them growth three to five years out .
" In terms of security of cash flow and ease of financing , the low - hanging fruit is in the U.S. , " he says .
" The chances for quantum improvements , however , come in parts of the world where the geothermal resource has been less thoroughly explored and exploited .
There are gigawatts of energy to be discovered and exploited in places like the Philippines , Indonesia and in particular Chile . "
In his opinion , the geothermal arena does not appear to favor small players .
Consolidation makes sense , at least in the U.S. , and Rick says that 's largely because the combination of the direct subsidies and incentives the utilities offer via power purchase agreements to meet government mandates put a premium on organizations with experience in financing , developing and operating plants .
They have to attract management teams that have done it in the past and can do it now .
Obviously , according to Rick , this does n't lend itself well to market capitalization of $ 50 million or $ 100 million .
" Size , scale and mass matter . "
For that reason , from economic point of view , small geothermal operators that can't raise money in $ 100 million and $ 200 million chunks are nonviable .
As he sees it , " The only thing that could change the equation for the small entrants would be a real near - term boom in alternative energy stocks , that sort of rising tide that floats all ships . "
Absent that rising tide , the thinks the consolidation up the food chain would be rational : " the micro-juniors absorbed into the mere juniors and the juniors themselves absorbed either by utilities or global power producers " until the whole sector is ultimately " upstreamed into the power generation sector , which is a very large , global , multi-billion dollar sector . "
A potential geothermal spoiler arose in December .
The day after the Swiss government permanently shut down a geothermal project in Basel blamed for causing earthquakes , a supposedly similar California project that was part of the administration 's geothermal development program came to a halt .
Although the two were not linked explicitly , the timing led to speculation that the California project ended for the same reason .
" People get cause - and - effect back - asswards , " Rick states .
" Geothermal activity that works engages in areas of tertiary volcanics and very young volcanic rocks .
Young volcanic rocks are there because the areas are tectonically active .
They have earthquakes .
Apparently you can create micro seismic activity by changing the flow of water through subterranean rocks , " he adds , " but the idea that a 12,000 - foot hole 6 or 8 inches in diameter will be the catalyst that unlocks the San Andreas Fault is one of the silliest scientific rumors I 've been exposed to in my life . "
Unfortunately , he goes on , " Given the fact that our society seems to make all kinds of decisions based on how they feel as a substitute for having to think , I guess I can see this being a political issue .
People tend to lend a lot more credence to the easy thing rather than spending 10 to 15 hours acquainting themselves with the basic tenets of geology or even thinking about how much 12,000 feet of strata weighs on top of a zone that might be impacted by the withdrawal of water .
Ninety - nine percent of the people do n't reflect .
They react . "
Still , the geothermal space holds great appeal for Rick and he thinks it remains politically correct .
" It 's useful to see that a major U.S. utility got an $ 8 billion subsidy from this administration to build nuclear plants in Georgia .
If nuclear is going to be politically acceptable , I cherish the thought of well geothermal producers will be regarded . "
Run -of - River Works , too
In addition to geothermal , run -of - river hydroelectric projects constitute the other alternative energy that works for Rick .
Conventional hydro means building great big dams that not only cost a lot but do a lot of environmental damage .
" In run - of - river hydro , " he explains , " you are allowed , to store no more than 24 hours ' flow , which means you do n't do a lot of damage to the riparian environment . "
Because run-of - river projects require cascading water to work , the best places are ( not surprisingly ) mountainous , such as North America 's West Coast , with the Sierras and the Rockies , works well , as do the Andes in South America , the Himalayas in Asia , the Central African Rift .
" You 're taking water out of the water course in a cascade and returning it to the river at the bottom of the cascade .
This does n't impact fish life , either , because they do n't live in places where the water pressure is so great , " Rick says .
" There are many , many gigawatts of undeveloped run-of - river hydro projects around the world .
The financing to put them in production is available , the technology is off - the - shelf , the engineering talent to build and operate these things is freely available . "
He expects junior companies to be able to build themselves over a period of eight to ten years , and when they reach critical mass because of the incredible stability of the cash flows they exhibit and the incredible ease of obtaining project financing , these companies will be sold at good multiples to power users . "
Sounds a bit like a no - brainer , but Rick finds that it does n't appeal to speculators .
" The idea that somebody would put money in the face of a rational rate of return over an extended period of time in a bull market rather than gamble wildly to try and discover which penny stock the tooth fairy 's going to alight on , sadly pulls capital from run-of - river toward tooth fairies .
For me , that 's wonderful .
That I can buy stabilized internal rates of return more cheaply is a very good thing . "
If ?
Or When ?
According to Rick 's analyses and observations over the years , " In bull markets at least , most speculators prefer ' if ' questions .
' If ' questions regard a fundamental speculation as to whether there will be a return of capital rather than a return on capital .
So to the extent I can involve myself in undervalued speculations that have ' when ' rather than ' if ' answers , I prefer those .
I consider a run-of - river project in terms of a ' when ' question .
When will project financing occur ?
When will the project go into production ?
Having gone in production , when will somebody else pay more for the cash flow that the company 's current shareholders are paying ?
Rare Earths : Too Much Ado ?
Rick considers rare earth metals the latest of a fairly interesting , basically North American phenomenon , sector rotation .
In a bull market , where sectors get ahead of themselves , promoters make money dreaming up new stories , and stories in a sector where people have n't been burned before are the easiest to sell .
" Nobody had ever lost money in niobium or gallium or germanium because nobody could pronounce them or spell them " until these stories came out , he notes .
" I think this is an enormous bubble that 's going to crash .
I have been delivering a lecture at some conferences about the real emerging minerals in this market — storium , fraudium , scamium , or for those who saw Avatar , my new favorite , unobtainium . "
'" Yes , this stuff can be used in cell phones ( in miniscule amounts ) .
Yes , lithium has some future in batteries . "
But the fact is , Rick says , the worldwide market for rare earth elements is about $ 2 billion .
As he works out the math , it does n't work .
" If you assume a 30 % margin ( which I do n't know is reasonable number ) , " he figures , " you are talking about $ 600 million in EBITDA .
At a 10 times EBITDA number , you 're talking about a $ 6 billion prospective market cap of that industry . "
He cites another mystifying bit of math .
" The largest lithium producer in the world is now down to 140 years ' supply of lithium .
The only reason they do n't have a bigger supply is there 's no particular sense spending money now to develop resources that you 'll need in 150 years . "
Urani-Mania Rerun
In contrast to the rare earth elements ' tale , Rick believes that the uranium story that fed the mania three years ago remains credible .
In fact , he says , " Everything that was true in the uranium story three years ago was 10 years ago and it's all true today , but it 's been priced differently . "
That 's because uranium — which first captured his attention in the early 2000s when it was pretty unpopular , trading below $ 10 per pound and bottoming out at $ 7.10 on December 25 , 2000 — " is a strategic fuel that has a great place in the world 's energy mix .
The world is consuming more uranium than it produces .
. . the above - ground supply will eventually go away and there will be shortages . "
He lost interest during the manic period of 2007 , when the uranium price peaked at nearly $ 138 per pound , but is looking at uranium stocks again , with yellowcake prices pretty much confined to the $ 40 to $ 50 band since the end of 2008 .
Because we consume more than we produce , we will have shortages , and the competition among users who need it will drive up prices , he reasons .
" Many countries are staking their energy future on uranium .
I do n't believe all of the plants that are planned and talked about now will be built , but enough will be built that there will be severe supply shortages .
The uranium price has to go up to reflect that , " he says , " and more importantly , it can go up .
The price of uranium is a fairly small component of the cost of the electrical production from a nuclear power plant ; the price could double and still not have too measurable an impact on the power price that comes out of the reactor . "
As he surveys the uranium landscape , Rick sees a world that " had n't looked for uranium for 20 or 25 years as a consequence of the fact that they were losing so much money on the uranium that they had found .
When uranium prices rose and the uranium companies were able to attract cheap capital and deploy it to exploration , there was an amazing amount of low - hanging fruit because for all practical purposes it was a new activity .
There have been some very attractive recent discoveries that have n't been rewarded with the escalation of market capitalizations that you would have seen with a discovery of equivalent value in the gold business , " he adds .
A new twist to the uranium story makes it even more compelling than before , in Rick 's view .
" In the past , the development of a uranium mine was really the sole province of a major or a super - major , " he observes , " but increasingly — due to the strategic nature of uranium deposits — juniors that discover major uranium deposits will have financing options open to them that were not open in the past . "
He explains that lenders increasingly are requiring plant operators to lock in supplies of uranium over the entire amortization period of the loan .
For example , if an operator were to build a new reactor in for $ 6 billion and borrowed $ 4 billion over 30 years to finance it , the bank would require them to lock in a million pounds of uranium a year for 30 years .
Given that there are well over 100 reactors planned for the next 10 years , probably 50 of which will be built , I believe there will be incredible demand to lock in supplies .
Those off - take agreements can be used by fairly small companies to finance the construction of uranium mines . "
Make Volatility Your Ally
The " extraordinary volatility " Rick foresees in the equity markets might scare some investors away , but he argues , " Volatility 's good if you use it as opposed to being used by it .
It allows you to pick up assets on the cheap .
I do n't try to mitigate volatility .
I think volatility is a tool .
I try to enhance it .
I have learned to react with absolute delight when a stock I think is worth a dollar falls to 50 cents .
I buy the hell out of it at 50 cents .
I seek to profit from volatility rather than to guard against it . "
Rick Rule , founder of Global Resource Investments , began his career in the securities business in 1974 , and has been principally involved in natural resource security investments ever since .
He is a leading American retail broker specializing in mining , energy , water utilities , forest products and agriculture .
Rule 's company has built a national reputation for its specialist expertise in taking advantage of global opportunities in the oil and gas , mining , alternative energy , agriculture , forestry and water industries .
Want to read more exclusive Energy Report interviews like this ?
Sign up for our free e-newsletter , and you 'll learn when new articles have been published .
To see a list of recent interviews with industry analysts and commentators , visit our Expert Insights page .
The ENERGY Report is Copyright © 2009 by Streetwise Inc .
All rights are reserved .
Streetwise Inc. hereby grants an unrestricted license to use or disseminate this copyrighted material only in whole ( and always including this disclaimer ) , but never in part .
The ENERGY Report does not render investment advice and does not endorse or recommend the business , products , services or securities of any company mentioned in this report .
From time to time , Streetwise Inc. directors , officers , employees or members of their families , as well as persons interviewed for articles on the site , may have a long or short position in securities mentioned and may make purchases and / or sales of those securities in the open market or otherwise .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
David
26 Apr 10 , 23:16 Rare Earths and Micro Caps
I 'm very excited for the GDLNF IPO coming to your LSE , and yes I too believe this is a suckers rally .
Nonetheless , micro cap stocks will continue to run if they have lagged unnoticed at this point .
www.microcapreports.com
This would n't be the first time we 've heard of Android being lovingly grafted onto Nokia 's N900 , but this looks to be the most proactive effort yet to get it functional enough for lay N900 users ( read : us ) to actually install .
Eclair 's now up and running on the device , complete with both keyboard and touchscreen support -- important fundamentals , we reckon -- and it looks like there 's enough chatter on the subject going on over in Maemo 's official forums to keep this ball rolling .
Everything 's being managed under the so - called NITDroid project that aims to get Android ready to roll on both the N900 and the N8x0 series of tablets , so feel free to chip in some advice if you like -- a functional radio stack would have to be high on the priority list , you can bet .
Follow the break for a little video of brilliant hackery in action .
[ Thanks , Nosa ]
Death Fighter is the proposed sequel to Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters , and is based on the show Aqua Teen Hunger Force .
In 2015 Dave Willis confirmed that the project has been scrapped , but expressed interest in possibly using Kickstarter to fund it .
However , no news has come out about the project since .
The New Testament in video game form .
We store ecards on our servers for a period of 30 days only .
Your ecard was sent on 2010 - 03 - 22 and has been deleted .
Cookies
Our site uses cookies .
By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy .
Some countries are naturally at ease with the concept and the reality of strategic power .
Such was clearly the case of France under Louis XIV , the Sun King in the 17th century , and such is the case today of China , whose leadership is comfortable with the balance - of - power games of classical Europe .
India is clearly in a different category .
In economic terms , its confidence has been boosted by the way the western world now looks at it with a mixture of respect and greed : " What kind of deals can I strike with such an emerging market , whose population will soon be the largest of any country in the world ? "
Yet , in order to understand India 's political and diplomatic relationship with the outside world , the most enlightening comparison is with America in 1920 .
Like the US after the first world war , India is realising that its status and role in the world have been deeply transformed in the last two decades .
And , like America then , India is not naturally at ease with the notion of exercising global power .
India 's history and culture , from Asoka , its mythical emperor in the third century BC , to Gandhi , push it to emphasise ethics and to consider itself an " exceptional " nation in its relationship with the world .
Contrary to China , India finds it difficult to adapt to its status as an emerging " Great Power " .
It would be a gross exaggeration , of course , to speak of an Indian " inferiority complex " .
And yet India constantly measures itself against China , remains obsessed with Pakistan , and has recently begun to look more critically at its relationship with the US .
It is natural for India to proclaim its " democratic " superiority to China while recognising that on all strategic fronts it is not in the same league .
But is it even possible to draw a comparison between what one Indian academic has called the " robotised Chinese man " and the vast human diversity of India ?
India seems to worry more than ever about China 's evolution .
China 's key role within the G - 20 , together with the relative if not absolute decline of the western powers , seems to have reinforced the hardliners in Beijing and the nationalism of a China that seems less ready than ever to accept any criticism of its human rights record .
Viewed from New Delhi , the vision of a reasonable , prudent , and ultimately satisfied China – a vision " sold " to the world by the minister mentor of Singapore , Lee Kuan Yew – appears less than obvious .
When it comes to Pakistan , too , India seems to lack confidence .
On all fronts – demographic , economic , military , and political – India is far above Pakistan .
But India does not seem to know how to deal with its north - western neighbour , and even less whom to deal with in its government .
The largest democracy in the world cannot say openly that it almost preferred the military dictatorship of General Pervez Musharraf to the chaos of the current situation .
In reality , what prevails in India is a deep sense of frustration with Pakistan .
India 's overtures to Pakistan 's government have largely remained unanswered , and when Indian officials express their unease , the US , if not the international community , accuses them of behaving irresponsibly .
If India seems not to believe that America and its allies can really " succeed " in Afghanistan , it is unwilling to resign itself to a return of the Taliban to power , which could in turn lead to Talibanisation of Pakistan .
Yet India seems to behave in a very " European " way in Afghanistan ; it is ready to send money and experts , but not troops .
India 's worries and frustrations in Afghanistan and Pakistan translate into a mixture of disillusion and irritation with an America that , seen from New Delhi , allows itself to be manipulated by Pakistani officials .
Indians cannot quite decide whether the Americans are simply " naive " or duplicitous – either way , they are not reassured .
Whatever the case , the current warming of relations between India and Russia , symbolised by Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's recent visit , does not translate into a grand reversal of alliances , as India 's break with Russia in the 1990s did .
India 's exchanges with Russia are only one - fifth of what they are with China .
What prevails nowadays in New Delhi and Moscow is simple pragmatism .
While there is room for Europe in India 's view of the world , for it ( as for China ) Europe is above all an economic rather than a political reality .
When it comes to politics , bilateral relations prevail , and from that standpoint France and Germany seem more important than Great Britain .
The raj era may be visible in the buildings of New Delhi and in the uniforms of the Indian army , but Britain has lost any competitive edge that it once had in India .
The past is truly passed .
India 's unease about strategic power , and its resemblance to a gigantic European Union united only by the English language , reflects its ongoing search for a new international identity .
In this quest , India is impaired by its lack of practice in the exercise of power on a grand scale .
It is not about to become a second China – it lacks both the means and the ambition .
That is a further reason for the west to engage and invest in India .
One night eight years ago in Ramallah , on the West Bank , a group of Israeli peace activists gathered at Yasser Arafat 's home to stage a sit-in .
Ariel Sharon , Israel 's hardline prime minister , was suspected of having despatched a team to kill the Palestinian leader , and the activists saw their plan as the only way to deter the assassins .
Through the night , they talked with Arafat 's bodyguards , trying to think about anything but the important things .
In the end , no assassins came and a crisis was averted .
Adam Keller was one of the Israeli activists at Arafat 's house that night .
In the years since , he has pursued peace tirelessly through the group Gush Shalom ( " Peace Bloc " ) , but now he is running low on optimism .
" The moderate , mainstream left is broken , " he says , in his tiny sitting room in southern Tel Aviv .
These days , Gush Shalom cannot even scrape together the funds to print the newsletter it used to publish each month .
" Israeli public opinion has given up on peace , " he tells me .
If there is hope for Israel 's liberals , it lies in East Jerusalem .
Each week , under the watchful eyes of riot police armed with assault rifles , Israeli activists bang drums and blow whistles to protest against the eviction of Palestinian families from their homes by Jewish " settlers " .
The police 's heavy - handed response has swelled this small pocket of resistance to a couple of thousand people .
Yet nearly 30 years ago , as many as 400,000 Israelis marched in fury at the massacre of Palestinians at Sabra and Shatila refugee camps during the war in Lebanon .
In 1995 , thousands took to the streets after the then prime minister , Yitzhak Rabin , Israel 's best hope for peace in years , was assassinated by a right - wing renegade at a public rally .
Many Israelis have been worn down by fruitless talks and promises .
" There 's such total indifference , " says Daniel Levy of the New America Foundation , a Washington think tank .
" Support for a two - state solution does n't mean anyone is willing to do anything about it . "
At a Peace Now rally in Tel Aviv against the right - wing coalition government of Binyamin Netanyahu and Ehud Barak , a rock band attempts to lift the mood of a downbeat crowd .
" These are dangerous people with dangerous politics - taking us down a path of no return , " Peace Now 's secretary general , Yariv Oppenheimer , shouts to scattered applause .
" Israel was a wonderful place , but the government
destroyed everything , " says Nitza Stern , a protester in her fifties .
The government 's lacklustre efforts to relaunch peace talks with the Palestinians and limit the construction of Jewish settlements on the West Bank have angered liberals , and recently Netanyahu has dismayed even his supporters .
By announcing the construction of new homes in East Jerusalem during a visit by the US vice - president , Joe Biden , he has brought relations between Tel Aviv and Washington to their lowest point in years .
As a result , his party , Likud , has suffered in the opinion polls .
But it retains its core support .
Analysts say Israel 's electorate has shifted rightwards following a wave of Russian immigration and a population explosion among the ultra-Orthodox community .
The left - wing Meretz , once the third - largest party , now holds just three out of 120 seats in the Knesset .
Partner for peace
Many blame the left 's demise on Barak .
When he first brought the centre - left Labour Party to power in 1999 , hopes for peace were high .
But the state he offered Arafat fell far short of Palestinian expectations , and he announced that Israel had " no partner for peace " .
Months after Barak 's election , the second Palestinian intifada began .
Faced with failure , many began to turn away from the left , and Barak 's decision to form an alliance with Netanyahu 's conservative government last year did little to bolster his popularity among liberals .
" Barak is the serial murderer of the Israeli peace camp , " Levy says .
But some argue that the damage was done years earlier .
Israel 's so - called left was busy with nation - building and never provided an adequate explanation of what it meant to be a progressive Israeli state .
“ The left had no ideological response to the question put by the right , " says the political scientist Ze 'ev Sternhell , a member of the peace camp who escaped with light injuries after a right - wing settler planted a makeshift bomb outside his Jerusalem home two years ago .
" Why was it legitimate to settle the upper Galilee , the Lebanese border and the Jordan Valley , and why was n't it legal and good to settle the West Bank ? "
Following the UN report on the Gaza war of December 2008 and January 2009 which accused Israel of war crimes , some commentators in the country are questioning their values .
Meanwhile , the right - wing Im Tirtzu group has launched a media smear campaign against the New Israel Fund ( which offers funding to NGOs challenging the behaviour of Israel 's security forces ) , featuring a caricature of the fund 's head , Naomi Chazan , sprouting a horn .
Moderate Israelis are understandably worried .
But they may yet see some redress .
Dismayed by the hardline stance of some cabinet members in response to US demands , Labour is threatening to pull out of the coalition government unless the centrist Kadima party is brought in .
The intransigence of Likud 's right wing may yet be the catalyst for a coalition that would otherwise have been unthinkable .
Read more foreign reports
Some families featured on " Extreme Makeover : Home Edition " find themselves in trouble once the cameras leave town .
Some struggle to pay the upkeep on their expensive new homes while others tap the equity in their homes and end up with bigger mortgages that are hard to maintain .
Some seek a quick - fix by trying to sell .
But because Extreme Makeovers tend to be big , fancy residences plopped in working - class or rural communities , the houses can be a hard sell .
( See related article . )
" Like many homeowners in the nation , Extreme Makeover : Home Edition families are n't immune to the current state of the U.S. economy , " said a ...
A rather surprising article hit the front page of the BBC on Tuesday : the next generation of hard disks could cause slowdowns for XP users .
Not normally the kind of thing you 'd expect to be placed so prominently , but the warning it gives is a worthy one , if timed a bit oddly .
The world of hard disks is set to change , and the impact could be severe .
In the remarkably conservative world of PC hardware , it 's not often that a 30 - year - old convention gets discarded .
Even this change has been almost a decade in the making .
The problem is hard disk sectors .
A sector is the smallest unit of a hard disk that software can read or write .
Even though a file might only be a single byte long , the operating system has to read or write at least 512 bytes to read or write that file .
512 - byte sectors have been the norm for decades .
The 512 - byte size was itself inherited from floppy disks , making it an even older historical artifact .
The age of this standard means that it 's baked in to a lot of important software : PC BIOSes , operating systems , and the boot loaders that hand control from the BIOS to the operating system .
All of this makes migration to a new standard difficult .
Given such entrenchment , the obvious question is , why change ?
We all know that the PC world is n't keen on migrating away from long - lived , entrenched standards — the continued use of IPv4 and the PC BIOS are two fine examples of 1970s and 1980s technology sticking around long past their prime , in spite of desirable replacements ( IPv6 and EFI , respectively ) being available .
But every now and then , a change is forced on vendors in spite of their naturally conservative instincts .
Hard disks are unreliable
In this case , there are two reasons for the change .
The first is that hard disks are not actually very reliable .
We all like to think of hard disks as neatly storing the 1s and 0s that make up our data and then reading them back with perfect accuracy , but unfortunately the reality is nothing like as neat .
Instead of having a nice digital signal written in the magnetic surface — little groups of magnets pointing " all north " or " all south " — what we have have is groups pointing " mostly south " or " mostly north . "
Converting this imprecise analog data back into the crisp digital ones and zeroes that represents our data requires the analog signal to be processed .
That processing is n't enough to reliably restore the data , though .
Fundamentally , it produces only educated guesses ; it 's probably right , but could be wrong .
To counter this , the hard disks store a substantial amount of error - checking data alongside each sector .
This data is invisible to software , but is checked by the drive 's firmware .
This error - checking data gives the drive a substantial ability to reconstruct data that is missing or damaged using clever math , but this comes with considerable storage overhead .
In a 2004 - vintage disk , for every 512 bytes of data , typically 40 bytes of error checking data are also required , along with a further 40 bytes used to locate and indicate the start of the sector , and provide space between sectors .
This means that 80 bytes are used for data integrity for every 512 bytes of user data , so about 13 % of the theoretical capacity of a hard disk is gone automatically , just to account for the inevitable errors that come up when reading and interpreting the analog signal stored on the disk .
With this 40 - byte overhead , the drive can correct something like 50 consecutive unreadable bits .
Longer codes could recover from longer errors , but the trade - off is that this eats into storage capacity .
Higher areal density is a blessing and a curse
This has been the status quo for many years .
What 's changing to make that a problem now ?
Throughout that period , areal density — the amount of data stored in a given disk area — has been on the rise .
Current disks have an areal density typically around 400 Gbit / square inch ; five years ago , the number would be closer to 100 .
The problem with packing all these bits into ever decreasing areas is that it 's making the analog signal on the disk get increasingly worse .
The signals are weaker , there 's more interference from adjacent data , and the disk is more sensitive to minor fluctuations in voltages and other suboptimal conditions when writing .
This weaker analog signal in turn places greater demands on the error checking data .
More errors are happening more of the time , with the result that those 40 bytes are not going to be enough for much longer .
Typical consumer grade hard drives have a target of one unreadable bit for every 1014 read from disk ( 1014 bits is about 12 TB , so if you have six 2 TB disks in an array , that array probably has an error on it ) ; enterprise drives and some consumer disks claim one in every 1015 bits , which is substantially better .
The increased areal densities mean that the probability of 400 consecutive errors is increasing , which means that if they want to hit that one in 1014 target , they 're going to need better error - checking .
An 80 - byte error checking block per sector would double the number of errors that can be corrected , up to 800 bits , but would also mean that about 19 % of the disk 's capacity was taken up by overheads , with only 81 % available for user data .
In the past , enlarging the error correction data was viable ; the increasing areal densities offered more space than the extra correction data used , for a net growth in available space .
A decade ago , only 24 bytes were needed per sector , with 40 bytes necessary in 2004 , and probably more in more recent disks .
As long as the increase in areal density is greater than the increase in error correcting overhead ( to accommodate signal loss from the increase in areal density ) , hard drives can continue to get larger .
But hard drive manufacturers are now getting close to the point where each increase in areal density requires such a large increase in error correcting data that the areal density improvement gets canceled out anyway !
Making 4096 bytes the new standard
Instead of storing 512 - byte sectors , hard disks will start using 4096 - byte sectors .
4096 is a good size for this kind of thing .
For one , it matches the standard size of allocation units in the NTFS filesystem , which nowadays is probably the most widely used filesystem on personal computers .
Secondly , it matches the standard size of memory pages on x86 systems .
Memory allocations on x86 systems are generally done in multiples of 4096 bytes , and correspondingly , many disk operations ( such as reading to or from the pagefile , or reading in executable programs ) , which interact intimately with the memory system , are equally done in multiples of 4096 bytes .
4096 byte sectors do n't solve the analog problem — signals are getting weaker , and noise is getting stronger , and only reduced densities or some breakthrough in recording technology are going to change that — but it helps substantially with the error - correcting problem .
Due to the way error correcting codes work , larger sectors require relatively less error correcting data to protect against the same size errors .
A 4096 byte sector is equivalent to eight 512 byte sectors .
With 40 bytes per sector for finding sector starts and 40 bytes for error correcting , protecting against 50 error bits , 4096 bytes requires ( 8 x 512 + 8 x 40 + 8 x 40 ) = 4736 bytes ; 4096 of data , 640 of overhead .
The total protection is against 400 error bits ( 50 bits per sector , eight sectors ) , though they have to be spread evenly among all the sectors .
With 4096 byte sectors , only one spacer start is needed , and to achieve a good level of protection , only 100 bytes of error checking data are required , for a total of ( 1 x 4096 + 1 x 40 + 1 x 100 ) = 4236 bytes ; 4096 of data , 140 of overhead .
100 bytes per sector can correct up to 1000 consecutive error bits ; for the forseeable future , this should be " good enough " to achieve the specified error rates .
With an overhead of just 140 bytes per sector , about 96 % of the disk 's capacity to be used .
In one fell swoop , this change provides greater robustness against the problems caused by increasing areal density , and more efficient encoding of the data on disk .
That 's good news , except for that whole " legacy " thing .
The 512 byte sector assumption is built in to a lot of software .
A 512 - byte leaden albatross
As far back as 1998 , IBM started indicating to the hard disk manufacturing community that sectors would have to be enlarged to allow for robust error correction .
In 2000 , IDEMA , the International Disk Drive Equipment and Materials Association , put together a task force to establish a large sector standard , the Long Data Block Committee .
After initially considering , but ultimately rejecting , a 1024 - byte interim format , in March 2006 , they finalized their specification and committed to 4096 byte sectors .
Phoenix produced preliminary BIOS support for the specification in 2005 , and Microsoft , for its part , ensured that Windows Vista would support the new sector size .
Windows Vista , Windows Server 2008 , Windows 7 , and Windows Server 2008 R2 all support the new sector size .
MacOS X supports it , and Linux kernels since September 2009 also support it .
The big obvious name missing from this list is Windows XP ( and its server counterpart , Windows Server 2003 ) .
Windows XP ( along with old Linux kernels ) has , somewhere within its code , a fixed assumption of 512 byte sectors .
Try to use it with hard disks with 4096 byte sectors and failure will ensue .
Cognizant of this problem , the hard disk vendors responded with , well , a long period of inaction .
Little was done to publicize the issue , no effort was made to force the issue by releasing large sector disks ; the industry just sat on its hands doing nothing .
However , this situation clearly could n't go on forever .
In a surprise about - turn , Fahim Ahmad , the ringleader of the so - called Toronto 18 has pleaded guilty .
The reversal of his plea was revealed Monday morning to jurors in what is a landmark trial — the first terrorism case in Canada to be decided by a jury .
Ahmad , described both as a “ time bomb waiting to go off ” and a “ fantasist , ” wanted to attack nuclear stations and storm Parliament , taking politicians hostage until they gave into his demands to pull troops from Afghanistan .
Ahmad ’s guilty plea leaves co-accused , Steven Chand and Asad Ansari , as the final members of the alleged terror cell on trial .
“ Ahmad ’s guilty plea is not a factor to be taken into account , ” Justice Fletcher Dawson told the five - woman , seven - man jury .
“ You must understand that has no impact on the guilt or innocence of the two men who remain on trial . ”
Ahmad was charged with contributing to a terrorist group for the purpose of carrying out an act of terror ; importing firearms for a terrorist group , and instructing co-accused to carry out an activity for a terrorist group .
On June 2 , 2006 , Ahmad and his co-accused were arrested after a lengthy investigation by Canada ’s spy agency and the RCMP , which included wiretapped intercepts , car probes and the infiltration of a police informant turned agent .
The Brampton court was told that in August 2005 Ahmad rented a car for two men , who were stopped at the U.S. border trying to re-enter Canada with three loaded semi-automatic guns .
In late November 2005 , Ahmad met Mubin Shaikh , an agent assigned by CSIS to cozy up to him .
Ahmad , described by Shaikh as a “ time bomb waiting to go off , ” spoke of his plans to train recruits to attack targets such as military bases and the Pickering power plant .
Ahmad also claimed to have had a weapons cache that included AK47s and M16s , which he had buried in a public park but which were then stolen .
He got the initial phase of his plan underway in late December 2005 , when he organized a training camp in the woods near Washago , Ont .
Attendees , as young as 15 , listened to jihadi lectures and participated in military - style exercises and firearms training , led by Shaikh , who was then working for the RCMP .
A less nefarious picture surfaced when court was told some members had to sleep in a van because of sub - zero temperatures and squealed when a field mouse ran into a tent .
And the portrait of a less capable ringleader also emerged when jurors were told Ahmad cut himself chopping wood and nearly set himself ablaze while adding fuel to a campfire .
But Ahmad ’s intents would have been clear to most after he delivered an impassioned speech , exhorting attendees by saying , " We 're here to kick it off .
. .
Victory is near . . .
Our mission is great , whether we get arrested , tortured or killed .
. .
Rome has to be defeated . "
Hoping to show off how serious they were to potential recruits , local imams and jihadi leaders overseas , they captured their exploits on camera .
Videos , later seized by police , contain Ahmad ’s fiery speech and shows them training with a 9 - mm handgun and playing paintball war games .
In early February 2006 , Ahmad turned his attention to securing a safe house and court was told he drove with Chand , Shaikh and another man to Opasatika , near Kapuskasing .
Ahmad said he also planned to use the house for storage of a mass shipment of weapons he claimed to have ordered .
During the trip , a car probe captures Ahmad asking , " Hey , wanna be part of the group that goes up to Parliament , man , cut off some heads ? "
When asked what happens there , Ahmad replies , “ We go and kill everybody . ”
Ahmad also planned to take over the CBC building in Toronto to broadcast the group ’s victory after attacking Parliament .
Shaikh agreed with defence counsel that by March 2006 , it was evident that Ahmad was a “ fantasist , ” without the capability to carry out the attacks he spoke of .
After returning from Opasatika , court heard that Ahmad met with Zakaria Amara , whose voice is captured on an intercept saying he has built “ the first radio frequency remote control detonator . ”
But Ahmad is disappointed that it only works from a distance of about 30 feet and says “ So you have to get blown up .
. .
Might as well sit in the car . ”
The following month , Amara broke away from Ahmad , having lost confidence in his leadership , and formed his own group with members from Mississauga .
But Ahmad pushed on with his own group , mostly from Scarborough .
Ahmad tried coming up with funds for an arsenal of weapons he claimed to have ordered .
He considered asking the group ’s members to max out their credit cards , but turned instead to a shady businessman involved in financial schemes .
But Ahmad was unable to recruit him with his talk of violent jihad , which was captured by a car probe : “ They ’re probably expecting what happened in London . . .
Our thing is much , much greater on scale .
. .
You do it once and make sure they never recover again . ”
Ahmad held a second camp to screen potential recruits at the Rockwood Conservation Area .
Again he made a video , this time showing masked men , armed with knives .
Following his arrest , police found a 9 - mm handgun at his residence that originated from the same Ohio gun shop as the weapons seized at the border in August 2005 and the bullets matched those found at the Washago camp site .
Island in the SkY presents
A warped journey through time and space and lunch time and work space .
' We 're bankrupt , broken and bust ' : Cameron unveils radical blueprint to rebuild Britain after 13 years of Labour
Clegg wins referendum on change to Alternative Vote
But Tories ensure stronger line on immigration
Cameron also restores pledge to bring in ' lower taxes '
Parents and charities will be given power to run schools
ID cards to go as Labour 's Big Brother state is slashed
Unions angry at plans to part - privatise Royal Mail
David Cameron pledged to rebuild Britain after 13 years of Labour ' recklessness ' today after unveiling a radical blueprint for sweeping political and social reform .
The Prime Minister launched a savage attack on the previous administration , accusing them of leaving the country in tatters with their economic profligacy .
In his address following this morning 's Queen 's Speech , he accused Labour of leaving an 'economy that 's nearly bankrupt , a society that 's broken and a political system that is bust ' .
Mr Cameron said Labour had left an ' appalling legacy ' with a vast budget deficit that is bigger than Greece 's and vowed his coalition government would act in the national interest to put it right .
Evoking the rhetoric of Margaret Thatcher , he promised to return Britain to ' good housekeeping ' and end the years of ' recklessness and big government ' that mushroomed under Labour .
He claimed his reforms , which include allowing people to run their own schools and a rolling back of the state , would hand back power to the people and deliver a new start for Britain .
' In just two weeks , this Government has done more for our economy than Labour managed in the last two years .
No more spending beyond our means , no more reckless borrowing , no more taxing of the poorest to pay for the mistakes of the few , ' he told MPs in the Commons .
Foot power : David Cameron and Nick Clegg walked to Parliament from Downing Street
Pomp : The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh in the House of Lords for yesterday 's State Opening
But in a sign of struggles ahead , the Prime Minister faced angry questions over the axing of Child Trust Funds , the omission of a vote on the Hunting Ban from the Queen 's Speech and attempts to shore up the coalition by blocking dissolution of Parliament unless 55 per cent of MPs agree .
Acting Labour leader Harriet Harman taunted Mr Cameron over divisions with the Liberal Democrats over Europe and branded the ' 55 per cent rule ' a ' political pre-nup ' .
Today 's legislative programme showed Nick Clegg 's party has secured huge gains in return for shoring up the Tories in government .
At its heart are measures for drastic electoral reform and a referendum on changes to the voting system that would change politics forever - satisfying major Lib Dem hopes .
A Bill on electoral reform outlines a bid to give the public the right to decide whether the First - Past - The - Post system should be ditched in favour of the Alternative Vote .
It was one of 22 Bills and one Draft Bill in the speech , which laid out a 500 - day ' power to the people ' legislative programme for the new coalition government .
The joint programme , hammered out in just two weeks , outlines plans to allow people to run their own schools and to row back the state that mushroomed under Labour .
But in a sign Mr Cameron has clawed back some ground from Mr Clegg , the document declares that the Government believes in ' lower and simpler taxation ' and takes a stronger line on immigration .
It restates the Tory leader 's pledge to bring non-EU migration down to levels last seen in the 90s and sticks to plans to have an annual cap on numbers flooding into Britain .
Packed : Peers in their ermine fill the benches of the Lords as the Queen delivers her address
Ceremony :
It was the 56th time the Queen has travelled to Parliament for a State Opening
The sovereign , from her throne in the House of Lords with Prince Philip at her side , said the measures were based on the principles of ' freedom , fairness and responsibility ' .
Amid all the pomp and ceremony of the most elaborate day in Parliament 's calendar , the address starkly insisted : ' The first priority is to reduce the deficit and restore economic growth . '
Mr Cameron and his Deputy , Liberal Democrat Nick Clegg , had walked together from Downing Street to the Commons - again ignoring security fears to tread the streets with the public .
It was the monarch 's 56th Queen 's Speech but her first for a coalition government and the first with a Tory as Prime Minister for 14 years .
The address lasted 10 minutes - more than three minutes longer than Gordon Brown 's final Queen 's Speech delivered just last November - and made no mention of the power - sharing set - up .
Mr Cameron 's pregnant wife Samantha watched from the gallery above the Lords .
She had dressed down in a casual blue dress and white vest top and was not wearing a hat .
Expecting : Samantha Cameron rests her hands on her baby bump
The number of Bills reflects the fact that this Queen 's Speech programme will run until autumn 2011 , rather than the usual 12 months , because of the election .
It was still slightly briefer than Tony Blair 's first Queen 's Speech in 1997 , which included 26 bills , and Gordon Brown 's in 2007 which had 29 .
The plans add up to a radical shake - up of education and fundamental political reform .
Plans to liberate hundreds of schools from state control by allowing them to become academies are a priority .
Charities , businesses and even groups of parents will be invited to set up and run new ' free schools ' using taxpayers ' money .
The move will smash the state monopoly on education forever and threatens to pitch the Lib - Con administration into a battle with the educational establishment and trades unions .
It is the first measure in a ' big society ' programme designed to ' take power away from politicians and give it to the people ' .
Other plans include introducing a national citizen service programme for 16 - year - olds , a shakeup of the planning system to give communities more power , letting public sector workers take over services and run them as cooperatives and giving the public access to government data .
The Parliamentary Reform Bill , meanwhile , will give voters the right to force by - elections to get rid of corrupt MPs , force the Commons to debate particular subjects via petitions , reduce the number of MPs and introduce fixed - term Parliaments .
THE COALITION'S PROGRAMME
Academies Bill Airport Economic Regulation Bill Armed Forces Bill Decentralism and Localism Bill Education and Children 's Bill Energy and Green Economy Bill Equitable Life Payments Scheme Bill European Communities ( Amendment ) Referendum Lock Bill Financial Reform Bill Freedom ( Great Repeals ) Bill Identity Documents Bill Health Bill Local Government Bill National Insurance Contributions Bill Office of Budget Responsibility Bill Parliamentary Reform Bill Pensions and Savings Bill Police Reform and Social Responsibility Bill Postal Services Bill Public Bodies Bill Scotland Bill Terrorist Asset Freezing Bill Welfare Reform Bill Parliamentary Privilege ( draft )
A Great Repeal Bill will enact Tory and Lib Dem promises to ' roll back the state ' that built up under Labour , scrapping ID cards and limiting the use of CCTV and of DNA databases .
The Government also promises to ensure anti-terror legislation ' strikes the right balance between protecting the public , strengthening social cohesion and protecting civil liberties ' .
The first piece of legislation to be introduced by the Government tomorrow will be the Academies Bill , following by the Identity Documents Bill on Thursday .
All existing state schools will be invited to convert to academy status , including primary schools for the first time .
Education Secretary Michael
Gove predicts that hundreds and even thousands of schools will take up the offer , with the first wave doing so in September .
John Dunford , general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders , said : ' The danger is that this could break up the system , with the better schools having more money and greater independence and the other schools finding life more difficult .
We must avoid that polarisation of the system because the people who suffer in that situation tend to be the disadvantaged . '
Separate legislation will follow to allow charities , businesses and community groups to acquire and convert land and buildings as premises for ' free schools ' .
In Sweden , which has adopted a similar programme of schools reform , many new schools are located in office blocks but are hugely popular with parents who recognise the exceptional quality of teaching .
Other key Bills in the Queen 's Speech include a Pensions and Savings Bill , restoring the link between the state pension and earnings , and a European Bill requiring a referendum before any future transfer of powers to Brussels .
Acting Labour leader Harriet Harman warned that the public must not be left to bear the cost of holding the coalition together and was sceptical about how long it would last .
' While the happy couple are enjoying the thrill of the rose garden , the in - laws are saying they are just not right for each other , ' she said .
' We keep telling them you can't pay couples to stay together and it's clear it will take more than £ 3 a week in tax breaks to keep this couple together . '
She highlighted conflicts between the two parties on the economy and on Europe and pointedly praised Mr Clegg for the ' ease ' with which he has secured plans for electoral reform .
Miss Harman also laid down the gauntlet over plans to make it impossible for Parliament to be dissolved unless 55 per cent of MPs agree .
' If Government loses confidence of parliament even by one vote than that Government has lost its mandate and there must be the opportunity for fresh elections , ' she said .
' They are already preparing for the day when they shrink back from their loveless embrace .
It 's like a a political pre-nup ...
They have no mandate for that change . '
She attacked the Government for outlining its £ 6.2 billion in cuts outside Parliament but pledged to back measures to ' embed and secure ' the economic recovery .
However , Labour would not allow firms to be left to ' sink or swim ' , she warned , and declared slashing extra university places in half would blight youngsters prospects .
A poll last night suggested the coalition is enjoying strong levels of public support .
The first ICM poll for the Guardian since the election shows that overall , 59 per cent of voters approve of the new government and 32 per cent oppose it .
Travelling in style : The Queen arrives at the Houses of Parliament for the State Opening
And she 's off :
The Queen leaves the Houses of Parliament after the brief ceremony
Electoral Reform
The coalition 's plans amount to a radical shake - up of Parliament and the electoral system .
They will be overseen by Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and are aimed at transforming politics .
A Bill will allow for a referendum to choose between the First - Past - The - Post system and Alternative Vote , which will see the Tories and Lib Dems campaigning for opposite sides .
Under AV , candidates are listed in order of preference by voters and need 50 per cent to win .
Votes are divvied up again and again until that threshold is reached .
The legislation will provide for the system to be changed automatically if there is a ' yes ' for a change , with no need for further laws .
Parliamentary terms will also be fixed for five years , with the date for the next general election set for May 7 2015 .
This strips David Cameron of the Prime Minister 's right to call an election .
Parliament will only be dissolved earlier if there is support of 55 per cent of MPs in the Commons - a proposal that has already prompted a revolt amid claims it will create a ' zombie ' government .
The Boundary Commission has been asked to draw up new plans for equally - sized constituencies with fewer MPs .
Voters will also be given the right of recall over an MP who is found guilty of serious wrongdoing as long as they can get 10 per cent of electors to sign a petition .
Education
Finery : Lord High Chancellor Ken Clarke
A furious row has erupted over fears the coalition government is attempting to smash the power of teaching unions and local authorities .
Thousands of outstanding schools in England could become academies and opt out of local authority control , under plans announced in the Queen 's Speech .
The Academies Bill allows for a massive increase in these schools - from the current 203 to as many as 3,000 .
Primary and secondary schools graded outstanding by Ofsted could be fast - tracked into free - standing academies by this autumn .
However , academies are free to depart from existing agreements on teacher pay and conditions and unions privately fear their large - scale expansion will mean the end of the national pay system .
Dr Mary Bousted , general secretary of the Association of Teachers and Lecturers , described the academy plans as ' irresponsible ' .
She warned that the proposals had not been ' properly thought through ' and would ' end up making a mess of education provision ' .
She said : ' Cutting local authorities out of the equation will end any meaningful local planning to target funding to the children who need more help such as those with special needs .
' If academies are allowed to determine their own pay and conditions , this will create uncertainty for staff and could make it even harder for the most deprived schools in the toughest areas to recruit staff . '
The Queen 's Speech also signalled the removal of barriers to new providers setting up ' free schools ' within the state system .
This would allow parents , businesses and charities to apply directly to the Government to set up schools , which would also be independent from local authorities .
These privately - run schools would be allowed to compete for pupils at the taxpayers ' expense to create more local competition and drive up standards .
It would also allow these schools to break with national pay and conditions .
Education minister in the coalition , Sarah Teather , a Liberal Democrat , had attacked the free school plan last month as a ' shambles ' .
She said during the election campaign : ' Unless you give local authorities that power to plan and unless you actually make sure that there is money available ... it 's just a gimmick . '
Royal Mail
Unions have promised to wage a ferocious campaign against Government plans to sell off a 49 per cent in Royal Mail .
The militant Communication Workers Union said it will ' fight ' the proposal which will see a large stake in the State - owned former monopoly sold to the private sector .
Under the controversial plans , Post Offices will be protected .
They will not be included in the sale and will remain in public ownership .
Workers at the Royal Mail , one of Britain 's biggest employers with nearly 170,000 staff , will also be handed a large stake in the business .
The full pledge is that the Government will ' modernise the Royal Mail , in partnership with employees , and will ensure it benefits from private sector capital and disciplines . '
But union bosses are furious about the planned sale , which was a key pledge in the Liberal Democrat manifesto .
Billy Hayes , general secretary , said : ' We will fight these proposals .
There is no mandate from the public to privatise Britain 's postal services .
It is not supported by the public and it is not supported by postal workers . '
The union insisted strikes are unlikely because they say it would be highly unusual to ballot its members about the ownership of the company .
A motion passed at its annual conference in Bournemouth this week agreed to oppose the part - privatisation , but not to strike over the controversial issue .
Business Secretary Vince Cable said there was no option but to deal with the ' long - standing problems ' facing the business .
Many different problems face the company from the plunge in the number of letters being sent , down 13 million a day in just five years , to the £ 10 billion pension black hole .
Mr Cable said : ' We are looking at all of the issues and options with a fresh pair of eyes , but are clear that an injection of private capital is important . '
The move comes less than two years after Labour tried - but failed - to sell a stake in Royal Mail , a move which triggered massive opposition from the party 's own MPs and the postal union .
Gate trouble : Education Secretary Michael Gove and Chief Secretary to the Treasury David Laws both had difficulty getting into Downing Street for today 's Cabinet meeting ahead of the State Opening
Immigration
The Torie ' pledge to put a cap on immigration from outside the EU , which survived the coalition negotiations , is enshrined in the Queen 's Speech .
The issue was one of the key areas of disagreement between the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats before they struck their historic power - sharing deal .
Nick Clegg 's party had wanted a regional points - based system , but eventually conceded that the Tory manifesto pledge should stay in the Government 's programme .
On the benches : Baroness Thatcher in the Lords
In today 's address , the monarch said : ' My Government will limit the number of non-European Union economic migrants entering the UK and end the detention of children for immigration purposes . '
Notes attached to the speech set out the coalition 's ambition for net migration to be ' tens of thousands not hundreds of thousands ' .
Although the UK needs to attract the ' brightest and the best ' , immigration ' is too high ' , the briefing said .
' In the long - term we should up - skill British workers so that we do not need as many economic migrants to fill jobs , ' it said .
Final decisions on the level of the annual limit and how it will be implemented will be taken after consultation with business and ' other interested sectors ' .
Immigration Minister Damian Green will also lead a review of how to end the widely - criticised practice of detaining children for immigration purposes , which will put forward proposals in the coming months .
Tax
The Queen 's Speech promises a ' fairer and simpler ' tax and benefits system , which is another key victory for the Liberal Democrats .
Key Tory plans have been ripped up to fund the Lib Dem pledge to raise income tax thresholds to help the lowest earners .
Plans to curb the 1 per cent National Insurance hike for employers and employees has been watered down and will now still hit workers .
And capital gains tax on non-business assets such as second homes and shares will be drastically hiked to rates close to income tax levels .
The first ' significant ' increase in the income tax threshold will be unveiled in the Budget on June 22 , with the long - term aim to raise it to £ 10,000 .
The Government insists most people will be better off under the combined tax measures , despite the middle class feeling the pinch .
Ted Cox is a Sacramento writer who follows the gay “ conversion ” movement : Organizations that claim to “ cure ” gays of their homosexuality .
This week we ’ll be running excerpts from his report of an undercover visit to a weekend retreat held near Phoenix last year .
The entire article is available online .
I do n’t remember exactly when I felt his erection pressing into my back .
It might have been while he whispered in my ear , “ Long ago , you were the Golden Child .
But , somehow , that Golden Child was hurt , and you put up a wall to protect yourself . ”
Or it might have been when other men in the room broke out in song :
How could anyone ever tell you
That you ’re anything less than beautiful ?
How could anyone ever tell you
That you ’re less than whole ?
I sat on the floor between the outstretched legs of a camp guide , my head leaning back against his shoulder .
The guide sat behind me , his arms wrapped around my chest .
This hold was called “ The Motorcycle . ”
Five men surrounded the two of us , their hands resting gently on my arms , legs and chest .
There were about ten other groups like this sitting on the floor in the darkened room : one guide giving “ healing - touch therapy ” while the surrounding men rested their hands on the receiver .
Some men were held in the Motorcycle position .
Others were turned towards their guide , cradled the way a parent would hold a sobbing child who had just scraped her knee on the sidewalk .
In one corner of the room , a portable stereo played Shaina Noll ’s song .
At one point , the staff members all sang out in unison , their voices filling the high walls of the camp lodge .
Somewhere in the room , a man sobbed over the sound of the music .
It was the first night of “ Journey into Manhood , ” a 48 - hour weekend retreat designed to help gay men become straight .
In that room , about fifty men — some thirty “ Journeyers ” and fifteen staff members — sat on the carpeted floor of a ranch lodge two hours outside of Phoenix , Arizona .
Most of the men , except for a few of the staff members , struggled to overcome their attraction to other men .
Sometime during all that holding and touching and singing , while I was cradled in the Motorcycle position , I felt it : the unmistakable bulge pressing through his tight jeans .
It was the first time in my life I had a felt another man ’s erection .
What the staff members and other Journeyers did n’t know was that I was attending the weekend undercover .
I ’m straight .
I ’m also an atheist .
By that February evening , I had been undercover in the so - called “ ex - gay ” movement for just over a year .
Before signing up for the $ 650 JiM weekend , I had attended weekly support - group meetings and weekend conferences geared towards Christian men and women desperately trying to overcome their same - sex attractions .
I am currently writing a book about my experiences posing as a same - sex attracted Christian man — “ SSA man , ” in the lingo .
My motivation for undertaking this wild project stems from several factors .
First , I was raised in the Mormon church , which has taken the lead against equal marriage rights for gays and lesbians .
It ’s been ten years since I left Mormonism , and I feel a particular need to stand up against the church ’s well - funded opposition to marriage equality .
( I wonder what Mormonism ’s polygamous founder , Joseph Smith , Jr. , and his successor , Brigham Young , would say about the “ Marriage = 1 Man + 1 Woman ” bumper stickers slapped on so many Mormon minivans . )
Second , while the ex-gay movement has publicly declared that they can bring “ freedom from homosexuality , ” there ’s no evidence that someone can change his or her orientation through these religiously motivated programs .
Rather than turning straight , the men and women that I met throughout this project dealt with a cycle of repression , backsliding into sin , then shame , guilt , and repentance .
These programs collect hundreds of thousands of dollars each year on a promise they can’t deliver .
Third , these programs are dangerous .
Ex - gay watchdog groups document the stories of men who , after years of failed attempts to become straight , resort to suicide .
Later I ’ll introduce you to Eric , a fellow JiM attendee who would hook up with men on Craigslist and then go home to his unsuspecting wife .
For many men in ex-gay programs , often their wives , friends , family , and church members have no idea they struggle with SSA .
What I saw and experienced at JiM both enraged and disturbed me .
I had trouble staying in character as I watched one man , as part of his therapy , act out beating his father to death with a baseball bat — just one of several “ Are you kidding ? ” moments .
How anyone could believe that a JiM weekend could turn a man straight still baffles me .
To be fair , I had several positive experiences that weekend .
I saw several men , some for the first time in their lives , lose the anxiety they feel about their sexual orientation .
Up until that weekend , some of them had never told anyone about their struggle with SSA .
In the course of the retreat , they would relax around other men who struggled the same way they did .
Journey into Manhood co-founder and “ Certified Life Coach ” Rich Wyler goes to great lengths to keep his techniques hidden from public scrutiny .
Only after I had booked my non-refundable flight , and paid the non-refundable retreat deposit , was I informed that all Journeyers are required to sign a confidentiality agreement .
Last year , when I attempted to write an article for Salt Lake City Weekly to run the week that Journey into Manhood arrived in Salt Lake City , Wyler complained to the paper , citing the confidentiality agreement I signed .
While the article idea I pitched to SLC Weekly would discuss only publicly available information about Wyler and Journey into Manhood , SLC Weekly — citing insufficient time to run the piece past their legal department — pulled the article and interviewed me instead .
After that interview , I discussed the confidentiality agreement with attorneys , editors , journalists , and gay - rights activists .
As a result of those discussions , I have decided to discuss in detail several aspects of the JiM weekend .
The decision was not easy .
But given what I experienced , the pain that many of these men feel , and the money that Wyler ’s organization takes from them , I feel obligated to speak out .
Tuesday : Arrival at camp .
Excerpts : Part I • Part II • Part III • Part IV • Part V
Last week , our Beauty 101 series focused on the hair that sits atop one 's head .
This week , we 're going to concentrate on reader concerns about the hair that grows , well , pretty much everywhere else :
Advertisement
Our readers had questions about everything from pubic hair trimming to facial hair removal , and they 're counting on you to help :
the one maintenance tip that I 've really yet to pick up and master is about trimming pubic hair .
tmi , I realize , but truly , I just have an ad - hoc system going on right now .
any suggestions ?
Two words : nether regions .
I do n't have enough money to be getting professionally waxed all the time , but shaving gives me bumps and is painful and the home products specifically for bikini - line maintenance never work .
I 've given up .
I cannot keep my legs and armpits smooth without professional waxing .
and I do n't like waxing because your hair has to grow in between .
If I shave , I get black dots that look bad too .
And Nair does n't work for me AT ALL , only about 1 / 2 of my hair falls out .
So , I can only wear skirts ( without tights ) on the occasions that I 've just waxed , which means only a few days every month or so .
my hair can be pretty obvious as it is black , and I did n't inherit my mom 's baby - fine leg hair , which , although black , was not very visible .
( sadly I am not as devil - may - care as Monique , I really wish I was ! ) and it means I got to get the timing right if I want to go to the beach .
HELP !
Shaving .
I always miss a spot & cut myself .
I shave everyday , in the winter , when I 'm not getting laid ...
I should really be a pro by now .
This is going to sound weird , but I have a hard time shaving my thighs .
My calves / shins are smooth , but I can't get the same result above my knee ; the skin always feels sort of rough and stubbly and I always manage to miss a big patch somewhere .
I 'm wondering if I should just try using Nair or something ( which I use on my forearms - what ?
I have fuzzy arms , okay ?! ) .
I could never shave without cutting myself .
So at 16 I pretty much gave up shaving all together .
Every now and then , if I have something fancy I need to go to and do n't want to offend the fancy people by reminding them of the fact that women actually do grow body hair , I shave .
And I still suck at it .
I still have n't found the ideal way to remove facial hair .
Waxing is great for my eyebrows , lest I look like Groucho Marx .
But I also have hair on my upper lip , chin , and sides of my neck .
Not like a beard , exactly , but enough to bother me .
Plucking tends to cause ingrown hairs , which look like blemishes .
Shaving , per the advice of a facialist I know , is quick but you have to do it like every other day or you have stubble .
Nair works - but not on the chin hairs , which grow like redwoods and are as black as cat hair .
And I 'm a natural blonde ( WTF , mother nature ? ) .
Laser hair removal seems promising , but it 's expensive and takes like a year to complete .
So I cycle through all the above , combating hair , stubble , blemishes , etc. , in a monthly cycle .
Creating a landing strip or triangle with my pubes .
I keep ending up with a Hitler mustache .
I just bought one of those new trimmer / razor contraptions from Shick .
I 'm hoping it will help me solve my sculpting problems .
Nothing ruins the mood quite like a hitler mustache right above your happy fun place .
Am I right ?
My worst is leg shaving .
I have NEVER managed the perfectly smooth , no visible follicles look everyone else seems to achieve .
I shave and 10 minutes later look at my legs and can see every damn follicle .
Okay , how does ladybit shaving actually work ?
Or even just a bikini shave ?
I 've tried , but the ingrown hairs crop up about five minutes after I finish .
It 's so traumatic that I 've just avoided it altogether and refused to wear any bathing suit that did not have board shorts as bottoms since the beginning of high school .
College dance performance season and the prospect of a mandated leotard never fails to terrify me .
Lady - bits grooming .
Not shaving , because that 's not my thing , but just general hedge maintenance — seems so straightforward yet I 'm always at a loss .
And it 's so awkward to see what I 'm doing down there plus I 'm terrified of any sort of sharp objects thereabouts .
Where do people learn these things ?
The majority of shaving / waxing concerns can be summed up with these 5 questions :
1 . How do I avoid ingrown hairs ?
2 . How can I remove lip / chin / facial hair without causing blemishes or scarring ?
3 . How can I get my legs to stay smooth after shaving ?
4 . How do I remove / trim / shape my pubic hair / bikini line ?
5 . What 's the best way to remove arm hair ?
6 . How can I avoid cutting myself while shaving ?
7 . I 'm thinking about going totally natural — any tips ?
Personal experiences to share ?
Advertisement
8 . Should I pluck , wax or shave stray hairs on my chest / chin / nipples / lip etc . ?
Think you can help your fellow commenters ?
Leave your tips and tricks in the comments below , or email them to me before 6 pm this evening .
I 'll post your responses tomorrow .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Earlier : Beauty 101 : Your Hair Questions , Answered
Beauty 101 : Your Foundation And Concealer Concerns , Answered
Beauty 101 : Your Eyeliner Woes , Solved
A Guide to Raw Traffic in Clojure
This tutorial will cover capturing raw network traffic going via your network interface .
We will implement a arp sweeper .
Arp is the protocol that is used to find out who uses which IP on the network .
So using a arp sweeper you can locate machines on your network pretty quickly .
For this script to work you need libpcap library and jpcap , libpcap 's java bindings .
libpcap is a packet capture library that allows you to read traffic going through your network card and disassemble captured packets .
Preflight Checks ,
Install libpcap if not installed .
Build and install jpcap .
Code needs to run as root if you want it to capture anything .
What we are going to do is ask the network , for each IP in the block that who has it .
Who has 192.1.1.1 ?
Who has 192.1.1.2 ?
Who has 192.1.1.3 ?
so on …
Then we start listening , machines on the network will respond …
192.1.1.1 is at 00:00:00:00:00:00
192.1.1.2 is at 01:01:01:01:01:01
so on …
Let 's dissect the code .
( ns pcap ( :use :reload - all clojure.contrib.command-line ) ( :import ( java.net InetAddress ) ( jpcap NetworkInterface JpcapCaptor JpcapSender PacketReceiver ) ( jpcap.packet EthernetPacket ARPPacket ) ) ) ( defn mac - byte - to - string [ mac - bytes ] ( let [ v ( apply vector ( map #( Integer / toHexString ( bit - and % 0xff ) ) mac - bytes ) ) ] ( apply str ( interpose " : " v ) ) ) )
Interface 's mac id is represented as a byte array , to visualize it we need to convert it to familiar hex representation .
( defn print - device - info [ name mac ] ( format " % 1 $ - 4s % 2$ - 17s " name mac ) ) ( defn ip v4 ? [ inet - addrs ] ( if ( instance ? java.net .
Inet4Address inet -addrs ) true false ) ) ( defn ip v4 - addrs [ addr - list ] ( filter ip v4 ?
( apply vector ( map ( fn [ i ] ( .address i ) ) addr-list ) ) ) )
Since interface may contain both v4 and v6 IP .
We filter only v4 IP's .
( defn interface - index [ name ] ( loop [ index 0 device ( first ( JpcapCaptor / getDeviceList ) ) device - list ( rest ( JpcapCaptor / getDeviceList ) ) ] ( if (= name ( .name device ) ) index ( recur ( inc index ) ( first device - list ) ( rest device - list ) ) ) ) ) ( defn interface - by - name [ name ] ( nth ( JpcapCaptor / getDeviceList ) ( interface - index name ) ) ) ( defn interface - ip [ interface ] ( first ( ipv4-addrs ( .addresses interface ) ) ) ) ( defn interface - info [ ] ( doseq [ device ( JpcapCaptor / getDeviceList ) ] ( let [ name ( .name device ) mac ( mac - byte - to - string ( . mac_address device ) ) ip ( interface - ip device ) ] ( println ( print - device - info name mac ) ip ) ) ) )
interface - info will print name , mac and ip of the all interfaces on your machine .
( JpcapCaptor / getDeviceList ) returns an array of interfaces .
For each device on the machine we query it 's name , mac and ip .
Note that this will only recognize interface 's ip v4 address .
But you can easily modify it for ipv6 .
( defn generateip - ip - list [ interface ] ( let [ ip ( .getHostAddress ( interface - ip interface ) ) block ( . substring ip 0 (+ 1 ( .lastIndexOf ip " . " ) ) ) ] ( vec ( map #( str block % ) ( range 1 255 ) ) ) ) ) ( defn create - arp - request [ interface target ] ( let [ broadcast ( into - array ( Byte / TYPE ) ( repeat 6 ( byte 255 ) ) ) srcip ( interface - ip interface ) arp - packet ( ARPPacket . ) ether - packet ( EthernetPacket . ) ] ;; arp ( set ! ( . hardtype arp - packet ) ARPPacket / HARDTYPE_ETHER ) ( set ! (. prototype arp - packet ) ARPPacket / PROTOTYPE_IP ) ( set ! ( .operation arp - packet ) ARPPacket / ARP_REQUEST ) ( set ! ( . hlen arp - packet ) 6 ) ( set ! ( . plen arp - packet ) 4 ) ( set ! ( .sender_hardaddr arp - packet ) ( .mac_address interface ) ) ( set ! ( .sender_protoaddr arp - packet ) ( .getAddress srcip ) ) ( set ! ( .target_hardaddr arp - packet ) broadcast ) ( set ! ( .target_protoaddr arp - packet ) ( .get Address ( InetAddress / getByName target ) ) ) ;; ether ( set ! (. frametype ether - packet ) EthernetPacket / ETHERTYPE_ARP ) ( set ! ( .src_mac ether - packet ) ( . mac_address interface ) ) ( set ! ( .dst_mac ether - packet ) broadcast ) ;; wire ( set ! ( .datalink arp - packet ) ether - packet ) arp - packet ) ) ( defn open - captor [ interface ] ( JpcapCaptor / openDevice interface 50 true 0 ) )
create - arp - request builds our request packet that asks Who has 192.1.1.5 ?.
Two things to note here is that .
First it is of type ARPPacket / ARP REQUEST and we send it to FF : FF : FF : FF : FF : FF which is the broadcast mac address .
For more information on the ARP Packet Structure refer to Wikipedia .
Next we open the device for listening , 50 bytes will be captured at most using promiscuous mode , which means all packets whether they are meant for your machine or not can be read , and a 0 milisecond timeout .
( defn send - arp - probe [ captor interface ip - list ] ( let [ sender ( .getJpcapSenderInstance captor ) ] ( doseq [ ip ip - list ] ( .sendPacket sender ( create - arp - request interface ip ) ) ) ) ) ( defn packet - callback [ ] ( proxy [ PacketReceiver ] [ ] ( receivePacket [ packet ] ( if ( instance ? ARPPacket packet ) ( let [ src-ip ( .getSenderProtocolAddress packet ) src-mac ( .getSenderHardwareAddress packet ) ] ( println ( .getHostAddress src-ip ) " is at " src- mac ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defn arp - sweep [ interface ] ( let [ interface ( interface - by - name interface ) captor ( open- captor interface ) ] ( send - arp - probe captor interface ( generateip - ip - list interface ) ) ( doto ( Thread .
#(.loopPacket captor - 1 ( packet - callback ) ) ) ( . start ) ) ( Thread / sleep 3000 ) ( .breakLoop captor ) ) )
This is where the actual scanning takes place .
We open the interface for listening .
We send arp - request packages for all IP 's on the network .
Wait for replies on another thread .
Since we do n't know which machines are on and which ones are off the best we do is wait for a while in this case 3 seconds then assume all responded .
3 seconds is a lot in this case most programs set it well below 1 second .
loopPacket will loop forever waiting for packets , that 's why we run it on a separate thread , when it receives a packet it will call our call back function .
For each packet received we check that if it is a arp packet .
Remember we are capturing all traffic going through the device .
If it is of type ARPPacket we disassemble it getting it 's source IP and MAC which is a machine on the network .
( with - command - line * command - line -args * " clojure pcap " [ [ list ?
" List interfaces . " ] [ device " Device to use " " en1 " ] ] ( cond list ?
( interface - info ) device ( arp - sweep device ) : else ( println " Invalid option " ) ) )
That 's all after you run the script , you should see a list of machines on your network with their IP 's and MAC id's .
You can get a list of interfaces available for capture using ,
clojure / ( master ) $ sudo ~/ Projects / scripts / clj arp-sweep.clj -- list en0 0:25:0:da:92:84 nil vnic0 0:1c:42:0:0:8 #< Inet4Address /10.211.55.2 > en1 0:25:0:40:a8 : cf #< Inet4Address /192.168.3.13 > vnic1 0:1c:42:0:0:9 #< Inet4Address /10.37.129.2 > lo0 0:0:0:0:0:0 #< Inet4Address /127.0.0.1 >
Then using any one of the interfaces initiate a scan ,
clojure / ( master ) $ sudo ~/ Projects / scripts / clj arp-sweep.clj -- device en1
Bulldogs Downed 3 - 2 by Stars in OT , Go to Game 7
May 24 , 2010 - American Hockey League ( AHL ) - Hamilton Bulldogs News Release
Hamilton , ON - The Hamilton Bulldogs were defeated by the Texas Stars 3 - 2 in overtime on Monday night at Copps Coliseum .
The Bulldogs and Stars are now tied 3 - 3 in the series and will meet in Game 7 on Wednesday night at Copps Coliseum .
The Bulldogs opened the game 's scoring at 16:58 of the first period .
Hunter Bishop fired a shot on net from the right side boards that was stopped by Texas starting goaltender Matt Climie .
The rebound bounced onto the stick of Gabriel Dumont , who fired a shot that was stopped Climie .
Dumont grabbed his own rebound before snapping a shot past Climie and into the net .
The Stars tied the game 1 - 1 at 9:04 of the second stanza while on the power play .
Travis Morin received the puck from Perttu Lindgren before dishing a pass to Garrett Stafford .
Stafford rifled a shot over the shoulder of Hamilton starting goaltender Curtis Sanford .
The  Dogs regained the lead at 17:51 of the middle frame while on the power play .
Brock Trotter received the puck from David Desharnais while stationed in the left corner of the Stars ' zone .
Trotter gave the puck to Shawn Belle , who was in the slot .
Belle released a shot that sailed past the glove of Climie and into the net .
Texas tied the game 2 - 2 at 5:56 of the final frame .
Greg Rallo carried the puck down the right side and into the Bulldogs ' zone before dishing a pass across the ice to Scott McCulloch , who tapped the puck over the blocker of Sanford and into the net .
The teams went into overtime for the fourth time in the series .
Aaron Gagnon scored the game - winning goal 18:32 into the extra period .
Jamie Benn collected the puck in the left corner before sending a shot to the front of the net .
Sanford was unable to cover the puck allowing Gagnon to whack the puck past the netminder and across the goal line .
The Bulldogs will host Game 7 of the Western Conference Finals at 7:30 p.m. on May 26th at Copps Coliseum .
The game will be shown on Cable 14 .
Fans can listen to every  Dogs playoff game on the flagship station of the Hamilton Bulldogs Hockey Network , TALK 820 .
Fans can also listen or watch at www.hamiltonbulldogs.com by clicking on the  AHL Live ' or  TALK 820 ' icons on the Bulldogs website .
Tickets for Game 7 of the Western Conference Finals at Copps Coliseum are available at the Copps Coliseum Box Office , any Ticketmaster Outlet , online at www.ticketmaster.ca or through charge - by - phone at 905-527-7666 .
For more information on  Dogs season tickets , flex packs , mini packs and group tickets call 905- 529-8500 or visit www.hamiltonbulldogs.com.
• Discuss this story on the American Hockey League message board ...
American Hockey League Stories from May 24 , 2010
The opinions expressed in this release are those of the organization issuing it , and do not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of OurSports Central or its staff .
This is the most important article I ’ve ever written – and loyal Conservative voters will hate me for it
Many of you are going to hate me for what I am about to say .
I regret this .
Perhaps the fact that I am going to do it anyway will convince some of you that I am deadly serious , and prefer unpopularity to doing the wrong thing .
It is one of the most important and urgent tasks I have ever undertaken .
I warned , 13 years ago , against New Labour .
I warned , seven years ago , against the Iraq War .
I was right ( as I usually am – full list on application ) .
Truly , the heir to Blair : Cameron will rescue the Blair project and wrap it in a blue dress
But in those cases I might as well have tried to halt a tsunami with a feather duster .
The country had gone into a sort of craze , and believed what it wanted to believe .
This time , I think and hope that what I say might actually have some effect on an unusually close Election .
And it is this .
Please do not vote Tory .
It will have the opposite result to the one you intend .
I do n’t care who else you vote for ( apart from the BNP , which no decent person can support ) .
But I beg and plead with you not to fall for the shimmering , greasy , cynical fraud which is the Cameron project .
You will hate yourself for it in time if you do .
The obvious thing is not necessarily the right one .
A little knowledge can save us from making bad mistakes .
If you feed a big meal to a starving man , which might seem the kind thing to do , you are likely to kill him .
Aeroplanes take off into the wind , not , as might seem more sen­sible , with the wind behind them .
If your car engine overheats , you should turn the heater up , not down .
It ’s the same here .
You may want to ‘ Get Gordon Brown out ’ .
So do I .
And he ’s done for anyway .
But do you really want to put in a man who agrees with Gordon Brown on almost every major issue , and is so confident of his liberalism that he does n’t even try to keep it secret ?
No muttered remarks in the car about ‘ bigotry ’ for him .
He has said openly that he regards the conservative - minded people of this country as ‘ fruitcakes and closet racists ’ – and nobody made him apologise for it afterwards .
Too close for comfort : Cameron , left , and Blair sing from the same songsheet
If you now endorse the Cameron Tory Party , you will destroy all real hope of change for the better .
I assume here that my readers mostly agree with me about what this country needs .
It needs its independence back , so it can make its own laws and control its own coasts and territorial seas , its armed forces , its foreign policy – like a proper nation .
It needs to regain control of its borders and end the mass immigration which is neither necessary nor good .
It needs to stop the destruction of the married family and the undermining of adult authority .
It needs to use the law to restrain the grotesque abuse of alcohol and the dangerous spread of drugs .
It needs to restore the idea that crime and disorder should be prevented by a police force patrolling on foot – and where that fails , the criminals should be punished in austere and ­disciplined prisons .
It needs schools which teach proper subjects in orderly and peaceful classrooms .
It needs to shrink and reform a grotesque , unjust welfare state which rewards sloth and neglects the truly poor .
It needs – urgently – to defeat the politically correct fundamentalist zealots , who sneer ‘ Bigot ! ’ at anyone who dares defend the reasonable beliefs and opinions which were normal a generation ago .
Some of you may also agree with me that it needs to reassert its debt and its allegiance to the Christian religion , on which our unique civilisation of orderly freedom is based .
David Cameron pretends skilfully to agree with these positions because he knows that is what you think .
But he does not really agree with you or me .
He is himself deeply politically correct ( he has just sacked a parliamentary candidate for having the ‘ wrong ’ opinions about homo­sexuality , a fact a grovelling media have not publicised ) .
His supposed ‘ Euroscepticism ’ is bluster which collapses when it comes into contact with reality , as over the Lisbon Treaty .
On Thursday night he ‘ guaranteed ’ he would n’t enter the Euro .
He once also ‘ guaranteed ’ a referendum on Lisbon , a commitment he slithered out of as soon as it became difficult .
These ‘ guarantees ’ fly from his lips whenever he needs to please a crowd , but they are less valuable than Greek Junk Bonds .
His alleged support for marriage ( dragged out of him under pressure ) is a token and a gimmick , as convincing and genuine as a supermarket price - cut .
His pose as the foe of immigration is profoundly dishonest .
He knows that , as long as we stay inside the EU , much immigration to this country is beyond his power to control .
Readers of this column over the past few years will have seen the many detailed instances of Mr Cameron ’s duplicity that I have provided .
And , because there is not space for them all here , I have compiled a full charge sheet against Mr Cameron and his party , in which I show his true aims and opinions , and those of his colleagues .
It can be found on the web at http://hitchensblog.mailonsunday.co.uk.
He is truly what he once said he was – the Heir to Blair .
If he wins , he will – as the first Tory leader to win an Election in 18 years – have the power to crush all his critics in the Tory Party .
He will be able to say that political correctness , green zealotry , a pro-EU position and a willingness to spend as much as Labour on the NHS have won the day .
He will claim ( falsely ) that ‘ Right - wing ’ policies lost the last three Elections .
Those Tory MPs who agree with you and me will be cowed and silenced for good .
The power will lie with the A - list smart set , modish , rich metropolitan liberals hungry for office at all costs who would have been ( and who in the case of one of the older ones actually was ) in New Labour 13 years ago .
And then where will you have to turn for help as the PC , pro-EU bulldozer trundles across our landscape destroying what is good and familiar and replacing it with a country whose inhabi­tants increasingly cannot recognise it as their own ?
The Liberal Democrats ?
They agree with David .
The Labour Party under exciting , new , Blairite Mr Miliband , heir to a Marxist dynasty ?
He agrees with David , too .
You will look from bench to bench in the House of Commons and see nothing but the people whose ideas have wrecked a great country in half a century , and who still wo n’t admit they ’re wrong .
This system is only propped up by state funding and dodgy millionaires .
The surge to the Liberal Democrats – because of who they are not rather than because of what they are – shows a great hunger for something genuinely different .
The expenses scandal has broken many old allegiances for good .
That process would actually be ended by the election of a Tory government , committed to the policies of New Labour and headed by a man who happens to be one of the greediest expense claimers of all , and who made you pay the mortgage interest on a large country house he did n’t really need .
We have the power to cast aside the discredited parties and politicians who have so utterly let us down and to make new ones which actually speak for us , and which do not despise us as fruitcakes or bigots .
Five years from now we could throw the liberal elite into the sea , if we tried .
But the first stage in that rebellion must be the failure of David Cameron to rescue the wretched anti-British Blair project and wrap it in a blue dress .
Afirma el presidente Calder�n que m�s de 90 % de los asesinatos derivados de la violencia son causados por el enfrentamiento entre bandas delincuenciales
FUEGO CRUZADO
Calder�n afirm� que 90 % de los asesinatos derivados de la violencia son causa del enfrentamiento entre bandas delincuenciales .
( Foto : Archivo EL UNIVERSAL )
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Viernes 16 de abril de 2010
Jorge Ramos | El Universal
11:46
Caught Red-Handed First Trial of Somali Pirates Poses Headache for Germany
Somali pirates are about to face trial in Germany for the first time since the EU launched its operation against piracy off the Somali coast in 2008 .
It 's a clear - cut case -- the 10 men were caught red-handed .
But it poses a legal and diplomatic headache for the German authorities .
Will this be the first trial of many ?
" It is of grave concern , " David Kennedy of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , told The Associated Press about the spill .
" I am frightened .
This is a very , very big thing .
And the efforts that are going to be required to do anything about it , especially if it continues on , are just mind - boggling . "
Nick Clegg is facing a fresh demand for the return of a £ 2.4 m donation obtained from the convicted fraudster and former Liberal Democrat donor Michael Brown , after an American lawyer said that he had dropped a claim against the party in the high court because of lack of funds with which to pursue it .
Robert Mann , who is based in Los Angeles , said he had exhausted his pension pot by trying to sue the Liberal Democrats for the return of $ 1.1 m , which he says was stolen from him by Brown and handed over to the party .
He urged the Lib Dem leader to make " the right moral decision " and repay those whose money had been taken by Brown and used to pay for Lib Dem campaigns .
Mann 's claim has hung over the party for 18 months .
His decision to drop it will be a relief to the Lib Dems .
But questions remain over Brown 's donations , which helped fund the last general election campaign and the Lib Dems ' biggest - ever haul of seats .
Meanwhile , it has emerged that a businessman who paid some of Brown 's bail money is a regular donor to the party .
According to Electoral Commission figures , Paul Strasburger , 63 , a millionaire in Bath , donated £ 10,000 less than two weeks ago .
Strasburger and his wife Evelyn have donated more than £ 552,000 to the Lib Dems since 2005 .
During last week 's televised leaders ' debate , Clegg was challenged by David Cameron to return the £ 2.4 m which the party received from Brown , but Clegg rejected this on the basis that it was " years ago " .
Mann , a 61 - year - old lawyer educated at Harvard , said that a high court claim brought by him in 2008 would be dropped .
" It sure seems that Nick Clegg is not going to give back the money , which is incredible , " he said .
" The money came from a fraudster who had stolen it from me .
The situation has been made worse by the madness of an Electoral Commission ruling which cleared the donation .
To continuously try to make excuses to avoid this responsibility is not the action of an honourable political party . "
Mann said that his life had been on hold for four years , and the case had cost him " millions of dollars " to pursue .
He had put $ 5 m into an investment scheme run by Brown 's company , 5th Avenue Partners , in February 2005 .
The money was paid into a US company account controlled by Brown .
Less than a month later , $ 1.1 m , now worth £ 716,000 , was transferred from that account into the Lib Dems ' campaign fund .
Brown , a Glasgow - born businessman who lived in Majorca , approached the Lib Dems in December 2004 .
After providing the biggest donation in the party 's history , he flew in a private plane with then leader Charles Kennedy and dined with grandees .
By September that year questions were being asked about whether the donation was legally permissible because Brown did not live in Britain and was not registered to vote .
Critics claimed the Lib Dems should not have accepted the money because 5th Avenue Partners showed little evidence of trading in Britain .
In June 2008 , after being charged with fraud and money - laundering , Brown fled bail and changed his surname to Campbell - Brown .
He was convicted in his absence and sentenced to seven years .
A year after the trial the Electoral Commission concluded the donations were permissible in law , as 5th Avenue Partners " was carrying on business in the UK " at the time .
A Lib Dem spokesman said : " The donation from 5th Avenue Partners was accepted in good faith and the Electoral Commission has ruled it was a permissible donation and that we carried out sufficient checks . "
Carpal Tunnel Treatment in Los Angeles
Our doctors are expert in the treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome .
Whether you have just begun to experience symptoms or have been putting off treatment for a while , you have come to the right place .
Our carpal tunnel doctors will help you to get your condition properly diagnosed and explain all your treatment options .
Carpal tunnel syndrome is a condition , which affects hands and forearms .
The symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome include pain and cramping of hands , tingling of the fingers , which wake people at nights and makes them want to “ shake - off their hands ” .
In more severe cases , carpal tunnel syndrome can also result in weakness of the hands to a point that people involuntarily drop objects .
As carpal tunnel progresses it can also cause cramping and pain of the forearm , arms , and even the neck muscles .
Prevalence of carpal tunnel syndrome in the US is 7.8 % , or one out of every 13 Americans ( Scan J. of Work Envi , Sept. 2013 ) .
This incidence is even higher among working people , and has been reported to be up to 25 % among people whose work involves extensive date entry .
According to the New York Times , “ every year more than 500,000 people in the US undergo surgeries for carpal tunnel syndrome ” , with an associated cost in excess of $ 2 billion per year .
What causes carpal tunnel syndrome ?
The median nerve is the dominant nerve giving sensation to the thumb and index fingers , as well as strength to the thenar thumb muscles .
Median nerve travels under a tight sheet in the forearm , which becomes a thick ligament - like roof of the carpal tunnel , as it passes into the wrist .
Thickening of the carpal ligament , inflammation and swelling of median nerve , and structural narrowing of the carpal tunnel can all increase median nerve compression at the carpal tunnel , otherwise known as carpal tunnel syndrome .
These are some of the exact causes of carpal tunnel syndrome :
Repetitive wrist movement , such as typing , twisting , and turning of the wrists .
Natural thickening of the carpal ligament .
Wrist fracture can cause a shift of the wrist bones , thus resulting in the narrowing of the carpal tunnel .
Ganglion cysts in the wrist can put pressure on the median nerve .
Inflammation and swelling of the wrists from pregnancy , weight gain , etc. Diabetes Mellitus .
Gout , and other metabolic disorders can damage all nerves , including the median nerve .
Depending on how advanced your condition is , you may be eligible for treatment using non-surgical methods .
For those cases where surgery is necessary , our doctors specialize in minimally invasive techniques .
No matter what treatment you require , you can rest assured that you will be in good hands here at the Hand & Wrist Center Los Angeles .
Carpal tunnel Syndrome Diagnosis :
There are several tests performed during a physical examination that can help to diagnose carpal tunnel syndrome , along with a reliable history of symptoms .
Electrodiagnotics tests , such as EMG / NCS ; as well as Ultrasound can help to confirm clinical diagnosis of carpal tunnel syndrome .
Treatment Options for Carpal Tunnel Syndrome :
Cases of mild carpal tunnel syndrome can be treated non-surgically with NSAID , splinting , physical therapy , acupuncture , and a reduction in repetitive hand use .
Mild to moderate cases of carpal tunnel syndrome can be treated with steroid injection into the wrist , although the results are temporary .
Moderate to severe cases of carpal tunnel syndrome are most effectively treated with carpal tunnel surgery .
Dr. Sean Younai and Alarick Yung are Hand surgeons who have successfully treatment thousands of people who suffer from carpal tunnel syndrome .
To schedule your consultation with Dr. Yung or Younai you can schedule a consultation or call us at 818.386.1222 .
Doctors are available to see patients in the counties of Los Angeles , Ventura , Bakersfield , and Riverside .
We accept most insurances , and are providers for basically all of worker ’s compensation MPN panels .
Select one of the options below to learn more about Carpal Tunnel Syndrome .
Causes & Symptoms » Symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome usually start out as minor discomforts and can become gradually more obvious with time , leading to pain and loss of dexterity .
Understand the causes & symptoms »
Treatment Options »
If you believe you are suffering from carpal tunnel , it is recommended that you complete an examination with a qualified carpal tunnel doctor in order to determine which treatment is best for you .
Find the right treatment option for you »
In response to Seattle Trash Collectors Make Average of $ 109,553 But Want More ; 1,600 Apply to Haul Trash if Teamsters Strike I received an Email from Michael about union monopolies in San Francisco .
Michael Writes ...
Here in San Francisco picking up a garbage costs about $ 37 / can per week .
A contractor I know got fed up , canceled his service as did his neighbor .
They simply loaded both houses garbage into his truck , took it to the dump and paid the $ 40 to get rid of it .
He charged his friend $ 10 .
As a contractor he had to go to the dump all the time anyway .
Pretty soon he had a small business , neighbors paying him $ 10 instead of $ 37 , a difference of over $ 1400 per year or the price of a vacation or plasma TV for the family .
He sorted their garbage and turned in the recycling for more money .
Normally the neighbors had to keep two cans , sort their garbage themselves and the Garbage monopoly took all the recycling fees anyway .
Pretty soon he hired a couple of neighborhood kids and his crew of 3 did both sides of residential streets at the same time .
If you had an old monitor or TV , motor oil , or paint to get rid of he'd take that too , sometimes he'd charge you $ 5 + what the dump charged for the special item .
Need an extra pickup ?
No problem .
He 'd work from 5 am to 8 am and he was earning $ 200 per day and his workers $ 75 .
The amazing thing he kept telling me was that the larger the truck you had the more money you could make .
He was amazed that with only a modified large pickup truck he could make money at a third of what the Garbage company charged .
When the local garbage company and its union found out about " Joe " they complained to the city .
Within a year a law was passed stating that garbage service was now mandatory for all residents at the price the city 's monopoly charged , which was shortly raised .
And Joe ?
For a while he still took our recyclables until he was fined $ 4000 , even though he had our permission .
It appears our household recyclables are owned by the Garbage company , not us , as it subsidizes our low cost of garbage service !
It is clear that monopolies are bad in business or unions and monopoly unions exist to enrich a class of privileged workers at the expense of ordinary workers .
Cheers , Michael
Posted on by storagedepotuk
Digital Storing of Data is a composition for backing up and storing data on magnetic tape that emerged from Digital Audio Tape technology , which was initially created for CD - quality audio recording .
Use of digital data storage devices is interesting from a use / efficiency perspective .
First thing that you realize once you have bought your digital camera is that you need some way to store the images .
The memory card in the camera is fine , but it can not store so much data .
It can be satisfying for a one day outing but what will happen if you are planning for more than a week vacation ?
Many other such problems can occur while storing data in your computer or cell phones .
In that case we are there to provide you all expert advice that is best for you .
We have products of brands like Digimagic , Dynamode , Ez PNP , Fuji , ICYDOCK , Stardom , Storage Depot , Transcend , and XS Drive .
The products like One Touch Backup , External Desktop Drives , Flash Memory Card Readers , Gadgets , DVD Media , DVD Writers , Handheld GPS , Harddrive cases etc are available at our online Depot .
We also provide detailed information on all of our products and the environments in which they can be used best .
We help you find the right product at the right price when you ’re shopping online .
We have an extensive technology catalog , thousands of professional product reviews , user opinions , and the best prices for your devices .
Our Storagedepot has everything you need to make your technology purchases .
We offer our customers a wide variety of both reliable and impartial advice .
We believe it is our responsibility to understand the different technologies offered , and to support these technologies on the various platforms .
We have a vast array of products for the storing of digital data as well as accessories , at highly competitive prices .
We offer not only well priced , innovative and useful products but also helpful advice , backup and support that are valuable for our client .
Our commitment to customer service and support is extremely importance to us .
Quick response to requests for information , timely delivery of orders , and expeditious turnaround of any product returned for warranty repair , and time saving user installable product upgrades are what set us apart from other companies and also our second name .
For more Information visit : http://www.storagedepot.co.uk
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Computer hard drives , Computer Products , Storage Depot | Tagged : digital signage , floppy disk drive , hard drive case , Network Attached Storage , Qnap External Desktop Drives , Qnap External Hard Drives , Qnap Network Attached Drives , Synology External Desktop Drives , Synology External Drive , Synology Network Attach Drive , USB floppy drive |
The problem is that most of the DNA in the bone fragments is not from Neanderthal people .
Most comes from soil bacteria and other organisms that later lived on the bones .
The researchers had to be extra careful to avoid contamination with their own DNA and that of other people handling the samples .
Advertisements
GOP Uses SECRET HOLD To Obstruct Record Number of Nominees– Democrats Want To Unmask GOP Senators Using Secret Hold
A dark storm is brewing over the Senate as Republicans obstruct Presidential nominees in record numbers , abusing secret hold and laundering holds in an attempt to outrun Senate rules .
The Republicans ’ unprecedented use of secret holds has almost brought government to a standstill , and yet they ’ve avoided all accountability for their actions by hiding under the cloak of anonymity .
Senator Claire McCaskill tried to force them to own up to their holds this week .
GOP Uses SECRET HOLD To Obstruct Record Number of Nominees
Advertisements
There ’s a disturbing trend in the Senate under President Obama , wherein Republicans are abusing secret holds in order to stall and block over 96 nominees of the President ’s .
These nominees range from federal court nominees to executive agencies , like the TSA –an agency whose current lack of leadership puts our lives at risk every day , as evidenced by the Christmas bomber and the no-fly list failure with the Times Square bomber .
Dozens of these nominees have sailed through committee hearings only to be brought to halt on the Senate floor through the use of what are called Secret Holds , which allow any senator to block any nominee at any time for any reason — anonymously .
A new rule meant to lift the secrecy has had little effect .
A secret hold is a parliamentary procedure within the Standing Rules of the United States Senate that allows one or more Senators to prevent a motion from reaching a vote on the Senate floor .
If the Senator provides notice privately to his or her party leadership of their intent ( and the party leadership agrees ) then the hold is known as a secret or anonymous hold .
The practice of secret holds was briefly banished in 1977 .
In response to the gathering storm of Republican obstructionism , Sen. Claire McCaskill ( D - MO ) attempted to unmask Senators with secret holds on President Obama ’s stalled nominees by implementing a law that originated three years ago ( Section 114 of the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act of 2007 ) intended to end secret holds .
The law stipulates that names of senators objecting to any law , bill , or nomination must be published in the Congressional Record within six days .
When McClaskill first pushed the issue , Jon Kyl ( R - AZ ) ( the Senate ’s No. 2 Republican ) objected to every single nominee .
( psstt ….he ’s one of 13 Republicans who voted against the measure requiring disclosure of secret holds ) .
McClaskill continued forcing the issue on more nominees and Kyl continued to obstruct the process again last week .
NPR reported : Kyl said , “ I have no objection to these two people , so I am not holding them .
I am objecting on behalf of the Republican leadership in order to enable the two leaders to clear both of these nominees — that is to make sure there is no objection on either side , so that they can both go forward . ”
McCaskill replied that the Republican and Democratic leaders had already conferred , and it was clear no Democrats objected to the nominations .
She said Republicans were using a “ stall and block ” tactic , and challenged them to go public .
“ This is called stall and block , stall and block , stall and block , stall and block — and fine , but own it ! ” McCaskill said .
“ If you ’re gonna stall and block , let ’s see who you are . ” ”
Senator Whitehouse ( D - RI ) explained , “ One possibility is that they ( Republicans ) are just flat out directly violating the rule , just refusing to following the Senate rules .
The second is that they are engaged in hold - laundering , that is that the people who originally had the hold have walked away from it after the six days have arranged for someone else to come in after the six - day period and have a new hold . ”
Hold - laundering or flat out obstruction — neither says country first , governing first , or part of the solution .
The Republicans underhanded tactics are bringing the government to a standstill at a time when we desperately need all hands on deck .
After a year and a half of Republican obstructionism and misinformation , the modern day Republican party has doubled down on their plan to win back America by making it ungovernable under a Democratic president .
“ Stall and block ” should be the Republican campaign motto for 2010 .
Further distinguishing this as the juvenile act of pure bitterness over the democratic process of elections is the fact that many of the conservative activists providing cover for Republican stall and block tactics played the opposite role during the Bush administration .
In an act of hypocritical hubris , Republican Mitch McConnell tried to downplay reality and spin his party ’s epic obstructionism as business as usual :
“ We ’ve always had a challenging environment in the Senate with regard to the confirmation of executive branch appointments .
This administration ’s been treated about the same as the previous administrations in terms of the pace of confirmations . ”
However , Congressional expert Ross Baker of Rutgers University disagrees .
He says things are in fact far worse than they ’ve ever been , “ It ’s difficult to police something when you really are n’t able to come up with any hard evidence to enforce it , and that ’s what makes the secret hold so diabolically difficult to deal with . ”
In seeming rebuttal to McConnell ’s claim , even Senator Grassley ( R - Iowa ) has spoken out against secret holds and challenged all senators to have the courage to come out with their holds .
Grassley is the one Republican to do so publicly .
At last Friday ’s deadline , not one name had been published in the Congressional Record , because the Republicans who placed a secret hold on nominees were indeed “ hold laundering ” – a relay game of duck and dodge of the Senate Rules where they pass their secret hold onto the next Senator to avoid disclosure on the sixth day deadline .
However , at the last hour , a single Republican manned up — kudos , Senator Tom Colburn ( R - OK ) .
The others are apparently still hiding whilst playing obstructionist games with our country .
Sen. Mark Warner ( D - Va. ) described the unprecedented secret holds as institutionalizing dysfunction and added , “ This seems to be an attack on this administration to do its constitutional duty . ”
Just because you can , boys , does n’t mean you should .
Your country needs you .
Step up or get out .
Seattle , Washington ( CNN ) --
It only takes the touch of a finger to locate the nearest bank , purchase tickets for a movie or find directions to just about anywhere in the world .
The digital revolution has changed the way the current generation carries out everyday tasks .
But some say that convenience has come at the price of your privacy .
Your personal interests and where you shop is valuable data for companies that want to effectively target their direct marketing .
And it 's not just a matter of companies recording your IP addresses and credit card swipes .
" Almost anything you do in today 's society involves leaving a track , " said Doug Klunder of the American Civil Liberties Union .
He 's the director of the ACLU of Washington 's Privacy Project .
As you go about your daily routine , you inadvertently share more data than you realize .
" It starts the moment you get up , " Klunder said .
" Just moving around is tracked .
If it 's on a bus , and you are paying with bus cards , that can be tracked .
If you are driving your car , there are increasingly video cameras that recognize license plates .
Anytime you have a cell phone on , it 's talking with cell towers and creating a record of where you are down to 100 feet . "
And that can put your personal information at a higher risk .
Last year , more than 11 million U.S. consumers were victims of identity theft , according to an annual survey released last month by Javelin Strategy and Research .
It found that the No. 1 targets are people 18 to 24 .
Their salaries might be lower than the older , less digitally savvy generation , but they are more likely to share their personal information online .
And that is n't always a bad thing .
Private investigator Steve Rambam argues people are in a sense compensated for the personal information they divulge .
" The average American finds a very healthy acceptable balance between privacy and convenience , they give up some privacy and get a lot of convenience , " said Rambam , who regularly gives a talk at conferences titled , " Privacy is Dead : Get Over It ! "
Rambam has become an expert using someone 's digital tracks to locate the person , whether they are a fugitive , a missing person or a writer that Rambam challenged to try and hide from him for a year .
Rambam found him nine times just from electronic bread crumbs he left , and the two are working on a book about the experience .
It 's very hard to function in society and not leave those kinds of clues , Rambam said .
" If you want to have access to the largest , most fantastic marketplace in the world , eBay has to know what you have searched for , " Rambam said .
" If you want to be able pull a phone out of your pocket and talk on it anytime you want , well , that phone reports where you are 24/ 7 .
If it 's a smart phone like an iPhone or an Android phone , it tell us where you eat , what books you buy , what restaurants you like . "
But is it possible for someone who truly wanted to go off the grid to avoid leaving any tracks ?
Frank Ahearn helps people who are desperate enough do just that .
" I teach people how to disappear , " Ahearn explained .
For more than 20 years , Ahearn was a skip tracer ; his job was to track down people who had skipped town .
Then he realized there was opportunity in aiding people who did n't want to be found .
Ahearn is something like a one - man witness protection program .
For a fee , he helps people with personal or financial problems , but who are not wanted by law enforcement , vanish .
He has also written a book , " How to Disappear . "
One of the people Ahearn said he helped disappear was a female attorney being threatened by a client who blamed her when he lost his case in court .
" He turned his anger on her , basically started throwing dead animals on her lawn , " Ahearn said .
" The problem with stalkers is there are no boundaries .
You do n't know where , how or if it 's going to end . "
In cases like those , Ahearn says he sets up new identities for people so they can't be tracked down by someone like him .
" If I am looking for you , you have got some problems .
But if I am helping you to get out of town , you 're going to be OK because I know what they are looking for , " he said .
" The key is your old life and your new life never connect . "
But odds are it wo n't be an easy life .
Evan Ratliff , a writer and editor for Wired Magazine , decided last year to test out the idea of living without leaving a trace .
He dared his readers to find him .
Ratliff moved across the country living under false identities , trying not to leave any electronic clues .
" I think in the first few hours of it I thought , ' No one 's really paying attention , no one cares about this topic , ' " Ratliff said .
" Then the flood started . "
Dozens of strangers formed social media search parties and traded tips about so - called " Evan sightings . "
" One post after another , they had already started digging up information about me , " Ratliff said .
" After about the first night , I was fully freaked out . "
He did n't make it easy , using prepaid cell phones , physical disguises and software that masked his Internet usage .
Eventually he was tracked down in New Orleans , Louisiana , living under an assumed name , 2,000 miles from where he started .
Ratliff said paranoia and suspicion quickly set in when he was on the run .
There was little romance to living like a fugitive , he said .
" It 's hard to let go of that idea that if you really did it right , you could end up on a beach in South America for the rest of your life drinking margaritas , " he said .
" That 's always still there , but I think the actual process of living on the run in the United States -- in the end , it 's almost never going to be worth it . "
BATON ROUGE --
With the National L Club Spring game complete , the LSU Athletic Department has begun preparations to install purple field turf in historic Tiger Stadium in time for the 2010 home opener against Mississippi State .
" It 's now time to expand the traditions that surround our football program , " LSU head coach Les Miles said .
" LSU is going to take the lead in what we think will become the wave of the future and that 's field turf in the colors of your school .
The installation of the purple field turf will add to the excitement of a Saturday Night in Tiger Stadium and this team will enjoy the opportunity to play on what will be the finest surface in football . "
CBSsports.com Blogger Likes It
LSU becomes the latest school looking to brand its field with the school colors .
Boise State and the University of New Haven play on blue field turf and Eastern Washington recently announced plans for a red field this upcoming season .
In keeping with tradition , the field will feature yard markings every five yards and the eye of the Tiger at the 50 - yard line , with the SEC logo on the 25 - yard line .
" This was n't just a knee - jerk reaction , " Marcus Davidson , Assistant to the Associate in the Office of Athletic Branding , said .
" It was a perfect storm of factors .
Not only will field maintenance be easier for our grounds crew , but being able to project purple and gold to a national television audience is an opportunity for branding that will make Tiger Stadium the greatest place to watch a sporting event in the world .
With the purple turf , the only place that compares is the Roman Coliseum , and to my knowledge , that does n't even exist anymore . "
The turf will be installed by Turfus and Sons , a subsidiary of Vandalay Industries , which is the largest producer of the rubber material found underneath dangerous playground equipment .
" Partnering with LSU just makes sense , " said Art Vandalay , the President and CEO of Vandalay Industries said .
" We 've been speaking on the virtues of colored turf for years at various conventions and we finally have the perfect partner in LSU .
The field is going to be amazing .
Although we have never done a project with our turf on anything more than municipal parks , we are confident that ' Tiger Turf ' is going to be a staple of all collegiate athletic fields .
The possibilities are endless .
I see a future where grass will cease to exist . "
The football team has been experimenting with the " Tiger Turf " during select drills in spring practice .
With a patent - pending revolutionary design , the purple turf certainly left an impression on players and coaches alike .
" It is definitely faster than anything I 've ever seen in my 14 years of conditioning , " Tiny Gampshone , the junior executive strength and conditioning coach said .
" It is really going to prompt muscle confusion in the other team as the brain wants to run on a green surface . "
Published online 28 February 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.95
News
Body clock is a hormonal dimmer switch that controls water loss .
Brain cells collude to keep animals hydrated while they sleep .
V. Balantsev/iStockphoto
The body 's internal clock helps to regulate a water - storing hormone so that nightly dehydration or trips to the toilet are not the norm , research suggests .
In an article published in Nature Neuroscience today , neurophysiologists Eric Trudel and Charles Bourque at the Research Institute of the McGill University Health Centre in Montreal , Canada , propose a mechanism by which the body 's circadian system , or internal clock , controls water regulation1 .
By allowing cells that sense water levels to activate cells that release vasopressin , a hormone that instructs the body to store water , the circadian system keeps the body hydrated during sleep .
" We 've known for years that there 's a rhythm of vasopressin that gets high when you 're sleeping .
But no one knew how that occurred .
And this group identified a very concrete physiological mechanism of how it occurs , " says Christopher Colwell , a neuroscientist who studies sleep and circadian rhythms at the David Geffen School of Medicine at the University of California , Los Angeles .
The body regulates its water content mainly by balancing water intake through thirst with water loss through urine production .
People do n't drink during sleep , so the body has to minimize water loss to remain sufficiently hydrated .
Scientists knew that low water levels excite a group of cells called osmosensory neurons , which direct another set of neurons to release vasopressin into the bloodstream .
Vasopressin levels increase during sleep ; clock neurons , meanwhile , get quieter .
Thirst alert
Trudel and Bourque tested the idea that lower clock - neuron activity might allow osmosensory neurons to more easily activate vasopressin - releasing neurons , which would mean more water retention and less urine production during sleep .
To do this , they isolated thin slices of rat brain containing intact sensory , vasopressin - releasing and clock neurons .
Even when removed from the brain , clock neurons continue to mark time .
The duo then stimulated the sensory neurons and recorded any electrical activity in the vasopressin - releasing neurons to monitor communication between the two cell groups .
The researchers then moved on to look at the effect of the clock cells on this pathway .
When they did not activate the clock cells during the ' sleep ' part of their cycle , it was easier for the sensory cells to communicate with vasopressin - releasing cells .
Conversely , when they activated the clock cells , this communication decreased markedly .
ADVERTISEMENT
The results suggest that clock cells function as a dimmer switch for water control .
When their activity is high , they prevent sensory cells from instructing secretory cells to release vasopressin .
Then , when clock cells are less active , sensory cells can easily instruct secretory cells to release vasopressin , ensuring that the body holds on to its water reserves .
Colwell points out that the study was done in rats , which are nocturnal .
Although the vasopressin cycle and clock - neuron activity are similar in rats and humans , the question of whether the same mechanism occurs in animals that sleep at night remains to be answered .
" We show this for this one circuit , but it 's possible that clock neurons regulate other circuits in a similar manner and this remains to be studied , " says Bourque .
He speculates that future studies might reveal whether the same mechanism regulates hunger , sleepiness and other aspects of physiology related to circadian rhythms .
SHARE
By of the
A 51 - year - old man who fell about 14 feet from the lower level in left field while the Chicago Cubs took batting practice at Miller Park last month has died , according to a Milwaukee County medical examiner 's report released Friday .
Stuart S. Springstube , a Weyauwega resident , was wearing Cubs gear and reaching out over the railing down the left field line attempting to catch foul balls April 25 when he tumbled headfirst over the rail and onto the hard dirt below .
Springstube suffered a brain hemorrhage and was taken to Froedtert Hospital in Wauwatosa , where he died Wednesday , according to a medical examiner 's report .
A Brewers spokesman said last month that Springstube was moving his extremities after he fell .
Brewers head athletic trainer Roger Caplinger said Springstube was cut and bleeding from the face but was conscious as he was taken off the field by emergency first responders .
Several of Springstube 's relatives were with him when he fell , according to the medical examiner 's report .
The report gives no indication that Springstube was intoxicated or impaired and says he had not drunk alcohol for 15 years .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least 300 people have died and others are trapped under rubble after a magnitude - 6.9 earthquake struck China 's Qinghai province , officials say .
The powerful tremor hit remote Yushu county , 500 km south - west of provincial capital Xining , at 0749 ( 2349 GMT ) .
Chinese TV showed wrecked buildings and people scrabbling through debris , as the government began a rescue misssion .
Yushu is hundreds of miles from an airport , and it is thought rescue crews may take time to reach the quake zone .
" Soldiers have been dispatched to save the people buried in the collapsed houses , " local official Huang Limin was quoted as saying by China 's state news agency Xinhua .
A Yushu resident told Reuters news agency rescuers were trying to pull survivors from buildings .
" A lot of one - storey houses have collapsed .
Taller buildings have held up , but there are big cracks in them , " he said .
One official told journalists more than 85 % of buildings near the epicentre had collapsed .
The official added that " a lot of students " had been buried after part of a vocational school collapsed .
Many of the buildings in Yushu were though to be made from wood .
Quake - prone region Karsum Nyima , the Yushu county television station 's deputy head of news , told China 's state - run CCTV that school students had been assembled in outside playgrounds , although school buildings had not collapsed .
ANALYSIS Michael Bristow , BBC News , Beijing
The earthquake struck just before 0800 local time - when many people were still at home .
It was followed by three aftershocks .
Some media reports say most buildings in the town near the epicentre fell down .
Grainy pictures on Chinese television showed rescuers pulling at the rubble of one collapsed structure .
Soldiers have been sent to the area to help with the rescue .
The earthquake happened in a remote and sparsely populated area on the Tibetan plateau .
The area is regularly hit by earthquakes .
" In a flash , the houses went down .
It was a terrible earthquake .
In a small park , there is a Buddhist tower and the top of the tower fell off , " he said .
" Everybody is out on the streets , standing in front of their houses , trying to find their family members . "
Zhuo De , an ethnic Tibetan resident of Yushu , who spoke by phone from the capital of Qinghai province , Xining , said there could be many more casualties .
" The homes are built with thick walls and are strong , but if they collapsed they could hurt many people inside , " he said .
The remote high - altitude region is prone to earthquakes , but officials from the US Geological Survey said this was the strongest quake the area had seen since 1976 .
The region , which is home to ethnic Mongolians and Tibetan farmers and herdsmen , is dotted with coal , tin , lead and copper mines .
China 's Sichuan province , which neighbours Qinghai , suffered a huge earthquake in 2008 , when thousands of schoolchildren were among the 87,000 people killed or missing .
Five million people also lost their homes , and officials estimated rebuilding work would take at least three years .
The government later punished people who had compiled lists of the victims and had suggested shoddy school - building was partly to blame for the high death toll .
Are you in the area ?
Have you been affected by the quake , or have you seen or heard anything ?
Send your comments using the form below .
You can also send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to +44 7725 100 100 , or if you have a large file you can upload it here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your e-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Volume 16 , Issue 1
SPRING 2000 Welcome to the Lahey Fortran Source Newsletter .
The new millennium has finally arrived .
Some things have changed ; most have stayed the same .
The same is true for us here at Lahey .
We are implementing several changes intended to improve the quality of the products and services we provide to the Fortran community .
One of these changes is the Fortran Source newsletter itself .
This is the first edition to be published and distributed electronically .
We have tried to provide the information in this newsletter in as non-intrusive a manner as possible .
However , if you dont want to receive future issues of the newsletter , unsubscribe instructions can be found at the end of this letter .
CONTENTS
Message from Tom Lahey - Founder of Lahey Computer Systems , Inc .
Fortran and the Space Program - Article from Jack Crenshaw
Lahey and Canaima Partnership - Announcement
Winteracter Enhancements - New features in v2.2
GINO for Linux - GUI builder for Linux
Using LF95 Linux Express for Linux Clusters - Article
Tech Support Policy -
How to optimize response time
Tech Support Tips - Questions and Answers
CoEx Program Retired - Announcement
Fortran 95 / GINO
Workshop -
Where , when , and how much Message from Tom Lahey
( Back to Contents ) Dear Fortran Programmer , Change .
April 21 , 1967 , Phoenix , AZ .
Lahey Computer Systems , Inc. , is incorporated .
33 years later and still running .
Lahey shipped its first PC FORTRAN 77 during September 1984 .
Looking back , the only thing that 's certain is change , and as you read this edition of Fortran Source , I hope you see that we continue to change to meet your needs and changing market conditions .
To improve how we stay in touch with your needs , Lahey has created a special e-mail address , ideas@lahey.com .
If you have any reaction to this newsletter , or any idea that you would like us to consider , please send them to this address - we 'd appreciate hearing from you .
Speaking of change , here are three I see in the Fortran programmer 's future : Fortran 2000 Windows 2000 versus Linux IA - 64
All of these changes are exciting .
Will Linux replace Windows as the OS of choice for Fortran programmers ?
For the most part , the Fortran 2000 language is defined .
The language will move further in the direction of object oriented programming .
What impact will the changes have on our programming ?
Will Intel 's 64 - bit chip impact Sun and SGI ?
It 's no secret that Intel has been working towards entering the workstation market for some time .
My prediction : The Fortran programmer 's bang for the buck will continue to improve dramatically !
Preparing for the IA - 64 .
As you are probably aware , Fortran 90 formally introduced the idea of default types .
There are five intrinsic default types : CHARACTER , COMPLEX , INTEGER , LOGICAL , and REAL Note : No DOUBLE PRECISION which is still a standard type , but not a default type .
Fortran 90 also formalized extended - precision COMPLEX .
How would the standard have us declare extended - precision COMPLEX variables and functions so that the code will run single precision on a Cray ( 64 - bit chip ) and extended precision on a PC ( 32 - bit chip ) ?
One way is : COMPLEX ( SELECTED_REAL_KIND ( P=40 , R=50 ) ) :: Z1 , Z2 , ... For REAL variables , the syntax is : REAL ( SELECTED_REAL_KIND ( P=40 , R=50 ) ) :: x , y , z , ...
Two reasons for using this approach :
Some thought is given to the numerical analysis of a problem ; and when the Intel IA - 64 chip makes it to our desk , code will not have to be modified to avoid doing 128 - bit REALs when all that is needed is 64 - bits .
Workshop XVII .
Lahey has planned Fortran 95 Workshop XVII for May 15:17 .
Tim Zeisloft and I will lead the sessions here at Lake Tahoe - bring a camera and a FORTRAN program you want to begin to modernize .
Following Lahey 's six -session / three - day workshop , Bradly Associates will offer an introduction to their GINO family of graphics products on Thursday and Friday .
You can sign up for either or both , there 's room for twelve .
Based on feedback from Workshop XVI , the syllabus has been improved slightly ( as it is for most workshops ) .
For the first time we will be using Truckee Meadows Community College facilities so you wo n't have to bring a computer .
Fujitsu Visit .
Bill Lassaline and I visited Japan during the week of March 6 to work on Lahey 's relationship with Fujitsu .
I 'm happy to tell you that Fujitsu has committed to advancing the Windows and Linux Fortran 95 products .
Lahey makes definitive product - announcements when we have the release ready to go - stay tuned .
Porting Service .
In closing , I 'd like to mention the Lahey Porting Service .
If you have programs you would like ported to Fortran 95 , I would like to work on them .
No code is too small ; no code is too ugly ; no code that is important to your organization is too anything .
To get started , we work in $ 1,000 advances .
You can cancel at anytime and only pay for what has been accomplished .
Sometimes , the user has taken over after I showed what could and / or needed to be done .
Finally , Lahey has no claim on the work I do .
Give Lahey a call .
Regards , Tom Fortran and the Space Program
( Back to Contents )
These days , fewer and fewer engineers remember , firsthand , the glory days of the space program , culminating in the historic Apollo moon landing .
Fewer still recall just how intimate was the connection between three converging new technologies :
Space science , computer science , and Fortran .
In the earliest days of the space program , computers were nonexistent , and Fortran was barely so .
When I joined NASA in 1959 , to say that computing facilities were primitive would be an understatement .
Like every new NASA engineer , I was given a standard , government issue , 18 " slide rule .
The standard " computer " was a 50 - pound , mechanical marvel , the Friden calculator .
Spreadsheets were something you did by hand , using the Friden ; trig functions were something you got from a book of tables ; and graphs required drafting instruments , french curves , and a sharp pencil .
You could tell a lot about an engineer by the quality of the graphs he drew .
Laugh if you like , but it was mostly slide rules , spreadsheets and graphs , not computers , that launched Alan Shephard and John Glenn into space .
NASAs Langley Research center had one ( 1 ) computer , a 32 k IBM 702 .
My first dynamic simulation , for a solid - state rocket booster , was written in assembly language , mainly because that s all we had .
As for things like lunar and interplanetary simulations , there were maybe 10 in the entire country .
When you consider the challenge of writing a precision simulation in assembly language using , say , 5th - order Adams - Moulton integration , you can appreciate why there werent many of them .
By 1969 , the year of the Moon landing , aerospace companies all over the country had IBM 7094s , Univac 1108s , and CDC 6600 s coming out their ears , all busily grinding out solutions of complex trajectory problems , and virtually all written in Fortran .
Fueled by the Apollo effort , we had computing power to spare , and dynamic simulations were a dime a dozen .
Each of us had an N - body simulation to help solve Apollo trajectories , and many were being used to plan the next step : Mars .
Thousands of engineers , worldwide , pored over fan - fold printouts and X - Y plots .
As computers evolved , mathematical methods evolved with them .
At the beginning of the space program , we used what existed , which were methods developed by astronomers to compute the orbits of comets .
They were methods intended to be used by hand , and they often involved decisions concerning precision , signs of results , etc. , that required human intelligence to make .
They also tended to make heavy use of spherical trig .
The methods did not translate well into computer programs .
So we developed new methods that depended on vector math , and algebraic rather than trig - based solutions ; things the computer was good at .
The patched - conic method , the unified two - body theory , the f -g series solutions , Deysts method , Lamberts theorem methods , all were brand - new methods , better suited to computer solutions than manual ones .
Practical application of the now - famous Kalman filter came straight out of the Apollo program inspired by the need for efficient midcourse guidance .
I think its no exaggeration to say that it was computer technology , not money or space science , that helped us land on the Moon .
And Fortran was right in the middle of it .
What made Fortran so important ?
It was designed , from the get - go , to help programmers solve math problems .
If there was something we had in abundance , it was math problems , and Fortran was the perfect tool to help us solve them quickly AND efficiently .
Two features of Fortran were of special significance .
One was the subroutine with calling lists .
Though the notions of modularity and reusable software were still thirty years away , we knew a good thing when we saw it .
We were all building subroutine libraries , and using them to build bigger ones .
My very first Fortran " program " was the ubiquitous vector add routine : SUBROUTINE ADDV( A , B , C , N )
DIMENSION A( 1 ) , B ( 1 ) , C(1 )
DO 10 , I=1 , N
10 C( I ) = A ( I ) + B( I )
RETURN
END I still use that same routine to this very day .
The second " feature " was not really a feature , but an accidental result of the primitive state of compiler technology .
The original Fortran passed all parameters by reference , not value .
To identify a passed parameter as an array , you had to mention it in a dimension statement .
But we quickly learned that the size did n't matter ; the compiler didnt do range checking .
It only needed to know that the variable was an array .
This meant that we could use tricky constructs like the dimension statement above to operate on vectors of any size .
Doing the same with matrices was a little trickier , because we had to do our own 2 - d to 1 - d indexing conversion , but we did it .
By the time Fortran IV came along , this practice had become so popular that it couldnt have been removed from the language , even if they wanted to .
So they formalized the syntax into something called " variable dimensions , " AKA conformant arrays .
Now it was possible to write general functions operating on two - dimensional arrays : SUBROUTINE MATX( A , B , C , L , M , N )
DIMENSION A(L , M ) , B( M , N ) , C( L , N )
DO 20 I = 1 , L
DO 20 J = 1 , N
SUM = 0.0
DO 10 K = 1 , M
10 SUM = SUM + A( I , K ) * B( K , J )
20 C( I , J ) = SUM
RETURN
END Today , some people consider Fortran passé .
More modern languages like Pascal and C are the rage and object - based languages like C++ even more so .
To this day , not one of them support conformant arrays .
Why is this ?
Frankly , I consider this a national disgrace .
Surely , if Fortran could support the concept in 1967 , some compiler wizard could figure out how to do it in C++ , in the year 2000 .
I can only conclude that the people who design modern languages do n't really care much about ( or even understand ) the needs of those of us who still do numerical computing .
That 's why Fortran remains the premiere language for number crunching .
I first encountered Lahey Fortran in its 16 - bit guise , back around 1986 .
I had been trying to sell my company on the idea of using PC 's for more serious computations , but they tended to still think of them as toys .
The company had a massive , highly computation - intensive covariance analysis program , that had been written in Fortran and ran on a DEC VAX - 11/780 .
To back up my claim that the PC was for serious number - crunching , I was challenged to convert the analysis program to run on a true PC / AT ( 1 Mb RAM , all of 6M Hz clock .
The only concession I got was a hardware math chip ) .
After some shopping around , I chose Lahey Fortran mainly for its ability to compile quickly and generate tight code .
The program took some tinkering to get it to compile under Lahey .
The first time I compiled it , I got hundreds of error messages .
After tracking them down , it turned out that every single one was a legitimate error .
Lahey had flagged programming errors , mostly type mismatches like implicit and inadvertent double - to - real conversions , that the DEC compiler had blithely accepted .
In several cases , it flagged variables that were set but never used , and , worse yet , variables that were used but never set .
Once the bugs had all been corrected , the program compiled without a hitch .
Interestingly enough , not only was it small enough to run in the AT 's 640k RAM space ( the DEC version had been 1.5 Mb ) , but it also ran 2 - 3 times FASTER than on the VAX .
In bringing this system up and working out the bugs , I had occasion to call Lahey several times .
I always found them to be extremely responsive and helpful , and the compiler itself was absolutely bulletproof .
In the world of PC software in 1986 ( or 2000 , for that matter ) , I found this a refreshing state of affairs .
About a year later , Tyler Sperry , editor of Computer Language , asked me Magazine , to review the current crop of 32 - bit Fortran compilers .
I think I reviewed seven compilers , all told , and gave each an ordinal rating .
Some of the other compilers clearly were mere ports from the VAX world , and it showed .
The worst of them crashed and burned on some of my benchmarks .
Others were so difficult to use I simply set them aside .
Lahey came out the clear victor , not just because of its speed and reliability , but also because it was nicely integrated with a development environment .
Not surprisingly , from my experience both before and since , the compiler itself was rock solid .
I 've come to expect nothing less from Lahey .
This review became something of a cult classic because I pulled no punches ; I told things as they were .
Needless to say , Tyler took a lot of flak from the vendors I 'd rated low .
One told him that their sales had been cut in half .
But Tyler stuck to his editorial guns and refused to bend to pressures to retract any of my comments .
Interestingly enough , other software vendors - the ones who had good products , and knew it - found the approach a refreshing breath of fresh air .
More than one told Tyler they wanted the magazine to review their product also , but only if I agreed to do the review .
I found that attitude a most uplifting one .
Before closing , I should mention one other outstanding feature of Fortran :
It changes .
Other languages , like Algol and PL / 1 , have come and gone .
Fortran is much more dynamic than C or Pascal ; it continues to evolve , and change to meet new concepts like objects .
That is a great part of its power .
But most of all , Fortran has never forgotten its roots :
It still remains a language for crunching numbers .
And Windows programming to the contrary , sometimes its number crunching that we need .
Jack W. Crenshaw holds a Ph.D. in Physics from Auburn University .
He has spent over 40 years in the aerospace program , beginning with seminal work on Project Apollo .
He is currently a senior principal design engineer for ATK , Inc. , a defense contractor .
He does math - intensive software and system design .
He is a contributing editor for Embedded Systems Programming Magazine , and his popular column , " Programmer 's Toolbox , " has enjoyed an 8 - year run with no signs of letup .
He is a sometimes president of Crenshaw Technologies , a software / systems consulting firm , and his book , " Software Toolbox for Embedded Systems , " is due for release in August .
In his " spare " time , Crenshaw raises ducks and chickens , and helps to rehabilitate wild orphan baby birds and animals of all kinds .
Lahey and Canaima Partnership
( Back to Contents ) Canaima Software and Lahey Computer Systems have entered into a partnership to market f90SQL - Pro. Nick Vogel of Canaima Software notes , " Since the emphasis of our company is software development and consulting , it made sense to enter into an agreement with a partner to handle marketing , sales and distribution .
We anticipate that this change will increase the service and convenience to you , our customer . "
f90SQL is a library of functions and subroutines that works as an interface between your Fortran programs and the Microsoft Windows Open Database Connectivity ( ODBC ) API .
f90SQL offers a convenient and familiar way to manipulate many database formats directly from your Fortran program .
Supported database and spreadsheet formats include : Excel , Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 , Microsoft Access , Fox Pro , Paradox , Oracle , Sybase , Ingres , Informix , and Microsoft SQL - Server .
As long as the application offers an ODBC interface to its data files , f90SQL lets you manipulate data to the native application 's format directly from your Fortran programs .
The next release of f90SQL will include the new f90SQL Wizard .
The f90SQL Wizard is a set of utilities that helps you build your f90SQL applications .
The Wizard includes the following utilities : DB Explorer : A database browser that you can use to check the ODBC Data Sources installed in your system , as well as the tables and fields in a database .
SQL Editor : The SQL Editor is useful for writing and executing SQL queries against an ODBC database .
You can write queries , check the syntax of your SQL statements , and see the results returned by the query .
Query Assistant : With the Query Assistant you may create queries by selecting tables and columns using a Graphical User Interface .
You can check the syntax of your queries and see the results from the query .
When you are satisfied , you can ask the Query Assistant to generate an SQL statement that can be included in your f90SQL programs .
Module Wizard : With the Module Wizard you can write a Fortran program to access your data in less than 10 minutes .
The Module Wizard receives your SQL statement and generates a Fortran module that takes care of the database access details .
Once you have the module , all you need to do is USE the module in your main program and call a few functions .
Stay tuned .
We 'll let you know when f90SQL v2.0 is available .
Winteracter Enhancements
( Back to Contents ) Winteracter v2.20 is now available !
( Actually , it 's been available since November 26 , 1999 . )
If you havent upgraded to the latest version of Winteracter yet , you are missing out .
Upgrades from earlier releases include a new manual with loads of new features : Graphoria emulation
The emulation of Lahey 's Graphoria library ( of F77L and EM / 32 fame ) has been extended .
HelpEd
HelpEd is the newest addition to an already extensive set of visual development tools .
Need to create Windows help files for your program ?
Use HelpEd to create and edit a topic list and an optional contents file .
You can prepare help topic text using the built - in RTF editor ( see Text Editor below ) and build the finished help file from within HelpEd .
Text Editor
The built - in text editor now offers RTF ( Rich Text Format ) support for font style and formatting control .
The editor includes a new print option .
Graphics Primitives
Full 24 - bit color is now available .
You can directly specify a 24 - bit RGB value allowing up to 16 million simultaneous colors in Windows GDI , PostScript , PCX , BMP , CGM , Draw , PCL , and ESC / P2 output .
There 's also a new graduated color fill primitive , IgrPolygonGrad , that takes advantage of 24 - bit color control .
Line width control is available in screen output in addition to hardcopy .
Bitmap Files
The routines that save PCX and BMP files from raw data and from a virtual raster have both been extended to support the 24 - bit color file formats .
You can display PCX files of any color depth ( previously only 256 - color files could be viewed ) .
On 16 - , 24 - , and 32 - bit video drivers , PCX screen image files are now saved in 24 - bit color mode .
Graphics Import
IGrReplayArea allows you to zoom in on a specified area of an image when importing HP - GL , HP - GL/2 , CGM and PIC files .
24 - bit color information is reproduced when importing HP - GL/2 , CGM , WMF and HP - GL files .
IGrLoadImage now automatically recognizes the input file type ( PCX or BMP ) .
Presentation Graphics
Marker frequency can now be specified on line plots .
Text - labeling on scale points is available on 3D surface and scatter plots .
User scaling is available on histogram X axes and bar - chart Y axes .
3D surface plots allow for transparent tiles .
The number of decimal points in scale values can be enforced .
And plotting speed in 2D fill - based contour plots is substantially improved when a granularity value greater than one is requested .
Whew !
Windows
You can now open child windows in a hidden state thereby delaying their appearance until converted to a text editor or bitmap viewer .
You can now specify the border style of each field in a status bar .
Memory Bitmaps
The bitmap put and get routines now operate on the current " drawable " rather than simply the current window .
This allows bitmaps to be displayed in dialog fields and bitmap - to - bitmap copying .
Dialogs
You can specify the color of specific columns , rows , or cells grid controls .
The cut and copy facility in grid controls is extended to support multiple rows and columns .
The currently selected tab in a tab control can now be interrogated directly .
You can selectively disable individual tabs in a tab control .
Fields can be selectively hidden at run-time .
A common dialog is included for text file printing .
PlotConv
PCX files of any color depth can be viewed , printed , and converted .
The picture field no longer requires a ( potentially slow ) redraw when exposed .
Printing options are extended with greater control over PostScript , HP - GL , and HP - GL / 2 output .
So , what is Winteracter anyway ?
Winteracter is a 32 - bit Windows user - interface and graphics package for Fortran 9x developers .
It 's available on Windows 9x , NT , and 2000 for all the major Fortran 9 x compilers .
Winteracter is developed by Interactive Software Services Ltd. and available from Lahey .
Click on Products at http://www.lahey.com to check it out .
Put a Windows front on that old Fortran code .
GINO for Linux
( Back to Contents ) GINO is the name of a collection of portable graphics and GUI development tools available on a wide range of platforms including Win95 / Win98 / Win2000 / NT , Linux , UNIX and OpenVMS .
GINO products offer everything from simple line - drawings to complex fully - interactive three - dimensional applications with a fully - featured GUI front - end .
GINO -F Bundle for Linux Following on from the release of Lahey LF95 Linux Express , GINO -F Bundle has now been ported to LF95 Linux Express .
The GINO -F Bundle under Linux comprises GINO F v4.3 , GINOGRAF v4.2 , GINOSURF v3.2 and GINOMENU v3.1 ( compatible with GINOMENU under UNIX ) .
GINOMENU v3.1 provides a unique programmable GUI with emulation styles of Windows 3.1 , Windows 95 and MOTIF available .
The Bundle is supplied with drivers for X - Windows , Postscript and JPEG and other drivers such as HPGL2 , HP - Paintjet , Epson and Canon are also available .
The GINO-F Bundle for Linux is routine - name compatible with the GINO -F Bundle for Windows providing seamless portability of applications between the two platforms .
Price : $ 2100 ( $ 1470 for educational license . )
GINOMENU v4.0 for Windows Tabbed Dialog Box
A new tabbed dialog box ( or property sheet ) can now be displayed , and automatic scroll bars are provided if too many tabs are defined for the visible area .
Tree Views
Create hierarchical selection structures with the new Tree View widget ..
Dockable Toolbars
Toolbars can float or be docked .
Bubble help
Bubble help can now be attached to most widget types and when the mouse pauses over the widget , the text can be displayed either as a standard bubble or displayed in the status bar .
Mouse - sensitive Icons
Icons can now be set to mouse - sensitive and therefore can have three associated images ; greyed - out , unselected and selected .
Panel Backgrounds
An enhancement to the panel widget allows users to set a background image to the widget using a resource bitmap .
Security Text
A new security text type has been added which echoes ' xxxx ' when text is entered .
Price : $ 2100 ( $ 1470 for educational license . )
Special Offer
Attendees of the F95 / GINO Workshop qualify for significant discounts on GINO products .
Read the notice in this newsletter for details .
Using LF95 Linux Express with Linux Clusters
( Back to Contents ) Linux versus Windows
What is the fastest way to start an argument ?
Religion ?
Politics ?
No , if you really want to spice things up just ask , " What is better , Windows or Linux ? "
Then step back -- you are sure to get a spirited answer .
Each operating system has features that attract loyal , enthusiastic followers .
Windows users will point to ease of use and main stream acceptance as the main attractions of Windows .
Linux users will counter that the open architecture and performance of Linux make it the operating system of choice .
We hear anecdotal reports that Fortran compilers perform better under Linux than Windows on single processor systems .
The reasons cited vary such as the way Linux handles disk I/O or the memory limitations of Windows .
We decided to get an expert opinion on the subject .
Dr. John Appleyard of Polyhedron performs benchmarks on all the major Fortran compilers for both Windows and Linux .
The plusFORT analysis package produced by Polyhedron is the industry standard for analysis tools .
According to Dr. Appleyard , " My own view is that for most Fortran related tasks , the two O/ Ss give similar performance .
Our benchmarks , which emphasize CPU and memory speed , appear to confirm that .
Differences may be more apparent in areas such as web - hosting and transaction processing , which require more from the operating system . "
Linux Express
The debate will no doubt continue .
On one point , though , there is no debate .
The new LF95 Express for Linux has been enthusiastically accepted by the Linux community .
For the first time , Linux power users have a high performance Fortran compiler for a price of only $ 249 .
We have received gratifying testimonials from all over the globe .
A typical response comes from the University of Helsinki , an institute that ought to know a little bit about Linux .
" That was quick !
We did receive LF95 next day !
We have now installed the first two of them and our first impression is very positive .
Compared to Gnu g77 ( which we used before ) LF95 is several times more effective and the debugging information is excellent .
Installation was also very straightforward . "
Jukka Piironen , Department of Astronomy , University of Helsinki MPICH for Linux
There is one feature of Linux that has a clear edge over Windows .
MPICH is an implementation of MPI ( message passing interface ) that allows Linux LF95 Express users to create parallel applications that can run on more that one processor .
Knowledgeable users have successfully installed Express on their Linux cluster .
" Linux Express was easily installed on our K7 Beowulf .
With the complete [ online ] manuals provided by Lahey , the learning curve was extremely short .
Performance using Linux Express versus g77 has significantly increased . "
Richard C. Martineau , Staff Scientist , Idaho National Engineering & Environmental Laboratory
We have reports of people using LF95 with MPICH on 64 - node systems , with faster performance than other Fortran compilers .
The word is spreading fast .
We have received requests to document the process to use LF95 Express with MPICH .
By popular demand here is the process : Code and documentation for MPICH can be downloaded from http://www-unix.mcs.anl.gov/mpi/mpich .
Once the package has been downloaded and unzipped , it can easily be configured for use with LF95 by using the configure script in the ~ / mpich directory .
Documentation for configure can be viewed by issuing the command : ./ configure - help | more .
Configuring MPICH for LF95 is straightforward , from the ~ / mpich directory , issue the command : ./ configure - fc=lf95 - f90=lf95 .
This command will set lf95 as both the Fortran 77 compiler and the Fortran 90 compiler .
It will find and test lf95 and generate a makefile to direct the actual building of MPICH .
Before running make , the output of configure should be inspected for errors , and any problems found should be resolved .
When we configured MPICH on our Redhat 6.0 system , no errors occurred .
If errors are encountered , they most likely will involve older versions of packages required by MPICH .
Downloading the latest stable version of the package in question will likely fix the problem .
Once configuration is complete , you can build MPICH by typing make .
If the configure was successful , it is most likely the make will proceed without a hitch .
Once the make is complete , you may have to modify a couple of files .
The first is machines .
LINUX in the ~ / mpich / util / machines directory .
This file should contain the domain name of every machine that will run your program , with one name per line .
To start with , this file will only contain the name of the machine building MPICH , repeated several times .
MPICH will run multiple jobs on the same machine if it is listed more than once .
The second file that needs to be created or modified is the hosts .
equiv file in the /etc directory of every machine that will run MPICH .
This file should contain the domain name of the machine that contains MPICH .
Each node must have the LD_LIBRARY_PATH set with the path to the LF95 runtime libraries resident on the machine that has MPICH installed .
A set of test routines comes with MPICH that can be used to validate the installation .
Some simple tests are in the ~ / mpich / examples / basic directory .
You need to first build the fortran examples with the make utility .
Do this with the commands make fpi and make fibon .
You can run the examples using mpirun .
For example , mpirun - np 4 fpi will run the fpi program on four processors .
A more extensive test suite is in the ~ / mpich / examples / test directory .
These need to be configured with the command ./ configure - cc=mpicc - fc=mpif77 .
You can then run the test suite by issuing the command make testing .
Note that the test routines are still under development , and some difficulties might occur .
If problems arise , first make sure you have the most up - to - date version , then contact the MPICH developers at mpi-maint@mcs.anl.gov for assistance .
Although you can use MPICH on systems with a variety of characteristics , performance is best when all the machines have identical hardware and software configurations , as in a Beowolf cluster .
This greatly simplifies the problem of load balancing  deciding which machine gets the next piece of the job .
When different hardware and software are used , the slowest machine will dictate performance .
MPICH provides a significant breakthrough in the availability and cost of high performance computing .
LF95 and MPICH , when used with a larger cluster can provide supercomputing capabilities at a fraction of the cost of todays supercomputers .
Technical Support Policy
( Back to Contents ) Technical Support
If you have n't already noticed we have made a few changes to Technical Support in the last few months .
These changes have been implemented in an attempt to improve the quality of the Technical Support we provide to our customers .
We 'll continue to offer FREE e-mail , fax , and postal mail support on current product releases .
Free support will continue to be available for previous versions of a product for 60 days after the release of a new version .
Technical Support Policy
To expedite support services , we prefer to process queries via e-mail .
E-mail communications receive higher priority service because of the speed that it allows us to communicate and the level of detail that can be provided quickly .
We realize that when you have a problem you want help as fast as possible .
The best way to ensure optimum response is to provide the following information with your problem .
Registered user name
Registered serial number
Product title and version ( for example LF95 v5.5 )
Patch level ( for example h patch )
Operating system ( for example Windows 98 or Redhat Linux v6.0 )
A short source code example
This will allow us to reproduce the problem .
Please make sure the source code is as short as possible to allow us to analyze your issue quickly .
Attach the source code file to your e-mail to support@lahey.com .
Third - party products used
If you are using an add - on library ( such as W interacter ) or productivity tool ( such as Visual Analyzer ) , provide the name and version of this product .
If your application is mixed - language ( such as Fortran and Visual Basic ) , provide the name and version of the non-Fortran language system .
) or productivity tool ( such as Visual Analyzer ) , provide the name and version of this product .
If your application is mixed - language ( such as Fortran and Visual Basic ) , provide the name and version of the non-Fortran language system .
System environment settings
To save your environment variables in a text file , go to a command prompt and redirect the output of the SET command to a file : SET > SETCMD.OUT
Attach the SETCMD.OUT file to your e-mail to support@lahey.com .
Step - by - step problem description
Tell us the sequence of commands or buttons used that lead up to the problem occurring .
Remember , if we can't reproduce it , we can't fix it for you .
Compiler , linker , or Make / Automake messages .
While simply typing the complete error message is always an option , you can save extensive messages to a text file to send to us , if that is easier .
To save the messages as a text file , from the command line redirect the command output as in the following example : your_command_line >
CMD.OUT
Attach the CMD.OUT file to your e-mail to support@lahey.com .
If you are using the ED editor , run your compile command and attach the ERRS . * file of the working directory to your e-mail to support@lahey.com .
Exact text of error message or Window message box .
Support is provided free to solve problems with our products , and to answer questions on how to use Lahey products .
Support personnel are not available to teach programming , debug programs , or answer questions about the use of non-Lahey products or tools ( such as MS Windows , MS Visual Basic , etc. ) .
These services are provided on a paid consulting basis .
In our effort to provide better technical support , we will continue to streamline our procedures to meet the changing needs of our customers .
Our goal is to automate the tech support process as much as possible in order to provide the fastest , most complete response possible to as many customers as possible .
We will also be extensively modifying the FAQ section of our web site .
By expanding and organizing this resource , many problems may be immediately resolved .
Currently , e-mail requests for support allow us to organize an efficient tech support department and allow for quick turnaround time if the pertinent information is provided .
Furthermore , e-mail is the most cost affective way for our customers to communicate with us .
Our porting services and consulting contracts are always available to help you to solve difficult technical challenges or to get your Fortran projects finished .
Tech Support Tips
( Back to Contents )
We 've compiled a list of hints and suggestions in question and answer form that may be helpful to you .
These topics range from commonly asked questions about printers to undocumented switches .
We hope you find them useful .
Q. Why does ED fail to print my source files ?
A . A few of our customers have run into problems when using ED to print file contents .
Luckily , there is an " easy " solution to most of these problems .
If when printing from ED you get any of the following scenarios : " Program Error " or " Stack overflow " error message displayed by Windows , or
" This program has performed an illegal operation & will be shut down .
If the problem persists , contact the program vendor " error message displayed by Windows , or
A string of messages like , " config.ces not found , " " ed_exit.ces not found , " " win_bar.ces not found , " or " stat_bar.ces not found " in the ED status bar .
You 're due for a new printer driver .
First try and get an updated printer driver for your specific printer .
Try the your printer manufacturer 's web site or Microsoft 's web site .
Many times this happens only if you use the Font or Appearance dialogs before printing .
If a new printer driver does not resolve the problem and you need to use the Font or Appearance dialogs then first change to a plain printer , start ED , select the printer and change the font / appearance options as required .
Then close ED again .
This will ensure the options are saved .
When you start ED again , select the real printer and only use Print ( not Font / Appearance ) and it should work .
Another method is to make changes via the Font or Appearance dialog , print to a file to save these changes , then print to the desired printer .
Q. My program compiles without error but at runtime I get an EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION , why ?
A. An EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION
error at runtime usually means that the program is trying to access memory not allocated to it .
To help you determine where and why it is doing this , try compiling the source with - chk and - trace .
This should provide more detail at runtime , including the location of the syntax that is causing the error and the variable using more memory than it has been allocated .
Q. Is there a way to limit the checking done with the - chk compiler option ?
A . As is , the - chk compile option switch will check for 1 ) array and string subscript bounds violations , 2 ) agreement of type in dummy arguments , 3 ) array shape conformance , and 4 ) undefined variables .
An equivalent to - chk is the undocumented switch - lfe " - Hsaeu " .
Note that this switch is case - sensitive .
The functionality of this switch can be broken down in the following fashion : s - check array subscripts ( bounds )
a - check dummy argument agreement
e - check shape conformance
u - check for undefined variables
Using this alternative allows you to select which of the four checks should be done at runtime and to control how much slower your executable will run .
For example , if you want to check for everything but undefined variables to avoid a known and accepted runtime error , compile with - lfe " - Hsae " .
To check only for array bounds checking use - lfe " - Hs " .
To check only for dummy argument agreement , use - lfe " - Ha " .
To check both , use - lfe " - Hsa " .
Similarly " - He " can be used to check shape conformance , and " - Hu " will check undefined variables .
These switches can be used alone or in combination .
So , the following is a valid command line that will check for both undefined variables and array bounds : lf95 source .f90 - lfe " - Hu " - lfe " - Hs " Q .
Why do I get linker errors for valid Windows API functions when compiling with - ml winapi ?
A. Many WinAPI functions are not supported by win32mod .
There is an alternative which make available all of the WinAPI functions supported by Kernel32 routines .
If you compile with - ml bc instead of - ml winapi you can access Kernel 32 routines .
Doing so should allow you to link any WinAPI functions declared in your source with the INTEGER and DLL_IMPORT statements .
Q. How can I print directly to a printer from the LF95 runtime ?
A . The following information has been collected regarding printing directly from the LF95 runtime to a printer .
To send information to a printer via a WRITE or PRINT statement you will have to create a link between an I/O unit number and the printer via an OPEN statement .
The name of the file in the OPEN statement will depend on how the printer is connected to the operating system , via a direct cable connection or via a network .
Please see the details for each scenario below .
Local Printer :
If the printer is connected directly to the PC , use file= ' prn ' in the OPEN statement .
It is not necessary to capture the printer port when printing to a local printer .
Example : open ( 11 , file= 'prn ' )
Note , if file = ' LPT1 ' is used for a local printer LF95 will generate multiple copies of the output and a Bad File Number I / O error at runtime ( after all executable statements ) .
Network Printer :
If the printer is connected via a network use file = ' lpt1 ' in the OPEN statement , and capture the printer port via Windows .
Example : open ( 11 , file= ' LPT1 ')
Note , if file= ' prn ' is used for a network printer the executable can generate large amounts of ' garbage ' to be printed .
Before you can write to a printer port from windows for a network connected printer , you must first set up a " capture " of the printer port .
See your Windows documentation for details .
Q. How can I control form feeds when printing directly to a printer from the LF95 runtime ?
A . If you want to control form feeds when writing directly to a printer specify carriagecontrol= ' fortran ' in the OPEN statement .
open ( 11 , file= ' LPT1 ', carriagecontrol=' fortran ')
To force a form feed use the following format specifier , without the backslash as with previous versions of the compiler , " ( ' 1 ' ) " .
5 format ( ' 1 ' )
write ( 11 , fmt= " ( ' 1 ' ) " )
Q. I have LF90 code that calls the Windows API .
What do I have to do to use it with LF95 ?
A. Recompile it with LF95 using - ml bc instead of - ml winapi .
You should n't have to change your source code .
Q. When my allocatable arrays become very large , why does program execution slow down dramatically ?
A . When a program starts to use more memory space than there is physical RAM available , the system starts " paging " and stores parts of the executing program on disk .
Since the amount of time needed to access a disk is much greater than the time needed to access RAM , a significant slowdown occurs .
Q. Why do I have to use the DLL_IMPORT command to reference a DLL_EXPORT ed subroutine within my DLL code .
A . The DLL_IMPORT command must be used because the exported subroutine or function name must be " decorated " to match the convention of the target system .
The DLL_IMPORT declaration tells the compiler a subroutine will need to use the same decorations when calling an exported routine .
Q. I just read the question and answer above .
What does decorated mean ?
A. Decorate means to add a prefix or suffix to a procedure name in the object code to uniquely identify the name .
Q. My Linux program always stops when it encounters NDP exceptions .
How can I make it continue processing ?
A . Use the runtime switch " - Wl , - i " as an argument when executing your program .
To always use this switch , set the environment variable FORT90L = " - Wl , - I " .
Q .
My older program makes calls to the Lahey Video Graphics Library ( LVGL ) .
Does LF95 Standard or PRO support LVGL ?
A. Yes !
The WiSK gui library bundled with LF95 Standard and PRO contains an emulation of the LVGL .
To pull in the LVGL emulation , use the - wisk switch when linking .
When running the program , the graphics output may look different than the original program .
This is mainly due to the emulation being Windows API based rather than DOS interrupt based .
Q. I want to run LF95 on one computer and create MPICH parallel programs that run across multiple computers .
Do I have to buy a license for each computer ?
A . No , as long as you run LF95 only on the one computer .
You do n't need additional licenses to run programs you create .
Q. In what movie did a Lahey language system first appear ?
A. Contact , starring Jodie Foster .
CoEx Program Retired
( Back to Contents ) What
All good things must come to an end .
As of April 1 , the Lahey Corporate Express ( CoEx ) program has been phased out .
No new memberships will be accepted .
Existing memberships will not be renewed .
Currently enrolled members will be offered a choice of exit options .
These choices are : Accept a free LF95 Express .
You have the option of either LF95 Express for Windows or LF95 Express for Linux .
( Shipping will be paid by Lahey . )
Continue to keep their CoEx active until they receive the next version of LF95 .
Their subscriptions will be extended until the next release .
Why
The long running Lahey Corporate Express program was first introduced in the 1980's .
Lahey compilers were first appearing on little computers called " personal computers . "
IBM picked an operating system called DOS from a little known software company in the state of Washington called Microsoft to run their little computers .
In response to customer requests , Lahey introduced the Corporate Express program to allow Lahey customers to receive new updates promptly without the annoyance of going through the usual approval / purchasing cycle .
This service was appropriate for that era .
How the times have changed !
Microsoft has long since passed IBM in size and stature .
DOS has become Windows 2000 .
An open architecture named after a 21 - year - old student from the University of Helsinki has become the latest contender for operating system of choice .
The hardware in those little computers has grown in performance and sophistication to levels unimagined in the 1980's .
The evolution of operating systems and hardware configurations shows no signs of slowing down as the new century begins .
Future software from Lahey will be as varied and diverse as the computer industry itself .
No single release , service , or feature can adequately address the requirements of our widening customer base .
Rather than automatically distributing a new software release to CoEx members , we prefer to give them the freedom to choose which update is of value to them .
What now
CoEx members should contact Lahey at sales@lahey.com with their choice of options as described above .
Please be sure to include your serial number and your current address in order to expedite your request .
If you have any questions about your account or the CoEx program do n't hesitate to ask .
One thing that has n't changed over the years 
Lahey 's commitment to our customers .
Doctorow and Stross to Write Authorized Sequel to Atlas Shrugged
by L. Ron Creepweans  posted @ 4/01/2010 12:01:00 AM
PT
Today the estate of Ayn Rand announced that they had authorized science fiction writers Charles Stross and Cory Doctorow to write an official sequel to Rand 's bestselling novel Atlas Shrugged .
" Given that the original novel features an amazing new metal alloy , a secret valley protected by force field , and an unlimited new energy source , we felt that a science fiction perspective was key to carrying forward Ayn Rand 's ideas , " said Rand estate spokesman Perry Leikoff .
" And what better science fiction writers to chose than two collaborators who were also past winners of the Prometheus Award given out by the Libertarian Futurist Society ? "
Stross , author of the Prometheus Award - winning novel Glasshouse , said that he and Doctorow ( author of the Prometheus Award - winning novel Little Brother ) were hesitant at first .
" But then we realized that both of us shared one important trait with Ayn Rand : all three of us really , really like money .
That made it much easier for Cory and I to cash the seven figure check . "
The sequel , Atlas Rebound , features the teenage children of the founders of Galt's Gulch rebelling against their elders and traveling out into a world devastated by John Galt 's strike , where they develop their own political philosophy with which to rebuild .
That philosophy , called Rejectivism , features a centralized bureau to rebuild and control the new economy , socialized medicine , compulsory labor unions , universal mass transportation and a ban on individual automobiles , collectivized farms , a tightly planned industrial economy , extensive art subsidies , subsidized power , government control of the means of production , public housing , universal public education , a ban on personal ownership of gold and silver ( as well as all tobacco products ) , government - issued fiat money , the elimination of all patents and copyrights , and a cradle - to - grave social welfare system .
" Plus strong encryption ! " added Doctorow .
After 1,200 pages ( 80 of which consist of Supreme Leader Karla Galt - Taggart 's triumphant address ) , a new Utopia is born .
The final scene of the novel features the grateful citizens of the new world order building a giant statue of Atlas with the globe restored to his shoulders , upon the base of which is chiseled " From Each According to His Ability / To Each According To His Needs . "
In other Rand - related news , editor David Hartwell ( who lives in nearby Pleasantville ) reported a weird humming emanating from the grave Rand shares with her husband Frank O'Conner in Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla , New York .
Said Hartwell : " I think she 's become a Dean Drive . "
Today the estate of Ayn Rand announced that they had authorized science fiction writers Charles Stross and Cory Doctorow to write an official sequel to Rand 's bestselling novel " Given that the original novel features an amazing new metal alloy , a secret valley protected by force field , and an unlimited new energy source , we felt that a science fiction perspective was key to carrying forward Ayn Rand 's ideas , " said Rand estate spokesman Perry Leikoff .
" And what better science fiction writers to chose than two collaborators who were also past winners of the Prometheus Award given out by the Libertarian Futurist Society ?
" Stross , author of the Prometheus Award - winning novel , said that he and Doctorow ( author of the Prometheus Award - winning novel ) were hesitant at first .
" But then we realized that both of us shared one important trait with Ayn Rand : all three of us really , really like money .
That made it much easier for Cory and I to cash the seven figure check .
"
The sequel , , features the teenage children of the founders of Galt's Gulch rebelling against their elders and traveling out into a world devastated by John Galt 's strike , where they develop their own political philosophy with which to rebuild .
That philosophy , called Rejectivism , features a centralized bureau to rebuild and control the new economy , socialized medicine , compulsory labor unions , universal mass transportation and a ban on individual automobiles , collectivized farms , a tightly planned industrial economy , extensive art subsidies , subsidized power , government control of the means of production , public housing , universal public education , a ban on personal ownership of gold and silver ( as well as all tobacco products ) , government - issued fiat money , the elimination of all patents and copyrights , and a cradle - to - grave social welfare system .
" Plus strong encryption ! " added Doctorow .
After 1,200 pages ( 80 of which consist of Supreme Leader Karla Galt - Taggart 's triumphant address ) , a new Utopia is born .
The final scene of the novel features the grateful citizens of the new world order building a giant statue of Atlas with the globe restored to his shoulders , upon the base of which is chiseled " From Each According to His Ability / To Each According To His Needs .
"
In other Rand - related news , editor David Hartwell ( who lives in nearby Pleasantville ) reported a weird humming emanating from the grave Rand shares with her husband Frank O'Conner in Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla , New York .
Said Hartwell : " I think she 's become a Dean Drive . "
Labels : April 1st  posted @ 4/01/2010 12:01:00 AM
PT
How to Predict Sighting Opportunities for Shuttle Landings
One of our long - time Flight Dynamics Officers , Bill Tracy , developed a program that makes it easy to predict space shuttle or space station sightings .
The Skywatch mini-application lets you select the spacecraft you want to see , and then pick your location on the ground by city or zip code .
Because it uses the latest tracking data from Mission Control , Skywatch can even predict sighting opportunities for shuttles that are racing overhead toward landing .
To use the mini-application , go to : Human Spaceflight Website Sighting Opportunities Then click on “ START APPLET ” pointed out by the Rainbow - colored arrow shown on this screen shot .
SkyWatch 2.0 AppletNext , under “ SATELLITE , ” you ’ll need to select the landing opportunity orbit number , in this case the arrow is pointing to our first opportunity in Florida .
SkyWatch 2.0 AppletThen , select your city from the list , or select your zip code , or zoom in by clicking on the map of your state .
SkyWatch 2.0 AppletFor example , here ’s what the sightings chart for Wichita , Kansas , would look like for our first Kennedy Space Center landing opportunity Monday morning .
Shuttle Entry Sighting
Vintage car concepts have become rather popular today and that ’s why we continue the series about retro cars from the fabulous 50’s .
Today ’s collection features the stunning items from that period that will take your breath away .
These stunning vehicles were designed as futuristic examples of the car manufacture and gained the vast popularity because they spoke for the technical progress .
Some of them are still exhibited at various car shows and catch the attention of the enthusiasts .
The most striking examples of the car concepts from the past you can find in this post .
Admire them !
***
1954 Pontiac Bonneville
***
1950 Buick Wildcat II
***
1950 Buick XP - 300
***
1950 General Motors Futurliner Bus
***
1959 Stingray Special Racer
***
1955 Ghia Gilda Streamline X Coupe Turbine - Powered
***
1955 GM Firebird II
***
1955 Lancia Aurelia Nardi Vignale Blue - Ray
***
1956 Buick Centurion
***
1950 Buick Le Sabre
***
1954 Ford FX Atmos
The new NofNA arc , Lycosa , officially begins .
Due to the alien nature of spiders and their kin , I have prepared a quick primer for Lycosa designed to demystify their world .
By reading the following pages , spiders will seem a little less weird and a little more like everything else living .
Please enjoy the arc .
THE federal government is preparing to announce that it will not create a human rights act for Australia despite the recommendations of a report it commissioned last year .
The Attorney - General , Robert McClelland , is planning to outline the government 's response to the report , by a human rights consultation committee headed by the Jesuit lawyer Father Frank Brennan , in a National Press Club speech on Wednesday .
Robert McClelland ... sidestep .
Credit : James Davies
Sources say he is likely to promise improved parliamentary scrutiny of new laws for human rights issues , the addition of human rights to the national schools curriculum , and increased funding and functions for the Australian Human Rights Commission .
But , as predicted , the government appears set to sidestep the key reform - a bill or charter of rights - because cabinet is divided on its political implications .
SMASHED HITS
Classic pop , reappraised by the Magazine
Written to woo an underage girl , My Sharona , sung by Doug Fieger , who died this week , has been linked to everyone from George Bush to Girls Aloud .
How did a disposable song with hidden swearing prove so enduring , and who was Sharona ?
First come the jerky loud tom - toms , then the leaping loud bass , then the choppy and very loud guitar .
My Sharona was the biggest American hit of 1979 and remains instantly recognisable .
SONG STATS Written by Doug Fieger and Berton Averre Recorded April 1979 , MCA Whitney From first album Get The Knack UK number six ( June 1979 ) Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Knack singer Doug Fieger dead Lead singer Doug Fieger , then 27 , had been in a series of groups and tended , he said , to write " nasty songs about girls I know " .
The debut single for his new band The Knack , one of these was for Sharona Alperin , a 16 - year - old schoolgirl at Los Angeles 's Fairfax High who was introduced to Fieger by his then - girlfriend .
" She had an overpowering scent , " he recalled in 1994 , " and it drove me crazy . "
With the age of consent being 18 in California , you might expect My Sharona to be one of those songs that hides its intentions in coded language .
Not a bit of it .
" Never gonna stop , give it up , such a dirty mind , " goes the first verse .
" I always get it up for the touch of the younger kind . "
Unlikely subject matter for a number one perhaps , but in 1979 Capitol Records had decided to develop a huge band , and The Knack were launched with every trick in the music biz book : tall tales of bidding wars , record sleeves that pointedly recalled The Beatles and a producer with a impeccable track record - Mike Chapman , the man behind Suzi Quatro , The Sweet and Blondie .
Chapman recorded the song fast and cheap , with one addition to the band : Sharona herself .
" I thought she looked about 14 , " a studio engineer told Sound On Sound magazine , recalling how Alperin joined them and how Chapman sneaked in a swear word .
Fieger and Alperin at a Bee Gees concert , LA , 1979 Everyone present was asked to add a chanted background vocal , very low in the mix , which consisted of the " F " word followed by " - a - me " .
Capitol then made the recording ubiquitous ; the single , with Alperin on the sleeve , went on to sell 10 million copies and The Knack toured extensively , during which Fieger sent Alperin a ticket to join him in Hawaii .
" We were together for a long time after that , " he told the Sydney Sun Herald .
" We lived together in Los Angeles for four - and - a - half years and I wrote a lot of songs about her . " ' Knuke The Knack ' Meanwhile , the song divided opinion .
Like most monster hits , its influence spread beyond the charts , with " Honk If You 've Slept With Sharona " bumper stickers adorning Californian cars .
LA impresario Kim Fowley attributes its party anthem status to a hostility towards disco : " The Knack made it because the heterosexual white audience found out that everyone in disco was gay . "
NOTABLE VERSIONS ' Weird Al ' Yankovic ( accordion ) Dead Kennedys ( as My Payola ) Leningrad Cowboys ( heavy metal ) Dandy Warhols ( spoken word ) KT Tunstall ( female duet ) The Knack ( on revival show Hit Me Baby One More Time )
The music press was not kind to the band , portraying them as a marketing exercise in sanitised punk , and " Knuke The Knack " T - shirts began to appear and were briefly worn by the band before they decided the joke was n't funny .
" We were blamed for everything short of Jonestown , " Fieger recalled during their 1986 reunion .
Despite the barbs , the song became a pop culture staple , endlessly parodied and reinterpreted .
First up was indefatigable parodist " Weird Al " Yankovic , whose accordion - powered My Bologna was the beginning of a stream of his food - themed re-writes .
In 1987 , Run-DMC based their rap single It 's Tricky around the My Sharona riff ; 19 years later , The Knack were reported as seeking $ 150,000 from Yahoo , Amazon and Apple for distributing the hip - hop track on the basis that the sample was unauthorised .
The president 's iPod
In the early 1990s two film studios , according to Fieger , approached him on the same day seeking to use My Sharona .
Told he could pick only one , he opted to have the song soundtrack Winona Ryder dancing in Reality Bites .
Fieger said that the alternative - the scene in Pulp Fiction in which Marsellus Wallace is sexually tortured - would have been " hilarious and wonderful " , but that he was " hoping to meet " Ryder .
The Knack at the BBC , 1979 George W Bush raised eyebrows in 2005 when he announced that My Sharona was among the songs on his iPod ; the president 's detractors were quick to quote lines like " Runnin ' down the length of my thigh , Sharona " to illustrate the absence of family values in this celebration of priapic abandon .
Its most recent revival was in Girls Aloud 's No Good Advice , which critic Ben Thompson described as " cannibalising body parts from The Knack 's My Sharona " .
My Sharona has been back on the airwaves this week following Fieger 's death and while it is inconceivable that anyone would hope for a massive hit in 2010 with a song about attraction to underage girls - or boys - that is not in the minds of most listeners or dancers when My Sharona blares out .
What makes it so revivable is its army of hooks and riffs , from its stop / start structure to the Buddy Holly - style stutter .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" We call it the ' golden albatross ' , " said Fieger in 2007 , " but it 's been good to us and afforded me a wonderful lifestyle . "
And what of Sharona ?
The pair broke off their engagement , but remained close .
Alperin is now an estate agent specialising in celebrities ' homes and spent last weekend at Fieger 's deathbed .
" Doug changed my life forever , " she told ABC News .
" He left on Valentine 's Day , a day of heart and love and that was Doug - all heart and love . "
Smashed Hits is compiled by Alan Connor .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
I have a bad habit of changing this song to suit whatever situation I 'm in at the time .
I nearly drove my boyfriend mad on the Barcelona Metro by singing My Girona every time we went through the L4 stop of the same name during a two - week holiday .
After a few days , just humming the riff on the train would send him into a murderous rage .
And that is where the genius of the song lies - in its riff .
The lyrics are puerile fantasy that make little sense , the vocal performance is undistinguished - but that bass line is a visceral thing of beauty .
LL , Leeds
My mum calls it the Helicopter Song as the beat reminds her of the sound inside a helicopter when she made a trip to an oil platform in the North Sea .
James Marshall , Edinburgh " That was Doug - all heart and love . "
I think that 's called grooming .
Laura , London
This affair is no more controversial than Jerry Lee Lewis marrying his cousin when she was only 13 and he was 23 .
I do n't know if he wrote a song about it though .
Ian , Essex Annoyingly catchy song , but for me the best aspect of it was the Dead Kennedys ' send up in Pull My Strings , the song they wrote about being manipulated by their record company - My Pay - ola .
Classic .
JB , Bradford A classic song that will never die .
But how could you not mention the iconic cover version by The Chipmunks ?
Mysturji , Basingstoke
You forgot the My Corona version that was doing the rounds when the beer started to become popular in the States about a decade ago .
James Schulkes , London
It was lame song that unfortunately many ignorant people thought was by the Ramones .
William Johnson - Smith , London I thought it was by the Ramones .
Joe Craig , London Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The author , Rick Keith , center , confronts speaker Karen McConnell , of Ypsilanti , at the April 15th Tea Party rally on the Diag. Lon Horwedel | AnnArbor.com
I attended my second Tea Party in as many years , this time on April 15 , Tax Day , in the Diag , at the center of University of Michigan ’s campus .
With reports of splintering , hijacking and accusations of “ astro - turf , ” I came to see for myself .
I enjoyed several conversations with other protesters , especially one with a young mother holding an “ Atlas Would Shrug ” sign .
We discussed the merits and shortcomings of a flat tax , healthcare reform and the reach of the U.S. military .
We referenced a copy of the Constitution that I brought with me .
Backpack - laden students stood close to hear us speak .
Two remarked on our civility and efforts to find common ground .
What if all political rallies began with a reading from the Constitution ?
According to Jefferson , democracy depends on an educated people .
Instead , we got far less from this Tea Party .
We got cheerleading and misleading .
And I learned that hypocrisy is a “ conservative value . ”
I ’ll prove my case .
The common phrase , “ we ’re all entitled to our opinion ” is logically weak .
An opinion based on fact is superior to one that is not .
And once we express an opinion , we are obligated to defend it .
“ Facts ” do n’t take sides .
Karen McConnell began the event by telling of her love of history , then told a history of the Star Spangled Banner .
After the anthem was sung , McConnell led the crowd in the Pledge of Allegiance .
From the crowd , I called for a history of the Pledge .
No answer .
“ Tell us the history of the Pledge of Allegiance , ” I repeated .
McConnell only stared .
I suspect she knows , or would like to know , that the Pledge was written by a Socialist in 1892 , adopted in 1942 , and last altered during the McCarthy - era , when “ under God ” was added in 1954 .
“ Tell us which Founding Father wrote the Pledge of Allegiance , ” I yelled , this time mocking Sarah Palin ’s past remarks .
Next up , a minister led us in a prayer , that we might retake our country , rescue it from the abuse of this administration .
The minister failed to mention the gospel of Matthew , where Jesus said we must comfort the sick and the poor .
Then a doctoral student in federally funded cancer research , amplified by the federally funded electrical grid , stood on the federally funded university ’s steps to speak ill of the federal government .
Not hypocritical enough , she took the time to praise individuals and private businesses , though they also receive assistance through our education system , business loans and government - funded infrastructure .
Conservative radio talk show host Thayrone X at the April 15th Tea Party rally on the Diag. Lon Horwedel | AnnArbor.com
Thayrone X , a local radio personality , spoke next .
He confused Hank Paulson ’s TARP bank rescue with Obama ’s Stimulus package .
He did n’t mention the Stimulus ’s $ 140 billion tax cuts to the “ We ’re Taxed to Death ” audience , nor the hundreds of billions to create jobs in rebuilding a crumbling infrastructure , increase efficiency and advance new technologies .
Thayrone X compared the Revolutionary War -era tax structure to today ’s , which supports a prosperity - giving infrastructure and far - reaching military .
Thayrone X depicts himself a political Gnostic who “ knows the truth , ” calls for war with Iran , wants to keep America No. 1 by lowering educational and environmental standards and told us that we must vote against “ everyone with a D after their name . ”
Ayn Rand wrote , in order to tear down excellence , one only need to “ elevate mediocrity . ”
Thayrone X complained of corporate taxes .
I yelled , “ What about Exxon ? ”
His quick reply , “ Exxon paid $ 38 billion to foreign governments ” ( wrong ) , brought cheers from Tea Partiers .
With $ 45 billion in profits , inflated because of a trillion - dollar oil war , Exxon paid NO federal tax last year ; instead funneling taxes offshore through 20 subsidiaries ... and the “ We ’re Going Bankrupt ” Tea Partiers cheered .
A hypocrite cheerleading hypocrites .
This is my protest , too .
I remember Ronald Reagan ’s tax cuts , inflated military spending , deregulation , two thousand bank failures and bailouts .
Reagan was criticized for burdening our children by quadrupling the debt .
I remember George H.W. Bush ’s unsustainable tax cuts , military spending , bank failures and bailouts that ran the debt higher .
Bush was criticized for burdening our grandchildren .
Where was the Tea Party ?
I remember the FDIC Improvement Act of ‘ 91 , signed by Bush , giving the government power to take over failing banks , to conservatively reign them in , to be released when solvent again .
I remember Clinton - era prosperity ( with tax increases ) , based on emerging technologies , a new infrastructure and the Information Age .
Clinton left office with a projected surplus of $ 1.1 Trillion .
I remember George W. Bush ’s campaign for tax cuts , “ It ’s our money . ”
“ It ’s our debt , ” was the ignored reply .
Bush ’s tax cuts ( through Senate reconciliation ) quickly erased the projected surplus , and with the wars , the debt doubled to nearly $ 11 Trillion .
Where was the Tea Party when trillions were borrowed for tax cuts and to kill people ?
Oh , here they come , just in time to “ rescue ” us by weakening and delaying Healthcare Reform that would save people from bankruptcy and untimely death .
Off the top of my head , the United States subsidizes coal , oil , transportation , agricultures , timber , communications , nuclear energy , pharmaceuticals , education , healthcare , defense , even tobacco .
But , by God , if we do n’t make money off of sick people , then we ’re goose - stepping toward Communism .
This is my protest , too .
A Navy vet confronted me and told me to shut up .
I pointed to a sign 30 feet away that read , “ I Deserve to Be Heard . ”
I learned that in his 20 - year Navy career , he never took the time to read the Constitution , though he swore to defend it every time he re-enlisted .
I could n’t help it , I laughed .
When photographers documented our exchange , the Navy vet told them , “ Make sure you call him an extremist . ”
Really ?
Asking about the Pledge , Jesus , unbalanced tax structure , reading the Constitution and knowing U.S. history , makes me an extremist ?
Really ?
The Constitution is not to be idolized , but read and understood .
Right there in the Preamble , we are in this together , across generations .
I challenge my Tea Party to fact - check what they ’ve been told , to hold cheerleaders and misleaders accountable , to educate themselves as a democratic populace must .
Since it ’s grass roots , it ’s my Tea Party , and my country , too .
Rick Keith is married , has a 4 - year - old daughter and lives in Grass Lake .
He is a self - employed contractor , inventor and entrepreneur .
Director Raja Gosnell is currently shooting Sony Pictures ’
The Smurfs in New York City and Hank Azaria was spotted today in character as Gargamel .
You can check out the photos below !
In the 3D August 3 , 2011 release , the evil wizard Gargamel chases the tiny blue Smurfs out of their village and they tumble from their magical world into ours  in the middle of Central Park .
Just three apples high and stuck in the Big Apple , the Smurfs must find a way to get back to their village before Gargamel tracks them down .
The cast includes Neil Patrick Harris , Jayma Mays , Sofia Vergara , Anton Yelchin , Jonathan Winters , Katy Perry , Alan Cumming , Fred Armisen , George Lopez , Paul Reubens , John Oliver , Kenan Thompson , B.J. Novak , Jeff Foxworthy , Wolfgang Puck and Gary Basaraba .
Demonoid is without doubt one of the most famous BitTorrent trackers on the Internet .
Unfortunately , it is also the tracker with the worst record when it comes to uptime as every so often the site disappears for months .
With the current downtime of more than a day , users are already fearing the worst .
Demonoid is one of the biggest torrent sites around .
Now safely hosted to the west of Russia in Ukraine , the site has previously received unwanted attention from several anti-piracy outfits .
So , when the site goes offline a lot of people start to think of the worst , especially if there is little or no warning .
Yesterday , Demonoid once again disappeared leaving its users behind with lots of questions and in a mild state of panic .
As is often the case , Demonoid ’s admins have remained silent and rumors of a hostile intervention have quickly grown .
Thus far , however , there is no reason to assume that the downtime is caused by ‘ legal ’ reasons .
It has to be assumed that the site is facing hardware or network problems .
On the positive side , we can report that Demonoid ’s trackers appear to be working just fine .
This is no guarantee that the site itself will make a quick return though .
Last September the site vanished into thin air and although the tracker returned early November , it took until Christmas before the site was fully operational again .
Last year ’s downtime was not unique either .
Since 2007 the site has been offline for more than 13 months in total , due to all kinds of problems including issues with the Canadian equivalent of the RIAA .
Hardware issues and trouble finding a reliable hosting outfit were some of the other explanations that were given in the past .
In a rare interview with Demonoid ’s current hosting provider a few months ago we found out that DDoS - attacks and legal issues are unlikely to take the site offline , so we can only guess what the real reason for the ccurrent outage is .
The wait has started , once again .
Update : Demonoid is responding ( very slow ) to some people , and the reason for the downtime seems to be a DDoS attack after all .
Gunmen in army uniforms have swooped on a village south of Baghdad , stormed three houses and massacred 20 men and five women from families linked to an anti-Qaeda militia , an interior ministry official said .
A security spokesman has blamed Al Qaeda for the pre-dawn attack and and says 17 people have been arrested in connection with the murders .
The brutal killings come as Iraq 's political parties negotiate to form a government , nearly a month after parliamentary elections .
The interior ministry official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said witnesses had told security forces the killers entered the village just before midnight Friday ( local time ) , and carried out the murders about two hours later .
They tied up their victims before killing them in a rampage of violence , the worst against anti-Qaeda fighters since November 16 when 13 members of a tribe opposed to the jihadists were murdered west of Baghdad .
A defence ministry official has confirmed the details of the attack and the toll .
" Our information is that the killers were from Al Qaeda , " said Major General Qassim Atta , spokesman for the Iraqi security force 's Baghdad operations , who put the death toll at 24 - 19 men and five women .
General Atta says seven civilians who had been discovered handcuffed in the village have been freed .
According to the defence ministry official , the targeted families were part of the Sahwa [ Awakening ] movement , known as the Sons of Iraq by the US army .
The group joined American and Iraqi forces in 2006 and 2007 to fight against Al Qaeda and its supporters , leading to a dramatic fall in violence across the country .
Control of the Sahwa passed to Iraqi authorities in October 2008 and since January 2009 , their wages - said to have been cut from $ US300 under US leadership to $ US100 - have been paid , often late , by the government .
The Sahwa are regular targets of Al Qaeda , which remains active in the country .
Hour Rajab is a mainly agricultural region on Baghdad 's outskirts , mostly populated by the Jubur and the Janabat tribes .
Though the frequency of attacks has dropped significantly across Iraq since its peak in 2006 and 2007 , the number of Iraqis killed in violence last month was the highest this year .
Altogether 367 people died as a result of attacks in March , the fourth consecutive month in which the overall number of people killed was higher than the same month a year previously .
Saturday 's violence comes as Iraq 's two biggest political blocs - the Iraqiya list of ex-premier Iyad Allawi and the State of Law Alliance of sitting prime minister Nuri al - Maliki - battle to form coalition governments , more than a week after results from the March 7 polls were released .
Both American and Iraqi security officials have warned that a lengthy period of government formation could give insurgent groups and Al Qaeda an opening to carry out attacks .
-AFP
Rodent 's Vengeance is written in the Java programming language .
On this page are downloadable executable Java jar files that will allow you to play Rodent 's Vengeance on your computer .
The jar game files can be run under Windows , or on any platform for which the Java Runtime Environment , the JRE , can be installed .
If your system is not yet setup to handle Java , you can download and install the JRE for Windows , macOS , Linux and Solaris from the following site :
https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jre8-downloads.html
Current JRE 8 download site :
For testing on Windows 8.1 , I downloaded the x64 . exe version of the JRE , jre-8u251-windows-x64-i586.exe , and ran it .
After the installation completed I was able to run the rodentTraitional .
jar file by simply double clicking it .
When downloading a Rodent 's Vengeance jar file , your brower may indicate that the file may be harmful to your computer .
The download warning is given because you are downloading a jar file .
If you trust the Rodent 's Vengeance website , indicate that you wish to keep the downloaded file .
With the JRE installed you will be able to run the downloaded jar file by simply double clicking it .
The free Rodent 's Vengeance downloads are provided as is with no warranty .
The current download revision is Beta Release 2.54 ( 06-24-20 ) .
I do fix all issues that are communicated to me though , so send me an email if you find a problem or if you have a cool suggestion .
I can be reached via email at mike@reynoldssoft.com .
Enjoy !
The Roman poet Horace once said of his works that " I have created a monument more lasting than bronze . "
Well , Canadian poet Christian
Bök has pretty much blown Horace away with his plan to encode a poem into bacterial DNA .
Advertisement
The plan is simple enough , if completely insane .
Bök hopes to inject a series of nucleotides into the DNA of the bacteria Deinococcus radiodurans that form an intelligible poem , and then , in case that was too easy , he wants the protein the bacteria manufactures to also form a meaningful poem .
Since he only has four characters to work with - the nucleotides adenine , cytosine , guanine , and thymine - he first needs to create an alphabet that substitutes various triplets of nucleotides in the place of the twenty - six letters .
In other words , AGT might correspond to " a " , while CTG could mean " b " , and so on .
However , Bök can't just choose the triplets at random , because for all the trillions of possible combinations , only a minuscule fraction will produce amino acids that also yields a workable vocabulary .
Advertisement
Bök is currently using specially designed software to find the optimal arrangement , and only once he 's figured that out will he actually write the poem .
He has said that he will be somewhat limited in what sort of poetry he can write , and that most likely he will compose something with a " repetitive , incantatory quality . "
Once all that 's done , it 's up to lab technicians to string together the right nucleotides and inject them into Deinococcus radiodurans .
It wo n't be easy and may take several attempts , but the potential legacy of such a project is almost incomprehensible .
If Bök 's poem nucleotides take hold in Deinococcus radiodurans , there 's no reason to think they wo n't hang around for the lifespan of the species .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And considering there 's also no reason to think this strain of bacteria will ever go extinct ( or at least last until the Sun destroys the Earth five billion years from now ) ... well , there 's an excellent chance that Bök 's poem will eventually be the last evidence of humanity 's existence left on planet Earth .
I imagine Horace would approve .
[ via Wired ]
Tons of authors are writing magical characters into their novels these days , whether romance , sci - fi , fantasy , or any other genre .
But how much do they really know about real - life witches ?
Today we have a very special guest blog by bestselling Llewellyn author Ellen Dugan , talking about what happens when you teach a group of romance authors about witchcraft … through hands - on experience .
Take it away , Ellen !
I am just home from the WRW ( Washington Romance Writers )
Retreat where I was one of the featured guest speakers this year , lecturing on the folklore and language of herbs and flowers , and on the topic of “ An Intro to Witchcraft for Writers . ”
Just shy of 300 people came for the retreat ( that must be why they call it the ‘ Mega Event ’ ) and it was a fabulous time .
I also got the opportunity to sign my three latest Llewellyn books at Turn the Page Books in Maryland with Nora Roberts and Charlaine Harris and a dozen other romance authors on the day before my lectures .
My first class , the language of flowers , went very well .
The language of flowers is a hot topic for Regency and historical romance novels , after all .
But the main lecture on witchcraft was scheduled for the late afternoon , and I was pleased to see a nice amount of people and even a few romance writers whose names I recognized immediately .
So there I stood with a smile , standing up at the podium and representing the “ real life ” modern Witch to the romance novelists .
I was excited by this opportunity , and very determined to teach them the facts , so that they could pull from good information when they created their characters .
Plus … I had an ace up my sleeve .
What was that ace ?
Well consider this .
As Witches we all know that if we do not visualize , our spells will flop .
You have to be able to see the spell ’s outcome and envision in your mind the positive change that you wish to create .
As a writer myself , I know that to be able to write a book or even an Almanac article , you also need to be able to visualize what it is you are trying to communicate to your reader .
It may be to teach new information , or it may be to tell a story and to make your characters believable .
So , I took them through the basics .
What witchcraft is and what it is n’t .
I explained the difference between a Witch and a Wiccan .
I talked about what Paganism meant , and explained that Witches have no dress code , and typically do not flounce about in flowing black every day of the week .
I explained that Witches can be both male and female and that , most importantly , we are normal .
I discussed the Rede , the law of three , and the concepts of “ as above , so below . ”
I talked frankly about ethics , honor and responsibility , and how Witches strive to work from a neutral , balanced state in order to create a positive change .
I also told them with a smile that in everyday life we do not crack fireballs out of our …hands .
And that there was so much more to being a Witch than what Hollywood loves to portray .
I also carefully explained that magick , like nature , is a neutral force .
Magick can be classified as either positive or baneful , depending on how you use this force .
I gleefully watched as the romance writers took copious amounts of notes and noticed that they were all animated , eager and really getting into the topic .
You could almost hear those wheels turning in their brains .
Then I pulled out that ace .
I taught them how to raise energy with an energy ball exercise , the same technique that is in my Natural Witchery book .
It was priceless watching all those faces light up .
Then I went in for the money shot .
I had them all get up and make a big circle and explained that we were going to raise energy together as a group .
Yes indeed , non-magickal folks were doing a magickal exercise .
So I had them build a circle together in the simple , friendly way that my own coven always does .
It ’s the classic method of saying “ hand to hand I cast this circle ” as you take the person ’s hand to your left — and on around the circle it goes , clockwise with each person repeating this line with intent until the circle is closed .
Once all hands were linked , I stated , “ The circle is cast .
We are between the worlds , ” to seal it up .
As we all stood there with our hands linked , I explained that I wanted them to , one at a time , send positive energy to the person on their left .
This was to be done one person at a time with a gentle squeeze of their neighbor ’s hands .
I told them to picture those chasing holiday lights so that the energy would be passed quickly .
The energy would light up each person briefly , and then build as it went around the circle from person to person .
I started the pass , and around the large circle of writers the energy went .
Watching the expression on their faces change after a couple of passes around was fun .
I told them to keep holding hands and to continue , and then asked them if they all noticed anything different about the temperature of the room .
Everyone ’s eyes got big as I casually inquired if they had noticed that their faces and fronts were warmer than their backsides .
An author called over to me that her face and chest were really warm , and another commented how her hands , had at first , felt really cold , and now they were very warm and tingly .
Another writer laughingly stated that her butt was much colder than her front !
Everyone started to get into it , and to laugh , which I encouraged .
I told them that it was okay to smile and laugh as this was building even more positive energy , and of course that laughter helped build the energy even higher .
As we kept working , I coached them along .
And finally had them stop the squeezing of hands to pass the energy — and to instead visualize it spinning around out in front of them at chest height .
Then they stopped laughing and all became very quiet .
I explained that now that this energy was raised , we would release it together and so I carefully explained the steps so that as we finished they would know exactly what to do , and when .
Do you remember playing “ red rover ” when you were a kid ?
Remember how you swung your arms as you chanted “ come on over ” ?
Using that movement , I explained that as we said the closing line together , we would release that energy simultaneously .
So in time with the words I had them swing their clasped hands gently at about shoulder height , into the circle and then back out .
We all chanted “ By all the power of three times three , as we will it so shall it be ! ”
On the final word they all swung their arms into the circle and over their heads and released hands in unison .
It was as if they had done it for years .
The timing was perfect .
As they all released their hands and threw them up and into the air simultaneously , it was like watching twenty - five kids see a holiday tree for the first time .
They all stood there silent , grinning and breathless .
Then on cue , they all dramatically shivered at the same time .
Which made them all a bit startled , that a shudder had been their group reaction .
Almost as if it had been choreographed .
So I stepped into the circle and to break the silence .
I grinned at them all and said , “ That ’s some pretty cool stuff , eh ? ” Everyone burst out laughing and all started talking at the same time about how amazing it had felt when they released that energy .
After everyone eventually returned to their seats , they all grabbed their pens and attacked their notes like crazy for a while .
I answered some more questions , and in closing I encouraged them to use this experience wisely .
Now that they all had a personal frame of reference and understood how it actually felt to raise and to work with energy , it should give them new , positive and clearer insights into the magickal characters they create .
Sometimes change comes in unexpected places .
Like at a romance writer ’s convention .
Each of us can impact our community and other people ’s perceptions every day in simple and profound ways .
But I have to admit , I can hardly wait to see what fabulous magickal and fascinating witchy characters come to life in the next few years in the mass market paranormal and fantasy genre .
This is gonna be great .
– by Ellen Dugan
REPUBLICANS IN GLASS HOUSES SHOULDN ’T THROW STONES ….
Of all the issues for Republicans to seize on , ethics in Congress may be the most tone - deaf of them all .
In the wake of a handful of Democratic scandals , Republicans are piling on , hoping to associate Democrats with the same stink that brought down the Republican majority : corruption .
The GOP has tarred Democrats who accepted campaign money from Rep. Charlie Rangel ( D - NY ) , and continue to attack the Democratic leadership for what they call hypocrisy on ethics and transparency .
“ Nancy Pelosi said in the very beginning that this is going to be the most open , honest ethical congress in history , ” said House Minority Whip Eric Cantor on Meet the Press at the end of last month , “ and what we are seeing is that she is breaking that promise every day . ”
Many in the media actually seem to be falling for this .
The NYT had a piece the other day trying to draw parallels between some recent Dem controversies — Paterson , Rangel , Massa — and the Republicans ’ infamous culture of corruption in 2006 .
Even Time ‘s Karen Tumulty , who usually knows better , lent credence to the idea .
So , let ’s clear things up a little .
First , there ’s a quantitative difference .
Have there been some Democrats who ’ve run into trouble of late ?
Obviously , yes , but the list includes a modest number of isolated incidents .
In contrast , the corruption that overcame the Republican establishment during their reign of error was systemic and overwhelming .
After a while , so many GOP officials were involved in scandals , the names started to blur together .
Which one was Abramoff ’s buddy ?
Which one took bribes from defense contractors ?
Which one had his home raided by the FBI ?
Which one was locked up in a federal penitentiary ?
If Republicans really want to talk about ethical lapses , it ’s worth reminding them of names like DeLay , Cunningham , Ney , Foley , Lewis , Burns , Stevens , Craig , Vitter , Miller , and Renzi , among others .
By August 2007 , Republican strategist Scott Reed said the party ’s corruption scandals were “ approaching a level of ridiculousness … .
Republicans think the governing class in Washington are a bunch of buffoons who have total disregard for the principles of the party , the law of the land and the future of the country . ”
But that ’s not the only difference .
Also note that Republicans went to great pains to shield their scandal - plagued allies from punishment .
In one particularly egregious incident , the GOP caucus changed its own rules to allow Tom DeLay to stay on as the House Majority Leader after he ’d been indicted .
In contrast , Dems cut their scandal - plagued allies off quickly .
Paterson has no support .
Massa is a pariah in Democratic circles .
No one returns the phone calls of Rod Blagojevich or John Edwards .
And finally , the Republican argument is premised on the notion that the GOP scandals are a thing of the past , and now it ’s Dems ’ turn to look awful .
But that ’s silly .
Not only were there more scandal - plagued Republicans before , there are arguably more scandal - plagued Republicans now .
Indeed , the entire ethics push comes as a sitting GOP senator is in the midst of a humiliating sex scandal involving likely crimes and ethics violations .
It ’s not just Ensign .
In the midst of Republicans ’ new - found interest in propriety , the list of current GOP members with ethics troubles is already pretty long : Vitter , Sanford , Pete Sessions , Nathan Deal , Don Young , Ken Calvert , and others .
Do Republicans really want to go down this road ?
So , would you like some kind of confirmation as to when you ’re going to get some Android 2.1 goodness on your Sprint Android - based devices ?
You know the ones : the HTC Hero and Samsung Moment .
Well , looks like we can finally put ourselves to some type of ease , as we ’ve just seen an internal Sprint screenshot that details ( without much detail ) the upcoming release of the Android 2.1 upgrade .
We can also pretty much confirm that Sprint wanted to give the upgrade to the two Android handsets on its network at the same time .
For whatever reason , they apparently wanted to make it reasonably fair for everybody .
In any event , as you can see from the images herein , Sprint is saying that the upgrade to Android 2.1 for both the HTC Hero and Samsung Moment will be coming in early May .
We ’ll assume that ’s the first week , but we could also see somewhere in the second week , too .
Those of you out there sitting on your hands , waiting every day for some kind of update to hit your phones should probably relax now .
You ’ve always known the update is coming , but now you can have some solace knowing it wo n’t be this month .
So , start enjoying your phone as they are , because here soon they ’re going to get a nice face lift .
Excited ?
[ via AndroidForums ]
Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brian Campbell 's season could be over due to a broken clavicle and ribs suffered in Sunday 's contest against the Washington Capitals , according to league sources .
Campbell will meet with team physicians on Monday , and the Hawks plan to make an official announcement on Tuesday .
Campbell was checked by Alex Ovechkin into the end boards behind the Hawks ' goal with 7:44 remaining in the first period .
Campbell remained on the ice for several minutes as trainers attended to him before leaving .
Ovechkin was given a five - minute major for boarding in addition to the game misconduct .
A game misconduct penalty automatically incurs a fine and further review by the commissioner 's office for possible suspension .
On Monday , Ovechkin met with the NHL and was suspended for two games .
After the game , Hawks coach Joel Quenneville said , " [ Campbell ] is going to be out for a bit .
It was a tough hit , a dangerous hit . "
Ovechkin did n't see anything illicit in the hit .
Volcanic peak Idunn Mons .
Bright colours indicate recent flow
Data from Europe 's Venus Express probe suggests that Earth 's neighbour may still be able to erupt volcanoes .
Relatively young lava flows have been identified on the planet 's surface by the spacecraft 's infrared instrument .
The flows show up as having a different composition to the surrounding surface material .
Researchers estimate that they may have been erupted as recently as 2.5 million years ago - and probably much nearer in time than that .
It is even possible these areas are currently active , says Suzanne Smrekar , from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , California , US , and her colleagues .
The team reports its assessment of lava flows in the Imdr , Themis and Dione regions of Venus in the journal Science .
" This is a significant result , " commented Hakan Svedhem , the European Space Agency 's Venus Express Project Scientist .
The existence of active volcanoes on Venus has long been debated .
Researchers say a geologically dead planet would be expected to display far more impact craters .
Some process on Venus must have reworked the surface .
That process is assumed to be volcanism , although it is likely to work at a slow rate .
To view this content , Javascript must be enabled and Adobe Flash Player must be installed .
When Facebook launched its Open Graph API and brought instant personalization to the web it probably did n't expect users to revolt — but they are .
In light of growing concerns around user privacy , Matthew Milan and Joseph Dee are attempting to mobilize a formal Facebook revolt with Quit Facebook Day .
The purpose of the site is to encourage those " sick of Facebook 's lack of respect for your data " to quit the social networking site .
Users can " commit to quit " with their Twitter handle or name and join the others publicly pledging to do so in unison .
The delete - your - Facebook movement — scheduled for May 31 — has yet to attract too many pledges , but with anti-Facebook sentiment on the rise that could change in the near future .
In fact , yesterday Danny Sullivan of Search Engine Land noticed that " how do i delete my facebook account " is now one of the top Google suggestions when typing " how do i ... " in the search box .
Plus , we know that Facebook 's recent privacy blunders , phishing scams and the controversy around instant personalization are erroding user confidence in the social network .
Anti-Facebook chatter has become so loud that NYU students aiming to build a Facebook alternative have raised more than $ 137,000 from thousands of supporters with nothing more than an idea .
The question still remains :
Are users so concerned that they would take the drastic step to quit Facebook altogether ?
Let us know where you stand .
Will you quit Facebook ?
[ img credit : the |G | ]
Ewald Hekking , investigador de la Universidad Aut�noma de Quer�taro , intregr� en una plataforma virtual videos did�cticos para aprender de manera simult �nea tanto la gram�tica como la pronunciaci�n
Lunes 24 de mayo de 2010
Juan Jos� Arreola / Corresponsal | El Universal
In January of 2009 , Tim Gowers initiated an experiment in massively collaborative mathematics , the Polymath Project .
The initial stage of this project was extremely successful , and led to two scientific papers : “ A new proof of the density Hales - Jewett theorem ” and “ Density Hales - Jewett and Moser numbers ” .
The second of these papers will soon appear in a birthday volume in honour of Endre Szemeredi .
The editor of the Szemeredi birthday volume , Jozsef Solymosi , invited me to submit an introduction to that paper , and to the Polymath Project more generally .
The following is a draft of my introductory piece .
I ’d be very interested in hearing feedback .
Note that the early parts of the article briefly discuss some mathematics , but if you ’re not mathematically inclined the remainder of the article should be comprehensible .
Many of the themes of the article will be discussed at much greater length in my book about open science , “ Reinventing Discovery ” , to be published early in 2011 .
At first appearance , the paper which follows this essay appears to be a typical mathematical paper .
It poses and partially answers several combinatorial questions , and follows the standard forms of mathematical discourse , with theorems , proofs , conjectures , and so on .
Appearances are deceiving , however , for the paper has an unusual origin , a clue to which is in the name of the author , one D. H. J. Polymath .
Behind this unusual name is a bold experiment in how mathematics is done .
This experiment was initiated in January of 2009 by W. Timothy Gowers , and was an experiment in what Gowers termed “ massively collaborative mathematics ” .
The idea , in brief , was to attempt to solve a mathematical research problem working entirely in the open , using Gowers ’s blog as a medium for mathematical collaboration .
The hope was that a large number of mathematicians would contribute , and that their collective intelligence would make easy work of what would ordinarily be a difficult problem .
Gowers dubbed the project the “ Polymath Project ” .
In this essay I describe how the Polymath Project proceeded , and reflect on similarities to online collaborations in the open source and open science communities .
Although I followed the Polymath Project closely , my background is in theoretical physics , not combinatorics , and so I did not participate directly in the mathematical discussions .
The perspective is that of an interested outsider , one whose main creative interests are in open science and collective intelligence .
Gowers began the Polymath Project with a description of the problem to be attacked ( see below ) , a list of rules of collaboration , and a list of 38 brief observations he ’d made about the problem , intended to serve as starting inspiration for discussion .
At that point , on February 1 , 2009 , other people were invited to contribute their thoughts on the problem .
Anyone with an interest and an internet connection could follow along and , if they wished , contribute their ideas in the comment section of Gowers ’s blog .
In just the first 24 hours after Gowers opened his blog up for discussion , six people offered 24 comments .
In a sign of things to come , those contributors came from four countries on three continents , and included a high - school teacher , a graduate student , and four professors of mathematics .
A collaboration was underway , a collaboration which expanded in the weeks that followed to involve more than twenty people .
The problem originally posed by Gowers was to investigate a new approach to a special case of the density Hales - Jewett theorem ( DHJ ) .
Let me briefly describe the statement of the theorem , before describing the special case Gowers proposed to attack .
Let be the set of all length strings over the alphabet .
A combinatorial line is a set of points in , formed by taking a string with one or more wildcards ( “ ” ) in it , e.g. , 14x1xx3 , and replacing those wildcards by , respectively .
In the example I ’ve given , the resulting combinatorial line is : .
The density Hales - Jewett theorem says that as becomes large , even very low density subsets of must contain a combinatorial line .
More precisely , let us define the density Hales - Jewett number to be the size of the largest subset of which does not contain a combinatorial line .
Then the density Hales - Jewett theorem may be stated as :
Theorem ( DHJ ) : .
DHJ was originally proved in 1991 by Furstenberg and Katznelson , using techniques from ergodic theory .
Gowers proposed to find a combinatorial proof of the case of the theorem , using a strategy that he outlined on his blog .
As the Polymath Project progressed , that goal gradually evolved .
Four days after Gowers opened his blog up for discussion , Terence Tao used his blog to start a discussion aimed at understanding the behaviour of for small .
This discussion rapidly gained momentum , and the Polymath Project split into two subprojects , largely carried out , respectively , on Gowers ’s blog and Tao ’s blog .
The first subproject pursued and eventually found an elementary combinatorial proof of the full DHJ theorem .
The results of second subproject are described in the paper which follows , “ Density Hales - Jewett and Moser Numbers ” .
As mentioned , this second subproject began with the goal of understanding the behaviour of for small .
It gradually broadened to consider several related questions , including the behaviour of for small and , as well as the behaviour of the Moser numbers , , defined to be the size of the largest subset of which contains no geometric line .
As for a combinatorial line , a geometric line is defined by taking a strinq in with one or more wildcard characters present .
But unlike a combinatorial line , there are two distinct types of wildcards allowed ( “ ” and “ ” ) , with taken to vary over the range , and .
So , for example , generates the geometric line .
Both subprojects of the Polymath Project progressed quickly .
On March 10 , Gowers announced that he was confident that the polymaths had found a new combinatorial proof of DHJ .
Just 37 days had passed since the collaboration began , and 27 people had contributed approximately 800 mathematical comments , containing 170,000 words .
Much work remained to be done , but the original goal had already been surpassed , and this was a major milestone for the first subproject .
By contrast , the goals of the second subproject were more open - ended , and no similarly decisive announcement was possible .
Work on both continued for months thereafter , gradually shifting to focus on the writeup of results for publication .
Although the Polymath Project is unusual from the perspective of current practice in mathematics , there is another perspective from which it does not appear so unusual .
That is the tradition of open source software development in the computer programming community .
Perhaps the best known example of open source software is the Linux operating system .
Begun by Linus Torvalds in 1991 as a hobby project , Linux has since grown to become one of the world ’s most popular operating systems .
Although not as widely used in the consumer market as Microsoft Windows , Linux is the primary operating system used on the giant computer clusters at companies such as Google , Yahoo ! and Amazon , and also dominates in markets such as the movie industry , where it plays a major role at companies such as Dreamworks and Pixar .
A key feature of Linux is that , unlike proprietary software such as Microsoft Windows , the original source code for the operating system is freely available to be downloaded and modified .
In his original message announcing Linux , Torvalds commented that “ I ’ve enjouyed [ sic ] doing it , and somebody might enjoy looking at it and even modifying it for their own needs .
It is still small enough to understand , use and modify , and I ’m looking forward to any comments you might have . ”
Because he had made the code publicly available , other people could add features if they desired .
People began emailing code to Torvalds , who incorporated the changes he liked best into the main Linux code base .
A Linux kernel discussion group was set up to co-ordinate work , and the number of people contributing code to Linux gradually increased .
By 1994 , 80 people were named in the Linux credits file as contributors .
Today , nearly twenty years later , Linux has grown enormously .
The kernel of Linux contains 13 million lines of code .
On an average day in 2007 and 2008 , Linux developers added 4,300 lines of code , deleted 1,800 lines , and modified 1,500 lines .
The social processes and tools used to create Linux have also changed enormously .
In its early days , Linux used off - the - shelf tools and ad hoc social processes to manage development .
But as Linux and the broader open source community have grown , that community has developed increasingly powerful tools to share and integrate code , and to manage discussion of development .
They have also evolved increasingly sophisticated social structures to govern the process of large - scale open source development .
None of this was anticipated at the outset by Torvalds – in 2003 he said “ If someone had told me 12 years ago what would happen , I ’d have been flabbergasted ” – but instead happened organically .
Linux is just one project in a much broader ecosystem of open source projects .
Deshpande and Riehle have conservatively estimated that more than a billion lines of open source software have been written , and more than 300 million lines are being added each year .
Many of these are single - person projects , often abandoned soon after being initiated .
But there are hundreds and perhaps thousands of projects with many active developers .
Although it began in the programming community , the open source collaboration process can in principle be applied to any digital artifact .
It ’s possible , for example , for a synthetic biologist to do open source biology , by freely sharing their DNA designs for living things , and then allowing others to contribute back changes that improve upon those designs .
It ’s possible for an architect to do open source architecture , by sharing design files , and then accepting contributions back from others .
And , it ’s possible to write an open source encyclopedia , by freely sharing the text of articles , and making it possible for others to contribute back changes .
That ’s how Wikipedia was written : Wikipedia is an open source project .
The Polymath Project is a natural extension of open source collaboration to mathematics .
At first glance it appears to differ in one major way , for in programming the open source process aims to produce an artifact , the source code for the desired software .
Similarly , in synthetic biology , architecture and the writing of an encyclopedia the desired end is an artifact of some sort .
At least in the early stages of the Polymath Project , there was no obviously analogous artifact .
It ’s tempting to conclude that the two papers produced by the polymaths play this role , but I do n’t think that ’s quite right .
In mathematics , the desired end is n’t an artifact , it ’s mathematical understanding .
And the Polymath process was a way of sharing that understanding openly , and gradually improving it through the contributions of many people .
The Polymath Project ’s open approach to collaboration is part of a broader movement toward open science .
Other prominent examples include the human genome project and the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , which use the internet to openly share data with the entire scientific community .
This enables other scientists to find ingenius ways of reusing that data , often posing and answering questions radically different to those that motivated the people who originally took the data .
An example which gives the flavour of this reuse is the recent work by Boroson and Lauer , who used a computer algorithm to search through the spectra of 17,000 quasars from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , looking for a subtle signature that they believed would indicate a pair of orbiting black holes .
The result was the discovery of a candidate quasar containing a pair of supermassive black holes , 20 million and 800 million times the mass of the sun , respectively , and a third of a light year apart , orbiting one another roughly once every 100 years .
This is just one of more than 3,000 papers to have cited the Sloan data , most of those papers coming from outside the Sloan collaboration .
People practicing open notebook science have carried this open data approach to its logical conclusion , sharing their entire laboratory record in real time .
The Polymath Project and the open data and open notebook projects are all examples of scientists sharing information which , historically , has not been openly available , whether it be raw experimental data , observations made in a laboratory notebook , or ideas for the solution of a mathematical problem .
There is , however , a historical parallel to the early days of modern science .
For example , when Galileo first observed what would later be recognized as Saturn ’s rings , he sent an anagram to the astronomer Kepler so that if Kepler ( or anyone else ) later made the same discovery , Galileo could disclose the anagram and claim the credit .
Such secretive behaviour was common at the time , and other scientists such as Huygens and Hooke also used devices such as anagrams to “ publish ” their discoveries .
Many scientists waited decades before genuine publication , if they published at all .
What changed this situation – the first open science revolution – was the gradual establishment of a link between the act of publishing a scientific discovery and the scientist ’s prospects for employment .
This establishment of scientific papers as a reputational currency gave scientists an incentive to share their knowledge .
Today , we take this reputational currency for granted , yet it was painstakingly developed over a period of many decades in the 17th and 18th centuries .
During that time community norms around authorship , citation , and attribution were slowly worked out by the scientific community .
A similar process is beginning today .
Will pseudonyms such as D. H. J. Polymath become a commonplace ?
How should young scientists report their role in such collaborations , for purposes of job and grant applications ?
How should new types of scientific contribution – contributions such as data or blog comments or lab notebook entries – be valued by other scientists ?
All these questions and many more will need answers , if we are to take full advantage of the potential of new ways of working together to generate knowledge .
Clarification to this article
IT WAS a dignified address .
Before wiping tears from his eyes with a folded handkerchief , President Lee Myung - bak ( right ) read out the names of 46 sailors who died last month when their ship , the Cheonan , exploded in South Korean waters .
He carefully avoided pinning the blame on anyone , but on April 22nd , Yonhap , South Korea 's news agency , reported that the government 's military - intelligence agency , using intelligence gathered jointly with America , had concluded the regime in North Korea had deliberately attacked and destroyed the 1,200 - tonne warship .
Even if tangible evidence of North Korean involvement emerges , the president 's caution on April 19th will nevertheless be understandable .
Hot - blooded retaliation against a nuclear - armed despot would be fraught with danger for the peninsula , and for relations between America and China , the main backers of south and north respectively .
But ever since a preliminary investigation of the Cheonan 's salvaged stern concluded that the blast did not come from on board the vessel , suspicions have turned towards North Korea .
This , analysts say , puts Mr Lee in the most delicate position of his two - year - old administration .
If the suspicions prove correct , a tough response would be expected and perhaps unavoidable .
The pressure on Mr Lee is all the greater because local elections are due on June 2nd , and they may serve as an unofficial referendum on his handling of the crisis .
So far , the regime in Pyongyang has only indirectly denied involvement .
After three weeks of silence on the incident , it said on April 17th in a news report : “ Failing to probe the cause of the sinking of the ship , the puppet military warmongers , right - wing conservative politicians and other traitors in South Korea are now foolishly seeking to link the sinking with the North at any cost . ”
A non-denial denial .
Signs of aggression continue .
On April 21st South Korea said it had arrested two northern agents who , it claimed , had been sent to assassinate a prominent defector to the south .
And speculation abounds , fed by defectors and South Korean analysts , that the north may be preparing for a third nuclear test in defiance of United Nations Security Council resolutions .
The government in Seoul is publicly discussing its options , but these look limited .
Yu Myung - hwan , the foreign minister , has said South Korea would take the matter to the UN Security Council for additional sanctions if there were hard evidence that North Korea was involved .
But North Korea is already subject to stiff sanctions .
Mr
Yu also says stalled six - party talks on the north 's nuclear disarmament might be suspended for the time being .
But he has flatly ruled out calls from conservative politicians in the south for nuclear weapons to counter the threat from the north .
The hawks are taking wing .
On April 20th the Chosun Ilbo , the south 's biggest - selling daily , urged the government not to rule out military action .
However , as an official notes , there is as yet little support in the south for warmongering , and the stockmarket has held firm .
That suggests people believe the crisis will be defused , as happened after previous flare - ups on the UN - mandated Northern Limit Line , the disputed maritime border .
Mr Lee , who hopes to show off South Korea 's economic prowess as host of the G20 summit this year , is a conservative more interested in economic strength than the military sort .
Some analysts commend him for his handling of the crisis so far .
He has bought himself time by refusing to speculate publicly on the cause of the blast .
Yet as commander - in - chief , he bears responsibility for the military shortcomings if , as some suspect , North Korea torpedoed the Cheonan from a semi- submersible vessel and got away with it .
If that is indeed what happened , many will wonder what lies behind North Korea 's aggression .
Kim Jong
Il , its despotic leader , is desperate for financial aid and his government had recently signalled that it was keen to return to the six - party talks .
Of all recent South Korean presidents , Mr Lee has taken the hardest line against bailing out Mr Kim 's bankrupt regime unless it pledges to destroy its nuclear weapons first .
The senseless murder — if that is what it was — of 46 young sailors under his command is hardly likely to soften his line .
Clarification :
In an earlier version of this article we quoted Yu Myung - hwan as saying stalled six - party talks on the north 's nuclear disarmament might be suspended indefinitely .
He said they might be suspended for the time being .
The article was changed online on April 23rd .
Sure it 's dull as a butter knife .
But this polycarbonate blade , designed for combat training , still produces a stabbing pain .
Electrodes along its edge deliver 7,500 volts , which is about a sixth of the power of a Taser .
It helps give self - defense lessons a sense of urgency .
It also helps maintain discipline in the workplace .
Wasting time on FAIL Blog when you 're on deadline ?
BZZZT .
Sending around rickrolls ?
BZZZT .
Forgot to say " spoiler alert " before discussing last night 's episode of Lost ?
BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT .
While there are many changes for the better in the HTML5 specification , there is no better bang for the buck for the data driven website than the transformation of forms .
These simple changes will transform how you enter , validate , process , and even display inputs .
You will be able to create more usable web applications with less code and less confusion .
Introduction
What 's in Store ?
" In the recent past , the majority of innovation in forms have come from the use of JavaScript , rather than old fashioned HTML .
While there is nothing wrong with using JavaScript to enhance forms , it does bring its own usability along with many development headaches . "
HTML 5 is still undergoing changes before it is finalized .
If you look at the spec , you will see that there is still a last call for comments along with statements , such as , Implementers should be aware that this specification is not stable .
Furthermore , particularly for the purposes of this tutorial , focusing on the changes to forms , browser implementation is spotty to say the least .
That said , the changes on the horizon are worth examining today .
While the changes are major in scope , the implementation for developers look to be rather easy .
In this tutorial , we will take a high level overview of these ground breaking changes , and think about how they will impact the nature of user input .
In the past , changes to forms have been relatively minor .
If you go back to the HTML 3.2 spec , which was finalized in 1997 , you will see the same basic form inputs that you use today .
Select , textarea , radio , checkboxes and text were available then .
A generation of web developers have grown up writing to these same standards .
While later versions of the specification brought changes to forms , such as the fieldset , label , legend , and form actions such as onsubmit or onchange , the way we deal with user input has remained somewhat static .
In the recent past , the majority of innovation in forms have come from the use of JavaScript , rather than old fashioned HTML .
While there is nothing wrong with using JavaScript to enhance forms , it does bring its own usability along with many development headaches .
For instance , there are many different ways that we can validate forms using JavaScript , but what happens when a user does not have JavaScript enabled ?
We further have to apply logic to our server side scripts .
In the end , we have a not so consistent way of handling user input .
HTML 5 does n't address every innovation headache for forms in the past 13 years , but it does give us plenty of tools to
make our jobs much easier , and allows us to produce much more consistent forms .
There are three basic changes that we should examine .
First , we will look at the changes to the input elements , such as autocomplete or autofocus .
The second is changes to the input states , and there are quite a few !
Finally , we will examine the new form elements .
It is important to restate that the specification is in flux ; so I would n't be surprised if , in the future , there are subtle changes to what we are discussing .
That 's what makes this fun !
Changes to Input Elements : A Whole New Playground .
Input attributes are those items that you place in inputs to explain what the input is doing .
For instance :
In the example above , the input attributes are value , size , and maxlength .
These have been around for quite some time .
HTML 5 does n't change the concept of having input elements , but rather adds quite a few more .
There does appear to be at least one subtraction , or rather substitution , and that is the change of disabled now appears to become readonly .
The spec does not go into detail to the change , but if I was a betting man , the change would allow event handlers , such as onblur , to fire - which a disabled element prevents .
The new attributes include autofocus , autocomplete , list , required , multiple , pattern , min and max , step and placeholder .
I think of these as two different flavors of elements .
The first flavor enhances the experience for the user , while the second enhances the development experience .
What I mean by this , is autofocus , autocomplete , list , multiple , and placeholder helps the user experience in selecting items , or perhaps by giving a description of what the form input is looking for , or by aiding in completing the form .
required , min and max , pattern and step add to the development experience by saying what should be in the form itself .
Autofocus
What each of these new attributes do is relatively easy to understand .
For instance :
Above , the autofocus element focuses the text input on page load .
This means that as soon as the page loads , this text input is ready to take an entry .
You can start typing right away , as this element has the focus of the document .
Something that we used to do in JavaScript in a line or so , can now be done with a single word .
In the above example , by turning off autocomplete , you keep the browser from filling in the form field from a previous value .
Nothing bugs me more than seeing my credit card number come up in a form as soon as I type a digit .
The default for autocomplete is to be on , so the only time you need to use this element is when you want to prevent the form field from completing from previous entries .
It adds to the user experience by keeping sensitive information from just " popping up . "
List
The list attribute is very cool .
Essentially , you provide a datalist , and it will create a drop down from your text input .
Think of it as a natural auto complete .
Take it a bit further , and instead of having to add a JavaScript library for a quick look up , based on key entries , you could easily just add an " onchange " event handler , with an AJAX post , and you end up with a drop down that gets more specific as the user types into the box .
With HTML 5 , this functionality an be created with just a few lines .
Multiple
The multiple attribute allows you to select multiple items from your datalist .
For instance , you might have a form which sends messages from your website .
By using the multiple element , you can allow the user to select multiple recipients to send that message .
Again , this is something we can accomplish with a bit of JavaScript now , but with HTML 5 , we only have to add a single command to the form .
Placeholder
The placeholder attribute is something we have been doing for years with a touch of JavaScript .
What this does is , as soon as the input is focused , Type Here will vanish .
If there was no change to the text on blur , then Type Here will reappear .
Once again , we are taking some JavaScript out of the picture to enhance the user experience .
Required
These next new attributes all enhance our development .
With the exception of " step , " each aids in the validation of the user input .
The required attribute is exactly as it sounds .
I , the developer of this webpage , require you to fill out this form prior to hitting submit .
This is the basic form validation that we use today with JavaScript .
What took a library before to add a required entry , now takes a single word in the form .
RegEx
Of all the new form attributes , this is the one that I am most excited about .
Mr. Form , let me introduce you to my good friend , Regex .
Thats right , we can validate form entries based on regular expressions .
While this one is going to be mystifying at first , as you learn regular expression , the possibilities of validation now become limitless .
Validation
I have lumped the final three into one example , as they all deal with number validation - or the range of numbers that we can include .
Min : is the minimal value that an input will take .
is the minimal value that an input will take .
max : is the maximum input value the input will take .
Each of these are dealing with numerical values .
Dont confuse them with maxlength , which deals with the number of characters an input will take .
The step element is just as it sounds .
As you select a numerical value , step it up by .5 or down by .5 -- meaning this input type will have the possible values of 1 , 1.5 , 2 , 2.5 , and so on .
As of right now , to the best of my knowledge , browser support is somewhat spotty on these attributes .
Heres a quick chart showing what I was able to find on the implementations .
Changes to Input Types : A Whole Lot of Love .
There are eight new input types , not counting all the new date and time types , which for our purposes , I am lumping into one .
Its important to note that the browsers which have not implemented the new input types will degrade to a type of text on each that I have tested .
What the new input types bring is an ability to validate user input based upon the type that you are using .
There is also more validation to come which I will be discussing in the next two sections .
Each of the new input types allows us to separate from a text field to something more specific .
For instance , to take integer or float values prior to HTML 5 , we mostly used an input type of text .
Just from the annotation , it is counter intuitive for beginners .
By being more specific , we then have better visual control over our interface , as the more specific the element in HTML , the greater control you have from within the CSS , and the easier it is to define those visual elements .
In addition , with the new specific input types , browsers are now able to fine tune what the input range should be .
Finally , with the advent of mobile computing , we are able to make web application form elements which can be styled to look like natural applications , or can shape the keyboard that we are using .
Let 's look at number handling first :
Numbers , Integers and Floats
Each of these input types allows us to play with numbers , and when we post the forms , we should be sure that we have those float values for our server side processing without the added JavaScript validation .
Simply put , for each of these types , we are expecting to get numbers back within the range that we define and with the step that we want .
The difference between the two types is how they are displayed .
While I am waiting to see implementation on the number type , I would expect either a roll , or a text box , or possibly a type of a select with numbers .
The range type is a bit different , in that it looks like a sliding value , similar to what you would expect to see for a volume control .
Dates and Times
Another big relief to standardize your backend development is the new date and time input types .
From the Opera implementation that I have seen , each shows a calendar drop down , which allows your user to select a date .
Again , we can validate on our webpage that the input is in the format that we are expecting .
Each does exactly what you would think ; you are selecting a month , week , day , or time .
The one that is a little different is the datetime - local , which is showing the date and time without your timezone offset .
For instance , if you are selecting a flight , the datetime - local would show the time and date in the city that you are going , which is not necessarily the timezone that you are currently in .
Urls , Emails , Telephone , and Color
Each of these input types are descriptive .
The URL and Email types both have the validations of valid url patterns and valid email patterns .
The telephone does not , however , conform to any specific pattern .
It just strips line breaks .
If you want to enforce a validation pattern on the telephone field , you can always use the pattern element .
Each of these elements minus color will also take the list attribute , minus color .
Color is the oddball of the bunch ; I can see its practical use , where you can select a color from a fancy pull down that shows colors , and enforce the text entry of something like # 000000 , but it does n't really fit the rest of the changes , in my opinion .
Its like playing which one is not like the others .
Like the attributes , the input type browser implementation is quite spotty .
My iPhone seems to support more of these than Safari , which is a bit funny to me .
This is the best that I could find , as to support .
Changes to Form Elements : Not Quite as Drastic
The number of changes to the form elements is not as drastic as input attributes and types .
That said , there are a few new elements to be aware of .
We have already covered datalist - it is how we define what will be selected from a list element call - but we have n't seen keygen , output , progress , or meter .
Outside of keygen .
these are n't quite as self explanatory as the new attributes .
Lets dig into these just a bit .
Keygen
This one is a bit confusing .
It does not generate a public key for you .
Instead , it is a key pair generator control .
Once the form is submitted , it packages the key pair to store the private key in the local key store , and sends the public key back to the server .
It will generate the client certificate and offer it back to the user to download .
Once downloaded and stored with the private key , you can then authenticate services , such as SSL or certificate authentication .
Output
Think of the output element as a text area on steroids .
What you can do is calculate from two number type text inputs and output that calculation without ever submitting the form back to the server .
If you just return false onsubmit , in the above example , it will calculate number_1 plus number_2 , and provide you the answer .
Like many things discussed in this tutorial , this is something that we can accomplish today with JavaScript , but this really lessens the amount of code that we need to write in the future .
Progress and Meter
The final two new elements are progress and meter .
They are similar , but with one difference .
Progress is meant to be used to measure the progress of a specific task .
For instance , if you might have five more pages to complete before a survey is done , you would show the progress element in that area .
The meter , on the other hand , is a measurement of something .
You might want to show the remaining disk space a user has left .
You would use the meter to display that measurement .
There are new boundary elements , such as low , high and optimum .
These supersede the min or max elements ; so if they exceed them , they become the new lower and upper limits of the form .
Like the rest of the HTML 5 form changes , browser implementation is poor at the moment .
Heres what seems to work , and what does n't ( at the time of this writing ) .
Conclusion
From what I can see , there is no reason to not start using HTML 5 forms .
The input elements and types all degrade nicely , even in IE6 , where they are either ignored as elements , or degraded to text inputs .
We are going to have to wait a while for the validation attributes to become a reality , but with that said , there are still some uses today without those advantages .
For instance , the iPhone modifies the keyboard if you are using the url , email , or number types .
The range input type is already supported in WebKit browsers , so you could be the first kid on the block with a number slider that works without JavaScript .
The spec is rapidly finalizing , and browsers are catching up rather quickly to the paradigm shifts .
There is no time like the present to at least begin playing with these new toys !
What do you think ?
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer today signed a controversial immigration bill into state law , advancing a politically charged debate that is already having reverberations in Washington .
" Respect for the rule of law means respect for every law , " said Brewer , a Republican .
" People across America are watching Arizona .
" We in Arizona have been more than patient waiting for Washington to act , " Brewer added .
" But decades of inaction and misguided policy have created a dangerous and unacceptable situation . "
Brewer 's decision came just hours after President Obama called the proposal " misguided . "
At a naturalization ceremony for new U.S. citizens today , Obama pressed Congress to revamp federal immigration policy or face the possibility of " irresponsibility by others . "
The law , which will take effect in 90 days , will make it a state crime to be in the country illegally .
The measure would require migrants to produce papers verifying their status when asked to do so by a police officer , according to a story in The Arizona Republic .
Debate over the Arizona policy comes as immigration is once again moving to the fore in Washington .
Earlier this week , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , said Congress may take up immigration after it finishes a pending financial regulation bill .
" If the Senate is ready with an immigration bill , we do n't want anybody holding it up for any reason , " she said .
Back in Arizona , Brewer is facing a tough election year , including a contested primary and what the non-partisan Cook Political Report has rated a " toss - up " general election .
State Treasurer Dean Martin , who is running against Brewer in the GOP primary , called on her to sign the bill .
State Rep. Russell Pearce , the Republican state lawmaker who sponsored the legislation , said critics of the bill are " against law enforcement , our citizens and the rule of law , " according to the Associated Press .
But civil rights and Hispanic groups have condemned the measure , arguing it could lead to profiling .
Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D - Ill. , a member of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus , said today he will travel to Phoenix to take part in protests planned this weekend .
" Now the national spotlight is focused squarely on Arizona , " Gutierrez said in a statement .
" People from all over the country are making their way to Phoenix to stand up with and stand up for immigrants and Latinos in the state . "
Updated at 5:05 p.m. ET .
Brewer 's office has posted the governor 's full statement here .
Updated at 5:20 p.m. ET .
Hundreds of protesters surrounded the Arizona State Capitol and began chanting " shame on you , " seconds after Brewer signed the law , The Arizona Republic reports here .
Demonstrators have been camped outside the Capitol since the measure was approved by the state legislature on Monday , according to the Associated Press .
Their numbers have grown through the week .
Updated at 5:24 p.m. ET .
The Los Angeles - based Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund is already threatening to test the law 's constitutionality .
The group " will be pursuing all legal avenues to challenge this law , " MALDEF president Thomas Saenz said in a statement .
" We have every expectation , based upon judicial precedent and unquestioned constitutional values , that [ the law ] will be enjoined before it can ever take effect . "
Updated at 6:17 p.m. ET .
A group of faith leaders is calling the new law a " moral and social sin . "
( Posted by John Fritze )
Print media guides ?
Who will need stinkin ' print media guides now that the much balleyhooed and hyped iPad is arriving in stores ?
The answer is no one will if , and only if , two things happen .
The first is that teams at all levels will need to get all of their historic and current information into digital form .
The second is that collegiate and professional teams / leagues would need to come together and agree on a presentation standard across all leagues and teams .
While these are big " IF " , the results could be a transformation for the sports broadcast booth ( and production trucks ) , as well as print media , that is unlike any other .
This is not hype , this is truth , and here is why .
Getting ready for a live game production is a paper intensive event .
Producers , associate producers , production assistants ( broadcast associates in the parlance of CBS Sports and FOX Sports ) , and on - air game talent spend countless hours going through media guides , online sites , and historical information to prepare for a game .
When they arrive at a game site , they are laden with the heavy and mostly useless print media guides that contain SOME information they may need during a broadcast .
When they leave , they more often than not toss them in the trash to lighten their load .
In fact , the recent drive by the NCAA to eliminate print media guides has many that work in the sports broadcast industry cringing .
On - air talent ( and their statisticians ) need a reference they can quickly open to get the information they need .
The current idea being pushed by the NCAA and some conferences is to put the information on - line .
In the parlance of Twitter and other social media , this is a big #FAIL for a number of reasons .
One is the configuration of the broadcast booths .
Not all booths are equal .
Take a tour of the press boxes of stadia and arenas .
You will be amazed how different they can be in size and shape .
In many of them , there is no place to put a laptop to access information .
Do n't believe me ?
Take a visit to Death Valley in Clemson , the old TV booth at RFK Stadium in Washington , D.C. , or even the auxiliary television booths at Sanford Stadium at the University of Georgia .
Try to find space in the TV booth at the Honda Center in Anaheim , California .
Heck , even the camera can fit in there .
A print media guide you can grab off the floor , get what you need , and toss it back on the floor .
Try that with a laptop or netbook .
Another practical reason is that wireless access in a TV booth is spotty , if available at all .
If information is only available online , it becomes inaccessible .
PDF files are whole other nightmare because they are not easily accessible , even if stored locally .
And then you have to guess where the information is stored in the document .
The iPad changes all of that .
That is , it can change all of that if designed intelligently from a user 's perspective .
In the image above you see a simulated iPad interface with a broadcast flip card from San Diego State University .
All a commentator or statistician would have to do is tap the players picture and a biographical / stats summary could come up , or all of their historic and current stats could display .
Even though many of the announcers I have worked with say they are technophobes , they still use Blackberries and iPhones during a game to read their email or get scores from other games .
So the iPad can keep them in their comfort zone .
Add to this the small physical footprint of the iPad .
It is compact and lightweight .
It will fit easily into their satchels .
Production and talent can pull it out on an airplane and do their work ( assuming off - line content availability in the " app . "
On -air talent can have it sitting next to their monitors during a broadcast and easily get the information they need .
No longer would they have to put their own notes next to players names on their spotting charts or basketball rosters .
It would be just a quick touch away .
Of course , they may still want to do that as a safety net , but they would not have to .
These thoughts are not new to me this week .
When the iPad was first announced , people asked what good it would be in a practical work environment .
This was my immediate thought .
Now that Apple is delivering the product , hopefully someone will make it a reality .
Oh wait , there is already one collegiate conference that had their iPad application ready to roll out a few months ago .
That conference will not have to wait .
So for all of the leaders and thinkers out in the sports information world : the iPad is ready to transform the way information is distributed and consumed .
Are you ready get together and come up with some standards ?
Are you ready to join in the revolution ?
Transporters can :
Combine two distinct entities into one .
( Tuvix )
Split a single entity into two copies , neither and both of which are the original .
( Riker )
Split a single entity into an " evil " and " good " version of the original .
( Kirk )
Transform you into a child version of yourself ( complete with miniaturized clothing ! )
( Guinan , Ro , Picard and others )
Send you into another universe where everyone is the same except evil and bearded .
( Mirror universe )
Turn you into some kind of quantum particle ghost .
( The son of the guy who invented it , Enterprise )
I think I 'll take the shuttle .
( these are just what I can think of off the top of my head , I 'm sure there 's more . )
We are coming up on graduation season and the focus on college will be starting soon .
There is a lot of confusion about which college savings plans are the best to save for college .
It ’s never too early to start looking at college funding for your children – even if there is one on the way ( Pete ! :) )
Most of us have heard of 529 plans , and there are advantages and disadvantages to using 529 College Savings plans for college , but have you thought about using your Roth IRA for college funding ?
Let ’s check out the positives and negatives .
Advantages to Using a Roth IRA for College Savings
10 % Penalty is Waived for Early Distribution
If you decide you should open a Roth IRA and would like to use it for college savings , but you will be taking the money before you turn 59 1/2 , the 10 % penalty for early withdrawals is waived .
Of course , this is provided you are using the money for college education expenses .
The same goes for withdrawing from Traditional IRAs as well .
Remember , you can always pull contributions out of your Roth IRA at any time without tax or penalty because it ’s after - tax money .
Normally if you pull earnings out of your Roth IRA early there is a 10 % penalty applied to those withdrawals – so that is waived .
The Government Does n’t Factor Your Roth IRA Value for Financial Aid
Financial
Aid is a big part of college funding , but the government does not count the Roth IRA values when you are applying for financial aid .
This is huge for those hoping to get some money from financial aid and are worried about shooting themselves in the foot because they ’ve saved some money .
You Still Have Retirement Savings If Your Child Does n’t Go to College
One of the big detractors for 529 plans is that if your child does n’t go to school and let ’s say you do n’t have another who will go to college , then all of the earnings in your 529 plan are taxable and distributions are also penalized with a 10 % penalty !
With the Roth IRA ; however , you do n’t have to worry whether your child wants to go to college or would rather move to L.A. and start a rock band after graduation .
Your money will still be in your name and will be used for your own retirement !
Disadvantages of Using a Roth IRA for College Savings
Earnings are Taxable
Roth IRA rules state that you can withdraw your contributions at any time without tax or penalty .
Any earnings however , must have been in the account for at least 5 years and if used for higher education they are still taxable .
The 10 % penalty for early distribution are waived , but the taxes are still owed .
Distributions from a Roth IRA are Counted as Income for Financial Aid
Ok , so they do n’t count the values of the Roth , but after you ’ve taken a distribution –
“ The entire IRA distribution , taxable or not , must be included in base - year income on the student ’s federal financial - aid application for the following year ” according to Joseph Hurley , CPA for Bankrate.com .
This can reduce your needs - based financial aid package .
Your Contributions are Limited
You can only put in the max of $ 5,500 per year to the Roth IRA ( $ 6,500 if over age 50 ) provided you have at least $ 5,500 of earned income .
With a 529 your contributions are essentially unlimited .
You Reduce Your Retirement Nest Egg
The last big trade off is the fact that you will be using your own retirement nest egg for your child ’s college savings .
Unless you know how much you need to retire and are sure that using your Roth IRA for college wo n’t impact your retirement picture , then you may want to think twice .
What are Your Thoughts – Are Roth IRAs Good Ideas for College Savings ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments .
Got some conflicting news reported this morning from Entertainment Weekly who have caught up with Rome creator Bruno Heller .
During an interview with the man who brought us one of the best TV series of all time that is Rome , he said that
“ The movie , which picks up in Germany four years after the series ended . ”
The reason I say conflicting information is that I interviews Kevin McKidd a few weeks ago during the press junket for Percy Jackson and the Lightning Thief and he said he ’s read the script and that it was going to be a stand alone version that would n’t actually follow the TV series .
You can listen to my interview here .
I ’ve just listened back to the interview and he states “ he ’s read the first draft ” so I guess things may well have moved on .
Spoiler ahead !
The problem I have with it is that if they want to get Lucius Vorenus ( Kevin McKidd ) back they ’re going to have to resurrect him as he died at the end of the second season .
I guess more info as we get it .
The validity of the iPad as a casual device — something you can use to check your e-mail , surf the Internet on the couch , or watch a movie in bed — has never really been in question .
The real question is , " Can I convince my boss to buy me one ? "
Unless your boss is Michael Scott , chances are he ’s going to want to know if you can actually be productive with it .
With its port of the iWork desktop suite , Apple is hoping that you can be , and that the iPad can be more than a toy .
“ I ’m an importer / exporter . ”
i Work for the iPad would n’t be of much use if you could create documents only to have them constrained to the device .
Fortunately , Apple has included import and export functionality ; unfortunately , that import and export functionality is n’t very good .
There are three import / export flavors to choose from , multiple formats , a cable , and an application that is already asked to do too much .
When it comes to importing and exporting , your best bet is e-mail .
You can import Word and Pages documents into Pages , Excel and Numbers documents into Numbers , and Powerpoint and Keynote documents into Keynote from any e-mail you receive .
Exporting through e-mail , on the other hand , is n’t as flexible .
You can export a Pages document as a Pages document , a Word document , or a PDF ; a Keynote presentation in the native format or a PDF ( PPT format is inexplicably left out ) ; and a Numbers document in Numbers format or as a PDF ( no XLS exporting ) .
While the choices would be excellent if all our colleagues used iWork on a Mac , the majority do not .
So the suite 's e-mail export functionality is lacking , which is sad , because it ’s the best option .
If you need to make a few quick changes to that Excel spreadsheet that your colleague sent to you and then send it back to her quickly , you 'll have to send it back in Numbers format and hope she can do the conversion on her end .
The second option for importing and exporting is Apple ’s iWork.com .
To work on a document that 's on iWork.com , you have to download it in Mobile Safari , prompting the device to open it within the application .
This was n’t immediately clear to me at first , as I thought that it was only possible to view a document stored in the iWork service on the iPad through Mobile Safari .
It was n’t until I read our complete iPad review that I realized you could download and edit the whole document .
Exporting to iWork.com after you 've made your changes is straightforward — you simply choose iWork.com from the export dialog from the main menu of any of the iPad applications .
The export also lets you send e-mail notifications of what document is being shared , as well as a URL to the document .
In a perfect world , you would just load an iWork share similar to a MobileMe drive , but the service is in beta , so there may yet be hope .
One nice thing about iWork.com is that PC users can download documents from the service in a format that they can actually read and write , which means that it 's less difficult to collaborate on documents with Microsoft Office users .
The third and final import / export option is what Apple calls " file sharing . "
You need a computer with iTunes installed , an iPad ( of course ) , and perhaps most irritating , a USB - to - dock connector cable .
The whole experience of tethering the iPad to the computer really brings back memories of connecting two machines via a null modem cable to play Warcraft in 1996 .
To import a file , whether a PPT , Keynote , Excel , Numbers , Pages , or Word document , you must first plug your iPad into your computer , open iTunes , go to the " Apps " tab , scroll to the bottom , select the application you want to send a document to , and then choose the file from an open dialog box .
Once you 're done with that , you go back to the iPad , go to the " open a document " screen in any of the three apps , tap on the folder icon on the upper right - hand corner of the screen , and then select the document you want to import .
It really is like magic ( k ) !
I ’m no marketing expert , but Apple may want to stay away from the phrase “ There is no step 10 ! ” in the advertising materials .
Exporting is done in much the same way , but in reverse : you select a menu option from within the app that lets you export via file sharing , then you connect the iPad to the computer , open iTunes , open the Apps tab , scroll to the bottom , find the document you want , and finally drag it into a folder on your computer .
You can then open the document on your desktop or laptop computer .
The whole " file sharing " process is obviously just another step towards iTunes replacing the Finder .
Why ca n’t I do this over Bluetooth or WiFi ?
Why does n’t the iPad just mount on the desktop like a drive ?
In Apple ’s attempt to make this as simple as possible for everyone , they have made it excruciating for those who know what they are doing , and inexplicably difficult for those who have no clue .
Importing and exporting across formats is basically what you would expect .
Some formatting is wrong , errors crop up , but the majority of the content is there .
There are , however , certain features that just are n’t supported in the iWork for iPad suite .
During our testing , we ran into issues importing across applications , but also when importing from the desktop version of the software to the iPad version .
Some of the errors we ran into stemmed from the iPad app 's inability to group objects , and we also saw some table - related issues .
If what you 're doing is mission - critical , you must check formatting and errors before presenting an end product , and remind yourself this is n’t the same iWork suite you 're accustomed to on the Mac .
In an interesting article on CounterPunch , Nikolas Kozloff examines Carville 's ties to South America and his subsequent ties to the very company that ( partially ) caused the oil spill he crows about on TV .
With Kozloff reporting that a job in Bolivia - also connected to BP , as I will explain in a bit - netted about $ 30,000 a month for the man , it 's not hard to imagine why he did n't have a problem with the company before this .
Somewhat strangely , after Clinton 's presidency , Carville became an international political consultant .
In what could probably be described as some weird new kind of imperialism , he brought American style politics ( including reverence for a corporatist " free market " and militarism ) to campaigns as diverse as Tony Blair 's in the UK , Greek Prime Minister Constantine Mitsotakis ' , the President of Panama's , and now the establishment candidate 's in Colombia , among others .
As it is described on the website of " Democracy Corp , " the consulting firm Carville is part of :
Carville also has international campaign experience , having worked as a political advisor to Greek Prime Minister Constantine Mitsotakis and done political work in Central and South America .
Kozloff goes into detail about Carville 's various stints in South and Central America , talking first about his role in Panama , then Argentina , Ecuador , Bolivia , and now Colombia .
Aside from the highly questionable ethics of what Carville is doing ( because of the fundamental undemocratic nature of it , among other aspects ) , his work in Colombia and Bolivia is of particular interest .
To back up a step , let 's just look at a few things Carville has said about the Deepwater Horizon oil spill ...
" I do know , for too long , they were taking BP 's word for everything which turned out to be wrong at every junction .
It 's all turned out on the wrong side ...
I think the president has to address the nation .
His legacy depends on what happens with the oil in the Gulf of Mexico . "
--5/31/2010 " Man , you got to get down here and take control of this , put somebody in charge of this thing and get this moving .
We 're about to die down here . "
--5/26/2010 " I think they actually believe that BP has some kind of a good motivation here , " he said .
" They 're naive !
BP is trying to save money , save everything they can ...
They wo n't tell us anything , and oddly enough , the government seems to be going along with it !
Somebody has got to , like shake them and say , ' These people do n't wish you well !
They 're going to take you down ! ' "
--5/21/2010
In Bolivia , Carville helped a president who was - at least for Bolivian politics , where the strong socialist Evo Moralez is now president - very favorable to " free markets , " Gonzalo Sánchez de Losada .
A 2004 piece in the Nation gives a brief overview of how Bolivia 's relationship with the oil industry has progressed since then , from the perspective of examining a referendum that was passed repealing the privatization laws of Carville 's candidate :
Early returns indicated an 80 percent majority in favor of repealing the existing hydrocarbons law pushed in the 1990s by the hated Sánchez de Lozada ( or " Goni " ) , whose political consultants were the star liberal Democratic pollster Stanley Greenberg and former presidential campaign manager James Carville .
The Washington - based Greenberg firm represents British Petroleum , one of the multinationals with billions invested in Bolivia .
BP supported the referendum , along with the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and the World Bank , as did US Embassy officials , because the possible alternative -- an Indian - led revolution - - was even worse .
Now in Colombia , Carville actually helped a candidate who might be friendly to BP 's offshore drilling - because of his friendliness to , as Kozloff says , " foreign investment " - at the same time he has become such a presence in the US media over the oil spill in the Gulf .
To briefly summarize the Colombian election , held yesterday , from an American perspective : the militaristic and relatively capitalist candidate Juan Manuel Santos was the candidate of the establishment and the favorite of current president Uribe .
But Green Party candidate Antanas Mockus , who was previously part of a line of very successful mayors of Bogotá , unexpectedly surged in the polls in the past few months , actually overtaking Santos for a while .
In a field of nine candidates , yesterday Santos received about 46 % of the vote while Mockus got about 21 % , meaning that there will be a June 20 runoff .
Mockus is viewed as a kind of anti-politician politician , and will be the first Green Party head of state anywhere in the world if elected .
So .
Back to James Carville , who has been consulting Santos .
Here , Kozloff explains it much better than I could :
All of this prior history is now being brought to bear on Colombia , where Carville in his role as political confidant once again stands to play an influential role .
In Colombia , as in Bolivia , energy companies loom large .
Recently , Bogotá has militarily taken on guerrilla forces and undertaken measures to make the investment climate more promising for foreign oil corporations .
As a result , the country has seen rising petroleum investment , and currently BP is a key player in Colombia .
A company which has already accumulated a sordid environmental and human rights track record in Colombia , BP is --- incredibly --- thinking about commencing exploratory drilling in offshore Colombian oil blocs .
Colombia needs to give BP the boot if it wants to avert disasters like the one in the Gulf , yet it ’s by no means clear that Carville ’s man Santos is the one to take on the oil industry .
An establishment politician who favors the military and foreign investment , Santos would seem to be an unlikely environmental champion .
His opponent , Antanas Mockus , is no radical either and it ’s not clear whether he would usher in an environmental revolution in Colombia .
However , if Mockus was victorious he would be the first Green Party president in the world .
A politician who wants to restore integrity and legality to Colombian politics , Mockus is therefore more likely to rein in Big Oil .
I am not writing this in order to defend President Obama .
In fact , I agree to a certain extent with James Carville on Obama 's handling of the situation .
And if Obama had been more concerned about this problem before the spill occurred , then maybe it would n't have happened .
I do not blame Obama entirely , either .
The message of this is not that Obama is at fault or James Carville is entirely wrong - it is that James Carville is a hypocritical political power player who really does not care about ordinary people .
His hypocrisy is emblematic of many of those in power , those who put their own self - interest above the good of the people of the world .
Even if Carville has genuinely started to come around since he 's been personally affected by the oil spill , then that just proves that he is selfish enough not to realize the consequences of what he was doing .
Carville 's brand of international corporate - dominated politics is exactly what allowed the BP disaster to occur .
And now Carville has the cajones to not only continue practicing this work , but to do it at the same time that he is condmening the exact same company which he is , in reality , helping .
As long as our politics is dominated by hypocrites like Carville , we wo n't see an end to disasters like the Deepwater Horizon spill .
During the final yomp through the election battlegrounds , David Cameron will be adapting the motto of the SAS .
Who Scares Wins .
The Tories will try to put the frighteners on the floaters .
Fear is now their best hope of squeaking a parliamentary majority on a minority of the vote .
They want to chill the blood of voters with the allegedly calamitous consequences for Britain if the election does not produce a clear winner .
The logic of David Cameron 's argument against a hung parliament is that if the voters wo n't supply a " strong and decisive " government by giving him a Commons majority , then they ought to hand one to Gordon Brown or Nick Clegg .
The Tory leader does not , of course , want us to think that .
When he says Britain will be let down if there is not a single - party government , he means it will be unpatriotic not to vote for him , a contention at once presumptuous and condescending .
This at least clarifies the invitation " to join the government " which he first issued at his manifesto launch .
Anyone can join so long as they vote Conservative .
One
Tory tactic will be a traditional technique of the late campaign : the third party squeeze .
To voters who have boarded the Cleggwagon , the Tories warn that they could end up inadvertently putting Gordon Brown back in Downing Street .
Vote Yellow .
Get Brown .
The Tories will turn up the volume of that claim in the climactic days .
I am sceptical that this will work as effectively as it has in the past .
The proposition that Gordon Brown could limp back to Number 10 seems very implausible unless there is a dramatic shift between now and Thursday .
At the final leaders ' debate , he conceded that " if things stay as they are " , he will no longer be prime minister , breaking the cardinal rule of electioneering that you should always maintain that you are going to win .
In the wake of his self - inflicted humiliation on a Rochdale housing estate , this prime minister looks like a boxer who has been hit once too often .
I am among those who have made jokes about him only relinquishing his grip on the doorknob of Number 10 when all his fingers are broken .
The perversities of first past the post do throw up permutations in which Labour comes third in the vote and yet ends up with the most seats in the Commons .
But no one serious in any party thinks Mr Brown could cling on for anything more than a brief transition period in those circumstances .
The sharpened presidentialism of the contest because of the TV debates makes this election even more of a personal verdict on the leaders .
Nick Clegg was tactically smart to say that he would not let a third - placed Gordon Brown " squat " in Downing Street .
For Labour , too , fear looks like their last hope .
Peter Mandelson argued , in a campaign memo released yesterday , that the election will be decided in a 100 Labour / Tory marginals .
" To those flirting with the Lib Dems in these seats , we need to make sure they know that a Lib Dem vote is the surest route to a Tory government . "
Vote Clegg .
Get Cameron .
Labour will turn up the amplification on that claim .
There is certainly a dilemma for Lib Dem supporters in seats where Labour still appears to be the principal opponent to the Conservatives .
Do they vote Lib Dem nevertheless in order to maximise their national vote , strengthen its case for electoral reform and boost Nick Clegg 's bargaining power in a hung parliament ?
Or do they lend a vote to Labour to make it harder for the Tories , the party most implacably opposed to reform ?
Labour has been loaned a lot of these votes at the last three elections .
If they want to borrow them again , the Dark Prince will have to find a more persuasive appeal to Lib Dem voters .
The classical squeeze on the third party will be much harder to execute in a volatile election that has turned out to be anything but traditional .
As most of the opinion polls stand now , the Lib Dems are no longer the third party anyway .
That unenviable distinction belongs to Labour .
There is barely concealed terror at senior levels of the party that they could come third in a general election for the first time in exactly a century .
Nor do the Conservatives have an utterly unambiguous claim to be the first party when some polls have the Lib Dems breathing down their necks .
Nick Clegg is even making the bold assertion that Labour is effectively out of it and the contest has turned into " a two - horse race " between himself and David Cameron .
The Lib Dem leader may be getting a bit ahead of himself , but I can see why he is relishing being able to say this .
After decades when they have been the victims of the squeeze , the Lib Dems are at last in a position to flip that game back on Labour and the Tories .
At countless byelections , the Lib Dems have prospered by turning themselves into the vehicle to defeat one of the other two .
" A Labour vote is a wasted vote , " they will say in Tory - held constituencies .
" Tories can't win here , " they will say in Labour - held constituencies .
In the remaining days of the campaign , Nick Clegg 's dream is to turn the general election into one enormous byelection .
Since Gordon Brown is of fading use to the Conservatives as a bogeyman , the Tories will endeavour to scare the swingers with another spectre .
Be very afraid , they will tell us , of a legislature in which no one party wields absolute power .
It will be the worst fate to a befall Britain since the Black Death – or , at any rate , since the 1970s .
David Cameron avers that supporting the Lib Dems will be " a vote for uncertainty " .
In truth , a cross in the box for any of them will be a vote for uncertainty .
None of them has said how they will bridge the huge gaps in their plans to tackle the deficit which were recently identified by the Institute of Fiscal Studies .
All three have been economical with the truth about the tax rises and spending cuts which will follow whatever the result this Thursday .
Alistair Darling has been candid enough to warn that the spending squeeze will be more severe than that implemented by Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s .
She came to power with 44 % of the vote .
Even if the Tories do manage to achieve a parliamentary majority , I can't find many Conservatives who expect to match the Thatcher vote share in 1979 .
Since neither they nor anyone else has any chance of winning half of the popular vote – or even remotely close to it – no party will have an unarguable mandate on 7 May .
The governor of the Bank of England is reportedly of the view that this is an election to lose because whoever finds themselves in office will become so unpopular that they will thereafter be out of power for a generation .
Many voters have already intuited that resolving the economic challenge and reforming politics are burdens of responsibility too heavy for one party ruling in splendid and very unpopular isolation .
The polls indicate that a substantial number of voters , even half of the country , actively desire a result which denies absolute power to any single party .
The derogatory term " hung parliament " is rather peculiar to Britain .
In most mature democracies , it is taken for granted that one party will rarely be so popular that it gets to rule on its own .
Germany has been governed by coalition governments for most of the time since 1945 .
Germany has been no less stable – and in some respects rather more – than Britain .
Its economic performance has also been superior .
The Scottish parliament has been " hung " from its establishment in 1999 to now .
It produced a durable Lab - Lib coalition for the first eight years and then the current three - year - old Nationalist minority administration .
The sky has not fallen in .
You might argue that these examples do n't exactly read across – and I agree they do n't entirely – to a Westminster government faced with tackling an enormous deficit .
It is indeed a massive challenge , but not the greatest that has ever faced this nation .
Britain 's time of gravest peril in the past 300 years was the Second World War .
Winston Churchill successfully thwarted the threat of Nazi invasion and led his country to victory – at the head of a coalition government .
Co-operation was strength at a time of national emergency .
A single party trying to rule on its own after an election in which support was so evenly spread between three parties will be at risk of being crippled by a lack of legitimacy even before it begins to make some excruciatingly painful choices .
Which would actually be stronger and more durable ?
A government with a fragile parliamentary majority or no majority at all which came to power with the support of a minority of voters ?
Or a coalition or other arrangement between two parties which could rightly claim that they represent , between them , a much wider range of voters and many more of them ?
The Tories currently decry coalition and so do many Labour voices .
By the morning of 7 May , it might suddenly look rather attractive to share responsibility for inflicting the cuts with a partner .
Perhaps the better question to ask during these final days of campaigning is whether the Lib Dems actually want to take up that burden .
• More election comment from Cif at the polls
A stable climate is possible , and so are equitable societies that are just and peaceful .
But the world does n’t get better on its own .
It gets better because people work together to make it that way .
And the good news is that when we stand together and act , we can make the change we need to see in the world .
Together we protect the Earth ’s ability to sustain life .
We challenge the power of big polluters and corporate influence over governments .
We resist those who seek to trap us in old destructive patterns .
And we work together to transform the ways we feed and fuel our world to ones that work with nature , and not against it .
( WOMENSENEWS ) –The Kentucky Domestic Violence Association has extended interest - free microloans to 41 women throughout its 15 member organizations since 2009 .
The loans are pegged to savings accounts that match every dollar saved with two dollars , doubling the financial lift .
While the interest - free loan is truly micro–typically between just $ 200 and $ 800 –it can provide a crucial financial boost , enough to help a woman fleeing abuse meet the first month ’s rent on an apartment or pay for transportation to a new job .
At the same time it can protect her from a predatory or " payday " lender that can charge interest rates that go as high as 400 percent , taken annually .
Microloans for battered women are still a rarity .
But what ’s even more notable about this program , funded by over $ 200,000 in grants from the Allstate Foundation of Northbrook , Ill. , is that survivors are getting their repayments monitored by credit bureaus that usually wo n’t report these types of non-traditional loans .
That means the women not only get crucial cash in hand , their repayments are also helping to generate and improve credit scores , essential for such personal - finance basics as renting an apartment or buying a car .
Credit Builders Alliance
The safety advocacy group has managed to report their microloans to credit bureaus by working through the Credit Builders Alliance , a 4 - year - old Washington - based group assisting the nonprofits that serve low - to moderate - income individuals to build their credit and access conventional financing .
" They did all the heavy lifting , " said Mary O’Doherty , economic empowerment director for the Kentucky Domestic Violence Association , based in Frankfort , in a telephone interview .
Vikki Frank is founder and executive director of Credit Builders Alliance .
" What we ’ve learned from working with the Kentucky Domestic Violence Association is that in many domestic - violence households women are n’t in control of the finances , " Frank said in an interview with Women ’s eNews at a New York City brasserie .
" They often do n’t have their names on the utilities , mortgage , credit cards or bank accounts .
So these credit lines go even further in helping domestic violence survivors to become economically self - sufficient by establishing credit as an asset with accounts in their names . "
The Credit Builders Alliance has 100 members that offer microloans .
All the loans are reported to Experian , based in Costa Mesa , Calif. , and TransUnion of Chicago , two of the three major credit bureaus .
Equifax , based in Atlanta , does not work with the Credit Builders Alliance .
So far , Kentucky Domestic Violence Association is the only member of the alliance that acts as a lender to women escaping abusive homes .
One other member , Building Security Through Assets and Financial Education in Helena , Mont. , arranges loans for women escaping domestic violence by referring them to local credit unions .
So far , however , that project has only extended one micro loan since 2004 .
Borrowers Build Collateral
In the Kentucky program women make contributions to an " individual development account " for at least six months before qualifying for a micro loan that can be no more than the amount in the individual development accounts .
The accounts serve as the borrower ’s collateral , with their deposits matched by money from Allstate Foundation grants to the Kentucky organization ’s economic empowerment project .
Accounts can grow to a maximum of $ 6,000 , with $ 4,000 of that coming from the Allstate funds .
Among the 41 recipients of the Kentucky Domestic Violence - Allstate program , about one quarter began with no credit history .
In a year of lending , approximately 15 borrowers have increased their credit scores by 50 points .
Two have increased scores by 105 and 126 points .
Only three women have missed payments on the loans .
" The biggest improvement in credit scores we see are when a borrower uses our microloans in conjunction with other forms of credit such as a credit card , " said O’Doherty .
" We see the biggest jump in scores when they make payments on time to all creditors , including the domestic violence organization . "
When a borrower misses payments it must be reported , but no penalty exists , said O’Doherty .
After three consecutive missed payments , the Kentucky group simply pays off the remainder of the loan from funds in the borrower ’s savings account and reports the loans as paid back early , in full .
" Missed payments do n’t have as negative an impact on credit scores as defaults do , and because of how we set up the program , no women will ever default , " explained O’Doherty .
If a borrower repays the loan in full , the money in her individual account is still there , along with the funds that have been matched .
Regina Varolli is a freelance writer and editor based in Manhattan , and the owner of Words by Regina Varolli and Co .
She blogs about food at Culinary Sagacity .
For more information :
Credit Builders Alliance
http://www.creditbuildersalliance.org/
Kentucky Domestic Violence Association
http://www.kdva.org/index.php
The Allstate Foundation
http://www.allstate.com/foundation.aspx
Note : Women ’s eNews is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites and the contents of site the link points to may change .
Over the weekend , Ars Technica made an interesting notion that Google may come under heavy fire by the Parents Television Council , the group partially responsible for Apple 's recent Sweep of Death through the Apps Store that nuked numerous porn-related apps .
The same group now wants to go after other mobile platforms , including the Android Market .
" We plan to draw attention to other platforms , such as Android , or Verizon 's Vcast service , that are n't really doing anything , " said the PTC 's national grassroots director McKiernan . "
We definitely want to see progress from some of the other handheld devices . "
The comment came immediately after Steve Jobs shot down Google 's mobile OS as an all - you - can - eat porn buffet open to the entire family .
While the availability of mobile porn may appeal to some , Jobs had a point :
Google currently does not offer any type of parenting control for Android - based devices .
With that said , any Android owner can jump on the Market and download apps that can stream pure porn to the device .
But it does n't stop there either .
Users can also toggle on the Android 's ability to install apps from " unknown sources " -- those not listed on the Market .
Not only does this allow the use of " homebrew " applications ( which is a whole other piracy issue in itself ) , it also opens the door to additional porn- related applications .
This could be problematic for parents who purchased an Android - based smartphone for their children , especially those under the age of 18 .
In fact , providing access to porn could be a legal issue .
Again , there needs to be parental controls .
The PTC made it clear that it was n't set out to ban porn altogether , but rather wants it inaccessible to the minors .
" Our goal is on limiting children 's access to objectionable content and ensuring parents have the ability to limit this access when deemed necessary , " McKiernan told Ars .
" We take no stance on the ability of adults to access legal images , movies , or whatever the case may be . "
With four silver sheets hung
from horizontal arms and attached to a stout mast , MegaWatt Solar 's trademark solar system brings to mind a square - rigged schooner of old .
But instead of catching the wind , the sheets — actually parabolic mirrors — reflect sunlight onto a thin band of photovoltaic cells suspended in front of them .
MegaWatt Solar , based in Hillsborough , N.C. , is one of dozens of companies around the globe who are counting on a new generation of concentrating solar photovoltaics ( CPV ) to provide renewable electricity on a utility scale at a price competitive with conventional sources .
All photovoltaic ( PV ) systems use solar cells made of a semiconductor material to capture sunlight and convert it to electricity .
Most are flat - plate systems that are stationary and involve no concentration of sunlight .
Thin film systems do the same .
The most expensive component of these PV systems is the cell , so if you can use less of them to produce the same amount of energy , you are dollars ahead .
One way to do that is to concentrate sunlight on the cell .
CPV systems designed with parabolic reflectors concentrate sunlight on the order of 20 times ( 20 x ) .
Systems using magnifying lenses that can achieve concentrations of up to 1000x .
Parabolic reflectors are also used for concentrated solar thermal power , such as the Solar Energy Generating Systems built in the Mojave Desert in the 1980s .
These systems heat fluid in a pipe , which in turn produces steam to drive an electric turbine .
CPV systems convert sunlight directly into electricity with much greater efficiency and , theoretically , far less up front and maintenance costs .
CPV currently represents a small fraction , about 0.1 percent , of installed PV capacity around the world .
Flat - plate systems , with their simple , well - proven design , are better suited to the small , off - grid applications that have dominated the markets to date .
But recent mandates that electric utilities generate a certain fraction of their output from renewable sources , combined with breakthroughs in CPV technology , are opening doors for this industry .
The biggest advances are being made in solar - cell efficiency .
Traditional PV systems use silicon cells that capture only one band of sunlight and convert it to electricity with about 20 percent efficiency .
CPV systems use multi-junction cells that , layered like a cake , capture three bands of light .
These have achieved efficiencies of 41 percent and hold the promise of 50 percent or higher .
Made of materials such as germanium and gallium arsenide , multi-junction cells are more expensive than silicon , but in CPV systems far fewer are needed to capture the same amount of light .
Improvements in optics and an ingenious use of materials are also raising efficiencies and lowering costs .
Megawatt Solar is taking a low - cost approach , manufacturing its 20 x parabolic reflectors out of Dibond , a material used to make advertising signs .
SolFocus , of Mountain View , Calif. , has gone high - tech with its optics , using a unique combination of mirrors and lenses to achieve a concentration of 500x .
Motors and controls that allow the solar array to track the sun have also improved .
Software programs have been developed to keep the array pointed at the sun even when it has gone behind clouds or over the horizon .
Stronger materials and better designs give the latest arrays a higher wind tolerance than earlier systems .
Because lenses or reflectors on CPV systems can only focus a direct beam of light , not diffuse light , they are best suited for areas like the southwestern U.S. , where peak electrical demand occurs on sunny afternoons .
" CPV is already cost - effective in Southern California at times of peak demand , " says Bob Cart , founder of San Francisco–based GreenVolts , which has a contract with Pacific Gas & Electric Company to provide 4670 megawatt - hours per of electricity , roughly the annual demand of 1000 homes .
Despite its recent allure , CPV faces serious challenges .
Because the industry is young and demand for its products low , manufacturing costs remain high .
Lowering prices requires automation ; however , investors are reluctant to put big money into a technology for which there is limited field experience .
" The problem is greatest for the many newcomer CPV companies that have no real - world deployment experience to back up their claims , " says Terry Peterson , solar power consultant to the Electric Power Research Institute and the U.S. Department of Energy .
" Prudent investors know the odds are that these systems will require design adjustments in the first several incarnations … and this invariably drives up costs , sometimes dramatically . "
Sarah Kurtz , principal scientist for the National Renewable Energy Laboratory , remains optimistic .
Kurtz just returned from CPV - 6 , the International Conference on CPV held in Freiberg , Germany .
" System efficiencies are edging up , a few companies are reporting installation of automated assembly lines , and several are reporting months or years of field data , " she says .
" CPV has the potential to capture a significant fraction of the market , but will require a few more years before we can see large increases in deployment . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Under the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act , rightsholders have an easy way to take down online material they dislike : send a takedown notice to a website or an ISP .
The target of the letter has the right to object by filing a counter - notice , but even if that happens , the targeted material must remain offline for 10 to 14 days before being reposted .
If this restriction is n't followed , the ISP or website in question could lose its " safe harbor " from lawsuits .
This provision of the law means that the DMCA can be used to silence speech , even in cases where the material has not been found by a judge to be infringing .
This was an issue with John McCain 's presidential campaign , where news organizations filed takedowns with YouTube about several McCain clips which used their footage .
Despite the urgency of the issue ( the election was only weeks away ) , YouTube publicly refused to put the clips back up before the counter - notice window expired ; it had the legal right to do so , but the company refused to expose itself to the liability .
According to a letter from YouTube lawyer Zahavah Levine , " The real problem here is individuals and entities that abuse the DMCA takedown process . "
The fact that the law can so easily be used to shut down commentary and criticism without judicial oversight raises freedom - of - speech questions , and courts have generally looked askance on anything that slaps " prior restraint " on speech .
Copyright scholar Wendy Seltzer , who runs the Chilling Effects clearinghouse and has targeted the NFL over its wide - ranging copyright notice , has been working on a paper ( PDF ) that makes this exact free speech argument .
The draft paper has already been making the rounds of the copyright Twitterers and sites like Techdirt , so it 's already being read in unpublished form .
In the paper , Seltzer argues that " federal law , through copyright and the DMCA , bears direct responsibility for the chilling restriction on online speech ...
Depriving speakers of opportunities for publication and dissemination can be tantamount to banning speech ; pressuring distribution points can cut them off . "
One of her key points is that the law gives rightsholders the power to demand takedowns , but copyright infringement is often unclear .
" Copyright law and its fair use provisions , of course , are far from a bright line , " she writes .
" Many of the cases ISPs are called in to adjudicate pursuant to DMCA notices are fact - specific disputes even courts would be unable to decide on summary judgment . "
Given the notorious difficulty of making such judgments , Seltzer believes that the DMCA gives too much power to those making the takedown requests .
Through the safe harbor rules , ISPs and companies like YouTube have every incentive to remove content immediately , and most targets of takedowns do n't bother to file counter - notices .
The result : a cheap and easy way for companies ( and even groups like Scientology ) to have material removed from the Internet .
" The takedowns resulting from DMCA notifications bear many of the hallmarks of prior restraints on speech , " she writes .
" They are imposed to limit speech before any adjudication on the merits of the copyright claims .
While takedowns are defected by private actors , the ISPs are acting ' in the shadow of the law , ' motivated by the state action that established the DMCA .
Government cannot insulate itself from responsibility for this abridgment of free speech by routing its influence through third - party ISPs . "
Seltzer does admit that most takedown notices are not purposely designed to stifle criticism .
" It is likely that many people posting copyrighted music or movie files in their entirety had no objective other than avoiding payment for commercially available work , " she writes .
" Some posters of others ' images and text will have no fair use or other defenses ... [ but ] the argument here does not depend on proportions ; the volume of infringement does not excuse a regime systematically vulnerable to speech - stifling errors . "
The law could be tweaked to fix some of these problems .
Takedown notices could be limited to " claim commercial appropriation of entire works , requiring proof to be submitted along with the notification so ISPs could make informed determinations . "
Eliminating the 10 to 14 day takedown period could help , as could boosting penalties against those who purposely misuse DMCA takedowns .
But Seltzer 's preference would be a wholesale revamp of the law , one that corrects " the fundamental flaw that targets of notifications are presumed guilty , and punished with the loss of speech , before they can contest the charges . "
When Sherbourne Park opens this summer , it really will be a park for the people .
The city , together with Waterfront Toronto , has launched an online contest to rename the park , temporarily called Sherbourne because of its proximity to the downtown street .
“ I think a park needs a better name than just its location , ” says Toronto Centre - Rosedale Councillor Pam McConnell ( Ward 28 . )
“ It has to have some meaning or commemorate some great Torontonian . ”
The park , which is on the waterfront at the bottom of Sherbourne St. , was designed by Vancouver firm Phillips Farevaag Smallenberg and is unique in that it combines decorative elements with a below - ground water filtration system .
The competition , in conjunction with torontoist.com , will be conducted in three phases .
Until May 14 the public can visit the website and submit a name along with some personal contact information and the reasons for their choice .
A jury of six , which includes McConnell , will meet mid-May to shorten the submission list to between eight and 10 names .
That list will be posted on the torontoist.com site from May 31 to June 7 , when the public will be invited to rank the entries .
The top three names will make it into the second and final round of online voting , which takes place June 8 - 14 .
The winner will attend the opening ceremonies this summer .
“ These are fun times , when people get to write history and decide the future , ” says McConnell .
“ I ’m happy we ’re throwing it out to Torontonians . ”
The contest has few naming conventions , but city rules stipulate the park cannot carry the name of a corporation .
As well , city parks and recreation staff will double - check the shortlist to ensure there is no duplication with existing parks and that the name is different enough to eliminate confusion for emergency services .
Watch the Star ’s Chris Hume as he leads a tour of the Sherbourne park site at thestar.com .
Palm was king of the handheld screen when it launched its popular Palm Pilot handheld device back in the 1990s .
But it ’s since been almost forgotten in a flurry of competitors vying for a slice of the smartphone market .
And when it recently tried to launch a phone and underlying operating system that rivaled Apple ’s iPhone in elegance and ambition , the phones failed to sell .
Given its recent earnings and desperate cash position , it ’s clear the company is heading for a spectacular failure .
Can Palm turn itself around by raising more cash and tweaking its strategy ?
I say no .
The only promise for Palm ’s future is a buyout .
And the only buyer that makes sense is BlackBerry maker Research In Motion ( I ’ll tell you why in a minute ) .
Many attribute Palm ’s failure to bad decisions .
There was the WebOS operating system that was open to only a limited number of developers initially .
There was the wrong choice of first carrier in Sprint .
And there was the bad launch timing of the Palm Pre Plus with Verizon Wireless right after the launch of the Google - powered Droid as well as some manufacturing and design issues .
Whatever the reasons for its failure , it ’s chances of catching up again without an acquisition are slim .
First off , despite its slick design and a promising operating system , Palm does not stand out in any single category .
BlackBerry is known as an email and enterprise device , Android is liked for its openness and innovation , and iPhone excels in user experience and abundance of apps .
That leaves Palm more closed than Android , not as cool as iPhone , and not nearly as enterprise - focused as BlackBerry .
Second , developers already have their hands full with Android , iPhone OS , BlackBerry , and the upcoming Windows Phone :
They do n’t want yet another operating system !
Without many apps developed for Palm , users are less likely to buy it over competing products , and without a significant user base , developers are less likely to develop for WebOS .
Why is RIM the only logical buyer for Palm ?
Let ’s walk through the others often named by Wall Street as potential acquirers and see why they ’re not a fit .
Who will not buy Palm ?
Not Apple — at least not at a price investors will stomach .
Apple obviously does not need Palm , though it might buy it at a knockdown price to reclaim some of the talent Palm has poached from Apple in recent years , and to scoop up some patents .
One might think that Google could buy Palm to make up for its much - noted lack of hardware expertise , and perhaps then make a phone in - house instead of relying on designer - manufacturers like HTC .
That strategy is fraught with flaws :
Google , even if it buys Palm , has more reasons to kill WebOS than not ; it would alienate its myriad partners , whether mobile operators or device manufacturers , and in the process would hamper the ecosystem it has succeeded in building around Android .
Microsoft could have been a good potential buyer before it invested significantly in its new operating system , Windows Phone , due for release later this year .
Even then , Microsoft would have struggled to reconcile Palm ’s integrated strategy with its long - standing preference for licensing software to hardware partners .
How about PC manufacturers such as Dell and HP ?
Supercharged smartphones are becoming replacements for netbooks .
And it ’s clear PC makers are finding it hard to transition to mobile manufacturing given their lack of expertise and the tremendous competition from newcomers like Google and Apple as well as existing mobile manufacturers .
They ’d clearly benefit from buying Palm .
Two problems : First , Dell and HP are hardware players who risk alienating partners like Google and Microsoft .
Second , even if this strategy makes sense for Dell or HP , it will spell a disaster for Palm as an entity .
Palm is meticulous about style and design , neither of which is a forte of Dell or HP .
When a larger tech player swallows a smaller one , all too commonly the acquisition becomes a declining asset , with the distinctiveness that made it an attractive purchase swiftly disappearing .
Similar arguments hold true for cell phone manufacturers such as Motorola , HTC , and Samsung :
They have invested heavily in other mobile operating systems , especially Android , and would risk angering their partners and spreading their R&D resources thin if they do buy Palm .
Nokia and Sony could benefit from acquiring Palm , but I do n’t think they ’re good strategic complements for Palm : Nokia has recently invested in Meego , a new OS developed in partnership with Intel .
And Sony is simply too big and fragmented , with its mobile assets stuck in a joint venture with Ericsson .
Why RIM and Palm would be a powerful combination
RIM was the undisputed leader in the smartphone market a couple of years ago .
It now faces significant threats from iPhone and Android .
Its touchscreen models like the Storm paled in comparison to Apple ’s iPhone and Google ’s Nexus One .
Despite being an integrated solution , RIM has allowed its devices and OS to become fragmented .
Developers not only have to account for several different versions of hardware ( keyboard , touchscreen , different sizes etc. ) , but they also face the challenge of making sure their apps run on most or all different OS versions .
As a result , BlackBerry ’s applications marketplace is struggling to compete with Apple ’s App Store or Google ’s Android Market .
And RIM ’s hopes of modernizing its OS are weakening day by day .
Despite its weaknesses , RIM is still in a strong position , and it ’s not too late to stop the downward trend .
It still leads market share in the smartphone market ( see table below ) .
Its push email system is still unrivaled in the marketplace , and it is the phone of choice for many working executives and companies .
Crucially , it has a strong revenue stream from software and services installed in tandem with the deployment of its phones in businesses .
Top Smartphone Platforms
3 Month Avg. Ending Jan. 2010 vs. 3 Month Avg. Ending Oct. 2009
Total U.S. Age 13 +
Source : comScore MobiLens Share ( % ) of Smartphone Subscribers Oct -09 Jan -10 Point Change Total Smartphone Subscribers 100.0 % 100.0 % N/A RIM 41.3 % 43.0 % 1.7 Apple 24.8 % 25.1 % 0.3 Microsoft 19.7 % 15.7 % - 4.0 Google 2.8 % 7.1 % 4.3 Palm 7.8 % 5.7 % - 2.1
Integrating Palm with RIM does not come without risks .
The variety of RIM ’s devices means its platform is fragmented , and it ’s not clear how WebOS can fix that .
In the short term , there will be two disparate operating systems , and therefore different app stores .
It will be critical for RIM to phase out the BlackBerry OS quickly while integrating Palm ’s WebOS with its push - email servers and services .
In the long run , when WebOS and BlackBerry devices converge , RIM will come across as a formidable competitor to iPhone , Windows Phone , and Android .
Last but not least , the new company formed from the merger would still be an integrated mobile vendor — the preferred position of both RIM and Palm .
They already share a vision .
Separately , they lack the means to achieve it .
That ’s the best possible scenario for making a technology acquisition work .
Tags : Blackberry , webOS
Companies : Palm , Research In Motion , RIM
Copyright 2010 VentureBeat .
All Rights Reserved .
Athens , Greece ( CNN ) --
Violence broke out briefly between police and demonstrators here Thursday night , hours after Greek lawmakers approved an unpopular package of budget - cutting measures .
Thousands of demonstrators had gathered in front of Parliament to show their anger , and as dusk fell bottles were thrown at police , who responded with tear gas and pepper spray , said CNN 's Diana Magnay , who was at the scene .
The government is cutting public - sector salaries , raising the retirement age for women in the public sector and imposing new taxes in order to secure billions of euros in loans from the European Union and International Monetary Fund .
Crowds dispersed quickly , Magnay said .
Four people were arrested , police said .
Demonstrations Thursday were smaller and generally more peaceful than a day earlier , when general strikes turned violent and three people were killed when a bank was fire bombed .
i Report : Are you there ?
Send your pics , video
Two unions had called on workers to meet Thursday evening in front of Parliament to protest the measures , which include higher taxes on cigarettes , fuel , gambling and luxuries , and an increase in the value - added tax consumers pay on purchases .
Athens police say about 8,000 protesters were outside the Parliament building while the voting was taking place and another 10,000 were at Omonia Square , including members of the militant left - wing PAME union , who planned to walk toward Parliament later .
It is not clear who started the violence .
Shortly before it began police said the PAME supporters had dispersed peacefully .
Greek lawmakers voted 172 to 121 to approve the controversial package of cost - cutting measures , despite the protests , the prime minister 's office announced .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average plummeted as the protests broke out , falling nearly 1,000 points and dropping below 10,000 before climbing back up and ending slightly above 10,500 .
Shortly after the close , the Nasdaq said faulty Procter & Gamble stock quotes were a major factor in markets ' huge drop .
The European Union announced a 110 billion euro ( $ 140 billion ) aid package for Greece earlier this week .
Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou announced the tough cost- cutting measures to meet European Union and International Monetary Fund conditions for the deal .
Prime Minister George Papandreou said Wednesday night that no amount of unrest on the streets would change his support of the budget cuts , and he has already said he is prepared to risk not getting a second term in office because he feels the package is so important for Greece 's future .
" We are all to blame for where we are today -- even those not in government who at every stage have blocked every attempt at change , " Papandreou told Parliament .
" Other countries are voting to save Greece , " Papandreou said in comments directed at the opposition .
" What do we say to them ?
Can we not unite ? "
Thursday at the burned bank , people placed flowers at a memorial for the victims killed in Wednesday 's violence .
Greek government debt threatens to undermine the stability of the euro , the currency used by 16 countries in the European Union , including Greece .
International ratings agency Standard & Poor 's downgraded Greek debt to " junk " recently , making it harder and more expensive for Athens to borrow money commercially .
That 's when the European Union and International Monetary Fund decided to intervene .
What are the protests about ?
Leaders of the countries that use the euro were planning to meet Friday evening in Brussels , Belgium , to finalize the bailout and discuss the effect it 's having on the eurozone .
" This crisis has demonstrated that all euro - area member states have a responsibility for the stability of the euro area as a whole and the strength of the single currency , " French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel wrote in a joint letter Thursday to the presidents of the European Council , which is hosting the summit , and the European Commission .
Sarkozy and Merkel urged country leaders at the summit to consider tougher fiscal surveillance and more effective sanctions for eurozone members .
They also pushed for better - quality statistics , saying , " The lack of reliability of the Greek statistics explains to a large extent the markets ' distrust in this country . "
CNN 's Diana Magnay and journalist Mary Retiniotis contributed to this report .
So the posting of some numbers about MLS fans got a lot of attention today and lead to some good questions , so I thought lets keep looking at the numbers ,
Here is a look at who the fans of each league are :
Source : Scarborough Sports Marketing , February 2010
First thing you should notice is what sport they chose to use fans from ?
Oh those lovely fans in Seattle .
So yesterday we saw that MLS ranks low on the list of priorities for Hispanic fans but you can see that they still make up a good number of MLS fans .
In fact they are almost 25 % of the leagues fans , a huge number compared to other sports , so understanding that the league is going to spend a good amount of time and money marketing to them is a given .
I think both the league and most other fans would have hoped that MLS ( 13.3 % ) would have been more popular among U.S. Hispanics than the Winter Olympics ( 17.9 % ) , but I do n't think anyone is surprised that it is almost half as popular as Mexican League Soccer ( 25.9 % ) .
I think the popularity of the league with African - Americans , who make up 9 % of the fans , is a bit of a surprise as only the NBA and NFL have a higher percentage in pro sports .
I think this trend is one that the league should focus on ways to encourage growth in this group .
One of the big questions I have been hit with is what is the difference between fans and Avid fans ?
Each of the agencies that do this type of research define fans " as people who express an interest in the sport being measured " , while avid fans differ because they are " very interested " .
I know it is still a vague definition but it is what we have to work with .
The other big question about the information is why ?
Some are saying it is the generational growth of interest by those who grew up playing the sport .
I believe that is part of it but I think there is something more going on here and I will offer up my thoughts after the jump :
So to keep me from just rambling I am going to bullet point my thoughts on why I believe over the last decade MLS has seen more fan growth in the all important 18 - 34 yr old male demographic .
More TV - listen 10 years ago you had to fight to find a place to watch soccer on TV , now we have ESPN covering MLS ( not as well as I would like , but that is for another day ) , you have 2 full time dedicated soccer networks in the US with Fox Soccer Channel and GolTV .
So the exposure to both MLS and soccer in general has increased and that has to be part of the reason why more people are expressing an interest in the sport .
Live Soccer -
Last summer was an incredible thing as the " Summer of Soccer " saw over 1 million people pay to attend soccer matches in the US , from the big team tours , World Cup qualifying , to MLS .
Soccer is a decent sport to watch on TV , but when seen live it converts the barely interested into interested , and the interested into the fan .
Getting more people to see more live matches will only help the sport and MLS grow in the US >
Media Coverage - I would have to put some of this under More TV , but I am not talking about matches being broadcast , rather I am talking about coverage in newspapers , on radio , on local TV , but also the fact that soccer is often now a part of the top 10 plays of the day on ESPN .
The Saturday and Sunday night sports shows often now talk about the sport ( if you are in a market ) .
The coverage of David Beckham , while he may not have been a game changer on the pitch , he got on the Today Show , Oprah , and just about everywhere else a camera was available .
It has also shown other players that the US is a valid market .
Quality of play - If Beckham had come to MLS and won 3 straight MLS Cups , fans and players around the world would have likely turned up their noses and said " what a crap league " , but the fact that his first two years here ( or partially here ) his team did n't even make the playoffs speaks volumes about the quality of play in MLS .
World View -
In the last 10 years the world has changed in a lot of ways , one of the biggest ways is that after decades of being looked down on as " un-american " soccer is now being embraced as the " world 's " sport .
For many in the US that is now reason enough to have some level of interest in the sport , embracing things outside of our core culture now is not only acceptable but preferred by many .
USMNT -
The rivalry with Mexico is one of the best in all sports and for many sports fans in the US , by beating Mexico it makes soccer more attractive , if we can beat a nation of people that live for the sport , then we must be doing something right .
Hosting the 94 World Cup gave the sport exposure , but I believe the run in 2002 probably did more for the sport .
We showed we can play this " foreign " game as well as they can .
The Supporter Culture - Oh I know that so many people think that MLS supporters started last year with the crowds in Seattle , and they are impressive , but every team has their supporters and some like the Screaming Eagles were very impressive before last year .
Now let me be clear I believe that in US there is a huge desire by all people to be part of something bigger than themselves , it is our desire to be part of a tribe .
In Europe the tribes are based on the history of their cities sometimes over hundreds of years have lead to people creating an identify that often is expressed through their team .
Now in the US we do n't have that much history and often the distance between cities does n't breed that type of direct history between often , but we do see it from time to time , most often in college sports .
Think Ohio State vs. Michigan , Oklahoma vs. Texas , USC vs. UCLA , well I believe the nature of soccer and soccer lends itself to the tribal .
For soccer fans it simply seems to fit .
It also provides a sense of " family " or " community " that is based around a choice vs. an obligation .
I am sure there are many others but I honestly believe that these 7 are some of the keys , there are others for sure but that is my list .
Next up I will be taking a look at what I believe MLS can do to make further inroads to the mainstream of US sports .
OFF MY SOAPBOX
High Times , July 1994 , pp. 18 - 21 Marinol : The Little Synthetic That Could n't After dogs on Nabilone started having convulsions and dropping dead , the first attempts at producing synthetic THC were scrapped .
Enter Marinol , a drug never intended for human use and one with many dangerous side effects .
By Elsa Scott Sam Skipper is a handsome man with black hair , blue eyes and a theatrical style that is well known in La Mesa , California .
But in 1991 , two years after the freelance gardener was diagnosed with HIV , his famous energy began to wane .
" From August to December , I lost nineteen pounds , " says Skipper .
" When I went to the doctor , he said , ` It 's obvious you 're suffering from wasting syndrome . ' "
Wasting syndrome , or anorexia - cachexia , afflicts 70 to 90 percent of AIDS patients , robbing them of their appetite .
The resulting malnutrition can be more deadly than the virus itself .
But there is only one drug that is commonly prescribed for the treatment of wasting syndrome : Marinol , the synthetic form of THC , the most psychoactive component of marijuana .
When Skipper tried a friend 's Marinol , it passed through him without any effect .
" But marijuana is wonderful , " says Skipper .
" It relaxes me , it takes away my pain .
It makes me hungry and thirsty , so I eat and drink more , and that builds up my immune system . "
After watching his lover suffer through AZT treatment , Skipper refused synthetic medication altogether .
" I took it on myself to eat , " he says - with the help of some homegrown sinsemilla .
He liked to eat the buds fresh , or blend them into " peanut - butter balls " for breakfast , or cook them down into what he calls " cannabis tar . "
" You take a little bit of that on your finger and chase it with milk , " he says .
The pot made Skipper hungry , and he started to gain back his weight .
Blood tests taken last fall show that he has a high T - cell count ( 1210 , which is 400 above normal ) , and also carries the antibodies to Hepatitis A , B , and C .
" My immune system functions quite well , " he declares .
At 164 pounds , he feels fat .
But the US government is n't interested in Skipper 's weight gain - only his criminality .
In the spring of 1993 , a local narcotics task force raided his home twice , seizing crops of about 40 plants each .
He was charged with possession and cultivation , and went to trial in San Diego Superior Court last October .
In a landmark decision , the jury accepted his medical - necessity defense .
Skipper was free until January , when the judge threw him in jail for violating an earlier probation .
There he was knifed and lost eight pounds before his release on March 3 .
His case is now on appeal .
After one look at this man , the San Diego jury understood something the US government cannot bring itself to admit : that it is more important to help AIDS patients eat than it is to punish them for smoking marijuana .
Today , millions of Americans suffer from medical conditions that can be alleviated by marijuana .
Doctors have witnessed that smoking marijuana , among other things , promotes weight gain for AIDS patients and reduces vomiting for cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy .
But for cancer and AIDS patients , the US government has one answer : Marinol , or THC in a gel cap .
Marinol has been approved by the FDA as a treatment for nausea and wasting syndrome , and the government claims it is superior to the " crude drug " marijuana .
But the ban on marijuana is n't really driven by concerns over public health .
Instead , it serves the interests of business and pharmacology .
Unlike marijuana , which can be grown cheaply by the masses , Marinol is produced by pharmaceutical companies that manufacture and distribute it for profit .
And unlike hemp seeds , which reproduce in the presence of light , water and a green thumb , Marinol is hatched in a lab , the product of chemicals and machines .
The story begins in 1985 , when Unimed , now located in Buffalo , IL , bought the patent for Marinol from the National Cancer Institute .
In order to produce the artificial cannabinoid THC , Unimed purchases a raw material known as termpene olivitol from Hoffmann - LaRoche , and sends it to a laboratory in Southern California .
There , the crude oil is treated by a process known as liquid chromatography .
If you push enough termpene olivitol through a silica gel column , you get 99 percent THC .
Another lab takes that THC and mixes it with sesame oil , then seals it in gel caps , in doses of 2.5 , 5 and 10 milligrams .
These caps are shipped to Roxane Laboratories in Columbus , Ohio , where they are packaged and distributed to your local drug store .
A month 's prescription costs between $ 150 and $ 180 .
The only problem is that the pill , which looks like a vitamin cap , is n't all that popular in the sick wards .
There are three main objections .
First , vomiting patients have trouble swallowing a pill .
Then , if a patient does swallow the pill , the good effects do n't kick in for hours .
And when the pill finally starts to work - buckle up .
" A 2.5 milligram Marinol pill absolutely knocked me out , " reports one man with AIDS .
" I wound up lying on the sofa for days , just totally drugged and unproductive . "
Marinol has unpleasant side effects - as can be expected from a pill that is 99 percent THC .
An April 1986 product insert from Roxane warned that Marinol elicits " disturbing psychiatric symptoms , " and that even patients on low doses might experience " a full - blown picture of psychosis . "
The latter phrase has disappeared from recent product inserts , but experts say nothing has changed .
" It 's way too psychoactive , " says Robert Randall , the glaucoma patient who was the first American to obtain marijuana legally from the government .
" When I took Marinol , I found it anxiety - provoking and intense , like I had wandered into a short story by Flannery O'Connor . "
Marinol - " I wound up lying on the sofa for
days , just totally drugged and unproductive . "
In 1992 , Randall traveled around the country .
" I talked to hundreds of AIDS patients , " he says , " and only one preferred Marinol to marijuana . "
It 's not just that marijuana helps them gain weight - it's that Marinol is so scary .
" A lot of guys start crying spontaneously when they 're on THC , " says Randall .
" Then there 's the girl who took Marinol , looked at her mother and saw the angel of death . "
Randall snorts .
" How unpleasant would that be if you were sitting in a hospital , dying ? "
It 's not unusual for AIDS patients who start smoking marijuana to gain 20 or 30 pounds .
And many of them told Randall that Marinol did n't even make them hungry .
Randall 's informal poll is backed up by Dr. Robert Gorter of San Francisco , who has studied AIDS patients extensively .
Writing in the journal of the Physicians Association for AIDS Care in 1992 , Gorter stated , " Again and again patients have testified that they preferred marijuana above dronabinol [ the scientific name for Marinol ] for its appetite - stimulating effect . "
Naturally , Roxane Labs has done studies that prove Marinol is effective as an appetite stimulant .
" We went to a lot of trouble , " says Dr. Kirk Shepard , Roxane 's director of medical affairs .
" It 's very difficult to do clinical trials for patients who are very ill .
But we did properly controlled , randomized studies over the past few years and have proved that , statistically , there was a benefit for the majority of patients . "
Dr. Shepard is willing to admit that marijuana can be an effective treatment for cancer and glaucoma .
" With chemotherapy , I would say yes , there are some studies that show that marijuana is effective , " he says .
But for AIDS patients with a loss of appetite , he says , " there 's just no data " to show that marijuana can be safe and effective .
Most doctors leave it to the patients to decide whether or not a drug works .
But the DEA does n't trust patients ' judgment .
In the government 's 1992 decision to ban medical marijuana , a DEA administrator wrote , " Sick people are not objective , scientific observers , especially when it comes to their own health . "
The decision was backed by Robert Bonner , the head of the Public Health Service under George Bush , who declared , " There is not a shred of evidence that smoking marijuana assists a person with AIDS . "
Some advocates of medical marijuana believe the best strategy for getting marijuana to AIDS patients is to conduct studies that will definitively prove its effectiveness .
Randall scoffs at the need for such studies .
Recalling the late Kenny and Barbra Jenks , the Florida AIDS patients who received legal government marijuana , he says , " What 's to prove ?
Two people have AIDS .
They smoke pot , they gain weight .
End of story . "
Advocates of clinical trials say the US government should supply the natural marijuana - and it's not as if Uncle Sam does n't know how .
Since 1969 , a team of white coats has been cultivating the flowering tops of female cannabis plants in Oxford , MS .
The notorious " pot farm , " hidden on five acres of bottomland , is funded by the National Institute on Drug Abuse ( NIDA ) and run by the University of Mississippi .
It continues to produce a limited quantity of low - grade marijuana each year .
After the plants are analyzed for THC content , they 're shipped in barrels to the Research Triangle Institute in North Carolina , where the dried leaves are rolled at a cost of $ 2 per joint .
The joints are stored and frozen , pending delivery .
Back in the 1970s , these machine - rolled cigarettes were considered the best way to give THC to cancer patients who needed it .
But there was concern about whether it was advisable from a political point of view .
On May 9 , 1978 , a group of doctors met at the National Cancer Institute to discuss whether the THC cigarette merited further study .
At the time , there was a THC pill available for research , but no pill had passed the tests needed for FDA approval .
According to minutes of the NCI meeting , Dr. Monroe Wall of the Research Triangle Institute said that his THC cigarette " is now highly standardized and is a reliable and reproducible method of administering the drug . "
Several doctors at the meeting noted that absorption of the THC pill was " erratic " and " unpredictable , " They agreed that " all in all , the cigarette may be the best means of administering the drug . "
Meanwhile , the news was spreading that marijuana could provide relief for cancer patients .
In 1978 , New Mexico passed the first state law recognizing the medical value of marijuana .
Over the next few years , more than 30 states passed similar legislation .
" By the summer of 1980 , " says Bob Randall , " there was building pressure on the federal government to provide marijuana through an experimental program . "
California requested one million joints .
The burgeoning demand for THC put the government in a pinch .
But the bureaucrats rejected the obvious solution , which would be to increase production on the " pot farm . "
The idea that NIDA could grow enough marijuana to accommodate the needs of sick people is what the drug warriors call an " imponderable " - meaning simply that they refuse to think about it .
And so the search began for a pharmaceutical substitute .
In the late 1970s , says Bob Randall , " Everyone had decided that nabilone was the great white drug " that would replace marijuana .
Nabilone is manufactured by Eli Lilly under the trade name Cesamet ; its active ingredient is hexahydro - cannabinol .
By 1978 , the drug was being tested on cancer patients , and Lilly officials were predicting FDA approval within a year .
" They had it on double - tracking with humans and animals , " Randall says , " until suddenly , dogs on nabilone started having convulsions and dropping dead . " [ photo caption : ]
Sam Skipper Enjoys A Bowl Of Buds To
Ward Off AIDS Wasting Syndrome .
Enter Marinol .
Tested on rats and other animals in the 1970s , it was never meant for human consumption .
But after Cesamet bombed , the bureaucrats decided to give it a chance .
In October 1980 , the NCI began distributing Marinol free of charge to 20,000 patients at 800 hospitals .
One of the 2,600 doctors who participated in the program was Dr. Ivan Silverberg , an oncologist in San Francisco .
Silverberg , one of the first doctors to use chemotherapy on lymphoma patients , had been an early champion of medical marijuana .
Nevertheless , he entered the NCI program , and began prescribing THC to his cancer patients .
After a year , Randall says , " One of Ivan 's patients walked into his office and threw the bottle at him , accusing him of trying to poison her . "
He subsequently dropped out of the program .
During the early ' 80s , studies were conducted in six states , offering smokeable marijuana to cancer patients who had not responded to traditional antivomiting medication .
And while thousands of patients found marijuana consistently safer and more effective than synthetic THC , the government rejected the studies .
They had already found a foster home for Marinol .
Back when Ronald Reagan was elected , Unimed was just a fledgling company in Somerville , NJ .
Its executives did n't have the money to develop pharmaceuticals on their own , so they developed a strategy to purchase experimental drugs from university and government studies , then market the drugs for a profit .
In 1981 , the government agreed to sell the Marinol patent to Unimed , and Unimed applied to the FDA for permission to market the pill as a treatment for nausea .
In November 1984 , the FDA rejected Unimed 's application because clinical tests that had been done on the drug were deficient .
But Unimed hustled up some more data , and by June 1985 , the FDA delivered its approval .
A year later , the DEA gave it a green light .
In 1987 , two years after Unimed bought the Marinol patent from the NCI , the little company was flush with profits from the pill : $ 1.5 million in one year alone .
In 1990 , Unimed executives said they were anticipating a potential windfall of $ 80 million a year from the poor saps with cancer , and up to $ 1 billion a year from victims of the HIV virus .
Marinol sales have never reached expectations .
In fact , the company 's annual revenues have never topped $ 3 million .
In 1992 , soon after the FDA approved Marinol for wasting syndrome , Roxane 's publicity department went into overdrive , printing out glossy pamphlets for AIDS patients .
The pamphlets offer advice on weight gain ( " Enjoy an ice cream sundae frequently ! " ) and dining enjoyment ( " Use a tablecloth and china ; invite a friend to share your meal " ) .
But the most bizarre tip involves marijuana : " Do not smoke marijuana while using Marinol .
This can cause an overdose . "
It 's simply ludicrous to suggest that a patient who is taking gel caps of 99 percent THC is going to overdose by smoking a cigarette averaging 5 to 10 percent THC .
The product insert for Marinol dated December 1992 makes no mention of interactions between Marinol and smoked marijuana .
Besides , you can't overdose to death on pot .
According to pharmacologist Andrew Weil , researchers have tried to kill dogs with an overdose of marijuana , and the dogs simply wo n't die .
You might die if you ate 40 aspirins or 10 raw potatoes , but not if you ate 10 pounds of pot .
Synthetic THC is another story : swallowing a handful of pills can leave a patient unconscious .
The 1992 product insert offers this advice for treating a Marinol overdose : " A potentially serious oral ingestion , if recent , should be managed with gut decontamination .
In unconscious patients with a secure airway , instill activated charcoal via a nasogastric tube .
A saline cathartic or sorbitol may be added to the first dose of activated charcoal . "
Does that sound risky ?
Let 's move on to the potential for developing a habit .
According to the December 1992 product insert , Marinol can be " habit - forming " - in other words , a patient who stops taking it abruptly may go through four days of withdrawal .
Typical symptoms include irritability , insomnia , anorexia , hiccups and diarrhea .
Sleep disturbances may last for weeks .
What about cancer ?
Of course , anything you smoke may be damaging to your lungs .
And one of the medical raps against marijuana is that it involves smoking a combination of 421 chemicals : 61 cannabinoids , a host of amino acids , proteins , and sugars - and at least one known carcinogen , benzopyrene .
No one knows what that does to your lungs , but according to Dr. Donald Tashkin , one of the government 's anti-marijuana experts , recent laboratory studies have linked marijuana smoke with " accelerated malignant changes in hamster lung cells , " with " increased mutations , " " microscopic abnormalities , " and " increased risks of respiratory tract malignancy . "
Those links sound a bit tentative .
But even NORML executive director Dick Cowan concedes that marijuana may be carcinogenic .
" We have never claimed marijuana is harmless , " he says .
" I encourage people to use a water pipe to reduce the possible damage to the respiratory system . "
You would think , with all the government - funded tests to see if marijuana can be linked to cancer , the same would be done for Marinol .
But no one seems to care .
According to the 1992 product insert , " Carcinogenicity studies have not been performed with dronabinol . "
Aside from lung cancer , smoking marijuana poses another potential risk for people with compromised immune systems .
The government has long been telling pot-smokers that they risk " salmonella and fungal spore contamination . "
And a recent study conducted at Johns Hopkins School of Public Health found that smoking marijuana , crack , or other drugs is " significantly associated " with bacterial pneumonia among patients with HIV .
The government has not produced a single case of a pneumonia or lung cancer contracted from smoking marijuana .
But the risks are authentic , and Sam Skipper has taken precautions .
He smokes from a large collection of water pipes .
Skipper is also keen to the risk of fungus and bacteria .
" There are no contaminants in homegrown , " he points out .
" But sometimes when I buy marijuana , I sterilize it myself .
Marijuana is not water - soluble , so you can actually wash it in a pan , and then stick it in the microwave and dry it .
You lose about a third , but you end up with sterilized cannabis . "
Finally , it 's worth reviewing the side effects of marijuana and Marinol .
While there are numerous side effects from smoking marijuana ( euphoria , laughter , anxiety , dry mouth , red eyes , sleepiness , clumsiness , the munchies ) , countless patients who have used marijuana in a medical setting have testified that they experienced no adverse side effects .
People who take Marinol , on the other hand , frequently complain about the " disturbing psychiatric symptoms " that are common side effects of the drug .
According to a 1985 edition of The Medical Letter , the side effects of Marinol are " disorientation , depression , paranoia , hallucinations and manic psychosis . "
The 1992 product insert for Marinol scatters these symptoms throughout the section marked ADVERSE REACTIONS ( " amnesia , " " depersonalization , " " hallucination , " " paranoid reaction , " " depression " ) , but saves psychosis for a passing reference in the section called OVERDOSAGE : " Patients experiencing depressive , hallucinatory or psychotic reactions should be placed in a quiet area and offered reassurance . " [ photo caption : ]
Marinol Sales
Have Never Reached
Expectations .
In Fact ,
The Company's Annual
Revenues Have Never
Topped $ 3 Million .
[ The accompanying photo shows the label from a bottle of Marinol .
Its text reads : NDC 0054-2602-11
25 Capsules
5 mg
MARINOL ®
( DRONABINOL )
( Warning : May be habit
forming )
See Package Insert for
Complete Prescribing
Information
Keep Tightly Closed
Store in a Cool Place
DEA ORDER FORM REQUIRED
Mfg. by
Banner Gelatin Products Corp .
Chatsworth , CA 91311
Distributed by
Roxane
Laboratories , Inc .
Columbus , Ohio 43216
The side effects of marijuana pale beside those of other drugs commonly prescribed by doctors in the US .
The standard drugs used in chemotherapy can cause deafness , kidney failure and cancer ; those used to treat nausea can cause ulcers , secondary infections and psychosis ; the eye drops and pills used to treat glaucoma can cause depression , heart failure , numbness and kidney stones ; and the medications commonly given to paraplegics can cause kidney failure , hepatitis and seizures .
In 1987 , after reviewing the evidence , DEA administrative law judge Francis Young declared , " Marijuana , in its natural form , is one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man . "
But do n't ask why the government is so afraid of medical marijuana .
Even Bob Randall does n't have an answer .
" I think it 's odd we 've got a government that 's willing to secretly give you plutonium , " he says , " but it wo n't give you marijuana when you want it .
That seems a little twisted to me . "
Fortunately , the sick people who need marijuana are not alone in their struggle .
In the last few years , cancer and AIDS doctors have begun to speak out , asserting a physician 's right to prescribe any drug that might work .
Last spring , the Lymphoma Foundation and the Physicians Association for AIDS Care joined a lawsuit on behalf of medical marijuana .
The 1,000 members of PAAC , which is based in Chicago , treat nearly 250,000 people with HIV , so they have firsthand experience with marijuana as a treatment for wasting syndrome .
" First , " says PAAC 's executive director Gordon Nary , " physicians should try the drugs that have been FDA - approved . "
Of course , not all drugs work for all patients .
Before suggesting marijuana , he says , doctors should " alert patients who have a compromised immune system to the risks " of fungal infection .
But when you 're treating someone whose life is at stake , Nary sighs , " It 's simply a matter of appropriate medicine and human decency to allow compassionate use of any drug , experimental or on somebody 's blackballed list . " [ End ] Portland NORML notes : Roxane Laboratories , Inc. set up a Web site for Marinol in 1998 at http://www.marinol.com/.
About this page ... to the Articles page .
This URL : http://www.pdxnorml.org/HT_Marinol_0794.html
Asking the right questions is the answer .
Comedy Central has revealed its slate of new shows in development , and holy crow , it ’s an ambitious one .
It ’s all driven by new programming chief Kent Alterman , whose achievements include getting Strangers With Candy on the air , and it looks like he ’s making good on his attempt to “ get more stuff going in that vein ” at the network .
At first glance , it looks fairly promising :
There ’s no Secret Girlfriend , Krod Mandoon , or The Jeff Dunham Show to immediately set off warning bells , and it ’s heavy on projects with comedians who have proven themselves to be massively funny in other things .
Add this stuff to new Futurama episodes ( starting in June ) and The Onion Sports Network ( January 2011 ) , and maybe Comedy Central wo n’t have to rerun Just Friends quite so many times in 2011 .
Here ’s what you can expect to see in the coming year :
- Shows about people being dicks — including A - Holes , described as being about “ two big - time jerks , ” and Nick Kroll / Jon Daly ’s Rich Dicks , based on the highly amusing series of Funny Or Die shorts about two moneyed douchebags partying in L.A .
Advertisement
- Mockumentaries like the also Funny Or Die-spawned Jon Benjamin Has A Van , in which the Archer / Home Movies star “ uncovers oddities in a newsmagazine format ; ” Patrice O’Neal ’s Guide To White People , a self - explanatory show where the comedian “ tackles race relations in a unique way ; ” and Steel Panther , a loosely scripted look at the very real ‘ 80s - style hair metal parody band , co-created by Jackass star Jeff Tremaine and Brian Posehn .
- Plays on traditional TV tropes , like Bill Burr and Kevin Hart in a “ modern - day Odd Couple ” that ’s executive produced by Bruce McCulloch ; Mars , an office comedy that takes place in outer space ;
The Fuzz , a “ parody of gritty police procedurals ” set in a world where humans coexist with puppets ; Nocturnal Mission , a sitcom starring Chris D’Elia as an alien sent to Earth to convince comedian Moshe Kasher to impregnate as many women as possible ; and Big Lake , the Will Ferrell / Adam McKay comedy about a guy who moves back in with his parents ( which received some early publicity when star Jon Heder left the show over “ creative differences ” ) .
Advertisement
- Lots of sex talk — especially in the new Live Sex Show , a panel chatfest with celebrity guests , sketches , and “ titillating conversation ” hosted by Bert Keischer and Attack Of The Show ’s Layla Kayleigh — but also in Intercourse With Whitney Cummings , which is described as a “ twisted Sex And The City . ”
- Tons of shit aimed at “ stoners , ” including : Midnight Drop Box , described as a “ stoner horror anthology ; ” an untitled pilot from Andre Hyland , animator Mike Mayfield , and Bob Odenkirk that ’s being called an “ irreverent stoner sketch show ” about the “ petty squabbling of three stoner - ish roommates ; ” and Highdeas , which “ investigates the strange questions posed by stoners , ” based on the website .
Advertisement
- An honest - to - God sketch show — one that also has a stoner - ish title — from Upright Citizens Brigade called This Show Will Get You High , written by Matt Besser and Eric Zicklin , and featuring footage of the troupe performing all across the country .
- A still - untitled show from the Broken Lizard comedy troupe that ’s all about minor - league umpires trying to break into the majors .
Advertisement
- A TV version of the film Waiting … , which should go nicely with the 20 times a week they run that movie .
- Plenty of cartoons , of course , including one about Jesus adapting to life in 21st century that will draw lots of inevitable references to the South Park / Muhammad thing ; Joe Squad , a parody of Saturday morning superhero cartoons that — given its multiple references to characters being “ over - sexed ” and “ insanely jacked , ” is already giving off Drawn Together vibes ; and Supermax — not to be confused with Superjail ! , even though it will be — about a group of “ well - known inmates of a real super maximum security prison in Colorado who learn to live and love . ”
( Also : “ Comedy gets a life sentence in this ‘ arresting ’ comedy , where the only crime is not to laugh . ”
Seriously .
It seriously says that . )
Advertisement
- And finally , projects built around comics Jim Jeffries , Reggie Watts , Denis Leary , and Norm MacDonald — provided some jerk has n’t already canceled Norm ’s project out of force of habit , of course .
Dana Groff has announced the end of Microsoft ’s experiment with software transactional memory for the .NET Framework .
Known as STM.NET , this research project was announced in 2008 as an alternative to explicit locks when dealing with concurrency issues .
In theory software transactional memory works just like transactions in a database .
Ideally no two threads can try to modify the same piece of data at the same time , dirty reads are not possible , and deadlocks are automatically detected and handled .
Of course this also leads to the same issues such as questions about optimistic versus pessimistic locking , lock granularity , and the performance impact .
Databases also have some distinct advantages over normal software in the way they structure data .
Every row is an atomic unit , to be locked , read , and updated as a whole .
And the location of every row is in a fixed location , allowing for techniques such as lock escalation when too many fine - grained locks would otherwise be needed .
With normal software each object must be referenced via pointer chains to roots , preventing any semantic groupings and raising the question , “ What is the atomic unit in this context ? ”
Back in January Joe Duffy , Microsoft ’s best known researcher on parallel and concurrent programming , cited four reasons why he becomes disillusioned with STM in his Brief Retrospective on Transactional Memory .
The first reason is the I/O problem .
Most forms of I/O are inherently non-transactional , and as distributed computing becomes more popular , the problems become more unavoidable .
Joe Duffy does n’t just cite file access , but also event logs , web service calls , user interaction , platform invokes .
He continues ,
The question ultimately boils down to this : is the world going to be transactional , or is it not ?
Whether unbounded transactions foist unto the world will succeed , I think , depends intrinsically on the answer to this question .
It sure looked like the answer was going to be “ Yes ” back when transactional NTFS and registry was added to Vista .
But the momentum appears to have slowed dramatically .
The second issue is the question of weak or strong atomicity .
To grossly simplify the matter , it comes down to whether you strictly require transactional objects to only be read and written to in a transaction or you trust the developer to know what he is doing .
The former will lead to a lot of problems around sharing data between transactional and non-transactional parts of an application , while the latter is inherently error prone .
The third reason is the question of privatization .
As I mentioned earlier , normal software does n’t have the clean boundaries between atomic units that databases do .
Further complicating matters is that what ’s considered an atomic unit can change over the lifespan of the data structure .
I still remember the day like it was yesterday .
A regular weekly team meeting , to discuss our project ’s status , future , hard problems , and the like .
A summer intern on board from a university doing pioneering work in TM , sipping his coffee .
Me , sipping my tea .
Then that same intern ’s casual statement pointing out an Earth - shattering flaw that would threaten the kind of TM we ( and most of the industry at the time ) were building .
We had been staring at the problem for over a year without having seen it .
It is these kinds of moments that frighten me and make me a believer in formal computer science .
The Tx0 transaction changes it IsOwned to true , and then commits .
After it has committed , it proceeds to using whatever state was claimed ( in this case an object referred to by variable x ) outside of the purview of TM .
Meanwhile , another transaction Tx1 has optimistically read it Is Owned as false , and has gone ahead to use x .
An update in - place system will allow that transaction to freely change the state of x .
Of course , it will roll back here , because isItOwned changed to true .
But by then it is too late : the other thread using x outside of a transaction will see constantly changing state – torn reads even – and who knows what will happen from there .
A known flaw in any weakly atomic , update in - place TM .
If this example appears contrived , it ’s not .
It shows up in many circumstances .
The first one in which we noticed it was when one transaction removes a node from a linked list , while another transaction is traversing that same list .
If the former thread believes it “ owns ” the removed element simply because it took it out of the list , someone ’s going to be disappointed when its state continues to change .
Mr. Duffy ’s final reason for being disillusioned with software transactional memory is the lack of any real successes .
He writes ,
Throughout all of this , we searched and searched for the killer TM app .
It ’s unfair to pin this on TM , because the industry as a whole still searches for a killer concurrency app .
But as we uncovered more successes in the latter , I became less and less convinced that the killer concurrency apps we will see broadly deployed in the next 5 years needed TM .
Most enjoyed natural isolation , like embarrassingly parallel image processing apps .
If you had sharing , you were doing something wrong .
As with far too many Microsoft research projects , the code and samples for STM .
NET has been pulled and the forum will soon be locked .
All we are left with is the STM Programmers Guide .
A survey performed by The Daily Beast ranks the most stressful educational campuses in the United States .
Take a look at the top fifty stress - out schools of higher learning , which probably will not include your local community college .
To determine the top stressed - out colleges and universities in the United States , The Daily Beast ( www.thedailybeast.com/ ) used rankings from the " 2010 U.S. News and World Report " and data from the U.S. Department of Education ( ED ) .
The survey also took into consideration five important criteria in the determination of stressful educational institutions :
(1) Cost ( including tuition and room and board ) , ( 2 ) Academic competitiveness , ( 3 ) Acceptance rate , ( 4 ) Engineering graduate curriculum , and ( 5 ) Campus crime .
The Daily Beast also used a method of analysis developed by Keith Anderson , who is affiliated with the American College Health Association .
In addition , the article " New Data on the Nature of Suicidal Crises in College Students , ' which was published in 2009 within the journal Professional Psychology , was used in the study .
Page two reveals the top colleges and universities in the United States that are , needless to say , some of the most prestigious educational institutions in the country ; and , also , among the top stress inducing ones , too .
So , here is the list .
Are you going to Stress University ?
The top twenty colleges and universities in the U.S.A. with respect to stressful conditions are :
1. Stanford University ( California )
2. Columbia University ( New York )
3. Massachusetts Institute of Technology
4. University of Pennsylvania
5. Harvard University ( Massachusetts )
6. Princeton University ( New Jersey )
7. Vanderbilt University ( Tennessee )
8. Carnegie Mellon University ( Pennsylvania )
9. California Institute of Technology
10 . Northwestern University ( Illinois )
11 . University of Chicago ( Illinois )
12 . Yale University ( New Jersey )
13 . Washington University in St. Louis ( Missouri )
14 . Dartmouth College ( New Hampshire )
15 . Johns Hopkins University ( Maryland )
16 . Duke University ( North Carolina )
17 . Cornell University ( New York )
18 . University of Southern California
19 . Georgetown University ( Washington , D.C. )
20 . Brown University ( Rhode Island )
Check out The Daily Beast article ' The Fifty Most Stressful Colleges '  for more detailed information on these top twenty stressed out educational institutions across the United States of America , along with the other 30 institutions that make up the stressed out top fifty .
[ / caption ]
Good to know the Spaceguard teams are keeping an eye out for us .
The eagle - eyed observers at the Catalina Sky Survey have spotted an asteroid which will pass relatively close to Earth this Thursday , April 8 , 2010 at 23:06 U.T.C. ( 4:06 p.m. PDT , 7:06 pm EDT ) .
But it should pose no problem , as at the time of closest approach asteroid 2010 GA6 will be about 359,000 kilometers ( 223,000 miles ) away from Earth – about 9/10 ths the distance from to the moon .
The asteroid is approximately 22 meters ( 71 feet ) wide .
“ Fly bys of near - Earth objects within the moon ’s orbit occur every few weeks , ” said Don Yeomans of NASA ’s Near - Earth Object Office at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
This one , however , is a bit bigger than other recent asteroid alerts NASA ’s Near Earth Observation program has issued .
In November 2009 , a 7 - meter asteroid called 2009 VA came within 14,000 km ( 8,700 miles ) of Earth and in January , 2010 AL30 was about 10 - 15 meters long and came within only 128,000 km ( about 80,000 miles ) .
NASA ’s NEO program , also called Spaceguard , discovers these objects , characterizes a subset of them and plots their orbits to determine if any could be potentially hazardous to our planet .
So while you ’re waiting for this one to pass by you can read Don Yeoman ’s top ten favorite asteroid facts .
The Catalina telescope is in Tucson , Arizona .
For more information about asteroids and near - Earth objects , visit NASA ’s Asteroid Watch page .
( Newser ) – Those lucky few who have managed to buy an iPad are finding to their dismay that its wireless capabilities are n’t all they ’re cracked up to be .
Complaints over weak WiFi signals , dropped connections , and slow web browsing are flooding into Apple , ComputerWorld reports .
As of this afternoon , a thread on the official iPad support forum entitled “ Weak WiFi ” had more than 25,000 views .
“ Signal is weak , downloading anything is painfully slow and it will drop the signal every 5 - 10 minutes , ” wrote one user .
“ Pretty annoying . ”
Apple posted some support documents yesterday recommending users sit closer to the router or modify its settings , and users had a few other suggestions .
A few other complaints have also cropped up , most of them related to recharging the tablet on Windows machines or syncing the tablet with another computer .
( Read more iPad stories . )
If you 're looking for the definitive comparison table between the Google Nexus One , Apple iPhone 3GS , Motorola Droid , and Palm Pre , here you have it .
From storage capacity to price to plans .
Guess who wins ( you 'll probably be wrong ) .
Advertisement
My impression is that nobody clearly wins .
Each of these phones have their own strengths and weaknesses , but there 's still not a definitive one .
My favorite is still the iPhone just because the user interface design and the amazing applications — it's not the number , but when you have 126,000 apps , inevitably you are going to have some amazingly good apps in each software category .
However , in terms of specs , things are not that clear at all .
At the end , it 's still a matter of personal preference .
[ Billshrink — Thanks Ricky ]
Researchers have long wondered why the people of the Tibetan Highlands can live at elevations that cause some humans to become life - threateningly ill -- and a new study answers that mystery , in part , by showing that through thousands of years of natural selection , those hardy inhabitants of south - central Asia evolved 10 unique oxygen - processing genes that help them live in higher climes .
In a study published May 13 in Science Express , researchers from the University of Utah School of Medicine and Qinghai University Medical School in the People 's Republic of China report that thousands of years ago , Tibetan highlanders began to genetically adapt to prevent polycythemia ( a process in which the body produces too many red blood cells in response to oxygen deprivation ) , as well as other health abnormalities such as swelling of the lungs and brain ( edema ) and hypertension of the lung vessels leading to eventual respiratory failure .
Even at elevations of 14,000 feet above sea level or higher , where the atmosphere contains much less oxygen than at sea level , most Tibetans do not overproduce red blood cells and do not develop lung or brain complications .
The Utah and Chinese researchers found evidence that this might be related to at least 10 genes , two of which are specific genes strongly associated with hemoglobin , a molecule that transports oxygen in the blood .
High - altitude lung and brain complications threaten and even kill mountaineers who scale the world 's tallest peaks .
Others who find themselves at elevations significantly higher than where they normally live and work also can be stricken with the condition .
Adaptations to living at higher altitudes have occurred in humans more than once , such as with people indigenous to the Andes Mountains in South America and people native to high altitude regions in the Ethiopian mountains in Africa .
But the Tibetans have evolved genes that others living at similar elevations have not developed , according to Lynn B. Jorde , Ph.D. , professor and chair of human genetics at the U of U School of Medicine and a senior author on the study .
" For the first time , we have genes that help explain that adaptation , " Jorde said .
The study was undertaken after Josef T. Prchal , M.D. , a hematologist and professor of internal medicine , approached Jorde about doing genetic analysis related to his research on polycythemia .
" What 's unique about Tibetans is they do n't develop high red blood cells counts , " said Prchal , also a senior author on the study who has done research in Tibet .
" If we can understand this , we can develop therapies for human disease . "
Prchal 's request prompted Tatum S. Simonson , a doctoral student in Jorde 's lab and first author on the study , to travel to Tibet to collect DNA from people who lived in the region .
Working with Ge Re-li , M.D. , Ph.D. , director of the Research Center for High Altitude Medicine at Qinhai University Medical School in Xining , China , Simonson took blood samples from 75 people who live in a village 14,720 feet above sea level .
After eliminating some samples because of kinship and other factors , she narrowed the blood sample selection to 31 -- large enough for statistical validity .
These samples were analyzed for 1 million genetic mutations or single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) .
The U of U research group then made a list of 247 candidate genes related to processing oxygen or other physiological features potentially associated with Tibetans ' ability to thrive in higher elevations .
Two post - doctoral fellows in Jorde 's lab , Chad D. Huff , Ph.D. , and David J. Witherspoon .
Ph.D. , and Simonson performed computer analyses to compare the DNA variants in the villagers ' blood samples with those from people living at neighboring lower elevations regions .
This helped identify genes in the Tibetans that were not found in nearby populations .
From this analysis the researchers narrowed the number of candidate genes down to 10 , including the two strongly related to hemoglobin .
Although much work remains , and there could be other physiological reasons for the Tibetans ' ability to thrive at higher elevations , the researchers believe those 10 genes might have allowed the Tibetans to evolve more efficient metabolisms and not overproduce red blood cells in response to thinner air .
The Tibetans also show higher levels of nitric oxide , a molecule that may help get more oxygen to tissues and prevent polycythemia .
" This might help make up for having fewer red blood cells , " Jorde said .
A detailed understanding of these changes may eventually lead to targeted therapies for common human maladies , including pulmonary hypertension and lung and brain edema , which affect people everywhere .
Obtaining permission to conduct research in Tibet is difficult , and the U of U researchers say without the help of Re - Li , senior author on the study , the project may not have been possible .
Counseling Mixed Polyamorous / Monogamous Relationships Elaine Cook November 9 , 2002 ( A slightly modified version of the original paper to protect privacy )
Introduction I am interested in marriage and relationship counseling , especially of polyamorous relationships ( polyamory means many loves , and is used for people who are open to honest , loving , generally sexual relationships with more than one person ) .
Given that this is not the norm in our society , there are many couples in a relationship where one partner wishes to be polyamorous in practice , while the other partner wants both of them to be monogamous .
How can they handle this ?
How can a therapist work with the people who are in such a relationship ?
This is an issue that I expect to have to deal with in my practice .
To find out what people who are dealing with this situation think , I subscribed to two email lists .
One is intended primarily for the monogamous partners , and the other for the polyamorous partners in a mixed relationship , though some of the same people post to both lists on occasion .
I thought I could get a wider range of views this way than interviewing 3 - 5 people .
I 've read over 700 messages while preparing for this paper .
In this paper , I 'll describe what I 've learned through the list .
A Note on Terminology Within the lists , mono is frequently used as an abbreviation for monogamy or monogamous , and poly is used as an abbreviation for polyamory or polyamorous .
I 'll use these abbreviations in this paper .
Polyamory is generally distinguished from swinging , though some people are involved in both .
In polyamory , the focus is on loving relationships , whereas in swinging the focus is on sex , and often relationships or emotional involvement are discouraged .
The terms primary and secondary are used to describe different levels of involvement , but their use is not consistent .
Some people use primary to mean marriage or a live - in relationship , with joint finances , child care , etc .
Note that a primary relationship can include more than two people , for example a triad that lives together and shares expenses .
Others use it to mean their " most important " relationship , in which case it may not be reciprocal ( one person may consider the other primary , but not vice versa ) .
New Relationship Energy ( commonly referred to as NRE ) is the excitement that one feels when getting to know someone new .
It 's the juice that helps a new relationship get off the ground .
The Email Lists PolyMono@yahoogroups.com is the group that is intended to support the monogamous partners .
I have looked at the emails from it going back to late June .
Cpnpolymono@yahoogroups.com is the group that is intended for the polyamorous partners .
I have looked at it starting at the beginning of September .
Participants in the lists tell their stories , offer each other sympathy and advice , tell how they addresed a problem someone else brought up , and have occasional philosophical discussions .
They share links to web sites , recommend books , and discuss the pros and cons of " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell , " veto power , and many other things .
Participants
My knowledge of the participants of these online forums is limited to what they choose to reveal about themselves .
There are over 70 people who posted to the lists during the time I 've been reading them .
In mixed gender relationships , both men and women are dealing with each side of the issue - it 's definitely not just the men who are pushing for polyamory .
There are a number of women who are either in lesbian or bisexual relationships ( in the bi relationships they may have either a man or a woman as their primary partner ) , but I have not seen postings from men writing about relationships with other men ( though it 's not always possible to tell someone 's gender ) .
The identified ages range from early twenties to mid fifties .
There are at least two counselors who participate .
Relationship situations faced
There are a wide variety of relationship situations addressed in these forums .
The participants include People in previously monogamous relationships where one partner wishes to have other lovers or has started to have other lovers
People who started a primary relationship with someone knowing the s/he was polyamorous , and are struggling to see if they can handle that situation
People who started a relationship with someone already in a primary relationship
Someone who was part of a lesbian couple who added a third to their relationship during the course of the 4 months
Someone who is herself poly , but has a great deal of difficulty with the fact that the couple she 's involved with are swingers
A self - identified " junior wife " who is struggling with her partner 's desire to have additional lovers
People who never had a monogamous commitment , and perhaps started with a non -monogamous relationship , but have been de facto monogamous for years , and are now struggling with wanting a poly relationship when their partner does not
Mono partners who feel pressured by their poly partner to have other relationships Discussions / Areas of disagreement Not surprisingly , there are quite a few areas where the participants have opposing view points .
I 'll discuss a number of these issues .
Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell ( DADT ) .
For some people , a policy of DADT seems to be necessary .
This way the issue of what the poly partner is doing is not in the face of the mono partner , and therefore seems less stressful .
Others who have tried it find it does n't work for them .
Either it lulls them into a false sense of security because they think their partner is being monogamous , or they find that knowing what is really going on helps them get used to the idea .
Getting to know their partner 's other partners can sometimes be reassuring , because they are simply other people .
For many people , honesty is absolutely required , and DADT is by definition not a part of polyamory .
However , the poly partner may adjust the level of detail described according to the desire of the mono partner to listen to it .
Does polyamory increase or decrease the likelihood of your partner leaving ?
For some people , practicing polyamory is like gambling .
The more people you get involved with , the more likely you are to find someone you would rather be with , and therefore you dump your original partner .
It 's just a numbers game .
Other people take the opposite view .
If you 're faced with an either / or situation , you 're more likely to drop the old partner in the excitement of getting to know someone new and interesting .
Polyamory allows you to experience the joys of NRE ( New Relationship Energy ) while also maintaining your original relationship , while monogamy leads to serial monogamy .
As one person said , being poly does n't increase the likelihood that another lover will replace you , but being mono means it is more likely to happen without your awareness .
Another person commented that a high quality relationship is the best protection for either a poly or a mono relationship .
Are polyamory and monogamy inherent or trained ?
Some people see poly and mono as a natural continuum , with people spread out along it according to inherent desire .
According to this view , some people are naturally monogamous , others naturally polyamorous , with many somewhere in the middle and able to adapt to either .
Others consider monogamy to be the result of social conditioning .
Is polyamory more evolved ?
Many monos are struggling with the idea that being polyamorous is a more evolved lifestyle , and are fairly defensive about this , because their partners present it in that light .
However , other people point out that monogamy and polyamory are simply different relationship models , and each one works better for some people .
Some people point out that for polyamory to work well , the participants need to have a high level of self - awareness , honesty , self - love and security .
Being in a poly relationship requires a willingness to change and grow .
However , this does not imply that these traits are not or can not be present in a monogamous relationship .
There was some distrust of the motives of someone who uses this type of argument to persuade his or her partner to adopt polyamory ; it was considered a form of pressure which is not helpful .
Who is trying to get whom to change ?
( or who has to do most of the work ? )
Mono posters tend to feel that they are being asked to make most of the changes .
After all , they were trained in a different model of relationship , and have to change their expectations .
They are being asked to accept behavior that they do n't like .
Poly posters on the other hand express the sense that they are being asked to restrict their behavior , while they are n't asking their partners to do anything , and therefore the burden of effort is on them .
Do additional relationships add to or detract from a primary relationship ?
The mono partner may think that additional relationships only detract from the primary relationship .
The other relationships take time , attention and energy away from the primary one .
They are also the " cause " of much jealousy , anxiety , pain and frustration .
However , some mono partners also recognize that there is a benefit in the communication they 've engaged in and in the happiness of their partner .
Sometimes there 's additional sexual juice at home when the poly partner gets involved in another relationship .
Some people see the time and energy drain as similar to hobbies and other activities , and point out that monogamy does not necessarily lead to an attentive spouse .
Is polyamory simply an excuse to have lots of sex partners , an excuse for self - indulgence ?
As some people describe their " poly " partner , it would appear that the answer is yes for them .
My impression in reading these lists is that these partners are also much less patient and accepting of their mono partner , and less willing to deal with the fears and concerns that come up .
Many people on the lists would not consider polyamory to be the issue here ; if all the person wants is sex and not loving relationships , then it 's not polyamory .
For them , a loving intimate relationship is what matters , and sex is just one way to express the intimacy .
Is veto power a good idea ?
There is considerable discussion about agreements within the lists .
For many , probably most , people on the lists , having an agreement about what behavior is acceptable is extremely important .
It allows people to find an arrangement that works ( at least to some extent ) for all parties concerned .
Someone breaking an agreement is a red flag .
People also point out the pitfalls of agreeing to rules reluctantly : if the poly partner is reluctant , the rules are more likely to be broken ; if the mono partner is reluctant , then s/he may not be getting the safety that the rules are designed to provide .
One agreement that primary partners sometimes make is that either can have veto power over the other 's choice of a new lover .
For some people , this is essential .
They want to protect themselves from another lover who they think is likely to damage the primary relationship .
Others feel that this type of control is itself likely to damage the relationship , and that each person has to make his / her own decisions about the people they want to be involved with .
Insights and Observations
There were many insights posted on the list , and many important comments made .
Sometimes these were expressed as personal experience , and sometimes as advice .
Not surprisingly , a major issue is jealousy .
This takes the form of anger , withdrawal , tears , and much pain .
People who post to these lists ask how to deal with their jealousy , they blame their partners for making them feel this way , and they find ways to lessen the pain that they feel .
An observation that was made several times is that the people posting to the lists are mostly the ones who are having a problem .
Those who have resolved their pain are happily living their lives rather than posting messages .
Therefore it's not surprising if , in reading the list , you get the idea that pain is all there is if you try to make a poly / mono relationship work .
Most of the participants ( except for some who wrote saying , " This is too painful , I 've broken up .
Bye. " ) are conscious of a tradeoff .
Is the relationship satisfying enough for them to continue to deal with their pain ?
There were repeated comments to the effect that one should get out if it gets to be too painful , that we 're responsible for our own choices , and if we choose to remain in this type of relationship we have to let go of the idea that we have the moral high ground .
One person notes that the key to sanity for her was changing her expectations of the relationship .
Someone suggested , " Focus on what you have , not what you 're giving up . "
The relationship needs to give more pleasure than pain , or it's not worth continuing .
One person even talked about the cost / benefit ratio .
Many monos are puzzled at the desire for more than one partner .
They feel the need for an intimate , sexual partner , but once that need is satisfied by one person , they either feel no sexual attraction for anyone else , or no desire to follow up on an attraction .
They are having to come to terms with the fact that their partners feel differently .
Others imagine that under the right circumstances they might also be interested in another lover .
One such scenario is where they share a third person with their partner .
One suggestion to help poly / mono relationships work better is to find out what each person needs to feel loved , and make an effort to provide that .
The needs and desires of both people in a primary relationship need to be met , and a conscious effort on the part of the poly partner to help his / her partner feel loved and appreciated goes a long ways towards making the relationship worthwhile and successful .
It 's a considerable help to the mono partner when s/he has confidence that anyone who threatens the primary relationship will be dropped .
One woman had a breakthrough when she noticed that monogamous people do n't blame monogamy when their relationship fails , they blame the person .
By implication , it 's not polyamory per se that breaks up a relationship , but the people involved .
People had difficulty trying to figure out how to explain their relationships to family and friends .
Someone compared this to the situation faced by GLBT people , especially in the days when same sex relationships were either unheard of or totally unaccepted .
Since polyamorous relationships do n't get social support , they have extra pressure and are more difficult to maintain .
One theme that comes up repeatedly is the suggestion that the move towards being poly only go as fast as the slowest person is ready for .
This means allowing the mono partner plenty of time to work through his / her feelings , and working together to find agreements that work for both partners .
However , sometimes the mono partner is unwilling to talk about it or cooperate .
In this case the poly partner is faced with the choice of pushing the issue , dropping the idea of polyamory for the sake of the relationship , or deciding that a breakup may be necessary .
Some monos recognize that intellectually they can handle poly , but emotionally they still have a very hard time .
A common dilemma for the mono partner is what to do when their partner is with someone else .
The general advice is to keep busy , especially with fun activities .
Find something to do that you enjoy but your partner does n't .
In other words , distract yourself .
Some people emphasize the need to create your own happiness .
In particular , do n't let anyone else decide your worth .
If the relationship falls apart , it does not mean that anyone is bad , malicious or undeserving .
There was some admiration expressed for people who agree to be monogamous for the sake of their partner .
Many people talk about being helped by counseling with a counselor who understands poly / mono issues .
They work on their own issues in counseling , and also learn to communicate better with their partners .
Above all , the emphasis is on talk , talk , talk .
Conclusion
I have long thought that dealing with the conflict between one person who wants to be polyamorous and a partner who wants them both to be monogamous is analogous to other either / or situations , such as one partner who wants to have children and the other who does n't , or one person who wants to live in the country and the other who wants to live in the city .
I now see that it 's more complicated emotionally than that .
The expectation of monogamy ( or at least of the pretense of monogamy ) is very strong in our society .
Trying to change this expectation can be very painful for someone who does n't see any advantage to the change .
I think the points to bear in mind when counseling a poly / mono couple are as follows : Communication is key .
Both partners need to learn how to communicate their feelings rather than their judgements , to listen empathically , to let their partner know what they heard and correct it if necessary , to be patient with feelings that have to be expressed many times .
They need to explore ways to help each other feel loved and special .
They may need help in negotiating agreements that work for both of them .
The counselor needs to show acceptance of both polyamory and monogamy , and not be an advocate for either .
The counselor needs to respect the views of both people .
If one person feels intimidated , the counselor needs to help that person express his / her feelings .
The counselor needs to encourage both people to explore their feelings and look at the roots of their feelings .
What are the underlying needs ?
Is there a way they have n't thought of to meet those needs ?
The counselor needs to encourage self - responsibility , helping them to focus on what each of them can do to improve the situation rather than what the other person can do .
The counselor needs to help them decide whether the relationship is worth the effort by giving them the room to explore the pros and cons of continuing the relationship .
The counselor needs to encourage an attitude of mutual respect , even if they decide to split up .
There may be other issues that need to be addressed that are masked by the poly / mono dispute .
In summary , there can be a great deal of tension between a couple who have different views on the desirability of monogamy .
Communication is key to helping them decide whether they want to stay in relationship , and if so , how they will deal with this issue .
The role of the counselor is to help them learn to communicate effectively , and address their own issues and desires to determine what they want to do .
© 2002 by Elaine Cook
Aphroweb Home Page
Other Papers
Hurts just uploaded a new video onto their YouTube account , and it ’s probably their most interesting video to date .
Although they start off talking bullshit about physical music sales , they go on to reveal more interesting details about the band , what they have been doing and what they plan to do in the future .
For those of you who are Hurts fans like myself , you will be interested to hear why we receive so little information from the band themselves .
“ We set out with a plan , to not give away much , and not say anything , but do big , big things that were important and took the place of lots of little things .
And when we took the decision not to give anything away , we thought this could go one of two ways . ”
“ People could just go I ’m bored , or it could be hard to get which everyone falls for , so it ’s good .
They say , uh , get over yourselves , and then they go , but please show us more music – so it works . ”
Unfortunately , I had the opportunity to see Hurts live earlier this week , but I did n’t have either the money or the time to do it .
Luckily for me , there are three live snippets of their songs included in this 11 minute interview .
They include : Better Than Love , Stay , and Wonderful Life , and by god do they sound good !
Enjoy !
Jarc -
An Arc interpreter written in Java
What 's Cool about Jarc ?
Interactive Debugger
Jarc > ( let x 10 ( let y 11 (+ x y z ) ) )
Error : Symbol 'z ' has no value 0 : z DEBUG 0 : b Backtrace : 0 : z 1 : (+ x y z ) 2 : ( ( fn ( y ) (+ x y z ) ) 11 ) 3 : ( ( fn ( x ) ( let y 11 (+ x y z ) ) ) 10 ) 4 : ( with ( x 10 ) ( let y 11 (+ x y z ) ) ) 5 : ( let x 10 ( let y 11 (+ x y z ) ) )
0 : z DEBUG 0 : h Debugger commands : b Print the Lisp backtrace d Move down the backtrace e Eval following expression f
Move to the specified frame h Print this help m
Print the error message p Print the current frame in the backtrace q Quit the debugger and return to top - level r Return following expression as value of current frame s Print the Java stack trace u
Move up the backtrace 0 : z DEBUG 0 : e x 10 0 : z DEBUG 0 : r 13 34 Jarc >
Compiler for the JVM
Jarc 12 now has a compiler which optimizes tail - recursive functions .
It 's not generic tail - call elimination , but it can optimize functions that call themselves .
SQL Access
( use 'sql ) ( sql- driver " com.mysql.jdbc. Driver " ) ( = jdbc-url " jdbc:mysql://localhost/MyDB " ) ( = db-username " root " ) ( = db-password " " ) ( def blah - create ( ) ( with - open db ( sql - connect jdbc- url db- username db- password ) ( sql- update db " CREATE TABLE Blah ( id INTEGER NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY , value VARCHAR ( 100 ) NULL ) TYPE=InnoDB " ) ) ) ( def blah - insert - values ( id value ) ( with - open db ( sql - connect jdbc- url db- username db- password ) ( sql- update db " insert into Blah ( id , value ) values ( ? , ? ) " id value ) ) ) ( def blah - insert ( blah - obj ) ( with - open db ( sql - connect jdbc- url db- username db- password ) ( sql - insert db " Blah " blah - obj ) ) ) ( def blah - list ( ) ( with - open db ( sql - connect jdbc- url db- username db- password ) ( with - open stmt ( sql - stmt db " select id , value from Blah " ) ( with - open rs ( sql- query stmt ) ( while ( next rs ) ( prn ( getObject rs 1 ) " \t " ( getObject rs " value " ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( def blah - update - values ( id value ) ( with - open db ( sql - connect jdbc- url db- username db- password ) ( sql- update db " update Blah set value= ?
where id= ? " value id ) ) ) ( def blah - update ( id blah - obj ) ( with - open db ( sql - connect jdbc- url db- username db- password ) ( sql- modify db " Blah " blah - obj " where id= ? " id ) ) ) Jarc > ( blah - create ) 0 Jarc > ( blah - insert - values 10 " can " ) 1 Jarc > ( blah - insert ( obj id 11 value " cannot " ) ) 1 Jarc > ( blah - list ) 10 can 11 cannot nil Jarc > ( sql - trace 't ) nil Jarc > ( blah - update 11 ( obj id 11 value " can't " ) )
SQL : com.mysql.jdbc.PreparedStatement@5c435a3a : update Blah set value= ' can\'t ', id=11 where id=11 1 Jarc > ( blah - list ) SQL : com.mysql.jdbc.PreparedStatement@585976c2 : select id , value from Blah 10 can 11 ca n't nil
Tracing displays the SQL statements ( in the current thread only ) .
Prepared statements are used in the implementation which improves performance and minimizes SQL injection attacks .
SQL selects require closing the result set ( rs ) before closing the statement , so the statement ( stmt ) has to be created explicitly when using sql-query .
When using sql-update the statement is created internally .
The macro with - open does the same things as let and then also calls close at the end of the let body .
For a more complete example see testsql.sql .
Regular Expressions
Jarc > ( match " ( \S+ ) " " foo bar " ) " foo " Jarc > ( let it " foo bar baz " ( match " ( \S+ ) ( \S+ ) " ) ) ( " bar " " foo " ) Jarc >
Like Perl , match searches the default variable , which in Arc is " it " .
Jarc > ( while - matches " ( \w + ) =( \w * ) " " foo=1
bar=2
baz=3 " ( prn \ 1 " = > " \ 2 ) ) foo => 1 bar => 2 baz => 3 nil
What 's Lame about Jarc ?
There are no first class continuations .
It does support limited continuations using Java 's try / catch .
The continuation has to be called while it 's still on the stack .
Web Apps
Jarc has a Java Servlet for creating web apps in arc .
It does n't use the standard arc html package .
Jarc web apps looks like this :
( use ' jtml ) ( def / hello ( req res ) ( html ( head ) ( body " Hello World . " ;;
Query parameters are available by apply : ( p " Hi to " req! name ) ;;
All getXXX methods of HttpServletRequest are available by apply also : ( p " Request method is " req ! Method ) ( p " Cookies : " ( ul ( each cookie req ! Cookies ( li ( pr ( getName cookie ) '= ( getValue cookie ) ) ) ) ) ) ( p ( a href '/ " Index " ) ) ) ) )
How is Jarc different than Arc ?
It should be as easy as possible to call Java methods .
It should be compatible with Arc .
( def msec ( ) ( getTime ( new java.util. Date ) ) )
The " new " function creates an instance of a Java class .
The interpreter dispatches on the first argument . [ 1 ]
So " getTime " is a Java method on Date .
Jarc does a run-time method lookup on the Java class and finds " getTime " .
Arguments are automatically converted into the appropriate Java types to make the call whereever possible .
In this simple example there are no arguments being passed to " getTime " .
Static Java method calls also look just like Arc function calls :
( def system ( cmd ) ( let proc ( exec ( java.lang.Runtime.getRuntime ) cmd ) ( let in ( new java.io.BufferedReader ( new java.io. InputStreamReader ( getInputStream proc ) ) ) ( awhile ( readLine in ) ( prn it ) ) ( close in ) ) ) )
This conflicts with the dot notation in Arc. Jarc trades - off compatibility in this one instance for easier Java method access .
It saves typing one whole token !
If a static method is not found , then Arc dot notation semantics are used , so in practice there is n't any conflict .
Starting with Jarc 8 methods on java.lang .
String automatically apply to Jarc strings .
( replaceAll " foo " " o " " e " ) => " fee "
You can override methods on java.lang .
String with macros , but not with functions .
Java method calls take precedence over Arc functions .
And macros take precedence over everything , of course .
History
I started writing this because I wanted a powerful language to write quick and dirty throw - away programs that call existing Java APIs .
Like the Java API for the network management product I used to work on during the day .
The main goal is that calling Java classes should be as concise as possible .
Jarc began in 2005 before Paul Graham released arc0 .
He had written enough on his web site about his ideas for Arc , that I was able to build something close to what Arc actually is .
I have used this at work to build two prototypes and also for some throw - away data crunching .
It has been a great tool .
Much better than writing in Java !
After Arc was released I updated Jarc to be compatible with Arc .
The biggest difference was that Jarc had dynamic binding and Arc does not .
Changing that broke the cool things about Arc , like the debugger and sql package .
They had to be converted to not rely on dynamic binding .
Current Status
The lastest version is available at : Jarc Source Forge download page .
You can also browse the source code on SourceForge .
Notes
[ 1 ] Paul Graham suggested that Arc might have dispatch on first arg in Arc at 3 Weeks .
No joke : we love minimalist posters .
But a minimalist take on Lost , with its six seasons , ridiculous plot twists , and roughly 30 main characters , is no easy feat .
However , the cult of Lost breeds superfans , among which Georgia - based artist Gideon Slife is no exception .
He decided to create a poster for every , single , episode , starting with the pilot from 2004 .
The posters feature a muted color palette and a pithy phrase summarizing the installment .
So far , Slife is up to his 78th poster ( that ’s halfway through the fourth season , for the few undevoted Losters out there ) , and is planning to work his way up to the 121st poster for the series finale on May 23rd .
Check our some of our favorite graphic images and see if you can pin each one to its proper season .
Keep tabs on Slife ’s progress on Flickr .
What do you do with a little boy who likes cross-dressing and playing with dolls ?
If you 're George Alan Rekers , you " extinguish " the boy 's feminine behavior with a sometimes violent Pavlovian regimen while your scientific team observes through a one - way mirror .
That 's what the Baptist minister -- who made international headlines when he was exposed by Miami New Times this month for hiring a gay escort -- did in the early 1970s at a clinic he opened at UCLA called the Feminine Boy Project .
In 1974 , Rekers , a leading thinker in the so - called ex-gay movement , was presented with a 4 - year - old " effeminate boy " named Kraig , whose parents had enrolled him in the program .
Rekers put Kraig in a " play - observation room " with his mother , who was equipped with a listening device .
When the boy played with girly toys , the doctors instructed her to avert her eyes from the child .
According to a 2001 account in Brain , Child Magazine , " On one
such occasion , his distress was such that he began to scream , but his
mother just looked away .
His anxiety increased , and he did whatever he
could to get her to respond to him ...
Kraig became so hysterical , and
his mother so uncomfortable , that one of the clinicians had to enter and
take Kraig , screaming , from the room . "
Rekers 's research team continued the experiment in the family 's home .
Kraig received red chips for feminine behavior and blue chips for
masculine behavior .
The blue chips could be cashed in for candy or
television time .
The red chips earned him a " swat " or spanking from his
father .
Researchers periodically entered the family 's home to ensure
proper implementation of the reward - punishment system .
After two years , the boy supposedly manned up .
Over the decades , Rekers ,
who ran countless similar experiments , held Kraig up as " the poster boy
for behavioral treatment of boyhood effeminacy . "
At age 18 , shamed by his childhood diagnosis and treatment , Rekers's
poster boy attempted suicide , according to Gender Shock , a book by
journalist Phyllis Burke .
Rekers , whose early experiments were the first
to ostensibly demonstrate a " gay cure , " resigned from the National
Association for Research & Therapy of Homosexuality ( NARTH ) last
week , after it was revealed the gay escort had given him nude sexual
massages .
NARTH , however , stands by his science .
The President made the following statement on the earthquake in Chile and preparations for a possible tsunami that could reach American shores later today :
[ [ nid:9461 ] ]
Tsunami warnings are in affect for Hawaii , N. Marianas , American Samoa , Marshall and Solomon Islands .
A tsunami advisory is in effect along the west coast of the United States and Alaska .
More information can be found at the National Weather Center 's website .
FEMA continues to monitor the situation , and through Region IX in California , is in contact with the State of Hawaii , and recommends that individuals follow the advice of local officials .
FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate is monitoring the situation from FEMA Headquarters in Washington , DC and released the following statement :
FEMA and the Department of Homeland Security are closely monitoring the situation , and officials are in close contact with the State of Hawaii and the U.S. territories in the Pacific Ocean that could be impacted by a potential tsunami .
FEMA stands ready to assist should a request for assistance be made , and does have pre-deployed assets in Hawaii , including food , water , generators and other resources .
We urge all individuals to follow the direction provided by local officials .
Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano has been briefed and is monitoring developments from Vancouver , where she is serving as the lead of the US Delegation at the Olympics .
More information and resources ( updated throughout the day ) :
Robert Gibbs is White House Press Secretary
From April 15 - 16 , 2010 the board of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative met in Berlin .
Eduardo Bohorquez , head of the Mexican TI chapter and board member of the EITI , as well as François Valérian , head of Private Sector Programmes for Transparency International , were there ( version française versión en español )
April 16 marked a decisive day for the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative ( EITI ) , a sister organisation to Transparency International set up to stop corruption in the energy sector and the extractive industries .
The board of EITI , which is made up of people from industry , government and civil society , took the delicate decision to eject two countries for failing to comply with its guidelines , and gave 16 others a deadline extension of only six months to shape up .
This is pretty big news .
EITI was founded in 2002 expressly to help poor people in resource rich countries get the benefits from the money their governments receive for the exploitation of their natural resources .
The goal , in a word , is to eliminate what is known as the resource curse : persistent poverty in countries that have significant supplies of valuable natural resources .
Countries who wish to enjoy the “ EITI compliant ” status have two years to set out how they will make disclosures on the amounts of money they receive for oil , gas and mineral extraction and have these independently verified .
That is what Azerbaijan and Liberia have already achieved ; proving that two years can be enough to complete the process .
They are the first two countries worldwide to have done so and this has helped enhance their profile in the international investment community .
Where there is political will , there is a way .
Some countries , however , are reluctant to comply because this kind of transparency helps citizens hold their governments to account for the money they receive .
The more transparent the reporting process the harder it is for corrupt officials to misuse public funds .
Sixteen countries that were granted limited deadline extensions had to argue convincingly that there were “ exceptional and unforeseen circumstances ” that kept them from complying .
The board thoroughly reviewed each one of the cases and finally agreed on the six - month extensions .
Only Equatorial Guinea and Sao Tome y Principe were ejected .
The difficulties expressed by the countries that found the two - year validation process too short reinforce the global need for accelerated country - per-country disclosure of payments in corporate practices , stock exchange regulations and recommendations of the International Accounting Standards Board .
If country - per-country disclosure was a global standard , countries would already have frameworks in place that made reporting and verification easier .
Six months from now EITI will have further tough decisions to make .
We hope that this message to governments will translate into action and that candidate countries rapidly disclose their extractive industry revenues and have them verified .
EITI takes this new deadline very seriously ; we expect each one of this group of 16 countries to do the same .
As part of a global strategy to open up the sector , we at TI are also working on transparency in the extractive industries in the Promoting Revenue Transparency project ( PRT ) .
Our 2008 Report on Revenue Transparency of Oil and Gas Companies assessed 42 leading companies on their transparency regarding reporting revenues and anti-corruption policies .
We found most companies do not report sufficiently though some do , showing that it is possible .
Our 2011 PRT report will measure progress and continue our call for corporate country - per-country reporting as well as governmental transparency .
We urge all EITI candidate countries to efficiently complete their validation process .
More transparency leads to less corruption , less poverty and more effective development .
The latest on that alleged iPhone 4G prototype : Brian Lam , Gizmodo 's editorial director , has published an official letter he received from Apple requesting that the device be returned immediately .
Gizmodo believes that such official communication proves the device is real .
However , it should be noted that this does not necessarily mean that the device is the next iPhone -- just that it's an Apple prototype of some sort .
How the Phone Was Found
The iPhone 4G prototype -- at least , that 's what Gizmodo assumes it is -- was reportedly found by an anonymous bar - goer at Gourmet Haus Staudt , a German beer garden in Redwood City , near San Francisco .
The phone was discovered on a barstool at midnight on Thursday , March 19 .
The person who found the phone asked around the bar to see if anyone had lost an iPhone 3GS ( the phone had a case on it that made it look like a 3GS ) , but nobody claimed it .
The person then unlocked the phone and found the Facebook page of Apple software engineer , Gray Powell , still signed in .
The person decided to try to return it in the morning .
Gizmodo says that the person woke up to find the phone dead -- thanks to Apple 's MobileMe service , which allows users to wipe their stolen iPhones of all data , remotely .
The person then noticed the phone looked different from other iPhones - - for one thing , it had a front - facing camera -- and managed to remove the " disguise " case .
Upon discovering that this iPhone was not like any other iPhone out there , this person promptly forgot their promise to find Gray Powell and return the phone , and started selling to the highest bidder .
Checkbook Journalism
Did Gizmodo shell out $ 5,000 for its exclusive lost iPhone 4G story ?
Yes , says head of Gawker Media ( the publisher of Gizmodo ) Nick Denton , who tweeted earlier Monday , " Yes , we 're proud practitioners of checkbook journalism .
Anything for the story ! " and " Does Gizmodo pay for exclusives ?
Too right ! "
According to AOL's Daily Finance , Engadget had the chance to bid after it published the first fuzzy photos of the phone , but declined .
Engadget editor in chief Joshua Topolsky says he does n't believe in checkbook journalism as " it encourages awful behavior in tipsters . "
This is not the first time Gawker Media has paid for a story , either -- in October 2009 , Gawker reportedly paid a 25 - year - old researcher for the confirmation that the ( by then , infamous ) " Balloon Boy " story was a hoax .
Also , in January 2010 , Gawker 's tech blog Valleywag offered up to $ 100,000 for concrete details on the ( then rumored )
Apple tablet : $ 10 k for pictures , $ 20 k for video , $ 50 k for pictures or video of Steve Jobs holding one , and $ 100 k if you could put it in Valleywag 's hands for an hour .
Apple was n't too pleased with Valleywag 's " Scavenger Hunt , " however , and immediately sent Valleywag 's editor in chief a letter saying that Valleywag had " crossed the line " by offering " a bounty for the theft of Apple 's trade secrets , " and demanded that Valleywag immediately discontinue the hunt .
Which is why , of course , it 's curious that Apple has n't spoken up with regards to this latest " leak , " if it is , in fact , that .
Legal Fallout
The Daily Finance also suggests that Engadget may have been worried about the potential repercussions of buying a supposedly " lost and found " item .
After all , California Penal Code Section 485 states :
" One who finds lost property under circumstances which give him knowledge of or means of inquiry as to the true owner , and who appropriates such property to his own use , or to the use of another person not entitled thereto , without first making reasonable and just efforts to find the owner and to restore the property to him , is guilty of theft . "
Since the person who found this prototype did see Gray Powell 's Facebook page on the iPhone , and did plan on returning it to Powell ( before , you know , Gizmodo accidentally dropped $ 5 k their way ) , one could argue that , in accordance with Section 485 , the phone was stolen .
Perhaps that 's why our anonymous tipster wanted to stay anonymous .
As for Gizmodo ?
When Computerworld asked Denton if he and Gizmodo were worried about the potential ramifications of publishing what could be considered Apple trade secrets , Denton simply cited a January 2008 lawsuit by the Church of Scientology ( when Gawker posted clips of a " private religious event " ) and said , " Formidable though Steve Jobs may be , the Church of Scientology has a more vicious reputation for litigation . "
Ultimately , Gizmodo may have dropped $ 5 k for a supposed iPhone 4G prototype -- but it 's racked them up over 10 million page views , according to Site Meter .
And as for the prototype , what do you think of the revised design ?
U.K. to repay Iran $ 650 million for tanks
by Staff Writers
London ( UPI ) Apr 27 , 2010
An international trade court ordered Britain to pay Iran $ 650 million for failing to deliver some 1,300 tanks after Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was toppled in the 1979 Islamic revolution , officials said .
That marked a propaganda victory for Iran as it braces for the United States and its allies to secure a new round of economic sanctions on it for refusing to abandon its nuclear program .
But Tehran wo n't gain any material benefit from the ruling by the court in The Hague .
With financial restrictions imposed by the European Union on Iran 's banking system , the funds the British government has been ordered to pay will automatically go into a trust account overseen by independent trustees that contains frozen Iranian assets .
Some $ 1.57 billion in Iranian assets had been frozen in Britain before the court announced its ruling .
Thus ended a bizarre legal battle which was fought over 30 years largely behind closed doors in the arbitration court of the International Chamber of Commerce in The Hague with little public knowledge .
The settlement is between International Military Services Ltd , the state - owned company used by Britain 's Defense Ministry that concluded the Chieftain deals in the 1970s , and Iran 's Ministry of Defense .
Britain's
The Independent newspaper noted that the settlement " will bring to an end one of the more tortuous and murky sagas in that most opaque and scandal - riddled area of international affairs -- nation - to - nation arms deals . "
In the 1970s , the shah 's government was favored by the United States and Britain as a vital bulwark against Soviet expansion to the strategic oil - rich Gulf .
From 1971 - 76 , his government ordered 1,500 Chieftains and 250 FV2404 armored repair vehicles , which retrieve damaged tanks from the battlefield , all manufactured by the Leyland Co. and Britain 's state - owned Royal Ordnance Factories .
At that time , the FV4030 / 1 Chieftain was Britain 's primary main battle tank .
When it was unveiled in 1967 it had the most powerful main gun of any tank in the world -- the 120 mm L11A5 rifled gun that could fire eight rounds a minute -- and the heaviest armor .
The contracts were worth 650 million pounds , today worth around $ 1.04 billion , and were paid in full in advance from the shah 's treasury , then overflowing thanks to Iran 's oil wealth .
Those funds were crucial in keeping Britain 's defense industry going at a time of slumping sales .
But by the time the shah was toppled in January 1979 and went into exile , Britain had delivered 187 of the 55 - ton FV4030 / 1 Chieftains , which the Iranians dubbed Shir - 1 .
The British halted deliveries to what was deemed a hostile regime in Tehran headed by the Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini after the U.S. Embassy in Tehran was stormed by his followers on Nov. 4 , 1979 .
Fifty - three U.S. diplomats and others were held hostage for 444 days , wrecking any prospect of the Chieftain deal being revived .
The fundamentalist regime demanded Britain return money paid for the undelivered tanks .
London refused .
The abrupt cancellation of the Chieftain contract , as well as the loss of other anticipated lucrative defense deals with the shah 's government , caused near - panic in Britain .
In the words of one senior IMS official at the time , the Ministry of Defense was " faced with the nightmarish prospect of wholesale redundancies and disorganization within ( the arms industry ) .
As a result , there was imminent danger of the partial collapse of a significant sector of the U.K. defense industry , with the attendant political and industrial consequences . "
Margaret Thatcher , Britain 's prime minister at the time , quietly sold 279 of the Chieftains to Jordan and 29 of the armored recovery vehicles to Saddam Hussein 's regime in Iraq just before he invaded Iran in September 1980 , triggering an eight - year war .
The Iranian Embassy in London declined all comment on the settlement .
But Professor Ali Ansari , an expert on Iran at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland , told The Independent , " Any debtor will always drag their feet but London has dragged this out spectacularly . "
Iran has similar claims pending against the United States .
" I suppose this shows the tenacity of Iran on these matters .
They really do not let this things go , " Ansari said .
It ’s hardly news that New Zealand ’s parliamentary climate deniers — the ACT party — have difficulty understanding climate science , but an astonishing leaflet from the party being stuffed into letterboxes around the country demonstrates that they are now losing touch with reality .
The leaflet calls for opponents of the Emissions Trading Scheme to “ rise up ” and attend a series of public meetings .
It gives an alarmist account of the costs of the scheme , and then offers this amazing justification :
That ’s right : “ scandal after scandal ” at the IPCC “ has unearthed evidence of a global fraud to create mass hysteria and transfer trillions of dollars from countries like New Zealand to largely corrupt dictatorships . ”
I wonder why this amazing revelation is n’t making front page news all round the world .
Could it be that it ’s a figment of the fertile imagination of John Boscawen , whose portrait adorns the leaflet ?
Let ’s see your evidence John .
I ’m sure you must have plenty , because you would n’t publish and distribute something that was untruthful , would you ?
Just to help you out a little , here ’s the truth about those IPCC “ scandals ” .
[ Hat tip to HT reader Le Chat Noir , who received the leaflet this morning and forwarded it to me . ]
Like this : Like Loading ...
Transcript excerpt #
1
<Q> : Let me move on to one more .
In December , you gave an interview to the Financial Post , there was a really interesting paragraph that you talked about handling devices and you raised a lot of good questions about their value in what they would accomplish .
You did n't really spend as much time , I think as everyone here would want , if you want to answer me , and it was a shorter interview .
Maybe you can answer some of those questions now , the markets evolved a little bit , there 's been some product announcements .
What are your thoughts about that type of form factor ?
< A – Mike Lazaridis > : Well .
The trends we 've been following have been an -- there 's been , over the last three to four years , organizations have discovered the value of smartphones clearly , and that 's why we 're here , and that 's what we 're talking .
And smartphones are always starting to space the need for laptops , but not all laptops , and not all needs .
And I know that there are risks organizations that ask their customers when they join , when get hired , do you want a smartphone or a laptop very few get the opportunity to have both .
So I think that 's an important thing , those are differentiated .
So the question you have ask yourself is when it comes to tablet , what market or what opportunities still it 's solving , what problem is it solving , and is it just a replacement laptop .
I think that 's a difficult one to judge .
But I think again if you look at what 's happening with smartphones are getting bigger , screens are getting bigger and getting more powerful and faster CPUs , more memory , we go in the 4G networks , we 've got Wi -Fi , it 's just got everything , the operating systems are becoming more , more powerful , the tools are becoming more , more powerful , more applications are being developed , and are being used in more and more both enterprise and consumer spaces .
So , I think at this point if you have to take the whole thing into consideration , you can't say what 's the market for tablets in exclusion of the other devices , you have to put the whole thing together and I do n't think it 's that clear yet .
Excerpt # 2
<Q> : In the consumer market , it seems like , in the smartphones , especially , there is a line to be drawn between QWERTY and touchscreen , and you dominate in the QWERTY space .
And I wondered what you think -- I think the audience by watching , what do you think about the touchscreen form factor and how that needs to evolve and what do you think you need to do ?
< A – Mike Lazaridis > :
Well , I mean , clearly the best thing to do is to provide the choice and let the consumer and the customer to ultimately decide .
I think what we 're seeing in the market though is that , it 's not clear if one side fits all and it really is n't .
And you can see it because a lot of people are realizing the incredible value and lifestyle improvement that are well - designed QWERTY push messaging experience brings to table .
It 's really , really important .
We 're finding -- if you look at the surveys , you can see that large amount of the customers that have purchased touchscreen devices in last two years , they intend to get a device with the QWERTY keyboard on it now , right .
I mean , they 've got into a point where they 've realize that a touchscreen alone is not enough ; so that 's important .
I think with the trackpad technology is going into the BlackBerrys now , we provide a gesture and an elegance to control .
Again , that 's unmatched .
So , I think that is a third dimension , because you talk about touchscreen devices , you talk about QWERTY devices , but I would argue this is third , the whole control , command and control of things like well - designed trackpad technologies .
I think , that 's really , really important .
And I think , we continue to evolve with the research and invest in the Storm technology to make sure we get those right , we learned a lot and we continue to evolve that platform .
I think that again what 's important is we provide that choice and we do n't lose sight of the fact what 's made us famous and what 's driving our sales , which is our QWERTY keyboards and our incredible track [ indiscernible ] .
Scientists have transferred men's minds into a virtual woman 's body in an experiment that could enlighten the prejudiced and shed light on how humans distinguish themselves from others .
In a study at Barcelona University , men donned a virtual reality ( VR ) headset that allowed them to see and hear the world as a female character .
When they looked down they could even see their new body and clothes .
The " body - swapping " effect was so convincing that the men's sense of self was transferred into the virtual woman , causing them to react reflexively to events in the virtual world in which they were immersed .
Men who took part in the experiment reported feeling as though they occupied the woman 's body and even gasped and flinched when she was slapped by another character in the virtual world .
" This work opens up another avenue for virtual reality , which is not just to transform your sense of place , but also your sense of self , " said Mel Slater , a virtual reality researcher at the Catalan Institute of Research and Advanced Studies and University College London .
" There is n't any other technology that allows you to look down and see another body that is n't yours and give you the illusion that it is , " he said .
" If you can temporarily give people the illusion that their bodies are different , then the evidence suggests it also affects their behaviour and the way they think .
They can have new experiences : a person who is thin can know what it 's like to be fat .
A man can have an experience of what it 's like to be a woman . "
In the study , 24 men took turns wearing a VR headset that immersed them in a virtual room .
Some men saw the virtual environment through the eyes of a female character who was sitting down , while others had a viewpoint that was just to the side of her .
During the experiment , a second virtual female approached and appeared to rub the person 's shoulder or arm .
Researchers in the lab mimicked this sensation in the real world for some of the volunteers by rubbing their shoulder or arm , helping to reinforce their feeling of occupying the character 's body .
Later in the study , the second character lashed out and slapped the face of the character the men were playing .
" Their reaction was immediate , " said Slater .
" They would take in a quick breath and maybe move their head to one side .
Some moved their whole bodies .
The more people reported being in the girl 's body , the stronger physical reaction they had . "
Sensors on the men's bodies showed their heart rates fell sharply for a few seconds and then ramped up – a classic response to a perceived attack .
As expected , the body swapping effect was felt more keenly by men who saw their virtual world through the female character 's eyes than those whose viewpoint was slightly to one side of her .
In all cases , the feeling was temporary and lasted only as long as the study .
The study , which appears in the online science journal PLoS One , suggests that our minds have a very fluid picture of our bodies .
The research is expected to shed light on the thorny neuroscientific puzzle of how our brain tells the difference between a part of our own body , and something else in the wider world .
The work might also improve rehabilitation for patients who have experienced strokes and other medical problems by immersing them in a world that helps them to use their bodies to the full again .
A US newspaper publisher has closed down an online forum due to " blatant misuse " by people posting racist material .
Lancaster Newspapers , based in Pennsylvania , publishes the daily Intelligencer Journal and several other titles .
Chief executive Harold Miller said neither strict user guidelines nor the installation of software to screen objectionable language was able to prevent misuse .
He said : " Unfortunately , what began in 2000 as a good - faith effort by Lancaster Newspapers to increase reader interest in community news has provided a few individuals with a means to communicate hateful , abusive and unacceptable comments . "
The forum has been criticised for " demeaning and racist comments about Hispanics , blacks and other minorities . "
Source : E&P
Impassioned fights
( Image credit : Dreamstime . )
The proposed revisions of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM ) have spurred debate over what illnesses to include in the essential psychiatric handbook .
Everything from gender identity disorder to childhood mood swings has come under fire , and it's not the first time .
The history of psychiatry is littered with impassioned fights over controversial diagnoses .
Gender identity disorder
( Image credit : Dreamstime )
Perhaps the most controversial of all current DSM disorders is gender identity disorder .
Under the DSM - IV , people who feel that their physical gender does not match their true gender are diagnosed with gender identity disorder ( GID ) .
The DSM - 5 proposals would revise the criteria for the disorder and change the name to the less - stigmatizing gender incongruence .
But to many , the DSM changes do n't go far enough .
" To have gender incongruence in the DSM - 5 , as they 've defined it , still leaves it open to a child being sent to be ' fixed ' when a child does n't have any problems , " said Diane Ehrensaft , a clinical psychologist in Oakland , Calif. , who specializes in gender identity issues in children .
In fact , the largest controversy over GID is about an area the DSM does n't cover : treatment .
Should kids who feel gender mismatched be allowed to define themselves , or should they be encouraged to identify with their physical gender ?
Those who argue for the latter see their role as helping kids get comfortable in their own skin .
Those who argue for letting the child take the lead , like Ehrensaft , say that forcing a kid to live as an unwanted gender causes depression and anxiety .
Therapies like Ehrensaft 's are relatively new , so there are no long - term studies comparing the two approaches .
When it comes to examining differences in how the kids turn out , " We do n't know , " said Kenneth Zucker , a University of Toronto psychologist who advocates teaching kids to identify with their physical gender .
" We should know in another 10 years . "
Sex addiction
( Image credit : Credit : Dreamstime )
According to the Society for the Advancement of Sexual Health , sex addiction is marked by a lack of control over one 's sexual behavior .
Sex addicts pursue sex despite negative consequences , ca n't set boundaries and obsess over sex even when they do n't want to think about it .
Self - described addicts report that they get no pleasure from their sexual behaviors , only shame .
This disorder has yet to darken the pages of the DSM , and it likely wo n't be included in the DSM - 5 , either .
Instead , the APA is recommending the addition of a new sexual disorder called hypersexual disorder , which does n't describe sex as an addiction , but could fit many people who are in treatment .
Homosexuality
( Image credit : stock.xchng . )
In perhaps the most famous psychiatric controversy of all , the APA did away with homosexuality as a mental disorder in 1973 after much protest by gay and lesbian activists .
The change was n't easy , but the weight of the scientific evidence suggested that same - sex attraction was a normal variant of sexuality among well - adjusted people .
Still , the APA included a diagnosis in the 1980 DSM - III called ego - dystonic homosexuality .
This category was a compromise with psychiatrists who insisted that some gays and lesbians came to them looking for treatment .
" This revision in the nomenclature provides the possibility of finding a homosexual to be free of psychiatric disorder , and provides a means to diagnose a mental disorder whose central feature is conflict about homosexual behavior , " explained Robert Spitzer , a member of the APA 's task force , in a 1973 position statement .
But ego - dystonic homosexuality was short - lived .
The category did n't make sense to many psychiatrists , who argued that anxiety over sexual orientation could fit into already - existing categories , according to UC Davis psychologist Gregory Herek .
In 1986 , ego - dystonic homosexuality disappeared from the DSM .
Asperger 's disorder
( Image credit : Dreamstime )
In 1994 , Asperger 's disorder , which is marked by normal intelligence and language abilities but poor social skills , made the DSM - IV .
When the DSM - 5 is published in 2013 , the disorder may get the boot .
The reason ?
Research on Asperger 's and high - functioning autism has failed to find a difference between the two diagnoses .
Overlap between the two disorders is rampant ( up to 44 percent of kids diagnosed with Asperger 's or " other autism spectrum " labels actually met the criteria for high - functioning autism , according to a 2008 survey ) .
If the proposed changes are adopted , people with Asperger 's will be reclassified as having high - functioning autism .
But some Asperger 's advocates disapprove .
The high - functioning autism label does n't always fit people with Asperger 's , said Dania Jekel , the executive director of the Asperger 's Association of New England , which opposes the change .
" People with Asperger 's are going to be missed , " Jekel said .
Childhood bipolar disorder
( Image credit : Dreamstime . )
If diagnosing adults with a childhood disorder is controversial , so is diagnosing children with a disorder once thought to occur mainly in adults .
Bipolar disorder , which is characterized by mood swings between depression and excitability , recently skyrocketed as a childhood disorder .
Between 1994 and 2003 , the number of doctor visits associated with childhood bipolar disorders went up 40 - fold , according to a 2007 study in the journal Archives of General Psychiatry .
The problem , according to the APA , is that at least some of that increase is due to changes in the way psychiatrists diagnose bipolar in kids , not an actual increase in cases .
To correct the issue , the APA is considering changes to the current bipolar criteria , as well as the addition of a new disorder , temper dysregulation with dysphoria .
That disorder would apply to kids with persistent irritable moods and frequent temper tantrums , but has already drawn skepticism from some who believe it pathologizes normal kid behavior .
Adult ADHD
( Image credit : Ingrid M?/ Stock.XCHNG )
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is a well - known childhood diagnosis .
Kids with ADHD have trouble sitting still , paying attention and controlling their impulses .
Only recently , however , have psychiatrists begun to diagnose ADHD in adults .
But just as ADHD in children was criticized as over - diagnosed , so is adult ADHD .
A common accusation is that psychiatrists are conspiring with pharmaceutical companies to sell more ADHD drugs , writes New York University psychiatrist Norman Sussman in a March 2010 editorial in Psychiatry Weekly .
However , adult ADHD is here to stay , Sussma writes : " The benefits of pharmacologic and behavioral therapies are well - established . "
Dissociative identity disorder
( Image credit : stockxpert )
Once known as multiple personality disorder , dissociative identity disorder was made famous by the book " Sybil " ( Independent Pub Group , 1973 ) , which was made into a movie of the same name in 1976 .
The film and book told the story of Shirley Mason , pseudonym Sybil , who was diagnosed as having 16 separate personalities as a result of physical and sexual abuse by her mother .
The book and the movie were hits , but the diagnosis soon came under fire .
In 1995 , psychiatrist Herbert Spiegel , who consulted on Mason 's case , told the " New York Review of Books " that he believed Mason 's " personalities " were created by her therapist , who — perhaps unwittingly — suggested that Mason 's different emotional states were distinct personalities with names .
Likewise , critics of the dissociative identity diagnosis argue that the disorder is artificial , perpetuated by well - meaning therapists who convince troubled and suggestible patients that their problems are due to multiple personalities .
Nonetheless , dissociative identity disorder has weathered this criticism and wo n't undergo any major changes in the DSM - 5 .
Narcissistic personality disorder
( Image credit : Dreamstime . )
Someone with an inflated ego , need for constant praise and lack of empathy for others might sound like a shoe - in for psychotherapy .
But the introduction of narcissistic personality disorder into the DSM in 1980 was not without controversy .
The biggest problem was that no one could agree on who had the disorder .
Up to half of people diagnosed with a narcissistic personality also met the criteria for other personality disorders , like histrionic personality disorder or borderline personality disorder , according to a 2001 review in the Journal of Mental Health Counseling .
Which diagnosis they got seemed almost arbitrary .
To solve the problem , the American Psychiatric Association has proposed big changes to the personality disorder section of the DSM - 5 in 2010 .
The new edition would move away from specific personality disorders to a system of dysfunctional types and traits .
The idea , according to the APA , is to cut out the overlap and create categories that would be useful for patients who have personality problems , not just full - blown disorders .
Penis envy
Sigmund Freud revolutionized psychiatry in the late 1800s and early 1900s with his theories on the unconscious state , talk therapy and psychosexual development .
Nowadays , many of these theories — like his conclusion that young girls ' sexual development is driven by jealousy over lack of a penis and sexual desire for their father — seem outdated .
But not everyone has consigned Freud to the dust heap .
Organizations like the American Psychoanalytic Association still practice and promote Freudian - style psychoanalysis , and groups like the International Neuropsychoanalysis Society try to combine cutting - edge neuroscience research with Freud 's century - old theories .
How successful they 'll be is unknown : A 2008 study in the Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association found that today 's psychology departments rarely teach psychoanalysis .
Hysteria
( Image credit : Dreamstime )
In the Victorian era , hysteria was a catch - all diagnosis for women in distress .
The symptoms were vague ( discontentment , weakness , outbursts of emotion , nerves ) and the history sexist ( Plato blamed the wanderings of an " unfruitful " uterus ) .
The treatment for hysteria ?
" Hysterical paroxysm , " also known as orgasm .
Physicians would massage their patients ' genitals either manually or with a vibrator , a task they found tedious but surprisingly uncontroversial .
More contentious was the practice of putting " hysterical " women on bed rest or demanding that they not work or socialize , a treatment that often worsened anxiety or depression .
According to a 2002 editorial in the journal Spinal Cord , the diagnosis of hysteria gradually petered out throughout the 20th century .
By 1980 , hysteria disappeared from the DSM in favor of newer diagnoses like conversion and dissociative disorders .
To the Editor :
Re “ Why Arizona Drew a Line , ” by Kris W. Kobach ( Op - Ed , April 29 ) , defending the Arizona immigration law :
While it is true that federal law requires noncitizens to carry immigration documents , this is almost never enforced or prosecuted .
What ’s more , it ’s a far different story to permit federal officials to punish a noncitizen for failure to carry immigration documents and for state and local officials to do the same .
Immigration regulation is a federal function .
I find it disingenuous to cite a hypothetical of 12 nervous , shifty - eyed passengers crammed into a minivan being stopped by the police for speeding as being the typical case in which the Arizona police will inquire into a person ’s immigration status .
What about the case of two young males wearing sombreros speaking in Spanish in front of a convenience store , or three poorly dressed Spanish - speaking women sitting together at a cafe ?
Are we really to believe that Arizona ’s police officers are not going to make inquiries in those situations ?
This law is n’t good immigration enforcement ; it ’s an invitation to flagrant abuse of the civil rights of anyone caught in its web , including American citizens , permanent residents and applicants for asylum or another lawful status .
Kathmandu , Nepal ( CNN ) -- Geeta was 9 when she began wearing makeup , staying up until 2 a.m. and having sex with as many as 60 men a day .
" I used to be really sad and frustrated with what was happening in my life , " she said .
The daughter of Nepalese peasant farmers , Geeta -- now 26 -- had been sold to a brothel in India by a member of her extended family .
The family member had duped Geeta 's visually impaired mother into believing her daughter would get work at a clothing company in Nepal .
" The brothel where I was ... there [ were ] many customers coming in every day .
The owner used to verbally abuse us , and if we did n't comply , [ she ] would start beating us with wires , rods and hot spoons . "
It was not until Geeta was 14 that a police officer rescued her and brought her to a safe house compound run by Anuradha Koirala .
The 61 - year - old woman and her group , Maiti Nepal , have been fighting for more than 16 years to rescue and rehabilitate thousands of Nepal 's sex trafficking victims .
" Families are tricked all the time , " said Koirala .
" The trafficking of the girls is done by people who are basically known to the girls , who can lure them from the village by telling them they are getting a nice job .
It 's a lucrative business . "
By raiding brothels , patrolling the India - Nepal border and providing safe shelter and support services , Koirala and Maiti Nepal have helped rescue and rehabilitate more than 12,000 Nepali women and girls since 1993 .
Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ?
Nominations are open now
According to the U.S. State Department , some 10,000 to 15,000 women and girls from Nepal are trafficked to India and then sexually exploited each year .
Koirala 's own history in an abusive relationship led her to her crusade .
For most of her young adulthood , she taught primary school English in Nepal .
But when her relationship took a violent turn , her life 's " purpose and responsibility completely changed , " she said .
" Every day , there was battering .
And then I had three miscarriages that I think [ were ] from the beating .
It was very difficult because I did n't know in those days where to go and report [ it ] , who to ... talk to . "
After the relationship ended , Koirala used a portion of her $ 100 monthly salary to start a small retail shop to employ and support displaced victims of sex trafficking and domestic violence .
By the early 1990s , an increasing demand for help and persistent cases of violence against women compelled Koirala to do more .
Maiti Nepal was her brainchild for giving voice , legal defense and rehabilitation to victims of sex trafficking .
Roughly translated , Maiti means " Mother 's Home . "
The group has facilities throughout Nepal and India , but most of the rehabilitation work takes place at its main campus in Kathmandu , Nepal .
Koirala said girls from the brothels arrive empty - handed , sick , in many cases pregnant or with small children , and " psychologically broken . "
" When the girl first comes to Maiti Nepal , we never , never ask them a question .
We just let them [ be ] for as long as they need .
We let them play , dance , walk , talk to a friend , " Koirala said .
" They are afraid at first , but eventually they will talk to us on their own . "
The group also takes in rape and domestic violence survivors , as well as abandoned children .
" I cannot say no to anybody , " Koirala said .
" Everybody comes to Maiti Nepal . "
Accommodating its population of close to 400 women and children requires a large staff of teachers , counselors and medical personnel -- and dozens of bunk beds .
Many of the staff are sex trafficking survivors now committed to helping rehabilitate other girls .
The work is funded by grants and donations from around the world .
Post - rescue recovery is comprehensive .
Maiti Nepal provides medical treatment , psychological and legal counseling , formal court filings and criminal prosecution , all for free .
While some of the girls are able to return to their families , many of them -- particularly those with HIV / AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases -- become socially stigmatized and are no longer welcome in their home communities .
For these girls , Maiti Nepal becomes their new , and possibly last , home .
A hospice on the compound 's grounds houses terminally ill patients .
" The hardest part for me is to see a girl dying or coming back with different diseases at an [ age ] when she should be out frolicking , " Koirala said .
" That 's what fuels me to work harder . "
The group 's ultimate goal is to help girls become economically independent and reintegrated into society .
" We try to give them whatever work they want to do , whatever training they want to do , because when you 're economically empowered , people forget everything .
People even forget [ she is ]
HIV - positive or was trafficked , " Koirala said .
Koirala and at least 50 trafficking survivors also participate in what she calls social preventive work outside the campus .
Their community awareness camps educate families in rural villages and city slums about the dangers of sex trafficking , and a daily patrol at crossing points along the India - Nepal border successfully rescues an average of four Nepali girls a day .
" Our girls are border guards who have been trafficked themselves .
They easily recognize a girl that is being trafficked or will be trafficked , " Koirala said .
" The girls need no motivation from me .
They know the horrors of the brothel , and they are here to save their sisters . "
Some girls who are trafficked choose to remain prostitutes for life because their home villages will not accept them .
But Koirala says that among those rescued by Maiti Nepal , there is n't a single case when a girl has returned back to the streets .
Geeta 's recovery is one of the group 's success stories .
Today , she works at Maiti Nepal as a peer educator and also helps with the group 's awareness camps .
She credits Koirala and Maiti Nepal for the strength to keep living and the confidence to join the fight against sex trafficking .
" Anuradha is a hero .
...
She 's courageous , " Geeta said .
" She gave me my faith back .
...
If Maiti Nepal was n't there for me , I would be dead by now . "
Want to get involved ?
Check out the Maiti Nepal website and see how to help .
CNN 's Gena Somra and Farhad Shadravan contributed to this report .
Hollywood actor Mike Myers is reportedly working on a new Austin Powers movie , The Daily Telegraph reported Tuesday .
Director Jay Roach confirmed to MTV that star Myers was developing a fourth installment of the spy spoof franchise .
“ ( Mike is ) working on ideas for it , people are definitely talking about it and I ’m all good for it , ” he said .
Roach directed the first three Austin Powers movies – International Man of Mystery ( 1997 ) , The Spy Who Shagged Me ( 1999 ) and Goldmember ( 2002 ) .
The filmmaker added that Myers ’ comical spy character would go “ somewhere you have n’t thought of ” in the next movie .
Read more from The Daily Telegraph .
Cool New django - taggit API
A little while ago I wrote about some of the issues with the reusable application paradigm in Django .
Yesterday Carl Meyer pinged me about an issue in django - taggit , it uses an IntegerField for the GenericForeignKey , which is great .
Except for when you have a model with a CharField , TextField , or anything else for a primary key .
The easy solution is to change the GenericForeignKey to be something else .
But that ’s lame , a pain in the ass , and a hack ( more of a hack than a GenericForeign Key in the first place ) .
The alternate solution we came up with :
from django.db import models from taggit .
managers import TaggableManager from taggit. models import TaggedItemBase class TaggedFood ( TaggedItemBase ) : content_object = models .
ForeignKey ( ' Food ' ) class Food ( models .
Model ) : # ... fields here tags = TaggableManager ( through = TaggedFood )
Custom through models for the taggable relationship !
This let ’s the included GenericForeignKey implementation cater to the common case of integer primary keys , and lets other people provide their own implementations when necessary .
Plus it means doing things like , adding a ForeignKey to auth .
User or adding the “ originally ” typed version of the tag ( for systems where tags are normalized ) .
In addition I ’ve finally added some docs , they are n’t really complete , but they ’re a start .
I ’m planning a release for sometime next week , unless some major issue pops up .
Nine people have been indicted in federal court on charges they accessed President Obama 's student loan records while they were employed for a Department of Education contractor in Iowa .
The U.S. attorney 's office says a grand jury returned the indictments Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Davenport .
The nine individuals are charged with exceeding authorized computer access .
They are accused of gaining access to a computer at a Coralville , Iowa , office where they worked between July 2007 and March 2009 , and accessing Obama 's student loan records while he was either a candidate for president , president - elect or president .
Arraignments are scheduled for May 24 .
The charge is punishable by up to one year in prison and a fine of up to $ 100,000 .
Zeynab Jalalian and Hossein Khezri are awaiting execution in Iran .
Their crime ?
" Enmity against God . "
They are both members of the minority Party for Free Life of Kurdistan , and the Iranian government is using this catch - all phrase to persecute political dissenters under the guise of a religious charge .
These prisoners , and the Iranian people , deserve a fair government , fair trials , and the right to express basic human rights without punishment .
Their sentencing is unjust , their treatment while imprisoned atrocious : Jalalian was told " shut up " when she asked to say goodbye to her mother .
She was granted access to a lawyer -- but only for a few minutes .
The EU " is profoundly concerned by the repeated sentencing to death in Iran of people belonging to minorities , as well as of those who were involved in the post- election protests . "
Five people were hanged for similar " offenses " on May 9 .
Stop the Iranian government 's execution spree .
Encourage Ayatollah Sayed ' Ali Khamenei , the Leader of the Islamic Republic , not to execute Jalalian and Khezri , and to retry them with a fair trial according to international law .
Image caption BP plans to use underwater robots to cut a damaged pipe and lower a cap
BP hopes to contain the spill from its leaking well in the Gulf of Mexico within 24 hours , its chief operating officer , Doug Suttles , has said .
An operation using undersea robots to cut off the fractured pipe and seal it with a cap was launched on Tuesday .
It comes as US Attorney General Eric Holder announced that officials had begun criminal and civil investigations into America 's worst oil spill .
Mr Holder would not say which companies or individuals were being targeted .
Reuters news agency quotes BP as saying it would " co-operate with any inquiry that the Department of Justice undertakes " .
BP 's shares fell sharply on Tuesday after the failure of its previous efforts to " top kill " the leak by pumping mud into the well .
At one stage the share price hit its lowest level for 15 months , as stock markets digested the news that the US was " prepared for the worst scenario " that the leak might not be stopped before August .
' Forceful response '
In the latest attempt to fit a containment cap , remote - controlled robots on the seabed are cutting the damaged well riser in order to cap it and pipe the leaking oil to the surface .
PAST ATTEMPTS TO STEM OIL SPILL Image caption BP has spent almost $ 1bn trying to contain the disaster .
Oil booms - partly successful
Controlled burning - causes serious air pollution
Dispersant used - scientists warn it may kill marine life
Huge dome placed over leak - became blocked by ice crystals
Mile - long tube - fails to suck up large amount of oil
" Top - kill " method to pump in heavy mud - abandoned US fishing villages ' on the edge '
Mr Suttles said : " If everything goes well , within the next 24 hours we could have this contained . "
But , striking a note of caution , he stressed that success was not guaranteed and urged people to " remember this is being done in 5,000 feet of water , and very small issues take a long time to fix " .
BP says the procedure will take all week and it does not expect that cutting the riser will allow significantly more oil to escape .
But government scientists suggest the procedure could release up to 20 % more oil initially and the White House says it does not believe BP has been forthcoming about the risks , the BBC's Richard Lister reports from Washington .
On Tuesday , President Barack Obama described the leak as " the greatest environmental disaster of its kind in our history " and pledged to bring those responsible to justice .
Announcing the criminal probe , Attorney General Eric Holder said : " We will closely examine the actions of those involved in the spill .
If we find evidence of illegal behavior , we will be extremely forceful in our response . "
Mr Holder , who was on his first visit to the affected region , said the companies involved had already been ordered to preserve their records .
Meanwhile , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) warned that winds forecast later this week could move the spill towards the Mississippi and Alabama coasts , which have been less badly affected than Louisiana 's shores .
Image caption
At least 20 million gallons of oil have spilled into the Gulf so far
Tuesday also marked the start of the hurricane season , with NOAA predicting up to 14 hurricanes , of which between three to seven will be " major " tempests , packing winds in excess of 110 mph .
At least 20 million gallons ( 76 million litres ) have now spilled into the Gulf , affecting more than 70 miles ( 110 km ) of Louisiana 's coastline .
Eleven rig workers died when the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and sank six weeks ago .
Responding to calls for the US military to take the lead instead of BP , Adm Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told US media on Monday that the military was not as well equipped as the oil industry to deal with the spill .
The Obama administration has come under increasing pressure to find a way to mitigate the environmental and economic impact on the Gulf area .
On what would normally be a busy holiday weekend , fishing boats sat idle in marinas along the Louisiana coast , as many fishing areas remain closed as a health precaution .
BP has spent more than $ 940 m ( £ 645 m ) so far in trying to contain the disaster .
With the threat of resource scarcity looming many people are talking about the prospects for resource wars in the future .
George W. Bush ’s invasion of Iraq raised speculation that the U.S. was seeking military domination over Middle Eastern oil .
The Arab Israeli wars have often had water rights as one of their causes .
The 1967 war had its roots in Lebanese efforts to divert water from a tributary of the Jordan , and the 2006 Lebanon war followed an Israeli warning that Lebanese water works on the Litani would be considered a Causa Belli .
However resource wars are not the only form of violence that face an overpopulated world that has outrun its resources .
Complete social breakdown is another possibility .
Jared Diamond ’s book , “ Collapse ” presents numerous examples of cultures that overexploited their environment and faced horrendous consequences as a result .
From the Easter Islanders to the Mayans , to the Anasazi Indians , ancient cultures have grown beyond the ability of their environment to support them and seen their civilizations crash as a result .
One of the most disturbing examples that Diamond uses is the genocide in Rwanda in 1994 .
Typically portrayed as an ethnic conflict , the Rwanda killings display a good deal of evidence that population pressures were also a factor .
Rwanda and Burundi were two of the most densely populated countries in Africa , and the population will heavily rural , relying on agricultural production for subsistence .
The typical farm had shrunk to less than an acre per family — not enough to feed everyone , so that farmers needed to earn outside income to supplement their income .
When the coffee market collapsed in the 1990s , it further aggravated economic conditions .
Although the killing began after a radical Hutu government seized control and implemented plans to kill moderate Hutus and Tutsis .
The government took to the radio urging Hutus to kill all Tutsis .
Estimates of the dead that resulted range as high as a million people .
Once the killing began , it expanded beyond simple ethnic killing , as in the most crowded province of Kanama where most people were impoverished , hungry and desperate .
Although there was only one known Tutsi living in Kanama , an estimated five percent of the population was killed .
A disproportionate number of the victims were older , larger land owners , or younger , impoverished men and children .
The descent into violence provided an opportunity to settle old scores , to gain property , and to relieve the most extreme land pressures .
Rwanda is an extreme example of population pressure exploding into violence , but history records that population pressures have been a factor in many of the major revolutions and state collapses of the early modern era .
“ Revolution and Rebellion in the Early Modern World ” by Jack Goldstone argues that population pressures are a major factor behind revolution and state collapses .
Goldstone studies the English Revolution of 1640 and the French Revolution of 1789 , as well as revolts in the Ottoman Empire and China during the same time periods .
Population increases preceded both the English Revolution of 1640 and the French Revolution of 1789 .
England after 1640 experienced stable or declining populations while France after 1789 much slower growth .
Population in both the Ottoman Empire and China did not recover from the wars and plagues of the fourteenth century until the early sixteenth century , but in the next hundred years , population grew rapidly .
Population pressures contributed to state financial stresses brought on by a growing imbalance between revenues and the increasing obligations of a growing population .
An increase in the upper classes resulted in severe divisions , including both alienation from the state and intra-elite conflicts , brought on by increasing insecurity and competition for elite positions .
Among the general public , population pressures resulted in rising grievances such as high rents and food prices and low wages .
At the same time population growth increased the proportion of youth who were most likely to act on revolutionary rhetoric .
The result was a wave of revolutions in the mid seventeenth century , followed by a century of relative stability , then a second wave of revolution in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century .
Stability returned in no small part because the coal powered industrial revolution allowed the incorporation of major new food producing regions into a world market so that a larger population could be supported .
The twentieth century brought the oil economy which fueled the “ green revolution ” in farming and further brought the world ’s markets together .
Now , however , we face a looming peak in oil production which will end the era of cheap energy and dramatically change our economy .
As the world increasingly feels the pressures of resource scarcity , we face the prospect of violence on an unprecedented scale .
The conditions that Goldstone outlined in the early modern era will emerge once again .
A foreshadowing of this came in 2008 when food price spikes resulted in food riots in thirty - seven countries , while hundreds of millions of people slipped into poverty .
New prosperity in Asia means more competition among world elites , similar to the early modern period , while youthful populations throughout much of Asia and Africa and the growing number of failed states similarly echo past patterns .
Goldstone ’s framework for understanding the waves of revolution and rebellion of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries offer an ominous warning for what we face in our own future .
Up to this point , it seems as though most Americans have not really been too concerned about the financial meltdown that is taking place in Greece .
But they should be .
The truth is that the debt crisis we see playing out in Greece may soon repeat itself in some of the largest nations in the world such as Japan , the U.K. and even the United States .
Once upon a time , this kind of thing only happened in third world nations , but now virtually every nation on earth has a debt problem .
As the saying goes , the borrower is the servant of the lender , and so when a country like Greece gets in way , way too deep financially , it ends up having to give up a portion of its sovereignty to those controlling the purse strings .
In the case of Greece , those controlling the purse strings are the IMF and the EU .
But it just is n’t Greece that is in trouble .
Dozens of nations are in serious financial trouble and are at the mercy of those who can bail them out .
The truth is that global financial institutions like the IMF , the World Bank , the European Central Bank and the Federal Reserve are increasingly gaining power all over the globe as governments around the world continue to accumulate frightening amounts of debt .
This has been quite a week for Greece and for the other nations in Europe teetering on the edge of financial disaster .
Standard & Poor ’s reduced Greek debt to “ junk ” status , and Spain and Portugal ’s debts were also downgraded substantially .
These unprecedented steps by Standard & Poor ’s have many concerned that this financial “ contagion ” could start spreading across all of Europe .
We ’ll take a look at the “ austerity measures ” being forced on Greece in a moment , but first it is important to note that financial panic is already spreading to other nations in the region .
In Portugal , the government has announced that additional “ austerity measures ” , beyond those in the current three year plan , are expected to be implemented .
Perhaps they would n’t need to take such drastic steps if they had n’t spent all of those millions constructing those shiny new soccer stadiums a few years ago .
But in any event , many analysts are now forecasting that Portugal will be the next domino to fall .
Officials in Spain are expected to announce this week that unemployment has hit 20 % .
But of course any nation that implements a hardcore “ cap and trade ” law like the one in Spain should expect unemployment to soar into the stratosphere .
So they are just reaping what they have sown , but the fallout could end up being very painful .
Spain ’s economy is approximately five times larger than Greece ’s so if Spain ends up defaulting it will create a financial nightmare for all of Europe .
There are now rumors that even Italy and Ireland are in a massive amount of trouble financially .
So will the EU and the IMF end up having to bail all of them out ?
Well , for now Greece is first in line .
European officials said on Friday that the Greek government , facing a rapidly deteriorating financial situation , is close to completing negotiations for assistance from the International Monetary Fund .
So Greece is going to get the money that it needs – but it comes with strings .
Greece must surrender some of its fiscal sovereignty and adopt a three year program of severe spending cuts and higher taxes .
In fact , one major Greek newspaper says that wage and job cuts for public workers will also be ordered alongside the spending cuts and tax increases to get through what they are calling “ three hard years ” .
You see , the truth is that Greece is a highly socialized nation .
In a population of just over 11 million people , Greece employs more than a million in the public sector .
Just think about that for a moment .
That is huge .
They get paid extremely well , and Greek civil servants also enjoy very generous pension benefits and early retirement .
Needless to say a lot of these Greek civil servants are not happy at all about the changes the IMF is forcing upon them , and they have called a general strike for May 5th .
For his part , the Greek Prime Minister , George Papandreou , is trying to convince the Greek people that these new spending cuts and tax increases are necessary to keep his nation afloat .
According to The Associated Press , Mr. Papandreou recently told the Greek Parliament the following ….
“ The measures we must take , which are economic measures , are necessary for the protection of our country — for our survival , for our future , so we can stand firmly on our feet . ”
There are even fears that this sovereign debt crisis could spell the end for the Euro .
Back on Wednesday , the leaders of the 16 countries currently using the Euro called an emergency meeting to attempt to avert a Euro meltdown triggered by Greece ’s financial collapse .
Of course the Euro is not actually going to collapse , but the fact that they all felt the need to get together and talk about this situation is quite telling .
In fact , the language used by some of the top financial authorities in the world when speaking about the Greek debt crisis is quite alarming ….
Angel Gurría , head of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development :
“ This is like Ebola .
It ’s threatening the stability of the financial system . ”
Colin Ellis , economist at Daiwa Capital Markets :
“ The time for horse - trading , prevarication and posturing is over .
Arguably , the very future of the euro area is now teetering on a knife edge . ”
Dominique Strauss - Kahn , head of the International Monetary Fund :
“ If we do n’t fix it in Greece , it may have a lot of consequences on the EU . ”
But for the people of Greece , getting help with their debt means giving up their ability to determine their own affairs .
They have gotten into so much debt that now they are forced to do whatever the IMF and the EU tell them to do .
Of course there are many in Greece who are extremely upset by this as evidenced by the recent riots there ….
But this is what happens when a nation allows itself to get into way too much debt .
In fact , this has been done by design in third world nations for decades .
In his extraordinary book , Confessions of an Economic Hitman , John Perkins explained how it was his job to go around the world and get third world governments to accept multibillion - dollar loans that he knew they would never be able to repay .
Of course when the time came and they could not repay the loans , the big global institutions would go in and confiscate natural resources and impose “ conditions ” and implement “ austerity measures ” similar to the ones they are currently imposing on Greece .
The alarming thing today is that it just is n’t third world nations where this game is being played anymore .
Now that they have perfected the blueprint , they are trying it out on nations like Greece .
The reality is that this is all part of the push towards globalization .
In fact , Jean - Claude Trichet , the president of the European Central Bank , emphasized the need for global coordination in financial matters during his April 26th address at the Council on Foreign Relations .
“ Global coordination ” sounds nice , but just like “ global governance ” and “ global cooperation ” , it is just another way of saying that we need to transfer more power and more authority to globalist institutions .
You see , whatever problem that pops up ( in this instance it is the Greek debt crisis ) , the solution always seems to be to transfer more power to global institutions .
In fact , as a “ solution ” to the global financial crisis , the IMF is proposing two new taxes on financial institutions worldwide : a “ financial stability contribution ” which levies a small charge on financial institution balance sheets , and a “ financial activities tax ” , which would tax “ excess profits ” and bonuses .
As the nations of the world continue to get deeper in debt , and as more power and more money is transferred to unelected global institutions , the people of the world may find their lives increasingly being run by heartless bureaucrats on the other side of the globe .
For anyone who loves freedom , that is a very sobering thought .
Dear Deficit Commission , It 's Not Hard
Dear Deficit Commission ,
It 's not hard to figure out why we have a huge deficit .
It 's so easy I do n't have to use words .
Here are some pictures :
Bill Clinton raised taxes on the rich .
Bush cut them .
The second chart kind of explains itself .
The third chart can help you find a place to get some money .
( Note : There is no more Soviet Union . )
In case that is n't clear enough , try this :
" Amphibian Avenger " writes :
" I filmed this at the Aviaros del Caribe sloth sanctuary in Costa Rica : the world 's only sloth orphanage .
Baby two - and three - toed sloths , whose mother 's have either been run over or zapped by power lines are brought to the sanctuary and looked after by Judy Arroyo . "
For more sloth photos and videos , visit her blog , or follow her on twitter .
For more on the sanctuary go to slothrescue.org .
( This is a guest post from the author 's blog . )
Yesterday , China announced that its economy ’s GDP grew at an annual rate of 11.9 % in the first quarter ( January - March ) of 2010 .
It ’s a number that ’s sure turn envious heads in the West , and cause people to wonder whether there are any heights that the Chinese economy wo n’t reach .
Soon after the GDP figures were released , I was interviewed on CCTV - 9’s nationwide news program , to offer some perspective .
You can watch the interview here ( the link is to the entire 1 - hour news show , my portion begins at the 39 - minute mark ) .
The question , I cautioned , is n’t whether China can produce spectacular GDP growth figures , even in the face of a global slowdown – it already proved that last year .
The question is how sustainable that growth will be .
And in this respect , there are two main concerns .
The first is that a large chunk of China ’s GDP is coming from investment in fixed assets such as factories , real estate projects , and infrastructure ( in 2009 , fixed asset investment accounted for 90 % of China ’s net GDP growth ) .
GDP only measures how much is being invested , but not the return on those investments , i.e. , whether they are good or bad .
Given how much has been invested so quickly , there ’s a lot of concern that many of these investments will prove to be poor ones , the cost of which could come back to haunt China ’s economy .
This is similar to a point I made in post last year on China ’s ” quality of GDP ” .
The second concern is inflation .
To the extent that China ’s fast - paced growth is being fueled by easy credit and money creation ( China ’s money supply expanded by 1/3 in 2009 , and is up 22 % over 1Q last year ) , it could be inflationary .
Consumer inflation is running at 2.4 % .
That already exceeds the regulated deposit rate of 2 % , which means that Chinese savers are effectively losing money by keeping it in the bank .
But a lot of economists are wondering why the inflation rate is n’t even higher .
I think there is very high inflation out there , in the form of asset inflation in real estate and the stock market , where a lot of that cheap credit has been channeled — it just has n’t worked its way through the rest of the economy yet .
( The fact that China ’s central bank has to constantly strive to counteract the inflationary effect of the new RMB it is forced to issue to maintain the US dollar peg is n’t helping , either ) .
These two worries — bad investments and inflation — mean that China ’s sky - high GDP growth is not necessarily as good news as it might seem .
The headline number may be impressive , but it could come with a steep price tag .
On a separate but related note , AFP ran a story yesterday on how a stronger RMB might impact China ’s exporters .
Near the end , it quoted me and an RBS economist both noting that while a weak RMB may be good for exporters , it might not be so good for China ’s economy as a whole :
Economists say a strong yuan is essential if China wants to achieve its goal of reducing its heavy reliance on exports and boosting private consumption as a driver of the world ’s third - largest economy .
“ Exporters will suffer from a stronger currency , ” said Ben Simpfendorfer , an economist at Royal Bank of Scotland in Hong Kong .
“ But currency appreciation will also force the pace of structural adjustment in the low value - added export sector , which is a necessary part of domestic rebalancing . ”
The exchange rate policy has propped up poor performing exporters at the expense of the broader economy , said Patrick Chovanec , an economics professor at Tsinghua University in Beijing .
“ It ’s important to ask why exporters are currently doing well or remaining in business .
Many of them can only do so because they ’re able to exchange the dollars they earn for yuan at the peg , ” Chovanec told AFP .
“ That ’s great for exporters but the central bank has to buy all those dollars at the peg , invest them , and neutralize the inflationary effect .
That ’s a significant burden . ”
I ’ve mentioned several times on this blog that while I do not believe strengthening the RMB is a “ silver bullet ” for resolving the trade imbalance between China and the US , I do think it ’s in China ’s long - term interests to move towards a more flexible exchange rate , and that a stronger RMB — if it is part of a comprehensive economic strategy — could bring substantial benefits as well as short - term pain to China .
On the question of whether China ’s March trade deficit signifies a trend toward real economic restructuring and more balanced trade or merely a “ blip on the radar screen ” — a subject I raised in my last post – I highly recommend checking out Rachel Ziemba ’s latest post at Nouriel Roubini ’s website .
She ’s asking many of the same questions I am .
Featured , Funny , Browse >
Home Lifestyle / Children 's Drawing Brought to Life
Children ’s Drawing Brought to Life
This is exactly what happens when you let children use oil crayons or pencils to express their imagination through drawing sketches .
You get silliest , wackiest , the most unbelievable scenes that look like the are out of this world .
But , what would happen if you tried to bring these absurd children ’s drawing into life by reconstructing them .
Firstly , you would need to put a lot of effort into bringing such scenes into our realm .
But the important thing is that the results would be highly entertaining to all .
The following photo gallery of 16 funniest and most humorous images proves my point .
This is how children ’s drawings brought to life look like .
Cool is n’t it ?
Chow Mein Dishes
Stir with chilli sauce if required
All large portions
Make your meal extra hot for 10
p
We have our own homemade special spicy aromatic ingredient .
If you wish to add this , it will be 30 p extra
When the rumors about the 24p update for the Canon 5D were swirling , I was perfectly happy with my cocktail that I had perfected on the Navy SEAL film ; 30 p and then Twixtor to frame blend .
Then , commercial production companies and the ad agencies started to inquire about needing 24 p because they could not deal with the rendering time of all the Twixtor files , the 7D started to rise as the premium capture .
That is when the aha moment happened for me .
I wondered , why is everyone asking for second best when the Canon 5D is king ?
At that point , I knew I had to be a proponent of the 24 p upgrade and to shoot something with it that would bring people back into focus about the camera that started it all .
So Lydia Hurlbut negotiated with Canon to sponsor a visual short produced by Hurlbut Visuals and Bandito Brothers Productions that showcased the 24 p firmware update in the 5D to remind everyone of the power of this amazing tool .
A tool that can inspire out of the box thinking .
I wanted to feature the Canon glass to show what I had learned over the last 13 months shooting one feature , 12 commercials , and 20 short films with this platform .
Director : Po Chan
“ The day when Shane asked me to come up with “ The Last 3 Minutes ” treatment I was so excited .
I knew that I did not have to limit my vision and could go wild because of what this camera can do .
I wanted to write a story which would enable us to showcase different kinds of lighting scenarios and extreme camera angles that will touch audiences hearts .
Visuals without a story have no meaning .
My own little philosophy about life is that life is like a BIG CIRCLE .
We are all born INNOCENT .
No matter how many wrong doings or right things we have done , at the last minutes before death we will again become innocent .
This is the big circle of life and it is the inspiration behind “ The Last 3 Minutes . ”
The main element in this film is the CRYSTAL that William carries with him , which represents the theme of INNOCENCE and William ’s own conscience .
A crystal refracts light , so when William looks inside it each refraction becomes a different memory in the course of his life .
It is analogous to peeling back layers of an onion with the center layer being just at the moments before death .
All of the elements in this film : casting , music , wardrobe style and color , make up ( the lipstick color on the actress ) , hairstyle and color , set dress pieces and the texture of those pieces to the look of the crystal .
Everything was carefully planned and considered to make sure every element worked in concert with the story , together in harmony . ”
For further questions about the concept please email Po at pchan731@yahoo.com .
Canon 5D First Person Perspective
Cinematographer and Executive Producer : Shane Hurlbut , ASC
“ I asked Po to write this short and she delivered a phenomenally creative concept within a day .
Po not only wrote a heartfelt story but a piece that took advantage of every unique possibility with the Canon 5D technology , especially because of her ideas with using a first person experience .
A huge thank - you to Po for her tireless vision and leadership .
When Po and I discussed her creative concept , I believed that the Canon L series glass would be the perfect lens choice because of the close - focus ability and creamy quality .
The Canon glass shined on this project and I was so impressed with the 35 , 50 , 85 , 100 mm Macro L Series lenses .
Their contrast range and color knocked me out .
The main character in the short is William Turner , a janitor who ’s life seems mundane and uninteresting on the surface but as it unfolds there are many layers .
We shot his boring existence in the present day at 24 p utilizing the new firmware .
The story then goes on a journey of William ’s life over a time period of 67 years which we shot 30 p and pulled it in at 24 fps so that it would have a slightly dreamy feel .
The creamy Canon glass delivered the period look that we were going for as we went back in time beginning in the 1980 ’s and moving backward to end in the 1940’s .
On the tech front , Doggicam came forth with an amazing new 5D helmet cam that put the 5D very close to the right eye and moved gracefully down the 3rd base line as well as crawling through the high grass in the Vietnam sequence .
It uses Doggicam ’s patented 5/8 ” rod technology to put the camera wherever you would like .
It is extremely lightweight and stable .
HV Elite Team member Bodie Orman wearing the Doggiecam Helmet
Our shoot encompassed 17 different location over 4 1/2 days .
The project was a labor of love from the Hurlbut Visuals Elite Team Members and all the production staff from Bandito Brothers .
This would never have been possible without their time , expertise , willingness to donate gear and take on whatever roles the project demanded .
Jacob Rosenberg and his post production Elite Team from Bandito Brothers knocked it out of the park !!
For specific post questions , please email Jacob at jacob@banditobrothers.com .
A big thank you to Andrew Huebscher ( andrew.huebscher@gmail.com ) for his amazing color correction and Brett Novak for his beautiful crystal transitions .
The biggest thank you goes to my wife and collaborator .
She was the glue that held this little short together with countless hours on the phone connecting people , arranging the deal , coordinating the finances , working with the parents to schedule all of the children and watching over the kids on the set which was a daunting task . ”
Director Po Chan and Shane with HV Elite Team Members in action Carmela McCoy ( Costume designer and Makeup ) on right and Hether Breckrest ( Makeup ) on left HV Elite Team Member Rudy Harbon and Shane viewing a shot
Producer : Greg Haggart
“ My team and I knew that we had the task of making this project go off without a hitch .
Our job is to anticipate potential problems so we can avoid them to stay on time and within the budget .
I location scouted with Po and asked many favors from equipment vendors and the special effects team members from “ Act of Valor . ”
I believe that the Canon 5D encourages the essence of what film making is all about .
Everyone giving it their all ; whatever needs to be done for the love of the project with the end result of putting the highest quality image possible up on the screen . ”
For further questions about production , please email Greg at greghaggart@mac.com
Vietnam scene with HV Elite Team Members Darin Necessary and Bodie Orman
Editor : Vashi Nedomansky
“ Po asked me cut “ The Last 3 Minutes ” and then brought me super - detailed storyboards and the script that proceeded to act out every shot , angle and transition .
What I realized right away was this was to be no ordinary short film .
Once I received the footage , I had confirmation .
As an editor , I have seen the best and worst shot footage from every camera .
What Shane can do with the 5D mkii will make your jaw drop .
The images are so organic and pleasing that we spent most of the time looking at the reference monitors in disbelief .
The edit was a smooth one and with so many choices for each scene , I let the visuals do all the work .
I did hide a couple zero-cuts in the edit to blend two takes together but otherwise I tried to stay out of the story ’s way .
It ’s amazing how a cinematic image can instill more emotion into a scene .
That , along with the shallow depth of field , really gives you more tools to tell your stories in the most visually interesting way . ”
For further questions about editing , please email Vashi at vashikoo@yahoo.com .
Behind the Scenes of “ The Last 3 Minutes ”
Stay tuned for a sizzle reel of the Behind The Scenes video of “ The Last 3 Minutes ” directed and edited by Elite Team Member Tim Holtermann .
In the Behind The Scenes footage , we break down how different scenes were done and discuss how a particular scene was blocked , different camera angle choices and unique lighting set ups .
It will be released on the Canon ’s Digital Learning Center usa.canon.com/dlc/controller?act=GetArticleAct&articleID=3409 as well as the Hurlbut Visuals website and the HurlBlog .
South Korea has suspended trade with the North and demanded an apology , after a report blamed Pyongyang for sinking a Southern warship .
President Lee Myung - bak said those who carried out the attack , which killed 46 sailors , must be punished .
North Korea 's main newspaper called the investigation an " intolerable , grave provocation " .
The White House endorsed the South 's move , and pledged its co-operation " to deter future aggression " .
Meanwhile , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has urged China to co-operate with the US on North Korea .
Mrs Clinton told a US - China summit in Beijing that Pyongyang must be held to account for the attack on the Cheonan .
" We ask North Korea to stop its provocative behaviour ... and comply with international law , " she added .
China is North Korea 's closest trading partner and has in the past been reluctant to take tough measures against the communist state .
The North depends on South Korea and China for up to 80 % of its external trade and 35 % of its GDP .
In 2009 , inter -Korean trade stood at $ 1.68 bn ( £ 1.11 bn ) - 13 % of the North 's GDP .
Analysis
The measures South Korea has taken draw a line , once and for all , under the more optimistic era of growing trade and engagement between the two Koreas .
In his live television address , President Lee Myung - bak warned of a danger of complacency .
In addition , South Korea says it will resume " psychological operations " against the North , a reference to the radio and loudspeaker broadcasts that were suspended in 2004 , and meet any further attack with an immediate military response .
It may also try to use the referral to the UN Security Council to push for a toughening of sanctions , a move that would infuriate the North .
In a strongly worded televised address , Mr Lee said that the South was forgetting that it shared a border " with one of the most war - mongering nations on Earth " .
" From now on , the Republic of Korea will not tolerate any provocative act by the North and will maintain a principle of proactive deterrence , " the president said .
" If our territorial waters , airspace or territory are militarily violated , we will immediately exercise our right of self - defence .
" Under these circumstances , any inter-Korean trade or other co-operative activity is meaningless , " Mr Lee said , adding that North Korean ships would no longer be allowed to use South Korean water .
And he added : " I solemnly urge North Korean authorities to do the following : Apologise immediately to the Republic of Korea and the international community .
Immediately punish those who are responsible for and those who are involved in the incident . "
Mr Lee added that South Korea would refer the North to the UN Security Council in response to the sinking of the Cheonan .
KOREAN TRADE FIGURES
The North depends on South Korea and China for up to 80 % of its external trade and 35 % of its GDP
In 2009 , inter -Korean trade stood at $ 1.68 bn - 13 % of the North's GDP
South Korea imports clothes and watches from the joint Kaesong industrial complex ; the North imports textiles and electronics
But South Korean Unification Minister Hyun
In - taek said Seoul would still maintain the joint economic project in Kaesong , even though it would " respond with resolute measures " to possible attempts by the North to undermine the safety of its workers .
The BBC's John Sudworth in Seoul says the measures are probably about as tough a response as the South could take , short of military action .
In his statement of support , US President Barack Obama said : " We endorse President Lee 's demand that North Korea immediately apologise and punish those responsible for the attack , and , most importantly , stop its belligerent and threatening behaviour .
" US support for South Korea 's defence is unequivocal , and the president has directed his military commanders to co-ordinate closely with their Republic of Korea counterparts to ensure readiness and to deter future aggression , " the statement , released by White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said .
South Korea 's regional ally , Japan , also said it was considering possible sanctions against North Korea .
ATTACKS BLAMED ON NORTH Jan 1967 - South Korean warship attacked near border , 39 sailors killed
Jan 1968 - presidential palace in Seoul stormed , 71 killed
Oct 1983 - Rangoon hotel used by South Korean president bombed , 21 killed
Nov 1987 - South Korean airliner bombed , 115 killed
Mar 2010 - Cheonan warship attacked , 46 sailors killed How the ship was sunk Timeline : North Korean attacks Q&A : Cheonan sinking
The measures came less than a week after experts from the US , the UK , Australia and Sweden said in a report that a torpedo had hit the ship .
They reported that parts of the torpedo retrieved from the sea floor had lettering that matched a North Korean design .
North Korea denies any involvement in the sinking , calling the investigation results a " fabrication " and threatening war if sanctions are imposed .
The South 's new measures included resuming psychological warfare against North Korea , which was stopped in 2004 , which prompted an angry response from Pyongyang .
" If [ South Korea ] sets up new tools for psychological warfare such as loudspeakers and leaves slogans for psychological warfare intact , ignoring our demands , we will directly aim and open fire to destroy them , " a statement by the military said on Monday .
" More powerful physical strikes will be taken to eradicate the root of provocation if [ South Korea ] challenges to our fair response , " said a commander , according to official news agency KCNA .
It has become the ultimate put - down .
But perhaps the time has come to retire it
When Business Week reports that an iPhone app has been developed to celebrate the internet cult Epic Fail , you know – to use another meme that has penetrated popular culture – it has reached tipping point .
In truth , this probably means the putdown phrase has now – ahem – jumped the shark , but it is unlikely to put off the thousands of visitors to Epicfail.com .
To the uninitiated , it is probably best described as You 've Been Framed In Extremis .
Visitors are invited to send in video clips and photographs of things that are judged to be an " epic fail " .
Thus , given the mores of our age , the website is a celebration of spectacular , painful , cruel , embarrassing failure .
" Epic fails " featured in recent days include a seemingly genuine photograph entitled " Epic parking fail " in which a hearse is seen being towed away outside a church just as the pallbearers and coffin are leaving the funeral .
Others include ever - popular footage of skateboarders and BMXers colliding with metal railings .
The phrase " epic fail " has been slowly entering common parlance over the past few years , with the " fail " suffix now being used conversationally by the likes of Jonathan Ross .
There was even an episode of House , the US medical drama starring Hugh Laurie , called Epic Fail .
But its origin is thought to date back to the late 1990s when a Japanese computer game called Blazing Star became a cult hit thanks in part to its mangled English : " You fail it !
Your skill is not enough , see you next time , bye - bye ! "
Gamers have used the expression " You fail ! " to mock opponents ever since and over time it has morphed into " Epic fail " , especially when used as the subject header for forwarded emails containing videos and pictures of notable fails .
Epicfail.com was set up early last year by a student living in New Jersey and it now acts as a clearing house for thousands of " epic fails " .
The sign that the phrase has truly entered the mainstream could come during the coming weeks should one of the parties apply it to a rival 's policy .
Well , they have got to reach out to the youth vote somehow .
Most whale experts have said the tragic death of Sea World trainer Dawn Brancheau was the result of a killer whale kept too long in captivity that had killed before and should not have been allowed to continue performing shows in the first place .
The American Family Association , an influential Christian group , has a somewhat different explanation .
In a post to the group ’s Web site last week , one of the group ’s spokesman explained the incident as a failure of Americans to follow Biblical teaching .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Chalk another death up to animal rights insanity and to the ongoing failure of the West to take counsel on practical matters from the Scripture , ” wrote Bryan Fischer , the group ’s official blogger .
Fischer quoted two passages from Exodus .
The first , Exodus 21:28 , states : “ When an ox gores a man or woman to death , the ox shall be stoned , and its flesh shall not be eaten , but the owner shall not be liable . ”
By the reasoning of Fischer , America should be governed by Biblical law .
If it were , then Tilikum , the killer whale responsible for Brancheau ’s death , should have been stoned to death after the first time he killed someone .
Fischer is pretty clear on that part , but what about Tilikum ’s owners ?
“ So , your animal kills somebody , your moral responsibility is to put that animal to death .
You have no moral culpability in the death , because you did n’t know the animal was going to go postal on somebody .
But , the Scripture soberly warns , if one of your animals kills a second time because you did n’t kill it after it claimed its first human victim , this time you die right along with your animal .
To use the example from Exodus , if your ox kills a second time , “ the ox shall be stoned , and its owner also shall be put to death . ” ( Exodus 21:29 )
ADVERTISEMENT
In other words , the owner or owners of Sea World should be stoned to death , too .
But Fischer does n’t follow this passage to its logical conclusion as he does the first one .
No , he is more generous than that .
He writes that the family of Brancheau should “ sue the pants off ” Sea World , not kill its owners .
Good to know .
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
When President Obama was asked if he would play a round of golf with his talk - radio nemesis Rush Limbaugh , the response , relayed by a top Democrat , was : “ Limbaugh can play with himself . ”
This is according to Zev Chafets in his new book , “ Rush Limbaugh : An Army of One , ” due May 25 from Sentinel .
The caustic comeback is another example of the verbal venom between the White House and the conservative radio star .
In an interview with CBS News last month , Obama called the views spelled out by Limbaugh and Fox News Channel ’s Glenn Beck “ troublesome . ”
Chafets reports he encouraged Limbaugh to reach out to the president just after last July ’s “ Beer Summit ” that Obama hosted between Professor Henry Louis Gates and Sgt. Joseph Crowley , the Cambridge cop who arrested Gates after he locked himself out of his own home .
“ You guys are both golfers , ” Chafets told Limbaugh .
“ Would you play a round with the president and show the country that there are no hard feelings ? ”
“ He ’s the president of the United States , ” Limbaugh told Chafets .
“ If any president asked me to meet him , or play golf with him , I ’d do it .
But I promise you that will never happen .
His base on the left would have a s–t - fit . ”
“ How about letting me ask ? ” Chafets said .
“ Go ahead , ” Limbaugh said .
“ Nothing will come of it . ”
Chafets writes that he reached out to Obama adviser David Axelrod , “ whom I know slightly , ” but Axelrod did n’t return calls .
Then Chafets spoke to “ a very senior Democratic activist with whom I ’m friendly ” who said he would convey the message .
A day or two later the adviser responded , “ Limbaugh can play with himself . ”
Chafets would n’t name the aide or say whether the quote was directly from Obama .
A spokesman said Limbaugh had not seen the book , and would n’t comment .
The White House did not respond to e-mails .
A blank - firing pistol of the type normally used at the start of track races is to become illegal in the UK after police revealed that it was commonly becoming the weapon of choice in British gang warfare .
The Olympic .38 BBM , which can be readily converted to fire live ammunition , has been used in burglaries , robberies and three attempted murders .
The guns are easily available and cost as little as £ 35 on the internet , or between £ 60 and £ 80 on the high street .
But from 4
June , the guns , which are painted bright orange , will be illegal to own in Britain , the Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) announced yesterday .
Officers have seized 179 converted Olympics from criminals in the past three years .
All but 22 of the converted guns have been recovered in London although there have also been seizures across the country , including Bristol , Manchester and North Yorkshire .
It is believed that there are at least 1,300 still in Britain .
In an attempt to make sure that those who have bought the guns for legitimate reasons , such as race starting or dog training , are not unfairly penalised , Acpo has launched an amnesty which will run until 4 June and will allow anyone to take an Olympic BBM to their local police station without fear of prosecution .
After this date , anyone caught in possession of one could face a five - year prison sentence .
Assistant Chief Constable Sue Fish , the Acpo spokeswoman on gun crime , said that although there was no known case of an Olympic being used in a murder , they were being taken out of circulation because they were a " significant threat to public safety " .
Ms Fish said it was not the intention to criminalise those who had bought the guns legally .
She said : " We are acting today to deal with the threat posed by criminal use of this firearm .
Our action means that any individual in possession of an unconverted or converted Olympic .38 gun should hand it in now or at their earliest opportunity .
This targeted amnesty offers a route to dispose of these firearms without facing prosecution for possession . "
David Penn from the British Shooting Sports Council said : " The actions of a criminal minority have undermined the lawful use of this revolver and we appeal to anyone in possession of an Olympic .38 BB to hand it in to their nearest police station . "
The guns are made in Italy and 1,500 are believed to have been imported into the UK since 2006 .
Bruni , the manufacturers , have agreed to stop exporting the gun to Britain and they are being recalled from shops .
Although the guns come brightly coloured , criminals paint them black to look like the real thing .
Previously , the only punishment this could bring was a possible conviction for possession of an imitation firearm .
As of 4 June , just owning an Olympic , black or otherwise , will be a criminal offence under Section 5 of the 1968 Firearms Act .
Converted guns are a favourite of criminals due to the difficulties they have in readily obtaining live firearms .
The Olympic 's popularity in gangland circles is down to the fact that it is cheap and can be converted relatively easily .
Ms Fish said further reclassification of other starter - pistols could not be ruled out at a later date but said the BBM had been singled out because " this one is easy to modify " .
" It is the only one , to our knowledge , to date that has been used to cause significant harm through its criminal use , " she said .
Convertors realised that the barrel can be drilled out , making it capable of firing either short - length 9 mm ammunition or the blanks it is designed to fire , which can also be converted to make the round live .
The converted guns can then sell for up to £ 400 .
But due to the crudeness of the conversions , the guns can be erratic , often exploding in the hand of its user .
In London , 12 incidents have been identified where an Olympic was used , the earliest being in March 2007 .
In March this year a 17 - year - old from Islington was convicted of the attempted murders of Mihrac Degirmenci , 25 , and Ahmet Baysal , 28 .
He used an Olympic to shoot at the pair .
He will be sentenced on Friday .
In January 2008 , James Jones , 25 , was convicted of manufacturing firearms and sentenced to 18 months in prison after police found 60 empty Olympic boxes in his flat in Tottenham , north London .
In August last year , Jodie Cousins , 20 , left , was sentenced to two years for possession of an Olympic .
The gun was found under floorboards in her bedroom .
Her said she had been coerced into hiding the pistol .
In numbers : The .38 Olympic
£ 35 : The cost of an Olympic .38 on the internet
£ 400 : The amount the converted guns can fetch when resold on the streets
1,500 : The number of Olympics the police believe have been ( legally ) imported into the UK since 2006
179 : Converted Olympics the police have seized across 13 force areas .
All but 22 were in London
1 : Crimes in London which have been comitted using Olympics since 2007
This image comes curtesy of HorrorBid , and it ’s our first clear look at Jackie Earle Haley as Freddy Krueger .
There ’s been a lot of secrecy behind the new look of the film ’s main antagonist , but from the start reports were coming out that the burns would be more realistic looking than previous incarnations .
Personally I like the look , it firmly establishes that this is a whole new ball game .
I ’ve heard the script does n’t go as bold as the new look but we ’ll have to wait and see .
I like Haley , he was absolutely phenomenal in Watchmen , and I think he has what it takes to make this franchise good again .
Be sure to click the image for a bigger picture .
- Jordan
Greetings preschooled Fold !
I work with kids on a regular basis , and we work on comics together which is usually fun .
I have n’t posted them in a while , but I figure you ’ll be seeing Bunny Foo Foo again .
( Also , if you ’re unfamiliar with xkcd , you should check them out . )
And , if you ’re looking for a comic that ’s written by a 5 - year - old and drawn by an adult for hilarious results , check out Axe Cop .
That ’s enough link dropping for one post .
Here ’s the response portion :
Why do you send your kids to preschool ?
Did you go to preschool ?
Why did your parents make you go ?
- bman
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A South Tyneside man is claiming the world record for wearing the most pairs of underpants at the same time .
Gary Craig from Whitburn put on 211 pairs - 11 more than the current official record of 200 .
The 51 - year - old , who has dubbed himself the Geordie Pantsman , completed the task in 25 minutes .
By the end , he said he looked like a " giant tennis ball " .
It will take four to six weeks for the charity fundraising attempt to be verified by Guinness World Records .
The Sunderland - based architect said he came up with the idea after seeing a YouTube clip of a man wearing " loads of T - shirts " .
I felt like if I 'd had more pants I could have carried on
Gary Craig
It was only after researching the topic that he realised there was an existing world record - held by an Australian television presenter .
About 150 people gathered to watch Mr Craig 's record - breaking bid at Dusk nightclub in South Shields on Thursday night .
He began by putting on a pair of 40 - inch underpants ( size large ) and finished with a 60 - inch ( size 4XL ) pair .
Speaking afterwards , he said : " It feels pretty sore at the minute but I 'm just absolutely delighted .
" I wanted to really crack it and give the Australians something to think about .
I deliberately went one over the 10 just to make sure . "
He added : " The great thing was I had lots of people there to support me and that made a big difference .
" I felt like if I 'd had more pants I could have carried on . "
Mr Craig has so far raised about £ 3,000 for the St. Simon 's Drop - in Centre for the unemployed and underprivileged in South Shields , as well as the Cancer Connections charity .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A small firm with lots of experience .
Paul Tinkler and William Tinkler , a father and son team , provide people , estates , and businesses in the Charleston , South Carolina , area with legal services .
With Paul ’s forty - years ’ experience trying cases and arguing appeals in state and federal courts and William ’s experience litigating complex cases across the country , our team can provide you with personalized and effective legal representation that emphasizes value .
We handle cases involving wrongful death and serious personal injury , professional malpractice , property disputes , and business disputes .
We also argue appeals and help whistleblowers .
Enlarge By Stan Godlewski for USA TODAY Ben Bare , a lawyer for the city of Hartford , Conn. , who rides his bicycle to work each day , carries it up to his office in City Hall .
Rain or shine , summer or winter , Hartford , Conn . , attorney Ben Bare rides his bike for the 4 - mile commute to work .
" It wakes me up in the morning and blows out the stress of workday on the way home , " says Bare , 35 .
He says the ride is just as fast as driving a car .
Bare is one growing number of people turning to bicycles for transportation .
According to the most recent U.S. Census figures , the number of adults who bicycled to work in 2008 was 786,098 , up 26 % from 2006 .
That number continues to grow , says Wiley Norvell , spokesman for the New York City - based Transportation Alternatives advocacy group .
" It has just exploded , " Norvell says .
Mindful of that growth , transportation planners in states and municipalities across the USA are increasingly deploying high - tech sensors along bicycle and pedestrian paths to map trail , sidewalk and bike - lane use and assess future needs .
MAP : Participation in 2010 Census FULL COVERAGE : Census 2010 VIDEO : 10 strange facts about the Census Planners have long collected data about the number of vehicles on major roads by placing rubber - strip counters across travel lanes , but those counters are generally unable to detect passing cyclists , says David Patton , a bicycle and pedestrian planner for Arlington County , Va .
Some of the new counters , which can cost $ 500 - $ 8,000 , are triggered by the weight of passing trail users , while others rely on heat emitted by their bodies or bounce radar off them , Patton says .
He says recent advances in technology have made the counters more affordable , which means more communities are buying them to supplement labor - intensive tallies conducted by human volunteers .
" You build a Walmart and we can tell you how many car trips it will generate , on which roads , and at which times of day , " Norvell says .
" We know next to nothing about how and where people bike and walk in this country . "
Transportation Alternatives recently estimated that 201,000 people bike daily in New York City .
City - conducted sample counts showed a 26 % increase in bike ridership from 2008 to 2009 , Norvell says .
He says other large cities are seeing — and counting — similar increases .
The increased use of high - tech sensors supplements a push for expanded counts by the National Bicycle and Pedestrian Documentation Project , which this September is overseeing censuses in about 150 cities , including Kansas City , San Francisco and New York City , Michael Jones says .
Jones , a planner and principal with the Portland , Ore. - based Alta Planning and Design , says he founded the count in 2004 after growing frustrated by the lack of consistently collected pedestrian and bicycle use data .
He says about 10 groups conducted counts that first year .
Under the project 's census , trained volunteers record the direction of each passing biker and pedestrian for two hours each on a weekday and weekend day in multiple locations , and then use around - the - clock tallies from automated devices placed on other nearby trails and roads to account for seasonal and daily weather variations , Jones says .
He says it 's easy to find volunteers to monitor riders on sunny days , but hard to find people willing to stand in the rain at night , even though cyclists are still out .
" It 's a great relief to have robots out there counting … rain or shine , " Patton says Betsy Jacobsen , a transportation planner with the Colorado Department of Transportation , says planners believe riders and walkers represent a " significant " number of commuters daily regardless of weather conditions , but need the data to track whether adding bike lanes and paths , for instance , encourages more people to ride .
Colorado has installed two of the high - tech counters and is preparing to buy more , she says , in part because the federal Department of Transportation is requiring the data collection .
In March , federal Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood declared " the end of favoring motorized transportation at the expense of non-motorized " and urged state and local planners to better accommodate and track pedestrians and riders .
" Without those numbers , you 're leaning on intuition and assumption , which do n't carry a lot of weight when you 're deciding budgets in a recession , " Norvell says .
" The way we change concrete and asphalt is to start counting people . "
Bike commuter Nick Hurtado of Seattle says he struggles to find a route that 's both efficient and safe when riding to his job as a teaching assistant at an elementary school 6 miles from home .
" I really feel like that cars are king on the road , " Hurtado says .
" Bike commuters are not given enough voice .
We have the same rights as anyone on the road , and I do n't feel like that 's the reality . "
Hughes reports for the Fort CollinsColoradoan Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Glenn Beck sure inhabits a weird quadrant of the universe .
It 's one in which you can switch , as he did on his show yesterday , from pleading with his viewers to stop lumping each other into political frames that are unfair -- especially lumping Tea Partiers in with neo -Nazis -- and then leaping to lump one of the most mainstream Latino advocacy organizations , the National Council of La Raza , in the same " box " with violent Mexican drug gangs .
We 've seen nasty smears directed at NCLR previously , but this hits a new low .
Which no doubt was Beck 's fondest hope .
How he gets there is actually an amazing convolution of logic that not only defies gravity but reality -- particularly when he explains that the neo - Nazis marching in Los Angeles last weekend , under the aegis of the National Socialist Movement , are Socialists , you see , and therefore " Progressive Right " .
He later adds : " The neo - Nazis -- National Socialists -- you 'd put that on the Left in America . "
Excuse me , but as someone who actually covered neo -Nazis as a journalist here in the Pacific Northwest at a time when Glenn Beck was perfecting a shock - jock schtick , I have to call bullshit on this .
Having been to neo -Nazi rallies , having covered the demise of the Aryan Nations , and having interviewed both leaders and followers of the neo - Nazis , I can assert without any hesitation that there 's nothing remotely " progressive " about neo -Nazis of any stripe , whether they 're NSM or AN or White Aryan Resistance or Hammerskins .
They 're all extremely hardcore far - right - wingers who are in many ways primarily driven by a deep animus for " progressive " values , particularly multiculturalism , civil rights , internationalism , and union organizing .
Beck , as we well know , is a fan of Jonah Goldberg 's Liberal Fascism fraud , and this deliberate confusion about where neo -Nazis sit on the political spectrum is a clear product of Goldberg 's mishmash of history .
Indeed , Goldberg himself is fond of rationalizing , whenever real American fascists show up on the scene , that they 're not right - wingers at all -- they 're just kooks .
To which we responded :
[ T ] his is palpable nonsense .
What makes these people right - wing extremists is that they not only adopt right - wing political positions , they take them to their most extreme logical ( if that 's the word for it ) outcome :
They not only oppose abortion , they believe abortion providers should be killed .
They not only believe that liberal elites control the media and financial institutions , but that a conniving cabal of Jews is at the heart of this conspiracy to destroy America .
They not only despise Big Government , they believe it is part of a New World Order plot to enslave us all .
They not only defend gun rights avidly , they stockpile them out of fear that President Obama plans to send in U.N. troops to take them away from citizens .
They not only oppose homosexuality as immoral , they believe gays and lesbians deserve the death penalty .
They not only oppose civil - rights advances for minorities , they also believe a " race war " is imminent , necessary and desirable .
And on and on .
Every part of the agenda of the agenda of right - wing extremists is essentially an extreme expression of conservative positions .
And that , fundamentally , is why American fascism always has been and always will be , properly understood , an unmistakable phenomenon of the Right .
Having thus broken down any kind of meaningful category into which neo -Nazis might belong , he then calls the " progressive Right " fascists " the same people " as the " progressive Left " group -- which includes NCLR and various " Marxist " groups and Mexican drug gangs .
And , ah , last I checked , Mexican drug cartels have no political philosophy -- though at least one of them La Familia , draws its inspiration from the American religious - right group Focus on the Family .
Nonetheless , according to Beck , " if you 're in this picture , you 're a danger to society . "
Including NCLR .
But then he suddenly and bizarrely switched to a plea for people not to put each other into unfair " boxes " :
Beck :
This is why , see , you can't stand there .
You can't stand where they 're putting you .
Because they 're putting you in a box with Nazis .
And Democrats ?
You 're being put into boxes with Communists !
That 's not who you are .
We have to stop with the R and D stuff .
We have to stop with the Republicans and Democrats stuff .
And I know , I mean , I 've done my fair share of this .
We 've gotta stop !
We 've gotta stop .
Then , of course , he promptly turned around in hsi very next segment and did exactly that -- placed a mainstream Latino organization like La Raza in " a box " with drug gangs and neo -Nazis !
Beck : La Raza --
I mean , you want to talk about a racist statement -- if I called an organization " The Race " -- Wow !
That 's -- whew !
Anyway , La Raza supports drivers licenses for illegal aliens .
I 'm not for that .
Um -- they oppose any cooperation between local law enforcement and federal authorities such as immigration and customs enforcement enforcing U.S. immigration laws .
Why would n't you want them working together ?
Then you have MS - 13 .
This is a bloodthirsty -- this is a notoriously violent drug gang , who has often left behind dismembered corpses , decapitated heads -- I mean , it 's -- bad .
It makes my head hurt just trying to figure out where to start with this , beyond the obvious hypocrisy and the strangeness of Beck thinking that opposing certain immigration policies is comparable to beheading drug - gang members .
Let 's start with the bad facts :
Beck tries to argue that the translation of " La Raza " is " The Race " and therefore NCLR is innately racist .
But that 's only if you 're utterly ignorant of Spanish or deliberately want to mistranslate .
" La Raza , " as the Wikipedia entry accurately explains , is correctly translated not as " the race " but " the people , " since it refers generically to " the people of Latin America " ( or more narrowly , " of Mexico " ) .
It 's generically a multiracial term , not a racist one .
Moreover , as Wikipedia also correctly describes , the National Council of La Raza is one of the most middle - of - the - road Latino - advocacy organizations in the country :
Its stated focus is on reducing poverty and discrimination , and improving opportunities for Hispanics .
According to the organization 's website , it is " the largest national Hispanic civil rights and advocacy organization in the United States " and " serves all Hispanic subgroups in all regions of the country " .
NCLR receives funding from philanthropic organizations , such as the Ford Foundation , and corporations such as Citigroup and Wal - Mart .
NCLR serves its constituency by means of its Affiliates , nearly 300 community - based organizations .
People like Beck like to claim that NCLR supports illegal immigration , but it in fact is outspoken on this matter .
As NCLR president Janet Murguia put it : " First , as a sovereign nation , the United States has the right to determine who comes and who stays .
. .
[ It also ] has a right to consider enforcement at a variety of levels , including border enforcement , interior enforcement , and workplace enforcement .
. .
We support enforcement ...[ because ] as Americans , we recognize it 's the right thing to do . "
Funny how Beck only gets upset when his beloved Tea Partiers get put into the kind of box he regularly puts his targets into , is n't it ?
Much to the dismay to those of us who actually have a sense of humor , Jay Leno was tabbed last week for the job of keynote speaker for the White House Correspondent ’s Dinner .
After watching the following video , Obama ’s agenda was clear : he wanted to show the world that he could out - funny the man who currently holds the most prestigious job in late night comedy .
Observe :
Say what you will about Obama and his policies , but I ’ll take a pro-Conan jab at Leno any day of the week .
That guy is the comedic anti-Christ .
Clearly the internet has regurgitated anything that has been said on the issue , but I dare say that Jay Leno ’s collective career does not add up to Conan ’s 1860 ’s baseball sketch .
Leno ’s audience consists of people too lazy to change the channel after the 11 PM news on NBC , and lobotomized metal patients .
At least , those are the only people I can excuse for being in Leno ’s audience .
At the very least , I ’m glad this video shows that Republicans and Democrats can put their differences aside and agree on one thing … .
Jay Leno sucks .
If you needed further proof …. look here .
Arguably the most prestigious job a comic can land ( other than , of course , the Tonight Show which Jay wrestled from Conan ’s grasp ) , and he DIDNT EVEN COME UP WITH FRESH MATERIAL .
Instead of car bombing Trey Parker and Matt Stone for poking fun at Muhammed , Revolution Muslim should take out Jay Leno .
I ’d pay them 72 virgins in heaven to do it .
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 9 votes ) Views : 32483
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 9 votes ) Views : 32483
You know what just came in the mail ?
Now I ’m as optimistic as anyone when it comes to this twát of a football club , but after this afternoon ’s latest capitulation it ’s time to wake up and smell the coffee – we ’re fúcked .
Down .
Goners .
Non-league .
To be honest I did n’t know how it would affect me , it ’s not like it has n’t been coming , but tonight I just feel absolutely deflated .
Absolutely fúcking devastated .
I ca n’t get away from these emotions , I just want the whole world to just fúck off and leave me alone .
To help me come to terms with this whole mess , I ’ve decided to compile a list of everyone and everything I want to fúck off most of all .
For starters , work can fúck off .
If they think I ’m going to be there on Monday morning they ’ve got another thing coming .
No way am I going in to spend time dealing with cúnts that I can barely stand being with when I ’m in a good mood , let alone this crushing feeling of anger , frustration and outright metaphorical - kicked - in - the - bóllocks - ness .
Plastic Premier League fans can fúck off .
I just spoke to my Manchester United supporting neighbour ( who incidentally , has been to Old Trafford before – twice ) about Town ’s predicament .
You know what he said ?
“ I know how you feel ; it ’s like when we failed to win a trophy in ‘ 95 ” .
NO IT FÚCKING WELL IS NOT !
He no longer has a face .
The girlfriend can definitely fúck off .
Her best attempt at consolation – “ I do n’t know why you ’re bothered ; you knew they were shít anyway ” .
Yes love , but they ’re MY shít team .
They ’ve been MINE for pretty much as long as I ’ve been able to wipe my own árse , and they ’ll be MINE for as long as I ’m alive ( or at least , until I ’m no longer able to wipe my own árse ) .
Truth is , watching my team win does things for me that no woman can .
If push comes to shove and I ’m horny , I can always have a wánk .
Barrow can fúck off .
I ’ve been all over the country and beyond to watch my team , but frankly I just do n’t have the stomach to visit any town which makes Scunthorpe look like fúcking St. Tropez .
Dad , you can fúck off .
This is your fault .
Your idea .
You introduced me to this shower of shít .
“ Come with me to Blundell Park ” , you said , “ Come and support the boys ” .
What could I do ?
I was fúcking four , what choice did I have ?
Why not get me hooked on Heroin whilst you were at it ?
I could have gone with mum shopping for bras and knickers at British Home Stores , but no , you knew best .
Granted , I ’d have probably grown up a homosexual but surely even being simultaneously búggered two guys named Seth and Quentin could n’t hurt like this .
Seeing as we ’re on the subject of homosexuality , Gok Wan can fúck off .
No particular reason , I just plain do n’t like the annoying , goggle - eyed cúnt .
The F.A. can fúck off .
Not for supplying us , week - in , week - out , with inept referee after inept referee , but for imposing sensible financial rules on all clubs in League Two .
How many clubs in this division have been into administration this season ?
Not one .
How many points deducted ?
Not one .
How the fúck else are we supposed to avoid relegation – footballing merit ?
We did n’t have to last season , so why spoil the fun now ?
The World Cup can fúck off – I do n’t care anymore .
My local pizza shop can fúck off .
I ordered a 12 ” Pepperoni over an hour ago , and where the fúck is it ?
Are they trying to fúcking fly it to me or something ?
Sky Sports can fúck off .
Nothing personal , but there ’ll be little need for me next season with no Town to be found anywhere .
Ooh , Bolton versus Wolves , LIVE .
I think I ’ll pass ...
The radio can fúck off .
On my way home from the match , whilst driving down the M180 , I caught three completely separate stations playing ‘ Down ’ by Jay Sean at the exact same fúcking time .
The song ’s the best part of a year old , how the fúck does that happen by coincidence !?
My nan ’s old lucky Buddha that used to sit in her front room can fúck off .
When I was a kid I held it in my hands and wished for Town to be in the Premier League .
I meant the proper one you fat cúnt , not the one occupied by Histon , Eastbourne and for fúck ’s sake , Ebbsfleet , wherever that is .
Tonight can fúck off .
I ’ve had enough of trying to cope with my emotions ; the time has come for oblivion .
I have n’t kept any booze in the house since an occasion known only as ‘ That Night ’ by myself and the missus , but suffice to say that the toilet duck and luminous blue mouthwash are looking like stronger propositions by the minute .
Most of all though , the last 10 years can fúck off .
In that time I ’ve watched my team fall from the top of the Championship into non-league nothingness .
We ’ve gone from one great big fúck up to the next without even coming up for air , and today is just the big , fúck off cherry on top .
One thing I ’m sure of though is that we WILL be back .
When it comes down to it , a football club is basically just a set of supporters , and frankly what I ’ve learned in the last few years is that this one has some of the best .
We ’ve had to put up with some shít , have n’t we boys , but in spite of all of that the future is still bright – it ’s fúcking black and white .
Grimsby ‘ til I die ...
Albert Goering , the brother of Nazi mastermind Hermann who planned the murder of millions of Jews , risked his life to save Jews in the Holocaust .
While Nazi mastermind Hermann Goering was planning the deaths of millions of Jews , his brother Albert used his family name to save Jews from the evil regime , a new book called ” Thirty - Four ” reveals .
The story of Albert Goering was little known until the appearance of the book by William Hastings Burke , who relates several details of Albert ’s heroic deeds for the first time .
His story had been shoved into obscurity , despite documents in British archives .
The Nazis' “ Final Solution ” disgusted Albert , who opposed the Nazi regime from its early days , even braving the daring act of refusing to return the Nazi salute when he worked in the Exports Department during the German occupation of Czechoslovakia .
After death camps were built , he drove to a camp , where he acted heroically in loading hundreds of Jews into a truck and freeing them in forests .
Albert served time in prison after the war because his last name was enough for investigators to refuse to accept his story as true .
He eventually was freed after a further probe unearthed personal testimony from Jews whom he saved .
Jews who remembered or heard of his life - saving deeds helped him to survive after his release from jail until he died in Munich in 1966 .
In his book , Burke relates that Albert reputedly was fathered by a wealthy Jewish Austrian doctor who had an affair with Goering ’s mother .
Hermann , who eventually directed the Luftwaffe and suggested himself as a replacement for Hitler towards the end of the Nazi regime , was the opposite of Albert ’s quiet and sensitive personality .
While Hermann ( pictured ) was a national celebrity after he won aerial battles in World War I and commanded the Gestapo police in 1933 , Albert fled to Austria to escape the regime .
Burke relates that in Vienna , Albert saw Nazis forcing old Jewish women to scrub floors .
He took the place of one of the women and also scrubbed .
The incident was glossed over when SS forces intervened and saw his papers with his last name , which he used several times to escape certain death for helping and saving Jews .
Albert and Hermann “ were political and ideological rivals on the streets , but in their private world , they remained devoted brothers , ” Burke wrote in “ Thirty - Four , ” which is the number on Albert ’s list of Jews whom he saved .
During a family holiday , when Albert heard the news of the Nazi occupation of Austria that included shipping an elderly archduke of the Austrian royal family to the Dachau death camp , his brother Hermann offered him one wish .
Albert wrote , ' I wished for the immediate release of the old Archduke . ”
Hermann freed the royal family member the following day , and Albert wrote him down as number 12 on his list .
Hermann ’s fondness for Albert resulted in the cancellation of an order for his arrest .
However , after Albert used a large truck to rescue Jews from a death camp , the Nazi regime issued an order to kill him .
Albert fled to a safe house .
After the war , he presented himself to American authorities .
Hermann committed suicide , and Albert eventually rejoined his family until he died of cancer .
In the rush over Goldman coverage and volcanic news , a very relevant piece of market update may have gotten lost , namely that Moody ’s / REAL All Property Type Aggregate Index just peaked once again .
Moody 's reports that this index " measured a 2.6 % price decline in commercial properties in February .
This decrease comes on the heels of three consecutive months of rising prices , and brings the level of commercial property prices 41.8 % below the peak measured in October 2007 .
Values are now down 25.8 % from a year ago , and 41.6 % from two years ago . "
This is the first time prices have fallen since October of last year : have we just hit price resistance in CRE ?
The chart below shows the month over month change in prices .
A useful observation from Moody's : " The share of distressed sales in the repeat - sales transaction database has increased significantly over the last year .
In early 2009 , less than 20 % of repeat - sales were identified as distressed .
In February of this year , that proportion reached nearly one - third . "
Moody 's provides this explanation for why prices have plateaued :
ChaseLawyers℠ , with offices in Miami and New York City , is a boutique entertainment law firm with clients in the United States , Latin America , Europe , and Asia .
The Entertainment Lawyers Miami firm advises and represents clients in all legal matters related to music , sports , television / film , visual and literary works , modeling , online matters , and intellectual property .
Our attorneys are not only well - versed in the law , but have also participated personally in the film / television , sports , IP ( Intellectual Property ) licensing and music industries — giving us the practical knowledge to deal with any issue in those areas .
Our Senior Partner , Barry Chase , has represented media giants such as CBS and Time , Inc. , and left the Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) as Vice President in charge of PBS ’s national TV network .
Our Partner Gregory Bloom , has years of hands - on experience in the business of sports and the negotiation of agreements involving professional athletes , musicians , sponsors , promoters , managers , and agencies .
Alex Loveyko , our IP , Media and Internet Attorney , has served as a Licensing Attorney for one of the most famous IP brands in the world – the Russian animation sensation “ Masha and the Bear ” , and represents start - up owners , website and mobile app owners , fashion designers , eCommerce business owners , and other creatives and entrepreneurs as part of his current diverse practice .
Our of Counsel Entertainment Lawyer Miami , Michael Epstein , has had a successful career as an independent record label owner , DJ , and recording artist operating across musical genres .
And our of Counsel attorney Anastasia Latman , is ChaseLawyers ’ point - person for social media law and practice .
Please take some time to browse through our Practice Areas , as we offer plenty of information pertaining to your immediate needs !
Contact us today online ( by using our Contact Us Form ) or by telephone in Miami at 305-373-7665 or New York at 212-601-2762 to arrange a consultation with an experienced Miami and New York attorney .
We hope to learn a little more about your business , and discuss how our professional entertainment attorney Miami can prepare you to protect yourself individually , as well as to protect and grow your business .
President Obama : Put an Atheist on the Supreme Court - Balance the Power
President Obama should “ absolutely ” take into account the religious views of his next nominee for the Supreme Court , but not for the usual reasons , Marc Cooper says .
“ Clearly , the next person to take the bench should be an atheist , ” he writes for the Los Angeles Times .
Having a nonbeliever on the bench would be a “ mighty blow ” in favor of the Jeffersonian principles of reason and freedom .
“ It ’s rather staggering to consider that more than two centuries after our Constitution codified the absolute separation of church and state , we ’ve never had a single top court justice who was an atheist , ” writes Cooper .
Thomas Jefferson himself figured the “ mystical generation ” of Jesus would someday be regarded as fable .
So let ’s stop asking , “ What would Jesus do , ” and start asking , “ What would Jefferson do ? ”
Courses
Our hands - on spring Intensive Permaculture Design Course will be held Mar 17 - 29 2020 .
It is our 28th design course .
This is an intensive two week course held at our permaculture farm 1 hour north of Tampa and about 20 minutes from Weeki Wachee , FL .
Students will have the opportunity to participate with and observe permaculture systems installation ...
[ Find out more ... ]
Want to get a better idea of what permaculture really is and what it can do ?
What does sustainability and whole system design have to do with permaculture ?
Permaculture design is an effective tool to help you really make a difference , whether by gaining access to healthier food , reducing pollution , healing the earth , creating more economic stability , ... [ Find out more ... ]
Urban Permaculture Design Course starting weekend January 4 , 2020
This is Grow Permaculture ’s 27th internationally recognized Permaculture Design Course , based on Bill Mollison ’s work .
This course will unfold on the first weekend of each month over six months , Jan 4 through June 7 , held at our farm in Brooksville and in Lakewood United ...
[ Find out more ...]
Jan 4 , 2020 9 am - noon
Want to get a better idea of what permaculture really is and what it can do ?
What does sustainability and whole system design have to do with permaculture ?
Permaculture design is an effective tool to help you really make a difference , whether by gaining access to healthier food , reducing pollution , healing the earth , ... [ Find out more ...]
Our hands - on spring Intensive Permaculture Design Course will be held Oct 22 - Nov 2 2019 .
It is our 26th design course .
This is an intensive two week course held at our permaculture farm 1 hour north of Tampa and about 20 minutes from Weeki Wachee , FL .
Students will have the opportunity to participate with and observe permaculture systems installation ...
[ Find out more ... ]
October 13th , 1 pm - 4 pm. ( Updated . )
Want to get a better idea of what permaculture really is and what it can do ?
What does sustainability and whole system design have to do with permaculture ?
Permaculture design is an effective tool to help you really make a difference , whether by gaining access to healthier food , reducing pollution , healing ...
[ Find out more ...]
October 22 , 9 am to noon .
Want to get a better idea of what permaculture really is and what it can do ?
What does sustainability and whole system design have to do with permaculture ?
Permaculture design is an effective tool to help you really make a difference , whether by gaining access to healthier food , reducing pollution , healing the earth , ... [ Find out more ...]
Our spring Intensive Permaculture Design Course will be held April 16 - 28 , 2019 ( You will be off Easter Sunday . )
It is our 24th design course .
This is an intensive two week course held at our permaculture farm 1 hour north of Tampa and about 20 minutes from Weeki Wachee , FL .
Students will have the opportunity to participate with and observe permaculture ...
[ Find out more ... ]
Urban Permaculture Design Course starting weekend January 5 , 2019
This is Grow Permaculture ’s 22nd internationally recognized Permaculture Design Course , based on Bill Mollison ’s work .
This course will unfold on the first weekend of each month over six months , Jan 5 through June 2 , held at Moccasin Lake Nature Preserve in Clearwater , FL and other ...
[ Find out more ...]
Our fall Intensive Permaculture Design Course will be held Oct 23 - Nov 4 , 2017 .
It is our 21st design course .
This is an intensive two week course held at our permaculture farm north of Tampa about 20 minutes from Weeki Wachee , FL .
Students will have the opportunity to participate with and observe permaculture systems installation and operate in an ...
[ Find out more ... ]
And so the European private banks win the overnight battle with the Central Banks again : after shorting the EURUSD all the way to almost 1.25 , they have forced the European Central Banks to buy ever more of their worthless Government bond holdings .
Reuters reports that overnight CBs have been aggressive buyers of Greek , Portuguese and Irish Sovereign ( if there is such a laughable concept as sovereign any more ) bonds , which in turn has forced a quick short covering spree in the EURUSD and the EURJPY , which in turn has forced futures to go from 10 handles down to up 4 .
In other words , Central Banks now are fighting tooth and nail to prevent the market from going down ever again .
To all the shorts out there - you are no longer taking on merely the Fed , now you have every money printer against you as they scramble to load up with every worthless asset imaginable .
At this rate Dow , Dax and Dung Manure 36,000 is easily reachable .
The only way to play this is through gold , which is now the only flight from Central Bank lunacy .
The UK National Lottery began in November 1994 .
Optimistic statisticians hoped that the surrounding publicity might increase interest in ideas of chance and probability , and perhaps even enhance the nation 's numeracy .
Hot tips
In the early days of the Lottery , it was quite common to see newspaper articles that looked back on what numbers had recently been drawn , and attempted to identify certain numbers as " due " ( they had n't appeared for a dozen draws ) , other numbers as " hot " ( having occurred several times in succession ) , much in the manner of racing tipsters studying form .
The question of how these inanimate rubber spheres , whirling around a plastic tub , were supposed to be influenced by previous draws was never addressed .
Few such articles appear now ; without these words being specifically used , it does seem to be generally believed that the outcome of each draw is independent of the rest , and that each of the possible combinations has the same chance every time .
The game has tightly drawn rules about the amount of prize money available , and how it shall be allocated .
The mathematics of counting then allow you to work out your winning chances , and how much your prize might be .
For the principal game , players must select six different numbers from the list { 1,2 , ...,49} ; in the Lottery draw , six of these numbers are selected at random as " main " numbers , and a seventh is also chosen ( the Bonus number ) .
Players win some prize if their selection matches at least three of the main numbers .
If they match all six main numbers , they qualify for a share of the Jackpot prize , with an average value of £ 2 million - and , occasionally , ten times this amount !
However , less than half the money staked is returned as prizes , so , on average , you lose more than 50 p each time you buy a £ 1 ticket .
To work out the winning chances , note that the number of different choices of six numbers from a list of 49 numbers is , say .
And all these combinations are taken to have an equal chance of being the six main numbers .
So if you buy one ticket , your chance of a Jackpot share is 1 in , or , in round figures , one in 14 million .
It is hard to appreciate how small this figure is : for example , the chance of death within one year for a middle - aged healthy man might be one in 1,000 .
If so , the chance he dies within the next week is one in 52,000 ; within the next day about one in 365,000 , within the next hour about one in nine million - still bigger than the chance of a jackpot share .
Indeed , on these figures , he is about as likely to win a jackpot share with one ticket as he is to die in the next 40 minutes .
All those who match all six main numbers share the amount in the Jackpot pool , which depends mainly on total sales .
To win a gigantic prize , you hope to be the only person with a winning ticket .
What can you do to bring this about ?
Really random
Very little information has been disclosed about what combinations UK players have chosen .
Apparently , at one stage , 10,000 people were selecting the numbers 1 to 6 , while the most popular single choice is said to be those multiples of seven , { 7,14,21,28,35,42} .
Of course , after every draw , we learn how many players shared the jackpot , and hence exactly how many selected that particular combination that draw .
Almost one time in six , no - one has won a jackpot share ; and one time in five , one winner has scooped the entire jackpot pool .
At the other extreme , 133 people selected the winning combination { 7,17,23,32,38,42} , while on another occasion 57 chose { 2,12,19,28,38,48} .
But the Swiss Lottery permitted Hans Riedwyl complete knowledge of player choice for one particular week ; on average , each combination was chosen about twice , but he identified types of combinations that attracted far , far more players :
previous winning combinations , going back several years ; winning combinations from Lotteries in neighbouring countries ; combinations that , when marked on the Lottery ticket , made straight lines , zig -zags , or symmetrical patterns ; other systematic choices , such as last week 's winning numbers , all with one added ( or subtracted ) .
How to win more
If the mind - sets of Swiss and UK players are similar , there are lessons here .
Avoid any such systematic choices !
Too many other players may think along your lines , and some may copy your selection .
Be aware of the two players who split the jackpot in the Irish Lottery , both having picked their numbers using the dates of birth , ordination and death of the same priest !
One idea is to choose your numbers completely at random , perhaps by use of an ordinary deck of cards ( discard three of them , shuffle well the other 49 ) , or the official Lucky Dip facility .
But do not fall into the trap of believing that spreading your choices evenly across the card is the same as choosing randomly : far from it !
If the combinations listed above , with 133 and 57 winners are marked on the Lottery ticket as set out at the time ( nine rows of five numbers , a bottom row with four numbers ) , you will see that
every number is on a different row
no two numbers are adjacent vertically
no numbers are in the outside columns .
It is as though players had run their pencils down the middle of the ticket , dodging a little from side to side , they were choosing at random .
They were not - as their disappointing jackpot prize proved .
One further factor : many players choose numbers based on family birth dates , and so the numbers 1 to 31 are be selected more often .
To help avoid their choices , bias your random choice towards the higher numbers .
How ?
Plainly , the mean value of a single number is and so the mean total over six numbers chosen at random is .
The calculation for the variance is more complicated - successive choices are not independent - but Riedwyl 's advice is to select your numbers at random , but then reject them en bloc unless :
their total is at least 177
3,4 or 5 of them are on the edge of the ticket
they do not form a single cluster , nor are they spread as six isolated numbers .
The smaller prizes
This still leaves over 1,500,000 combinations , and following his advice makes no difference whatsoever to your winning chances - but it is likely to lead to
The door to riches ?
We have concentrated on the prospects of winning a jackpot share , as that is the main motivation for most Lottery players .
But working out the chances of the other prizes is not difficult .
Call the six winning numbers the Good numbers , the other 43 the Bad numbers .
So to match exactly five of the winning numbers , your selection combines five of the six Good numbers ( with 6 ways to select them ) along with one of the 43 Bad numbers ( 43 choices ) , making possible winning tickets .
The Bonus number is just one of the Bad numbers , so six of these choices win a share of the Bonus prize , the other 252 qualify for a Match 5 prize .
Similarly , to win a Match 4 prize , you select 4 of the 6 Good numbers ( in ways ) , along with 2 of the 43 Bad numbers ( in ways ) , giving combinations that match exactly four winning numbers .
And there are choices that give the fixed Match 3 prize of .
This gives a grand total of 260,624 out of the different choices that win some prize , meaning that each ticket has chance , or about one in 54 , of winning something .
Buy one ticket a week , and expect about one win a year .
With average luck , you will spend about before you win your first prize of more than .
The Table shows what prize ( round figures ) you might expect .
The winning chance , at any prize level , is just the corresponding Frequency , divided by N .
Frequency Maximum
Prize (£ ) Mean
Prize (£ ) Minimum
Prize (£ ) Jackpot 1 22.6 million 2 million 122,500 * Bonus 6 1,236,000 ** 100,000 4,100 Match 5 252 7,800 1,500 180 Match 4 13,545 164 62 16 Match 3 246,820 10 10 10
* This figure would have been about £ 48,500 if unwon money from a previous week had not been added to the prize fund .
** Draw 286 , where £ 15 million was arbitrarily ( and uniquely ) added to the Bonus pool is omitted .
Be above average
It could be you - but it probably wo n't be
Statistical considerations can suggest how you might win more than these average amounts .
Your aim is to choose combinations that other players tend to avoid , so we can look at the data to see when there are fewer jackpot winners than would be expected , given the level of sales .
The first 850 draws contained 40 occasions where the winning combination had three consecutive numbers , such as { 34,35,36} .
Taking account of the sales in those 40 draws , we would have expected about 135 jackpot winners ; but there were only 88 .
More reliably , those 850 draws had a pair of consecutive numbers 406 times ; overall , there were 25 % fewer jackpot winners than expected , so again the prize tended to be correspondingly higher .
Over the same period , there have been only 58 occasions on which the winning combination had three or more numbers higher than 40 , but the overall number of jackpot winners in those draws is less than half the figure expected .
Whatever numbers you select , and whether or not you remain faithful to the same combination every draw , your chance of winning , and the average number of prizes , are not affected .
The only " skill " is in selecting combinations that fewer other players use , leading to higher prizes - but we have little direct knowledge of other players ' choices .
If , by some miracle , this article were to be widely read and its contents splashed over the popular press , enough players might change their habits , and combinations that used to be unpopular ( hence potentially more profitable ) could become chosen more frequently .
If you must enter the Lottery , there is much to be said for making a completely random selection of numbers .
About the author
John Haigh is Reader in Mathematics and Statistics at the University of Sussex .
His book , Taking Chances , ( now translated into Spanish and Chinese , and in a second edition ) aimed at helping the layperson understand ideas of probability , is an all - time Plus favourite .
You can read our review in Issue 13 .
Well , here ’s the cooling .
You ca n’t have rapprochement with Muslims while condoning the steady Israeli appropriation of the physical space for Palestine .
You ca n’t have that rapprochement if U.S. policy is susceptible to the whims of Shas , the Sephardic ultra-Orthodox party in Netanyahu ’s coalition that runs the Interior Ministry and announced the Biden - baiting measure .
The Israeli right , whether religious or secular , has no interest in a two - state peace .
I had lunch the other day with Ron Nachman , the mayor of Ariel , one of the largest West Bank settlements .
He told me breezily that there “ can be no Palestinian state , ” and that “ Israel and Jordan should divide the land . ” I liked his frankness .
It clarifies things .
It ’s time for equal frankness from Netanyahu .
Do “ the vital interests of the state of Israel ” include continued building in East Jerusalem and the steady takeover of the West Bank , or does his embrace of the airy phrase , “ two states for two peoples , ” have more than camouflage meaning ?
Netanyahu ’s apology is not enough .
The United States is asking for “ specific actions . ”
I ’d say at a minimum that would include the annulment of the 1,600 - apartments plan .
Israel , always ready to mock Palestinian disarray , might also ensure that its leader knows what members of his own government are doing .
This is a watershed moment .
Palestinian violence , Palestinian anti-Semitic incitement and jihadist infiltration of the Palestinian national movement all undermine peace efforts .
They are unacceptable ; Biden was right to “ ironclad ” the U.S. commitment to Israeli security .
But it ’s past time that Palestinian failings cease to serve as an excuse for Israel ’s remorseless , cynical scattering of the Palestinian people into enclaves that make a farce of statehood .
That is “ an affront ” to America .
In this sense , Biden ’s foray has been salutary .
It brought U.S. “ vital interests ” to the surface .
It challenged Israel ’s ostrich - like burrowing into polices that , over time , will make one divided , undemocratic state more likely than “ two states for two peoples . ”
It asked again the question posed recently by David Shulman of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem : Are Israelis , cocooned , still able “ to see , to imagine , and to acknowledge the suffering of other human beings , including those aspects of their suffering for which we are directly responsible ? ”
Being warm and wet does wonders for life in the Amazon ( Image : Pete Oxford / Minden Pictures / FLPA RM )
The United Nations has made 2010 its Year of Biodiversity .
While there could be as many as 30 million species on this teeming planet , so far fewer than 2 million have been identified .
That includes a staggering 114,000 catalogued in the past three years alone .
Our exploration of life is just beginning .
No wonder the UN is keen that this year should be one of celebration .
It is also time to take stock , though .
Human activities are causing a mass extinction , but the right action now could pull life back from the brink .
At last we are beginning to understand what generates biodiversity ( this article , below ) and what makes a good conservation programme ( How to save an island ) .
We can also predict how our activities today will shape biodiversity in the future ( The shape of life to come ) .
It is a sobering vision – but one that is still in our power to change .
DEEP in the western Amazon lies the Yasuni National Park .
Packed within an average hectare of this dense , steamy Ecuadorian rainforest are more species of tree than are native to the US and Canada combined , as well as 150 types of amphibian and an estimated 100,000 insect species .
“ It ’s hard to get very far , because every few minutes you see or hear something new , ” says Matt Finer of Save America ’s Forests , based in Washington DC .
According to work by Finer and others , published in January , there are more different life forms in Yasuni than anywhere else in …
Comme de nombreux automobilistes , vous en avez assez des radars automatiques ?
Pas de panique , une équipe de hackers vient de mettre sur pied une attaque d'envergure qui devrait régler une bonne fois pour toute pour le problème des excès de vitesse .
Contre toute attente , le dispositif ne prévoit ni botnet de PC zombies , ni algorithmes malicieux .
Il se contente en réalité quelques bouts de carton , un peu de scotch et une mystérieuse formule magique .
Le principe illustré ici , c'est celui de l'injection SQL qui , sur Internet , consiste à insérer par l'intermédiaire d'un formulaire dont les champs ne sont pas correctement vérifiés , une instruction susceptible d'opérer des modifications au sein de la base de données qui sous - tend le site .
Dans la mesure où les radars automatiques font appel à des algorithmes de reconnaissance de caractère , de façon à déterminer la plaque d'immatriculation de la voiture photographiée , on pourrait imaginer piéger le dispositif à l'aide d'une commande visant , par exemple , à effacer toute la base de données .
On a bien dit imaginer , vils chauffards !
Découvert via Gizmodo .
LONDON , March 5 ( UPI ) --
An English rector evicted a tai chi class from his church hall after deciding the exercise routines were not compatible with Christianity , authorities said .
The Rev. Jonathan Frais of St. Marks Church in Bexhill - on - Sea , East Sussex , served the class , led by Richard Odell , with less than a month 's notice , The Daily Telegraph reported Friday .
Advertisement
" Tai chi is a practice from the Taoist religion .
Although the relaxation techniques are not teaching a different religion , it advocates practices that come from a different faith , " Frais said .
" It got to the point where it struck me as inappropriate on Christian premises for an expression of another religion to be hosted . "
Odell called Frais ' decision " ridiculous . "
" We have been here for quite a few years .
It 's insulting and effectively saying the church is now not prepared to tolerate our presence . "
Student Jean Mills was a regular class attendee .
" Our classes focus on the health benefits of deep breathing and slow exercise .
We all consider ourselves Christians with several of us regular churchgoers , " she said .
" For almost four years I have attended tai chi lessons and from the onset Mr. Odell made it clear to us that he did not teach a religion . "
In the film Minority Report , Tom Cruise utilizes amazing technologies from the year 2054 , including talking billboards , jetpacks and , most famously , augmented reality gloves that allow him to interact with a computer interface without ever touching it .
Needless to say , this very popular movie has inspired tons of technological innovations .
Two students from MIT , Tony Hyun Kim and Nevada Sanchez , decided to go a step further and the results are awesome to behold .
The two developed mouse gloves for a class project last year .
Using equipment that costs less than $ 100 , they were able to create an interface where they could navigate , zoom and manipulate a map , all by simply waving their hands through the air .
Now they 've made the gloves wireless , which you can see in action in the video below .
Of course the technology is a little more complicated than that , but you get the idea .
And while their invention nowhere near matches Tom Cruise 's masterful manipulation of glove - based interfaces , it does make us believe that the technology of Minority Report is not that far away .
Here 's a video of the glove mouse in action , along with the famous scene from Minority Report that inspired it :
Minority Report Scene
[ via Popular Science ]
Recently I ’ve found myself doing the following very ugly thing .
Perhaps you ’ve unwittingly done it too — so I thought I ’d share the problem and its solution .
Suppose I ’ve written a function foo :
> foo :: Int ->
Result > foo n = ... n ...
Who knows what Result is ; that ’s not the point .
Everything is going fine until I suddenly realize that occasionally I would like to be able to control the number of wibbles !
Well , every good programmer knows the answer to this : abstract out the number of wibbles as a parameter .
> foo :: Int ->
Int ->
Result > foo numWibbles n = ... n ... numWibbles ...
But this is n’t quite what I want .
For one thing , I ’ve already used foo in a bunch of places in my code , and it would be annoying to go back and change them all ( even with refactoring support ) .
What ’s more , most of the time I only want one wibble .
So I end up doing something like this :
> foo ' :: Int ->
Int -> Result > foo ' numWibbles n = ... n ... numWibbles ... > > foo = foo ' 1
Great !
Now all my old code still works , and I can use foo ' whenever I want the extra control over the number of wibbles .
Well , this may seem great , but it ’s a slippery slope straight to code hell .
What happens when I realize that I also want to be able to specify whether the wibbles should be furbled or not ?
Well , I could do this :
> foo ' ' :: Bool -> Int -> Int -> Result > foo ' ' wibblesShouldBeFurbled numWibbles n = ... > > foo ' = foo ' '
False > > foo = foo ' 1
Yes , all my old code still works and I can now succesfully control the furblization if I so desire .
But at what cost ?
First of all , this is just … well , ugly .
Good luck trying to remember what foo '' does and what arguments it takes .
And what if I want to furble exactly one wibble ?
Well , I ’m stuck using foo ' '
True 1 because I ca n’t control the furblization without giving the number of wibbles explicitly .
Yes , I have actually done things like this .
In fact , this problem is quite apparent in the currently released version of my diagrams library .
For example :
hcat lays out a list of diagrams horizontally ;
lays out a list of diagrams horizontally ; hsep is like hcat , but takes another argument specifying the amount of space to place in between each diagram ;
is like , but takes another argument specifying the amount of space to place in between each diagram ; hsepA is like hsep , but takes yet another argument specifying the vertical alignment of the diagrams ;
is like , but takes yet another argument specifying the vertical alignment of the diagrams ; and do n’t even get me started on the distrib family of functions , which are like hcat and friends but put diagrams at evenly spaced intervals instead of putting a certain amount of space between each one …
You get the idea .
So , what ’s the solution ?
What I really want ( which you may have figured out by this point ) is optional , named arguments .
But Haskell does n’t have either !
What to do ?
I finally came up with an idea the other day … but then with a little Googling discovered that others have already thought of it .
I ’ve probably even read about it before , but I guess I did n’t need it back then so it did n’t stick !
Here ’s the idea , as explained by Neil Mitchell : put the optional arguments to a function in a custom data structure using record syntax , and declare a record with all the default arguments .
Then we can call our function using the default record , overriding whichever fields we want using record update syntax .
Of course , it ’s still annoying to have to remember which default record of arguments goes with which function ; but the icing on the cake is that we can use a type class to provide the default arguments automatically .
There ’s already a suitable type class on Hackage in the data - default package .
So now my code looks something like this :
> data FooOptions = FooOptions > { wibblesShouldBeFurbled :: Bool > , numWibbles :: Int > } > > instance Default FooOptions where > def = FooOptions False 1 > > ... foo def { wibblesShouldBeFurbled = True } ...
Nice .
It might even be cool to define with as a synonym for def , to allow the natural - sounding
> ... foo with { numWibbles = 4 } ...
Of course , this is n’t perfect ; if Haskell had real records it might be a bit nicer .
For one thing this tends to result in a bit of namespace pollution : I ca n’t have another function which also takes an option called numWibbles since it will clash with the one in FooOptions !
But this is still a giant improvement over the code I used to write .
Submitted by cpowell on Fri , 2010-04-02 03:49 .
11:45 p ET Thursday , April 1 , 2010
Dear Friend of GATA and Gold ( and Silver ) :
King World
News today received more detail about yesterday 's attack on its Internet site , which happened soon after the posting of Eric King 's half - hour interview with GATA Chairman Bill Murphy , board member Adrian Douglas , and your secretary / treasurer about last week 's hearing of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
The major Internet hosting company that maintains the King World News site reported to King World News : " Your hosting account is the target of a distributed denial of service attack .
To protect the network resources , we have temporarily placed your Web site behind a network filter .
Once the attack has ended , service will be restored to normal .
... Computers were attacking your account . "
Wikipedia says a distributed denial - of - service attack " is an attempt to make a computer resource unavailable to its intended users .
Although the means to carry out , motives for , and targets of a DDoS attack may vary , it generally consists of the concerted efforts of a person or people to prevent an Internet site or service from functioning efficiently or at all , temporarily or indefinitely . "
... Dispatch continues below ...
ADVERTISEMENT
Prophecy Resource Corp. Appoints Rob McEwen to Advisory Board
Prophecy Resource Corp. ( TSX.V : PCY , OTC : PCYRF ) is pleased to announce the appointment of Rob McEwen to the company 's Advisory Board .
McEwen is a leading Canadian mining industry entrepreneur .
He is the chairman and CEO of U.S. Gold Corp. and Minera Andes Inc. McEwen was the founder and former chairman and CEO of Goldcorp Inc. , whose Red Lake Mine in northwestern Ontario , Canada , is considered to be the richest gold mine in the world .
During his tenure at Goldcorp , McEwen transformed the company from a collection of small companies into a mining powerhouse , growing its market capitalization from $ 50 million to approximately $ 8 billion .
For Prophecy Resource Corp.'s complete statement :
http://www.prophecyresource.com/news_2010_mar11b.php
Eric King told GATA today , " We are on one of the top grid server systems in the world , where traffic is not an issue , and this has never happened before .
This was a case of an entity needing to silence the messenger . "
No Internet site has given as much voice to GATA and other pro-gold and free - market advocates as King World News has , so given the scope of the attack on the the King World News Internet site , it is hard not be awfully suspicious about it .
King 's interview with Murphy , Douglas , and your secretary / treasurer can be found here :
http://www.kingworldnews.com/kingworldnews/Broadcast/Entries/2010/3/31_G...
Meanwhile , GATA 's friend Trace Mayer , proprietor of RunToGold.com , reports that his March 28 commentary on last week 's hearing of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission --
http://www.runtogold.com/2010/03/cftc-gold-and-silver-hearing-is-old-new...
-- was followed by a similarly massive attack on RunToGold 's Internet server .
" To handle spikes in traffic , " Mayer says , " I am on an expensive enterprise - level cloud server with a company that handles hosting for some of the big dogs , like Sony and Toyota , and my server got hammered .
The site was down for 2 1/ 2 hours , from about noon to 2:30 p PT on March 30 .
There were no issues with my hosting provider and it appears we have everything under control now .
I have never had an issue like this before .
Anyway , it looks like we have someone 's attention .
Keep yanking on that tail . "
GATA indeed will keep yanking on that tail but our friends also risk getting bitten .
We 're grateful to them for that .
CHRIS POWELL , Secretary / Treasurer
Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee Inc .
* * *
Support GATA by purchasing a colorful GATA T - shirt :
http://gata.org/tshirts
Or a colorful poster of GATA 's full - page ad in The Wall Street Journal on January 31 , 2009 :
http://gata.org/node/wallstreetjournal
Or a video disc of GATA 's 2005 Gold Rush 21 conference in the Yukon :
http://www.goldrush21.com/
* * *
Help keep GATA going
GATA is a civil rights and educational organization based in the United States and tax - exempt under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code .
Its e-mail dispatches are free , and you can subscribe at :
http://www.gata.org
To contribute to GATA , please visit :
http://www.gata.org/node/16
ADVERTISEMENT
Preliminary Feasibility Study Completed for Seabridge Gold's KSM Project Study Reports Reserves of 30.2 Million Oz. Gold , 7 Billion Lbs. Copper ,
133 Million Oz Silver , 210 Million Lbs. Molybdenum Base Case Life of Mine Cash Operating Costs Estimated at $ 144 / oz .
Gold Produced
( Net of Base Metal Credits )
Toronto -- Seabridge Gold Inc. has announced results from a National Instrument 43 -101 compliant preliminary feasibility study of its 100 - percent owned KSM project in northern British Columbia , Canada .
The study was prepared by Wardrop , a Tetra Tech company , a major international engineering and consulting firm .
Seabridge President and CEO Rudi Fronk says , " The study confirms that the KSM project now hosts the largest gold reserve in Canada and one of the largest in the world .
KSM is projected to provide an extraordinary mine life of more than 35 years with estimated cash operating costs well below the current average of the major gold producers .
Estimated capital costs are in line with those of comparable , large - scale , undeveloped gold - copper projects and KSM has the advantage of being located in a low - risk jurisdiction . "
For the complete Seabridge Gold statement :
http://www.seabridgegold.net/readmore.php?newsid=283
So , this morning Cif posted an open thread inviting you , Guardian readers and users , to share your views with us about who or what the Guardian should support in the election editorial that will be published sometime before Thursday 6 May .
The purpose of this " have your say " was to open up , as far as we could , an important bit of Guardian tradition : the editor 's meeting at which all Guardian journalists can air their views of what the leader line should be , before the leader writers retire to some hallowed inner sanctum to compose whatever oracular statement the Guardian finally makes on the subject .
Your response was spectacular .
Between 7.30 am and the start of the meeting at 1.15 pm , in excess of 1,200 comments were posted .
At the time of writing , the total stands at more than 1,500 .
Even a cursory skim through the thread will tell you two things .
While this is no scientific sample ( and no opinion poll ) , an overwhelming majority of commenters urged the Guardian to back the Liberal Democrats .
But just as significantly , the key reason why most of those who posted wish to see that is – necessarily summarising and simplifying hundreds of fascinating contributions – because you want to see real political change , vitally including electoral reform .
And to most of you , Nick Clegg 's Liberal Democrats look like that change or the best bet for it .
That was the message we Ciffers took into the meeting – in the Guardian 's Scott Room , whose walls were lined with sheets displaying a selection of your comments from the thread .
With at least 200 people in the room , one issue at least was immediately clear : the air conditioning was n't up to the job .
As is also traditional at such gatherings , the Guardian 's instinct for democracy and egalitarianism wars with an obscure combination of deference to the senior editors and columnists and an " I 'll - sit - at - the - back - of - the - class " rebelliousness .
This tension gets resolved in a delicate hierarchical compromise , with inner circle chairs occupied by the big beasts , with some secondary ranks behind , and then a standing crowd of silent spectators and occasionally noisy dissenters .
The editor , Alan Rusbridger , kicked off proceedings by reminding us why we were there – to honour the unique institution in Fleet Street of a news media organisation , independent and not beholden to proprietor or shareholders , holding such a consultative , " sounding - board " meeting with staff about such a central question of editorial policy .
He then laid out seven areas of policy and principle to guide discussion : the economy , constitutional reform , foreign policy , public services , social justice , the environment and civil liberties .
From here , I 'm observing Chatham House rules and not attributing remarks , but will try to summarise and give you a flavour of the debate .
On the economy , the discussion focused on Labour 's record : on the one hand , its management of the recession has been creditable and things could have been so much worse ; on the other hand , the responsibility for the regulatory failures during the previous decade 's boom is largely Labour 's too .
The bottom line , though , is that Labour is still the most redistributive party – for all its failures and timidity on that score .
As one said ( you might guess who ) : " Labour always remembers the poorest , " whereas , historically , the Liberal Democrats are a party of the centre that looks out for the middle strata of society and tackling poverty is not in their DNA , as it is for Labour .
It was then that Michael White ( no comment attributed , so I 'm going to tell you ) diverted everyone by starting to tear up a copy of the Financial Times as someone was speaking .
It was n't that he was bored and resorting to origami ; he just wanted to clip an article for the editor that showed that more Guardian readers intend to vote Tory than vote Green .
Jumping to foreign policy , a consensus soon emerged that the Guardian 's editorial positions are most closely aligned , of all the three parties , with the Liberal Democrats ' prospectus .
On Europe , especially , Cameron 's Conservatives are a cause for concern , in contrast to a more realist Liberal Democrat attitude than in past times .
Clegg 's scepticism on replacing Trident suited many , too ; and on Britain 's role in the world , a less fetishistic attitude towards the " special relationship " with the US , and human rights , the Lib Dems tick Guardian boxes that Labour leaves blank .
Brown 's attack on Clegg in the leaders ' debate for being " anti-American " seemed clumsy and ill - judged , it was said ; after all , it was only the Liberal Democrats , of the main parties , who had shared the Guardian 's opposition to the Iraq war .
Moving to public services , the debate was wide open .
There is doubt about Labour 's centralised mode of delivery and its target - driven record .
Have people had enough of the big state , and are both the Tories and Lib Dems more in tune with the public mood by promising more devolved services and local control ?
As one said : " Labour has real achievements , but there are big questions to answer . "
On the other hand , the older hands at the Guardian – and among the electorate – still have the memory of past recessions under Conservative governments when cuts in public spending were harsh and not " humane " .
A voice from the standing contingent also observed crisply that , whatever Clegg and Cable might say about public spending , there is plenty of evidence of Liberal Democrats in local government being anything but liberal in their approach to services and cuts .
Constitutional reform energised discussion .
A senior web editor observed that not just in today 's open thread , but throughout our election coverage , there has been an incredibly high level of engagement from users and the dominant theme has been the desire for change and reform – for a new politics .
Labour did push through devolution a decade ago , and has done plenty of constitutional tinkering since , but the party is a late and lukewarm convert to voting reform .
Where the Guardian has long been on political reform ( in some areas , for more than a century ) , there also , by and large , are the Liberal Democrats .
And on civil liberties , which the Guardian has championed , most recently through liberty central , the Lib Dems score a home run , it was agreed .
On the environment , the verdict is that Labour has come late to the party , but have finally started to get things done – slowly building a new green economy , with jobs and growth in the renewable energy industry , for instance .
There was a feeling , too , that however strongly Cameron had run on the environmental message in the early days of his leadership , he has not ultimately succeeded in selling that message to substantial portions of his party base and hierarchy .
Again , the Liberal Democrats have long been on the right ground on the environment – although , as a senior editor observed , their opposition to nuclear power is hard to square with Britain 's commitment to cutting carbon emissions .
At that point , discussion of the big policy areas came to a close – although not before the point had been raised that we had barely discussed the issue that has , for the public , dominated the election campaign coverage , galvanised by the leaders ' debates : the personalities of the three leaders themselves and their relative merits .
The editor moved the debate on to the decisive questions of how to translate the Guardian 's values and principles into a succinct editorial message – as he put it , separating the matters of principle from the pragmatic issue of how to reconcile them with the First Past the Post system we have .
Opening , one said there was " a consensus in favour of some form of ' Lib - Lab - ery ' " ; as another then chimed , " If there were a box [ on the ballot paper ] you could tick , it would be for a hung parliament – but you can't vote for that . "
So immediately , we were into the mechanics of how to get the reform we all want ( no one was mounting a defence of First Past the Past , for instance ) .
But how to address the question of " progressive alliances " and tactical voting in the most unpredictable , poised and unstable general election in decades ?
There was a strong feeling from several quarters that the Guardian should not necessarily plump for one party over another , but instead , in tune with what feels like the public mood , " vote with our values " – say that we want change and reform , and leave it to voters to decide the rest .
And this is where your Cif representatives in the room spoke up to convey a sense of what you had been telling us , reading from the thread : strong support for the Liberal Democrats , not necessarily to see them in government and Nick Clegg as prime minister , but with a powerful current of desire for a new politics – the resurgent great theme of the last year .
Some election veterans and harder - headed realists wanted to see a firmer message in favour of Labour , on the grounds that there is a real risk that a collapse in Labour 's vote , even with a big turnout for the Liberal Democrats , would be most likely to deliver a minority Conservative government or even a majority for Cameron .
What is certain , though , is that creating at least some kind of window for the world to this internal Guardian exercise brought an even greater sense of energy and engagement to an already unexpectedly exciting election .
Thank you for sharing your views with us .
The Guardian 's election leader will be written and published in the newspaper and here on Comment is free later next week .
But if , in the meantime , you have any bright ideas about how to manage the electoral mechanics to ensure the optimal outcome for the reform we all want – and then how to express that with clarity and conviction in an editorial – please post below .
All ideas welcome .
• More Guardian election comment from Cif at the polls
Join Thousands Of Betfilter Users !
Betfilter has helped thousands of people on their way to overcome problem gambling and gain control of their life .
With Betfilter you get access to an effective and discrete software solution , that will help you stop gambling online …
Your Financial Checklist for April
We ’re a week into April , but it ’s never too late to get started on good financial goals .
April is an especially good month to think about your taxes ( especially if you have n’t been to this point ) .
If you are considering a financial checklist for April , here are 6 items to place on it .
1. File Your Tax Return
This is an obvious one .
You ’ve only got a week , so get on it .
You should file your tax return by April 15 .
If you ’re too far behind to get this done , you can file an extension .
You do n’t have to have a reason ; all you have to do is fill out IRS Form 4868 .
Anyone can get an extension to file their tax return , extending the due date out to October 15 .
However , it is vital that you realize that you still have to pay your taxes .
You are required to estimate how much you will owe and pay that by April 15 – or face interest and other financial penalties .
2. Use Your Tax Return Wisely
If you have been using your tax return as a sort of savings account , now is a good time to consider what you will spend it on .
Instead of buying something you probably do n’t need , think about padding your emergency fund or adding a little extra to your retirement account .
At the very least , pay down some debt with your tax return .
Then , adjust your tax withholding at work so that you are n’t giving the government an interest - free loan all year .
You could be putting that money to work for you instead .
3. Plan Ahead for Tax Season 2010
Now is a good time to consider the tax moves you can make in 2010 .
Consider the tax credits ( like the green home improvement credit ) that are set to expire at the end of this year .
Look at your money habits , and determine whether or not you can do some things this year that will result in greater tax efficiency .
Plan ahead , and you can reduce your tax liability for 2010 .
You may wish to discuss your 2010 plan with your financial planner as well .
4. Contribute to an IRA
You have until April 15 to make a 2009 IRA contribution .
So , if you want the deduction that comes with a Traditional IRA contribution , you can get it .
You can even open a traditional IRA and get a deduction for what you put in .
Make sure you understand the limits , though .
A tax professional or financial adviser can help you determine what might be the best course of action for you .
5. Start Planning Your Summer Vacation
Now is the time to look for deals for your summer vacation .
Get early booking discounts , and consider your options .
You can put together a summer vacation package for your family now , and save money in the long run .
If you need to save up for your vacation , now is a good time to decide how much you need to set aside , and make a financial plan for reaching your summer vacation goals .
6. Shop the Seasonal Sales
This is the perfect month for shopping for certain items .
Digital cameras , computers and lawn mowers are usually on sale during the month of April .
If you are interested in getting some new tech , now may be the time .
You can get the older models that stores are clearing out to make room for the new technology .
Last year ’s lawn mowers are also on sale ahead of the new arrivals for summer yard work .
Finally , you can get a discount on spring clothing .
Also , check the clearance racks for winter clothing from this past season .
Now is a great time to stock up for next winter .
Let us know if you think we should add another task to this checklist .
Any other financial moves you are planning to make this month ?
“ Figuring out how to make good on our promise to stop censoring search on google .cn has been hard , ” David Drummond , Google ’s chief legal officer , wrote in the blog post .
“ The Chinese government has been crystal clear throughout our discussions that self - censorship is a nonnegotiable legal requirement . ”
Mr. Drummond said that Google ’s search engine based in Hong Kong would provide mainland users results in the simplified Chinese characters used on the mainland and that he believed it was “ entirely legal . ”
“ We very much hope that the Chinese government respects our decision , ” Mr. Drummond said , “ though we are well aware that it could at any time block access to our services . ”
Some Western analysts say Chinese regulators could retaliate against Google by blocking its Hong Kong or American search engines entirely , just as it blocks YouTube , Facebook and Twitter .
Google ’s decision to scale back operations in China ends a nearly four - year bet that Google ’s search engine in China , even if censored , would help bring more information to Chinese citizens and loosen the government ’s controls on the Web .
Image A Chinese flag flies next to the Google company logo outside the Google China headquarters in Beijing on Monday .
Credit ... Liu Jin/ Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Instead , specialists say , Chinese authorities have tightened their grip on the Internet in recent years .
In January , Google said it would no longer cooperate with government censors after hackers based in China stole some of the company ’s source code and even broke into the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights advocates .
“ It is certainly a historic moment , ” said Xiao Qiang of the China Internet project at the University of California , Berkeley .
“ The Internet was seen as a catalyst for China being more integrated into the world .
The fact that Google cannot exist in China clearly indicates that China ’s path as a rising power is going in a direction different from what the world expected and what many Chinese were hoping for . ”
A Young Girl on LSD Freaks Out Before Her Flight at Logan Airport .
Boston , Massachusetts - Jet Blue - Gate C - March 12th 2010
Notes :
The Blanche de Chambly label features the icon of the city where it is brewed : Fort Chambly .
It was converted from a wooden barricade used for fighting against the Iroquois in the middle of the XVII century into a stone fortress to combat the British army at the beginning of the XVIII century .
With notes of dried orange peel and coriander seeds , this brew is a worthy representative of classic Belgian - style white wheat beers .
To date , it has won more than 34 international medals , including being named “ The World ’s Best White Beer " on numerous occasions .
Unibroue is proud to brew the most popular white beer in Quebec .
Rug Store offers a huge selection of Kilim Rugs and Carpets .
View one of the most comprehensive collections of Persian Rugs , Turkish Rugs , Afghan Rugs , Kilim Stools , Kilim Cushions , Kilim Furniture , Rugs Cleaning and Rugs Repairs
When it comes to choosing the right carpets and rugs in London , UK , for your home and office spaces you can rely on us .
We have been providing an impeccable service for the last thirty - five years , showcasing oriental rugs and carpets , kilims and accessories and anything you can think of in terms of kilims and oriental products .
The collection comprises of more than 8000 authentic carpets , rugs and kilims which is undoubtedly the largest carpet and kilim collection in the UK .
With such an extensive collection of rugs and carpets and allied products , you can be rest assured that you would get the right one for your home and office .
Adorning your interior with an oriental touch that rightfully compliments the finesse of a modern household has been in fashion amongst the culture conscious circles .
All authentic oriental rugs and carpets are hand woven by the indigenous tribes of orient and they bere a stamp of the originality of the aesthetic perception of the orients .
In countries like India , Pakistan and Afghanistan the tradition of carpet weaving has been a part of a vibrant and dynamic culture since time immemorial and the skills and techniques had been handed down from one generation to the next .
The motifs and geometrical patterns have an antique feel due to their age old tradition that would enliven your interior space through a harmony of color , space and contours .
Besides the rugs , carpets and kilim runners , the other products that are available with us are kilim furniture , kilim cushion covers , lampshades , jijims , kilim stools , hand bags and what not .
All the products are original including the antique rugs that have been imported from countries like Turkey , Iran , Afghanistan , Pakistan and India .
Moreover , free consultations are provided for rugs cleaning and repair which guarantees a satisfactory answer to every query from our decades of experience .
Meet Einstein , the world 's smallest horse who weighs less than a newborn baby
This pint - sized stallion could be a record breaker as the world 's smallest foal .
The three - day old pinto stallion , called Einstein , is just 14 inches high and weighs only an incredible 6lbs .
Pint - sized : Einstein the pinto stallion weighed just 6lbs when he was born on Friday in Barnstead , New Hampshire
The diminutive horse was born in Barnstead , New Hampshire , on Friday at Tiz Miniature Horse Farm .
His tiny proportions may be more suitable for a human baby , but they are tiny for a horse , even a miniature breed like Einstein .
Horsing about :
The three - day - old foal , which could be the smallest horse ever born , is petted by a visitor at the miniature horse farm
Dr Rachel Wagner , Einstein 's co-owner , claims the Guinness Book of Records lists the smallest newborn horse as weighing just 9lbs .
Breeders say that unlike the current record holder , Thumbelina , Einstein shows no signs of dwarfism - he is just a tiny horse .
Measuring up : Co-owner Dr Rachel
Wagner holds a ruler up next to the tiny horse as he plays in a field
READER COMMENTS ON
" Greenwald : WikiLeaks Atrocity Video Reflects Routine U.S. Military Operations "
( 22 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... DanD said on 4/6/2010 @ 3:22 pm PT ...
" The key thing to remember when watching the WikiLeaks / Iraq video and reading about the Afghan massacre : THEY HATE US FOR OUR FREEDOMS !!! "
Wow , a " three - exclamation pointer ... !!! "
But it 's true , the " Towel - heads " and the " Hajis " of the world do hate us for our freedoms ... or at least the freedom expressed by America 's military to blow their friends and family all to hell in a handbasket , !!!
In the meantime , the pseudo - Christianite culture of America 's religiously insane braindead ( who are waiting to be nakedly lifted out of their clothes to sit at the right hand of Jebus ) continue to facilitate Satan by insisting that our military expand its genocide against all non-Caucasian children in the Middle East , past Pakistan , and continuing throughout Indonesia and beyond .
In the meantime , stupid America thinks that the things it does to others will never happen to itself .
But the world 's anger will be assuaged when Zionland finishes its covert takeover of America 's electronic and digital infrastructure , even as it has already conquered our Federal government .
I 'm talkin ' about the ability to shut down our nation 's nuclear deterrent .
When that happens , America will in fact be everybody else 's bitch , far beyond even what frequently happens to those young Iraqi preteens that America 's soldiers regularly rape .
Don'cha get it ?
Even more than Nazi Germany ever was , WE are the bad guys now .
DanD
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/6/2010 @ 3:35 pm PT ...
Yeah , that 's what we call winnin HEARTS and MINDS ... not really Creatin Terrists .
Watch LINK TV cuz you wo n't see this on NBC , ABC , CBS , or CNN anymore !
And do n't get me started on faux news .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/6/2010 @ 3:42 pm PT ...
We 're either civilized or we 're not people ... they are doing this in our name !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... MsKitty said on 4/6/2010 @ 3:46 pm PT ...
Did it never occur to the helicopter crew that if the men on the ground were hostiles that they might be hiding or taking aim at the helicopter .
Surely they were aware of its presence .
The continued shooting of unarmed men is incomprehensible .
If they really believed they were hostiles , they would have wanted to question them , would n't they ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/6/2010 @ 3:46 pm PT ...
And , with OUR TAX DOLLARS !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/6/2010 @ 3:55 pm PT ...
Where is the investigation into the 3.2 TRILLION missing from the pentagon and or dod that was announced by rumsfield 9/10/01 ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 4/6/2010 @ 5:14 pm PT ...
It 's a good thing noted military expert Glenn Greenwald weighed in .
Is n't he the one who got the Haditha story all wrong and still has not apologized to the affected parties ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 4/6/2010 @ 6:47 pm PT ...
Daleyrocks wrote @ 7 that Glenn Greenwald " got the Haditha story all wrong . "
Proof offered , none !
When are you going to learn , Daleyrocks , that The BRAD BLOG is not Patterico 's Pontifications ?
If you want to make some absurd wing - nut charge , back it up or shut up !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 4/6/2010 @ 7:19 pm PT ...
For those curious about Daleyrocks ' obtuse statement that Greenwald " got the Haditha story all wrong " and who would like to know first what the Haditha story is really about , I would recommend : " Massacre in Haditha : Eight Marines Charged With Killing 24 Iraqis . "
It appears that our Daleyrocks is relying upon the fact that military judges have dismissed charges brought against those who participated in the massacre .
See , " Haditha Massacre Victims ’ Kin Outraged as U.S. Marines Go Free .
While your typical wing - nut will cite such a Pentagon white - wash as " proof " that nothing untoward happened , in actuality , it only underscores the extent of U.S. culpability .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/6/2010 @ 9:29 pm PT ...
You know what no one 's saying about that Wikileaks video ?
The shots were from a helicopter , right ?
Well , the video shows these guys walking casually down the street .
They definitely knew there was a helicopter there , if it was within shooting distance they heard it , so therefore they did n't think the helicopter was going to shoot at them or they would have been running , and they definitely were n't shooting at the helicopter .
Correct ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/6/2010 @ 9:32 pm PT ...
IE : they heard the helicopter and thought nothing of it .
Or they would 've been running or shooting at the helicopter .
Is this correct ?
So , by walking casually , that shows they were n't acting like " the enemy " to the helicopter .
So why did the helicopter fire on them , then ?
Walking casually and not running or ducking or shooting at the helicopter tells me they saw the helicopter and / or at least heard it , and thought nothing odd of it or nothing combative about it .
And the helicopter opened fire on them !
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Alex said on 4/6/2010 @ 10:18 pm PT ...
What made it worse was that when people went to aide those that were shot , they were assumed to be hostiles ( since they did not have a red cross or red crescent on their sleeve ) .
Aiding someone that has been shot is not a sign of hostility it is a sign of compassion .
It seems that the some in the pentagon and military think nothing of destroying compassion .
What will it take to end these wars .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 4/6/2010 @ 11:18 pm PT ...
Ernie the Attorney -
If you had been reading and commenting on Greenwald 's blog when the Haditha story broke , as I was , you would have understood he blew it .
He swallowed the Islamist propaganda about the incident just the way most of the media lapped it up .
The latest Wikileaks video is just another example of the willingness of the left to believe absolutely the worst about our military at the drop of a hat , and guess what , Greenwald is leading the charge again .
Go to Directorblue or Mypetjawa and you 'll set blowup of still frames from the video showing RPGs in the hands of the Iraqis and other evidence confirming they were legitimate targets .
This is just another attempted smear job .
Congratulations , you fell for it .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... NYCartist said on 4/7/2010 @ 6:42 am PT ...
So , what are we , the people , going to do to stop it from continuing ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/7/2010 @ 6:48 am PT ...
daleyrocks says " The latest Wikileaks video is just another example of the willingness of the left to believe absolutely the worst about our military at the drop of a hat "
So , are you saying the video is a fake ?
And we should n't believe what we see on the video ?
What does " left " have to do with this video ?
Whistleblowers are assumed to be " left " ?
What are you talking about ?
If anyone exposes government corruption , they 're " left " ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 4/7/2010 @ 7:04 am PT ...
drocks4brains , is the laughter a " smear job " the inhuman glee they take in murdering journalists and other innocents , thats a smear job also ?
Or do u just have a problem when GG says it happens all the time , it 's what we do ?
This invasion has been illegal since the first lie of thousands was crafted and fed to the masses .
If the media was not neutered so completely and could cover this horrific crime like they did Vietnam things would be different .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 4/7/2010 @ 8:00 am PT ...
From " Ernie the attorney " to Daleyrocks , the empty - headed wing - nut .
No matter the topic , the question is the factual basis for one 's assertions .
In your comment # 7 , you made the bald claim that Glenn Greenwald got the Haditha facts wrong .
Yet you failed to provide a single " fact " to support that assertion .
In your comment # 13 you again fail to offer a single " fact " to back up your original bald assertion .
Instead , you back up the first bald assertion with a second --- the unsubstantiated claim that what Greenwald did was accept " Islamic propaganda . "
You offer not one " fact " to support this new " claim " but instead , without providing a link , claim that two sites with pictures of Iraqis holding RPGs somehow confirms that the 24 civilians killed in Haditha were " legitimate targets . "
The only thing you " proved , " Daleyrocks is that you did not read Massacre in Haditha : Eight Marines Charged With Killing 24 Iraqis , despite the fact that I spoon - fed you with the article / video by providing the link in comment # 9 .
Had you done so , my blinded - by - the - right friend , you would have understood how foolish it is to rely on still photos of Iraqis with RPGs in hand as against direct evidence that the Marines had gunned down scantily clad , unarmed civilians inside their homes .
As revealed by Aparishim Gosh , chief international correspondent for Time magazine who went to the site of the slaughter shortly after the Haditha massacre and interviewed a 9 year old survivor :
The Marines claim that they received small - arms fire from nearby homes and that they responded to this fire , they shot back , and then they went into the homes to try and flush out the bad guys , the terrorists who were in there .
It ’s clear from the video that those homes do n’t have any bullet marks outside , which would suggest that there was very little , if any , shooting by the Marines at the facades of these homes .
But there are lots of signs of bullets inside .
The victims told us that the Marines came in and they killed everybody inside .
In one house they threw a grenade into a kitchen .
That set off a propane tank and nearly destroyed the kitchen and killed several people in that home .
A video revealing that there were no bullet holes visible on the outside of the homes ; " lots of signs of bullets inside " is , Daleyrocks , what we call in law " evidence . "
It is not " Islamic propaganda . "
Then there is the following colloquy : AMY GOODMAN : Inside , you talked to — you have the description of a nine - year - old girl .
APARISIM GHOSH : Yes .
AMY GOODMAN : Tell us about her and her family and what she says happened .
APARISIM GHOSH : Well , she was indoors with her family when the explosion took place .
The explosion was loud enough to wake everybody up in the neighborhood .
AMY GOODMAN : The bomb that killed the Marine .
APARISIM GHOSH : The first explosion , yes .
And she says when she heard gunshots — of course , she ’s a child , she was frightened .
When the Marines stormed towards their home , her grandfather slipped into the next room , as is , apparently , was his custom to pray , to reach out for the family Koran and pray to God that this crisis would pass .
On this occasion , the Marines came into the home .
They entered the room where the grandfather was , and other members of the family , and killed him .
Is your prejudice against Muslims so great , Daleyrocks , that you would dismiss the words of a 9 - year old girl about the death of her grandfather as " Islamic propaganda " ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... DanD said on 4/7/2010 @ 9:19 am PT ...
Both Directorblue or Mypetjawa are gatekeeper Zionist sites where the internet trolls of Zionism 's war - criminal state go for comfort and technical support .
With the millions of stock photo closeups created during this ( as well as other ) conflict's for appropriate replacement available --- AND the magic of photoshop at their beck - n - call --- I would n't trust ANY of the propaganda posted on these sites .
A Google description of MYPETJAWA :
Apr 7 , 2010 ... A weblog comparing Muslims to Jawas and containing criticism and satire of Islamic traditions and beliefs .
DanD
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 4/7/2010 @ 10:29 am PT ...
Thanks , DanD .
It is truly revealing that Daleyrocks relies upon a pro-Zionist , Islamophobic propaganda site as the source of his misguided information .
Elsewhere , Daleyrocks sought to refute a Cornell University study on the increase in lethal strains of E coli in corn-fed cattle by relying upon a beef industry magazine .
Daleyrocks is an an ideologue .
His world view is based not on facts but beliefs .
It matters not to Daleyrocks whether the source of his information is tainted .
If it squares with his belief , it is true .
If not , it 's a lie .
What I find especially disturbing is that you will never see the likes of a Daleyrocks expressing concern about the very real threat of right - wing terrorism .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 4/8/2010 @ 12:12 am PT ...
What a sad state of affairs : our mercenary army is nothing but a bunch of cowardly , cold - blooded murderers , guys so dumb thdey think they 're just playing some video game , and it goes all the way to the top - in fact , I suspect that it 's a top - down phenomenon , starting , even more sadly , with our CINC .
I weep for our once at - least - not - too - barbaric land
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Lev said on 4/8/2010 @ 4:44 pm PT ...
" the " Obama administration is refusing to call for a new probe into the US military ’s killing of twelve Iraqis despite the public release of video footage capturing the attack on tape . "
Does this really surprise anyone ?
That Barack O'Bilderberg , the marionette of Wall Street tycoons and a warmonger who is just picking up where Bush and Cheney left off , would quash further investigation into it ?
He 's already invoked the state secrets privilege to cover up for his predecessors .
He 's left the CIA plenty of loopholes to still torture .
He 's not moving forward on closing Gitmo .
He 's in favor of keeping the Patriot Act .
He 's stated openly that the CIA still has the " right " to kidnap whomever it wants .
He 's ramped UP the gas pipeline war in Afghanistan .
Face it America :
You were bamboozled .
This guy is just a whore for the wealthy ruling elite and his purpose is to take the genuine desire for a change and a break with past government corruption , harness it and then run it straight into the ground .
He does what he 's told , period .
And he 's laughing all the way to the bank .
America , you 're only allowed to vote for conservatives .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Lev said on 4/8/2010 @ 4:48 pm PT ...
The stamps mark the sacrifices made on the Home Front during World War II
By Laura Pettigrew
Lanarkshire reporter , BBC Scotland news website
Young women who left their homes to work the land and feed the nation during World War II are among those being honoured in a new set of stamps .
Royal Mail is paying tribute to the Women 's Land Army , dubbed the Land Girls , with a special 1st class stamp .
It is part of a set of eight , entitled Britain Alone , which marks the sacrifices made on the Home Front .
Former land girl , Mona McLeod , 87 , launched the new stamps at the National Museum of Rural Life in Lanarkshire .
In 1940 , aged just 16 , she put her academic aspirations and a place at university on hold and spent the next five years ploughing , sowing and digging for victory on a dairy farm in Galloway .
We hope that this collection of stamps will serve as poignant reminder of how much the country was affected by the Second World War
Ian McKay
Royal Mail
She said : " I am delighted that Royal Mail has recognised the work of the Land Girls with this wonderful first class stamp .
" We were just one of the sections of British society who made sacrifices as part of the war effort . "
Elaine Edwards , senior curator at the National Museum of Rural Life , has been heavily involved in the campaign to ensure the role played by Scotland 's land girls and Lumber Jills , women employed to cut timber , is recognised .
She said : " This is well overdue .
These girls often left home for the first time , at a very young age , and gave up , to some extent , part of their youth to contribute to feeding the country and supplying it with timber for the troops and railways , jobs that men had traditionally been doing .
Mona McLeod , 87 , worked on a farm in Galloway during WWII
Land Girl recalls life on a farm " Until relatively recently their worth really has not been recognised .
" Had it not been for these girls the nation could have potentially been in very difficult times . "
In 2007 the UK government announced there was to be formal recognition of the contribution made be the Women 's Land Army and Women 's Timber Corps with an official badge .
An ongoing exhibition at National War Museum in Edinburgh highlights their efforts and the National Farmers Union Scotland is also currently running a campaign to raise £ 60,000 to build a memorial to the Scottish Land Girls .
The new stamps remember the sacrifices of the British people in 1940 when the country stood isolated after the Dunkirk evacuation .
They also feature civil defence organisations like the Home Guard , women who worked in factories , air raid wardens , and young evacuees .
Ian McKay , Scottish affairs director with Royal Mail Group said : " We hope that this collection of stamps will serve as poignant reminder of how much the country was affected by the Second World War and remind later generations of the huge contribution people like Mona McLeod made to the war effort . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Advertisement
Mac only : Multiple monitors do great things for your desktop space , but your menu bar sticks to one screen .
If you 're looking for more menu access , free utility SecondBar puts one at the top of each monitor .
As veteran Mac users know , each application 's menu fills in the menu bar at the top of the desktop , not the window of the app itself , as in a Windows desktop .
When you have a lot of apps open in different spots , it becomes inconvenient to access an app 's preferences or deeper features with a mouse .
SecondBar adds a customizable menu bar to your second , third , or tenth monitor , letting you keep your focus on one screen at a time .
Advertisement
SecondBar has all the features of OS X's built - in menu bar , along with being drag - able and having the half - and - half resizing features of Windows 7 's Aero Snap .
The app is still in its super - early development stage , but it seems stable enough for regular use at the moment , and more features appear in the works .
Snap Any Window to Half the Screen Size in Windows 7 Click to view We 're on a Windows 7 screencast bender !
You 've already seen Windows 7's Aero Shake … Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
SecondBar is a free download , Mac OS X only .
Thanks , Douglas !
SecondBar
Is This the Future of Journalism ?
This week marked the international coming - out party for a new media organization that could upend the sacred cows of traditional journalism .
Wikileaks , an Internet - savvy investigative journalism outfit , released a video showing an American Apache helicopter open fire on a group of men , killing two Reuters employees , along with 10 other people , on July 12 , 2007 .
" There was no threat warranting a hail of 30 mm [ caliber gunfire ] from above , " says Anthony Martinez , a former U.S. Army noncommissioned officer who has watched thousands of hours of aerial footage of Iraq .
The video , seen through the perspective of the Apache gun camera , captures a dark moment in the Iraq war .
As the American airmen chuckle over the body count , it also amounts to a damning indictment of war culture .
No traditional journalism organization was able to bring it to the public , as these tapes are normally classified ; Reuters filed an FOIA request but never received a response .
True to its promise to release complete source material , Wikileaks has posted the full 38 - minute gun camera video on YouTube .
But the focus of its Monday press conference was an annotated , 19 - minute edited version , published on the site collateralmurder.com .
It opens with a quote from British provocateur - cum - journalist George Orwell :
Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable , and to give the appearance of solidity to pure wind .
The video proceeds to transcribe the radio chatter and break down the action with highlights and arrows .
A group of men gather in the street ; one reporter talks on the phone and another shoulders a camera bag .
Seconds later , the pilots , mistaking a camera lens peeking around a corner for an RPG , strafe a cluster of civilians .
That is almost forgivable .
But events turn from queasy to horrifying when the crew open fire on an unarmed van that has stopped to pick up the journalist left alive .
As Wikileaks shows in a closeup , two children sitting in the front seat of the van were struck by the barrage of gunfire .
The video was sensational , and it exploded online Monday — it ’s since gotten more than 2 million views on YouTube and prompting a follow - up story by the New York Times .
Many viewers were undoubtedly encountering Wikileaks for the first time , though the organization was launched in December 2006 .
The site , which is funded by private donors and does not accept government or corporate funding , encourages would - be whistleblowers to upload incriminating material anonymously on its website .
The small editorial staff verifies submitted documents , decrypts or translates them when necessary , and then publishes them in full — often with commentary .
This is not to imply that Wikileaks ’ editors are merely passive distributors of their sources ’ information .
They cultivate and protect anonymous sources , verify submitted materials , add context , and promote important leaks .
In the case of the Iraq gun-camera footage , the process began with using volunteers to help decrypt the submitted file .
Then they worked with Icelandic journalist Kristinn Hrafnsson to verify the video on the ground in Baghdad .
Hrafnsson says he found the two children who were injured in the attack , and Wikileaks has posted recent pictures and other documents .
The whole story cost the organization about U.S. $ 50,000 , according to Julian Assange , the site ’s co-founder .
Assange describes Wikileaks as pioneering a revolutionary model for bringing previously hidden material to light .
" The mainstream press is , per capita , not competitive with Wikileaks in terms of sourcing , " he says .
The diffuse , international nature of the organization has protected Wikileaks from the fate of other organizations that seek to expose wrongdoing by powerful interests .
It prints no paper , but instead stores its articles online in Sweden , where journalists are required by law not to reveal sources .
Its domain name , wikileaks.org , is registered in California , where the ACLU and the Electronic Frontier Foundation intervened when an aggrieved Swiss bank tried shut the site down .
Still , some are skeptical of using Wikileaks as a blueprint for a new , hard - hitting form of journalism .
" What happened is obviously not right , " says Martinez , who estimates that he watched real - time video from about 50 Apache engagements during his two tours in Iraq .
However , he takes issue with Wikileaks ’ presentation of the events , claiming that the footage definitely shows at least one man loitering with an RPG and another with an AK - 47 — though he notes that carrying an AK - 47 in the street was hardly unusual in Baghdad during the summer of 2007 .
Neither weapon is highlighted in the Wikileaks video .
" These two guys , they look pretty armed to me , " he says .
" That ’s completely ignored . "
Yet , we would n’t be seeing the guns at all if not for a sustained campaign by Wikileaks .
At its best , the rise of Wikileaks represents the type of accountability journalism made famous in the 1970s by Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward of Watergate fame , and practiced today by Jane Mayer of the New Yorker and Eric Lichtblau and James Risen of the New York Times — and Seymour Hersh in both eras .
Wikileaks , however , makes no bones about its desire to advance a political message , promising sources that their material will be used for " maximal political impact . "
Assange says that he hopes Wikileaks ’ work on this case will lead to " world - wide attention to the issue , and hopefully a renewed investigation into those events , and a change in government policy . "
Assange writes initial analyses and stories from leaked material himself , and there ’s often a Noam Chomsky - esque critique of America in his work .
It ’s clear he distrusts big corporations and governments .
He has more reason to do so than most , having lived and worked in Kenya , where he has helped to expose hundreds of government - sponsored extrajudicial assassinations .
Two of his colleagues were killed in March 2009 , in an attack some have linked to the Kenyan police .
Wikileaks ’ editors are definitely outspoken , but they ca n’t quite be accused of partisanship .
They released the evidence of toxic waste dumping , which The Guardian had been barred from running , but also posted the so - called " climategate " emails from the University of East Anglia in November 2009 , mere weeks before the Copenhagen talks .
They ’ve also leaked the confidential creditor list of collapsed Icelandic Bank Kaupthing , Australia ’s secret blacklist of censored URLs , and more than 500,000 pager messages from New York City on the morning of September 11 , 2001 .
Despite these public - interest successes , Wikileaks ’ disregard for gag orders and their unabashed advocacy makes full - throated praise for the organization rare .
Yet no journalist I ’ve spoken to will speak ill of Wikileaks in private : Every reporter understands that Wikileaks is the thin end of the wedge .
If they ca n’t run a dangerous story , no one can .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Monday vetoed a measure that would have banned smoking at state parks and beaches , calling it “ an improper intrusion of government into people ’s lives . ”
Schwarzenegger , whose cigar habit led him to build a smoking tent at the state Capitol , said in his veto message that the proposed regulation , which would have been the most far - reaching tobacco legislation in the nation , went too far .
Such rules should be left up to cities , counties and local park officials , the governor said .
“ There is something inherently uncomfortable about the idea of the state encroaching in such a broad manner on the people of California , ” the veto message said .
“ This bill crosses an important threshold between state power … and local decision - making . ”
The measure , SB 4 by state Sen. Jenny Oropeza ( D - Long Beach ) , would have allowed a $ 100 fine to be levied against those cited for smoking in designated areas at 278 state beaches and parks .
But it would have allowed people to light up in parking lots and campgrounds .
“ I ’m sorry the governor did not agree with this widely supported effort to increase public awareness about the environmental threats carelessly tossed cigarettes are doing to our marine life and to the great outdoors , ” Oropeza said .
The restrictions were needed for “ clear environmental , fire safety and health reasons , ” she said .
patrick.mcgreevy@latimes.com
Whiskey Dick’s
Address
2660 Lake Tahoe Blvd # A
South Lake Tahoe , CA 96150- 7718
( 530 ) 544-3425
Overview
Whiskey Dick ’s functions as the rebellious , punk - rock teenager of South Lake Tahoe ’s bar brigade .
Let your adolescent angst and edgy attitude radiate in this venue , as you prowl the pool tables , dart boards , and pinball machines .
Here at Whiskey Dick ’s , it is completely accepted to throw a youthful , bad - tempered fit upon losing an intense game of shuffleboard .
Blame your new found lazy , apathetic disposition for your stuck - in - your - seat happenstance as you pay for neighboring Fat City ’s grub , delivered directly to your bar stool .
Whiskey Dick ’s has something for the masculine young adult in all of us , from the 100 plus drinks offered by a hip , tatted up bartender , to the vintage pin-up playing cards discretely placed within the glass top bar .
Happy Hour
Monday – Friday 3 - 7 p.m.
$ 1 off all domestic draft beers and well drinks
Weekly Specials
Everyday , enjoy $ 1.50 Pabst Blue Ribbon , Olympia , Hamms and Keystone as well as rotating shot specials
Tuesdays
Pool tournaments
Wednesdays
DJ spinning punk - rock music
Thursdays
DJ spinning reggae music
Fridays
Live band
Saturdays
Live band
The first impressions of the latest MyTouch device are in , and positive .
If you have been doubting the MyTouch 3G Slide at all , you should reconsider , especially when full reviews come in .
PhoneDog – “ I got a chance to check the phone out over lunch with some T - Mo reps last week , and in a word I came away very , very impressed and excited for myTouch Slide to launch … .
I mean , c’mon : Finally an Android device with a hard QWERTY I think I can get behind , and it ’s got all of these other tricks up its sleeve , too ?
How could I not be excited ? ”
MobileCrunch – “ In a perfect world , every phone would be like the T - Mobile MyTouch Slide .
It ’s small , it ’s light , it has a keyboard , and it ’s easy enough for almost everyone to use even if it ’s running one of the most powerful mobile OSes out there . ”
Engadget – “ We had a chance to play around with the handset a bit , and there ’s quite a bit about it that ’s an improvement over previous T - Mobile Android offering ”
Gizmodo – “ The myTouch 3G Slide could go either way : A family - friendly Android phone with an awesome Sidekick -y keyboard , or , much like its name , a godawful conglomeration of disjointed parts . ”
Pictures after the break !
Engadget
MyTouch Slide and Droid Compared
Mobile Crunch
For many diabetics , the unpleasant chore of drawing blood several times a day in order to check blood glucose levels is a part of life .
Efforts to develop devices that can test blood glucose without the need to repeatedly prick fingers have faltered thus far due to questions about accuracy as well as complaints about skin irritation .
One company is hoping to solve these problems with a biochemical sensor that adheres to the skin like a bandage and sends continuous blood glucose readings to a handheld wireless device .
A proper blood glucose level is essential to one 's health , especially for diabetics , whose bodies either produce none or too little of the glucose - regulating hormone insulin .
Because high blood glucose levels can lead to a long list of serious health problems — glaucoma , nerve damage and heart disease , to name a few — diabetics must test their glucose levels several times each day , typically using a lancing device to pierce a fingertip and draw blood .
Echo Therapeutics , based in Franklin , Mass. , is developing a wireless , needle - free transdermal continuous glucose monitoring system called Symphony tCGM for diabetics ( there are nearly 24 million in the U.S. ) and for use in hospital critical care units .
Symphony tCGM has three basic components : a Prelude SkinPrep System — a device roughly the size and shape of an electric nose - hair clipper — that shaves away the dead outermost surface of the skin ( microdermabrasion ) , leaving a dime - size spot ; a glucose biosensor that is applied there ( generally on the chest or upper back ) ; and a wireless handheld device that reads glucose levels from the biosensor .
As the Prelude removes skin and hair that could interfere with the biosensor 's reading , it passes tiny electric pulses into the skin , says Echo Therapeutics chairman and CEO Patrick Mooney .
Based on the response to these pulses , the Prelude can determine when it has reached live underlying skin cells that allow the biosensor to provide a more accurate reading .
The patient then applies the disk - shaped biosensor to the patch of skin prepped by the Prelude .
The membrane on the biosensor 's surface detects glucose as it diffuses out of the body 's capillaries .
The sensor contains an enzyme that reacts with the glucose and relays the indication as an electric signal .
The impulse passes wirelessly to a handheld device , which records the information and monitors the readings .
Each sensor can be used for two days before being replaced by a fresh one , and then either used in the same spot or another Prelude - treated location .
Tufts Medical Center in Boston spent several years as a clinical site testing Echo's Symphony tCGM .
" We frequently during surgery take blood samples for instantaneous testing " of blood glucose levels , regardless of whether the patient is diabetic , says Michael England , the center 's chief of adult cardiac anesthesia .
Continuous monitoring is particularly important during surgery because patient insulin levels vary .
" Regular insulin we give people during surgery could take 45 minutes to an hour to take effect , " he says .
England co-authored ( along with three Echo researchers ) a July 2008 study in the Journal of Diabetes Science and Technology indicating the accuracy of Symphony 's blood glucose measurements was comparable with the more common practice of drawing and testing blood samples .
This finding was consistent with the results of a Symphony tCGM study that Echo announced in November .
Using about 900 Symphony tCGM glucose readings paired with reference blood glucose measurements ( taken using blood samples ) , Echo claimed its technology was 97 percent accurate .
Beyond its potential impact on surgery and daily diabetes maintenance , England says continuous glucose monitoring might help doctors better understand insulin and how it works in the body .
About 50 million people worldwide use insulin , according to the Joslin Diabetes Center in Boston .
The only " noninvasive " glucose meter to have received U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approval is no longer on the market .
In 2001 Cygnus , Inc. , won FDA approval for its GlucoWatch , which was worn like a wristwatch and designed to be used in conjunction with conventional blood testing to track trends and patterns in a patient 's glucose levels .
The GlucoWatch administered a small electrical charge into the wrist to bring glucose to the skin surface where it could be measured every 10 minutes .
The device , however , was discontinued in 2007 after complaints about its accuracy and that it caused skin irritation in some users .
Echo is trying to succeed where the GlucoWatch did not by improving the technology 's ability to permeate a patient 's skin , Robert Langer , an institute professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( M.I.T. ) , wrote in an e-mail to Scientific American .
Langer would know — the basic premise of Symphony tCGM is based on ultrasonic transdermal drug delivery technology that Echo licensed from him about a decade ago .
Langer 's technology focused on administering drugs without needles and even received FDA approval to administer Lidocaine cream , a local anesthetic made by Ferndale Pharmaceuticals , Ltd. With Symphony tCGM , Echo is essentially testing whether this process can safely be reversed to read blood glucose levels .
Glucose monitoring is extremely important to diabetics , to the extent that even somewhat invasive systems — including those that lance a patient 's fingertips to draw blood — are used by millions and have sales in the billions , according to Langer .
" Everyone I speak to in the diabetes field feels ( transdermal monitoring is ) very badly needed , " he adds .
England cautions , however , that finding an effective transdermal continuous glucose monitoring system is just one step in controlling diabetes .
There still is no consensus on what constitutes the " right " glucose level in different patients , he says .
Until that is determined , the benefit of having tighter control over blood glucose levels is an " open question , " he adds .
" We have n't had the technology to study this for any length of time . "
Death does not become us – in ecological terms .
More than 600,000 people die in the UK each year , all but a tiny proportion opting for a ( single- use ) wooden or MDF coffin .
Some 70 - 75 % are dispatched via cremation , which has a big carbon footprint , not to mention the toxic chemicals created by the heating process and the harmful mercury vapour generated by incinerating tooth fillings .
Meanwhile , burial takes up space and resources , and can pollute the ground with formaldehyde .
" We urgently need a non-burial alternative that achieves what cremation achieves , " says Scottish biochemist Sandy Sullivan .
He 's devoting his time on earth to convincing us that his Resomation system , an " accelerated version of the body decomposition hydrolysis found in nature " , is the answer .
The Resomator is a pressurised chamber that liquefies rather than burns ( the unit is made by a family engineering firm in Leeds ) .
The body is immersed in a diluted alkaline solution and rapidly heated ; within three hours it is turned to white ash .
The Resomator has a carbon footprint four times smaller than that of a typical cremation process , there are no dioxin emissions , amalgam mercury is safely recycled , the only coffin is a transfer casket ( used many times ) , and expensive medical implants ( such as hip joints ) are recovered in pristine , reusable condition .
The UK Cremation Society has changed its 134 - year - old charter to allow Resomation to be adopted , although he 's still awaiting " final approval " from the government .
" Once they get over the 'ick ' factor , people seem to get behind it , " says Sullivan .
" They should have this ethical choice . "
It 's a busy time in the study of human origins .
Hot on the heels of a potential new species found entirely via DNA sequence , we have the announcement of a new species of Australopithecus , discovered in a cave in South Africa .
The authors of a paper describing the species , Australopithecus sediba , make the bold claim that it 's likely to be the direct ancestor of the entire Homo genus , placing the species on a direct line to modern humans .
We 'll describe the fossils themselves before returning to these claims .
The site is called Malapa , and is located in South Africa .
Other sites nearby have yielded significant early hominin finds , and the area is preserved as the Cradle of Humankind World Heritage site .
Miners had evaluated the caves earlier , and had dumped some of their contents outside .
It was apparently in one of these waste piles that an author 's son found a hominin clavicle .
Excavations of the cave revealed two partial skeletons : a juvenile male , and a mature female .
The fossils appear to have been preserved when water created a sedimentary deposit in an earlier version of the cave .
The area was inaccessible enough that none of the skeletons present seem to have suffered bite marks indicative of scavenging , which explains their excellent preservation .
The young male sample includes a largely complete skull , along with pieces of the arms , legs , and hips ; the female has a large portion of the jaw , a nearly complete shoulder and arm , and fragments of the legs and hips .
The deposits that hold the fossils were dated in three different ways .
Species that were preserved along with the hominins provide a rough estimate , based on when these species went extinct .
More exact methods include the timing of magnetic reversals , which place it as between 1.95 and 1.78 million years ago , while uranium / lead dating places the age at just over 2 million years .
In any case , it 's fair to say that the fossils are approximately 2 million years old , right about the time of the origins of Homo .
What are we looking at ?
It has become clear over recent decades that our ancestors evolved the features we now consider human feet first .
Most of the species that precede Homo seem to have a lower body well adapted to upright walking , while retaining a relatively small brain and a combination of long arms and robust shoulders that would enable them to move easily in trees .
The new skeletons share these features , which has compelled the authors to place them into the Australopithecus genus .
A comparison of features to other species in this genus indicates to the authors that the skeletons group most closely with Australopithecus africanus — so closely , in fact , that they suggest they descend from that species .
But , they argue , there are significant features — greater adaptation to walking upright , smaller teeth and cheek bones — that are shared with Homo that it warrants a new species designation : Australopithecus sediba ( " sediba " meaning " wellspring " in a local language ) .
Because of the features it shares with early Homo species , the authors also argue that the Homo genus evolved from sediba ancestors .
Obviously , that 's the sort of bold claim that 's likely to fire up a scientific controversy .
But , it appears that there will be arguments over just about every aspect of these fossils .
Let the rumble begin
Science has produced an accompanying news article that includes thoughts from a number of people who study human origins , and it seems there 's disagreement over whether the authors are even correct to assign this species to Australopithecus ; a significant group of researchers are quoted as saying it actually belongs among the Homo .
Others accept the authors ' opinion here , while at least one points out that the Homo - like features are largely apparent in the juvenile skeleton , and suggests the similarities would be less pronounced as it matured .
If that were the case , the skeletons might represent the well known Australopithecus africanus .
The challenge of figuring out relationships here is illustrated by some of the extensive tables present in the paper .
All together , 10 species and dozens of skeletal features show up in these tables .
The net result , the authors conclude , supports their placement of the species .
But it 's easy to see how someone could focus on a subset of these — presumably because they view these features as more significant or diagnostic — and reach a different one .
Three other issues complicate matters .
The first is the matter of age .
A given fossil is n't going to be the first or last of its kind .
So , although fossils that are considered to be Homo date from the same time that A. sediba , the authors ' argument hinges on the assumption that their new species was around much earlier — we just do n't have fossils from earlier examples .
Of course , the same argument could be applied to essentially any of the early Homo species , and doing so would leave A. sediba off on a ( relatively ) uninteresting side - branch of human evolution .
The other issue is the erratic and generally fragmentary nature of many of the fossils of this era .
We do have some remarkably intact skeletons ( including the ones described here ) , but few of them are anywhere near complete , so the full suite of a species ' features , and the variability within a species , has to be inferred by grouping samples that are thought to be the same species in order to construct a complete picture .
Of course , if there are basic disagreements among paleontologists over which samples to group , all that becomes complicated .
The final issue is that both of the above are especially acute when it comes to the earliest Homo species .
Homo erectus , the most successful among the genus in terms of longevity , appears very early in the fossil record relative to species that are thought to be its ancestors , like ( possibly ) Homo habilis .
There are arguments over whether H. rudolfensis and H. ergaster represent distinct species .
And , there are many fragmentary skeletons that , much like A. sediba , seem to contain a mix of features from both genuses .
All in all , it 's a recipe for arguments .
The one thing that just about everyone agrees on is that Australopithecus sediba is a fantastic find .
They 're reasonably complete skeletons with lots of interesting features , and there are indications that at least two other skeletons have been found , but are n't described in this paper .
The new species is unlikely to settle any arguments , but it will allow scientists to argue from a more informed perspective , which is all anyone can ask for .
Science , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1184944
DOI : 10.1126/science.1184950 ( About DOIs ) .
Listing image by Brett Eloff / Lee Berger
I wrote this on my blog , but I figured I would post it here too .
As the 2004 trade deadline approached , and a lockout looming , the Rangers were in what can only be called a terrible place .
They would finish the season with a lowly 69 points , which was just good enough to avoid the lottery , but terrible enough for the Rangers to do what New Yorkers thought to be impossible : gut the team and completely rebuild .
The 2004 trade deadline saw General Manager Glen Sather make a total of 11 trades beginning on January 23 , 2004 .
These 11 trades involved a total of 29 players and 9 draft picks switching hands .
It ’s been six years since the now infamous fire sale , which has left enough time to review how each of these trades panned out .
January 23 , 2004
Rangers acquire Jamie Pushor from Columbus for an 8th round pick in 2004 ( Matt Greer ) : Pushor played a total of 7 games for the Rangers in which he did not register a point , and 14 for the Wolfpack in which he registered 2 assists .
Greer played one game with the Syracuse Crunch in 2008 - 2009 , and does n’t appear to be making it to the NHL any time soon .
Let ’s call this one a wash .
Rangers acquire Jaromir Jagr from Washington for Anson Carter :
What is lost in this trade is that the Caps picked up half of Jagr ’s salary for the remainder of his contract .
This would become a big factor in the Rangers success post - lockout , as they had an $ 8 million player for $ 4 million .
Carter only played 15 games for the Caps before being spun to the Kings ( for Jared Aulin ) .
This was a clear salary dump of a disgruntled player for the Caps , to which the Rangers benefited .
Jagr was the piece that the Rangers built around post - lockout and was one of the key reasons the Rangers made the playoffs in the years following .
Jagr now holds the Rangers single season records for goals and points .
March 2 , 2004
Rangers acquire Josef Balej and a 2nd round pick in 2004 ( Bruce Graham ) from Montreal for Alexei Kovalev : Kovalev was on his second stint with the Rangers , and clearly not meeting expectations .
Other than Brian Leetch , Kovalev was the biggest star that could net a good return .
Balej played 13 games with the Rangers in 2004 , finishing with 1 goal and 4 assists .
He played the lockout year in Hartford , but the Rangers did not bring him back after that .
Balej had a lot of promise , but it fizzled out and he now plays in the Czech leagues .
Graham bounce between the AHL and the ECHL for a while , but has since been relegated to the CHL .
March 3 , 2004
Rangers acquire Dwight Helminen , Stephen Valiquette , and a 2nd round pick in 2004 ( Dane Byers ) from Edmonton for Petr Nedved and Jussi Markanen : Nedved was another one of those " stars " that could net a decent return for the Rangers at the deadline .
Helminen was a two way forward playing for Michigan at the time , and played two full seasons in Hartford before being let go .
He is now in the San Jose system , and played in 7 playoff games for the Sharks this year ( he is no longer on the playoff roster ) .
Helminen may not have panned out , but Valiquette was a serviceable backup for a season before he lost his game , and Byers has spent a lot of time with the Wolfpack , and has played just six NHL games , netting a goal and 31 PIMs .
Byers should be given a long look next year , but players like Dale Weise and Brandon Prust may have passed Byers on the depth chart .
Rangers acquire Maxim Kondratiev , Jarkko Immonen , a 1st round pick in 2004 ( Lauri Korpikoski ) , and a 2nd round pick in 2005 ( Michael Sauer ) from Toronto for Brian Leetch :
This one is tough to analyze , so let ’s start with the prospects first .
Kondratiev eventually turned into Petr Sykora , who had a productive half season with the Rangers before being snake - bitten in the playoffs against the Devils .
Kondratiev now plays in the KHL .
Immonen showed a lot of promise during brief call ups , but the Rangers mishandled the forward , and he now plays in the Finnish leagues .
Korpikoski never met his potential that made the Rangers trade up to get him ( ahead of players like Travis Zajac , Wojtek Wolski , and Mike Green ) , and was eventually traded for Enver Lisin .
Sauer has n’t played a full season in the AHL yet , but looked decent in a brief call up in 2008 - 2009 .
The success of this deal rests squarely on the shoulders of Michael Sauer , which unfortunately does n’t look too good .
This one hurts .
A lot .
March 6 , 2004
Rangers acquire Jamie McLennan , Blair Betts , and Greg Moore from Calgary for Chris Simon and a 7th round pick in 2004 ( Matt Schneider ) : Moore never panned out , and is now with the Islanders .
McLennan was brought in just to fill a roster spot .
Blair Betts was the prize of this trade .
Betts had injury concerns , but overcame them and became a great fourth liner and penalty killer for the Rangers for a little more than four seasons .
Schneider finished up his time in the WHL , and then went to Canadian college .
It does n’t appear he will make it to the NHL .
March 8 , 2004
Rangers acquire Rick Kozak and a 2nd round pick in 2004 ( Brandon Dubinsky ) from Philadelphia for Vladimir Malakhov : Kozak is no longer with the Rangers , and is currently in the CHL , but Dubinsky is the real prize of this trade , and of the fire sale in general .
Dubinsky has quickly become a fan favorite , and is one of the better two way players on the Rangers .
He will need to show some consistency to really meet his potential , but for now , it looks like the Rangers got the steal here .
Rangers acquire David Liffiton , Chris McAllister , and a 2nd round pick in 2004 ( eventually became a 3rd round pick – Billy Ryan ) from Colorado for Matthew Barnady and a 3rd round pick in 2004 ( Denis Parshin ) :
The Rangers traded down in the 2004 draft , turning the 2nd round pick into a 3rd round pick and Billy Ryan , who played at the University of Maine for a few seasons and is no longer in the Rangers system .
Liffiton never panned out , playing just one game for the Rangers .
McAllister was a body to fill a roster spot .
This is a wash , but it would have been nice to see some sort of return for Barnaby .
March 9 , 2004
Rangers acquire Karel Rachunek and Alexandre Giroux from Ottawa for Greg de Vries : Rachunek had one decent season in NY before not getting re-signed by the Rangers and bolting to New Jersey , then to the KHL where he currently plays .
Giroux is a career AHL player , having played just one game with the Rangers .
He is no longer in the system .
Rangers acquire Jeff Paul from Florida for Paul Healey :
This is a rare trade where a player was traded for someone who ’s last name matched his first name .
That ’s about it on this deal .
Rangers acquire R.J. Umberger and Martin Grenier from Vancouver for Martin Rucinsky : Grenier never played an NHL game with the Rangers , but the point of this deal was to get Umberger , who was holding out in Vancouver .
The Rangers attempted to sign Umberger , but were content to let him become a UFA , and accept the compensatory 2nd round pick in 2004 as a result .
This pick was used to trade up in the first round and draft Lauri Korpikoski .
After 11 trades , 29 players and 9 draft picks exchanging hands , the Rangers essentially wound up with Blair Betts and Brandon Dubinsky playing significant NHL time .
The jury is still out on Michael Sauer and Dane Byers , but time is running out for these two .
Sauer needs to play a full season , but it does n’t appear that he fits into coach John Tortorella ’s system , even after a strong camp in 2009 .
Byers seems to be stuck behind a plethora of older , more expensive 3rd - 4th line players on the NHL club .
For him to see significant time , the Rangers will need to get rid of some bodies .
The fire sale saw some players go , broke a lot of hearts , but in the end , it was necessary .
If Dubinsky turns out to be the only player of value that comes from it , then so be it .
That Leetch trade still hurts though .
UPDATE : It is tough to keep track of these things , and I 've been corrected on a few things .
S/t to Blue Seat Blogs poster Stella for this one .
The Malakhov trade was for Philly ’s 2005 second rounder , which the Rangers used to trade up in the first round to select Marc Staal .
The second rounder used to select Dubinsky was the result of a series of trades — the # 37 pick acquired in the Barnaby trade was traded for the # 50 pick and a third rounder ( Zdenek Bahensky , never made it in the NHL ) .
The # 50 pick was traded to Phoenix for the picks used to select Dubinsky and Billy Ryan — Phoenix used the # 50 pick to select Enver Lisin .
March 20 –June 20 , 2010
Matisse : Radical Invention , 1913 – 1917 examines what is without question the most innovative , momentous , and yet little - studied time in the artist ’s long career .
Nearly 120 of his most ambitious and experimental paintings , sculptures , drawings , and prints from the period are on view .
Matisse himself acknowledged the significance of these years when he identified two paintings , Bathers by a River and The Moroccans , as among his most pivotal .
These monumental canvases from the collections of the Art Institute of Chicago and the Museum of Modern Art , New York , inspired the collaborative work of this exhibition and serve as major touchstones within it .
This is the first exhibition to offer an in - depth investigation of Matisse ’s art from this time , revealing information uncovered through extensive new art - historical , archival , and technical research .
Buy tickets to the Art Institute now .
Members receive more access to Matisse .
Join now .
Alvin Langdon Coburn .
Henri Matisse working from Back ( II ) to Back ( III ) ( detail ) , May 13 , 1913 .
Photograph courtesy of George Eastman House , International Museum of Photography and Film , Rochester , 1979:3924:0009 .
Estimated reading time — 2 minutes
I ’m in between .
One of them bit me .
The b*****d took a chunk out of my upper arm .
The fool probably did n’t even know it was an arm .
He probably saw me as a walking turkey leg or something .
Oh , but he got his dues .
I whacked his useless head off with a crowbar I stole when s**t got serious .
It got serious about a month ago , and let me tell you , it happened just the way everyone thought it would happen .
Some “ contained ” little outbreak , then BOOM , everyone I know is staggering around like kangaroos tripping on dextro .
Not me , though .
I knew I was going to fight it .
I did well until about a week ago when Mr. Slobbermouth munched on my bicep .
It amazes even me that I ’m so coherent .
God , I wish I was n’t .
I ’m not like them , but I ’m just like them .
I have the hunger they have , but I have all the guilt and love of humanity that is going to keep me from surviving .
I ’m not even sure that I want to survive anymore .
I see them do horrible things , things that are starting to drive me mad , and I either get sick to my stomach or find my mouth watering .
I do n’t want to live if living means I have to watch the destruction of my kind every day .
But then , this means no more hiding .
It ’s as if they can sense something in me , like they scan for a zombie membership card and find it on me .
They leave me alone .
I can walk freely among them .
You know how I said I ’m just like them ?
Well , I ’m better than them .
I ’m smarter and have the ability to gain the trust of humans .
I found one yesterday , I know where all the good hiding spots are , you see , and Lord was it happy to see me .
It grasped my arm and looked into my eyes , saying it was happy to have found someone to fight with .
Making sure none of the no-brains were around , I took it with me and hid with it in a storm cellar .
I let it fall asleep , then I broke its neck , busted open its head like a coconut , and tore into its meaty brain .
The blood complimented it nicely .
For a few moments , I felt bad for what I had done .
I saw his body in that stagnant pool of blood , looking as if he was still sleeping , and felt some remorse for the poor , trusting boy .
I wondered about his life before the disaster .
Was he happy ?
Did his family love him ?
Would he have survived anyway ?
That acidic guilt rose in me , a constant reminder of my humanity .
But there ’s at least one thing zombies and humans have in common : the will to survive .
And I ’m about to do a much better job than either one of them will .
—
Credited to Clarissa
Please wait ...
New York 's Times Square was evacuated tonight after a suspicious device was found in an SUV .
Police confirmed that the device was a bomb , but there was no explosion and Times Square was safely evacuated .
The story is still developing .
Live webcams are pointed at Times Square 24/7 , and that means the events were streamed live on the web .
Earthcam ( embedded below ) , currently shows a deserted scene outside TGI Friday 's on 46th Street and Broadway .
But at 7 p.m. , the livecam showed a packed street — by 8 p.m. , there were only a couple of bystanders .
At 9 p.m. , Times Square was deserted save for police vehicles .
The live feed is embedded below , along with captures before and after the evacuation .
Have you seen Tweets , YouTube videos or Flickr photos from the scene ?
Let us know in the comments .
Times Square Live Webcam
Times Square Webcam , 7 pm May 1st 2010
Times Square Webcam , 8 pm May 1st 2010
Times Square Webcam , 9 pm May 1st 2010
Times Square Webcam , 10 pm May 1st 2010
After years of hard work and often a huge investment , college students deserve to celebrate the end of a semester or the completion of their college careers .
But unfortunately , as a young African American woman faculty member , the end of the spring semester is more emotionally exhausting than anything else .
Many male and female students ’ impertinent gendered expectations lead them to approach me as a peer , a potential girlfriend and an imposter — anyone other than an academic authority figure .
Seniors in particular often assume a certain familiarity by semester ’s end .
Maybe I ’m not paying enough attention to the obvious shift from professor to peer , but it always surprises me when students say inappropriate things .
Like , “ Dr. Utley are your boobs real ? ”
Or how about the commentary from students who I thought were rapt with curiosity about rhetorical theory , but actually were plotting how they were going to ask me out .
On the last instructional day of class , a male student approached me with his cell phone poised and said , “ Can I get that number now ? ”
Final grades had been posted less than twenty - four hours , when a student emailed me ( at my school address ) : “ Dear Ebony , would you like to get drinks sometime ? ”
Shocked at the assumed familiarity , because I always ask my students to address me as Dr. Utley , I nevertheless was polite in my decline .
But then he admonished me for coming onto him throughout the semester .
The professor mutation from peer to potential girlfriend is often laughable if I ’m in the right mood , but the commentary that positions me as an incompetent impostor is less forgivable .
During a final presentation a group of students had aptly titled “ The Respect Women Project , ” the only male student in the group referred to me by my first name in front of the entire large lecture .
So much for respecting one ’s professor .
I also often receive visceral missives or evaluations at the end of semesters that communicate students ’ gendered expectations of care , almost as if they expect me to mother them .
They go something like this :
You are not a true teacher .
Is n’t the point of being an educator is to help students pass and move on in their education ?
I think it is very immature you will not help me !
I have never had a problem like this with another professor and I am a senior , and from what I hear I am not the only one that feels this way .
Alas , it appears my authority is mostly a suggestion , and when it is begrudgingly granted it ’s temporary .
Yes , there is the possibility that I simply rub some students the wrong way , but research shows that young women professors are more likely to encounter rude students than are men .
A recent Chronicle of Higher Education study about rudeness noted :
When the researchers broke their data down by gender , they found that 24 percent of men , and just 9 percent of women , could not recall incidents of uncivil student behavior .
Women were also much more likely to report that the uncivil behavior they experienced was severe , or to say that they had been upset by it .
In a Men and Masculinities article titled “ White Guy Habitus in the Classroom , ” Michael Messner argues :
By contrast , students ’ experience of women and / or people of color faculty are different , because first , they do not immediately invoke the student ’s preconceived image of what a professor looks like , and second , as the semester progresses , the students ’ readings of women and / or people of color faculty ’s embodied habits often tend to confirm students ’ negative preconceptions toward them .
Messner and other female colleagues report that these negative preconceptions happen all the time .
I concur and further argue that they are exacerbated by the success and stress of semester ’s end .
At the moment when I should feel the most confidence in my students , this type of behavior leaves me frustrated and disappointed .
Either they never understood , are n’t sure how to apply , or simply do n’t care about the gendered concepts I tried to teach them .
As a professor , I take no pride in assigning failing grades — especially when the assignment is everyday life .
Photo from http://www.flickr.com/photos/ijames/112866961/
// CC BY 3.0
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
For the last decade , BP has been busily engaged in a multi-million - dollar greenwashing campaign .
Changing its name from British Petroleum to BP , the company adopted a new slogan , “ Beyond Petroleum , ” and began a “ rebranding ” effort to depict itself as a public - spirited , environmentally sensitive , green energy enterprise , the very model of 21st century corporate responsibility .
It ’s going to take more than a name change and a clever ad campaign to erase the image of oil spreading across the Gulf Coast from BP ’s offshore rig , and dead wildlife washing up onto beaches .
Even as the company magnanimously agreed to cover the costs of cleaning up the mammoth spill , BP on Monday was still insisting that it was n’t at fault for the accident that caused it — instead blaming the offshore drilling contractor that operated the rig .
So much for corporate accountability .
Before the Deepwater Horizon disaster , BP ’s green image was nothing more than a scam .
While making miniscule investments in things like solar power , biofuels , and carbon fuel cells that backed its PR claims , BP continued to work relentlessly to expand its oil and gas operations .
In the last decade , as the world ’s second largest producer of fossil fuels , the company drilled ( and spilled ) vast quantities of oil and gas on Alaska ’s North Slope and in the North Sea .
It positioned itself to rip up Canada ’s tar sands to extract its dirty oil , and grabbed a 50 percent interest in Iraq ’s rich Rumaila oil field .
BP boasted the highest number of explosions and other accidents at its US refineries ( several of them deadly ) , and made the Multinational Monitor ’s 10 Worst Companies lists in 2000 and 2005 , based on its environmental and human rights record .
BP clearly believed that green was in the eye of the beholder .
The company ’s move toward green marketing began in 1997 , when it quit the industry ’s climate change denial group , the Global Climate Coalition , and acknowledged a possible link between global warming and the use of fossil fuels .
By 2000 , the vertically integrated multinational — which explores , extracts , transports , refines , and sell fuels through its myriad gas stations –had bought up Amoco , Arco , and Burmah Castrol .
It united them under the BP brand with a feel - good flowering sun logo , and hired the advertising firm of Ogilvy & Mathers to launch a $ 200 million rebranding campaign .
As Ogilvy executive John Seifert described it in 2002 , then BP CEO John Browne — or , to use his full title , Lord Browne of Madingley – ” came to me with a dream proposal .
He said , ‘ I want this company to be a force for good in this world .
Build that image and I will hold the company accountable to it . ' ”
The problem , Seifert said , was , “ No other industry is more loathed and distrusted by the public than the energy industry , and yet no other industry is more critical to modern survival .
The reality is that no matter how much consumers resent energy companies , they still drive their cars and leave on the lights and turn the other cheek . ”
His solution was a campaign that “ bridges the us / them barrier , that brings the consumer into the debate so that we can address the problem together . ”
By 2004 , BP was running its “ BP on the Street ” nationwide ad campaign , featuring what one BP executive described to Adweek as “ a radical conversation with consumers about the paradox of the need for energy and the cost for getting it . ”
TV spots showed ordinary looking people being asked questions like , “ What would you rather have , a car or a cleaner environment ? ”
Says one woman , “ I ca n’t imagine being without my car .
But that compromise is very hard to make where we are . ”
Then the punch line flashes on the screen : “ We voluntarily introduced cleaner fuels , six years before EPA mandates … .
These low - sulphur fuels reduce ozone pollution … .
It ’s a start . ”
Whew .
Thank goodness for BP , saving us from making those tough choices between preserving the polar ice caps and taking the bus .
Other ads had the appearance of being hard - hitting — including one that asked people what they would like to say to oil company executives .
“ Think about your children , ” one woman says .
“ They ’re breathing the air I ’m breathing , that you ’re breathing , and it ’s bad .
And down the line , they will suffer .
And you know , think about that .
You know , if you have alternatives , invest the money in alternatives .
You ’ll still make money .
It wo n’t make you a Communist .
It ’’ll just make you a better human being . ”
The television and print ads always ended with a plug for BP as “ a global leader ” in clean energy production .
Accompanying the ad campaign was a series of public pronouncements from Lord Browne , who had been dubbed the “ sun king ” and the “ green oilman , ” and was also reputed to be Tony Blair ’s favorite businessman .
Browne announced a plan to reduce company - wide greenhouse gas emissions , and another to invest $ 8 billion in alternative energy and greenhouse gas abatement projects — an impressive figure that was actually a pittance relative to BP ’s overall budget .
The gimmicks appeared to work .
In 2001 , BP had already been chosen as the “ company that does most to protect the environment ” in a survey by the Financial Times that polled not only corporate executives but also activist groups and the media .
“ There appears to be near consensus , ” the paper reported , that BP ” “ has made exceptional efforts to replenish environmental resources , develop alternative fuels and communicate with stakeholders . ”
As for the general public , a 2007 “ green brands survey ” found that BP was perceived as more green than any of the other petroleum companies , and also headed the list of companies that had “ become more green ” in the previous five years .
And what else was going on at BP while it was supposed to be “ becoming more green ” ?
During the period that all of these human and environmental catastrophes were going on , BP sales rose from $ 192 billion in 2004 to $ 240 billion in 2005 , and then to $ 266 billion in 2006 .
The company ’s profits fell in 2007 following the disasters and fines , but began rebounding as soon as BP announced massive layoffs .
The dapper Lord Browne of Madingley , however , resigned after reports faulted his leadership in contributing to the accidents — and after he was found to have lied to a court about his relationship with a former male escort .
BP ’s new CEO , Tony Hayward , had been head of exploration and production for BP since 2003 .
According to the New York Times , Hayward “ promised to refocus the company and change the culture , emphasizing safety . ”
In the last few years , BP has spent less time promoting itself as a green company and more time depicting itself as safe , competent , and forward - thinking — a claim that has now proven more preposterous than the greenwashing was .
The Times article remarked that for Hayward , “ the accident threatens to overshadow all of the efforts he has made to burnish the tattered reputation of the company . ”
In a meeting with BP executives in London following the spill , Hayward reportedly asked , “ What the hell did we do to deserve this ? ”
Tony Hayward himself has the answer , since according to the Times , “ he also expanded the company ’s already aggressive exploratory efforts in the deep waters of the gulf . ”
In fact , the newspaper reported “ last year , the same platform that has now sunk to the sea floor drilled the deepest well in history , opening one of the largest new fields in the world . ”
New information is emerging every day on the many ways in which BP cut corners when it came to safeguards on the rig — some of them implicated in the current disaster .
( See Kate Sheppard ’s piece for details . )
Hayward received a 40 percent pay increase in 2009 based on BP ’s “ improved performance . ”
And the company recently announced earnings of $ 5.6 billion for the first quarter of 2010 , more than double the same quarter last year .
The disaster in the Gulf , of course , has not been good for BP ’s share prices .
But a Morningstar oil stock analyst blithely told the New York Times that the worst oil spill in U.S. history “ will test Tony and his ability to respond to this situation . ”
She confidently concluded , “ Certainly , BP will survive this . ”
Whether the Gulf Coast will survive it is another question .
Sprint and HTC on Friday will release what I consider to be the world ’s best smartphone .
They should enjoy that status while it lasts , because three days later Apple is likely to announce its next - generation iPhone .
I can only speculate about what Apple will unveil .
But after carrying around Sprint ’s HTC Evo 4G for the past week , I can say with certainty that it ’s the best phone I ’ve used to date — and that includes the current iPhone 3G .
The Evo 4G , which runs the Google Android operating system ( version 2.1 ) , features not one but two cameras — an 8 - megapixel back - side camera for taking regular pictures and a front - side camera for video chat .
The picture quality of that back - side camera is quite good and , as with other smartphones , once you take a picture , you can easily e-mail it to someone or post it on Facebook or other sites .
I had the phone with me at the Maker Faire in San Mateo and had fun using the camera to update my Facebook page with photos throughout the day .
I ’m writing this column from a hotel that charges $ 15 a night for Internet access , so I appreciate the phone ’s ability to create its own wireless hot spot .
When you configure that optional feature , you can use it to provide Internet service for up to eight devices .
At the moment , I ’m using it with my laptop and iPad — both of which are getting online at about 900 kilobits per second .
That ’s pretty good , but the phone is capable of speeds up to 6 megabits , nearly seven times faster , when using Sprint ’s fast 4G network .
Sprint currently offers 4G in Las Vegas , Baltimore , Portland , Ore. , and several other markets .
The company plans to roll it out in other areas , including the Bay Area , later this year .
Wall Street Journal tech columnist Walter Mossberg tested his Evo 4G phone in Baltimore , where he experienced “ the highest consistent downstream data speeds ” he had ever seen on a cellular network .
Sprint plans to charge an extra $ 30 for the service above whatever voice and data plan you already have .
That ’s about half the monthly cost that Sprint and other carriers charge to use stand - alone wireless adapters .
Like other Android phones , the Evo 4G has Google maps and GPS , which provides excellent turn - by - turn directions and traffic information .
I have a dedicated Magellan GPS in my car and found that the Evo works in places where the Magellan does n’t .
And because the Evo is connected to the Internet , it is able to receive traffic information .
Also typical of Android phones , the Evo is tightly integrated with Gmail and other Google services .
That includes , of course , the ability to easily search data stored on the phone or on the Web , or search on Google maps .
For example , when I wanted to find a restaurant in San Francisco , I just typed in the name of the restaurant in Google maps and the software searched the Web for the restaurant ’s address and plotted a course .
All GPS systems have points of interest .
But because Google is searching the Web , it ’s not limited to the ones programmed in by the device maker .
HTC has added its own Sense user interface to Android , which adds additional features , including a “ friend stream ” that aggregates your social networking experiences into a single stream .
In many ways , Sense makes the phone a bit easier to use .
But I was already accustomed to the standard Android user interface , so having to learn Sense slowed me down a bit .
I wish they would make Sense optional .
Like all Android phones , the Evo 4G is not without flaws .
Android apps have a way of crashing now and then .
I do n’t recall the phone ever freezing up , but I have found some annoying idiosyncrasies I have n’t experienced with iPhones .
One of Android ’s best feature is also one of its flaws — the multi-tasking operating system that allows several programs to run at the same time .
The problem is that apps run long after you stop using them .
And while they run , they use energy , potentially slowing down foreground apps .
That ’s why the app I use the most is the free Advanced Task Killer , which is a convenient ( albeit manual ) way to clear out the memory .
Apple ’s soon - to - be - released iPhone operating system 4.0 will also allow several apps to run at the same time , but Apple says it has a way of limiting the resources they use while they are in the background .
Contact Larry Magid at larry@larrymagid.com .
Listen for his technology chats on KCBS - AM ( 740 ) weekdays at 3:50 p.m .
( CNN ) --
With many airlines now charging a fee for checked luggage , the next step had to come sometime : A carrier asking passengers to pay for the privilege of bringing carry - on bags on board .
Well , that time is here .
Spirit Airlines announced Tuesday that it will charge its customers $ 20 to $ 45 for items they place in the overhead bins .
The cost depends on whether passengers are members of the airline 's ultra- low fare club and whether they " pre-reserve " their carry - on bag in advance .
Each passenger will still be able to bring one personal item that fits under a seat for free , such as a purse , briefcase , backpack or laptop computer .
They also wo n't have to pay extra for items such as diaper bags , pet containers and cameras .
Airline officials called it a " bring less ; pay less " policy that would ultimately benefit customers .
" In addition to lowering fares even further , this will reduce the number of carry - on bags , which will improve inflight safety and efficiency by speeding up the boarding and deplaning process , " Chief Operating Officer Ken McKenzie said in a statement .
Spirit's new fee is effective for reservations made after April 5 for travel starting August 1 .
Although it 's already among the airlines that charge for checked bags , the ultra - low - cost carrier is the first carrier in the United States to implement a fee for carry - ons .
It may also be the first airline in the world to do so , said Genevieve Shaw Brown , senior editor at Travelocity .
Spirit , which is headquartered in Miramar , Florida , and flies to destinations in the U.S. , the Caribbean and Latin America , says it keeps costs low by starting with rock - bottom fares and asking passengers to pay only for the optional services they want .
Will a backlash follow ?
Spirit's new fee structure had industry observers wondering whether other airlines would follow .
Shaw Brown called it a " very , very bold move " and predicted that Spirit 's competitors would be watching the fee 's failure or success very closely .
Others wondered whether it signals even more drastic changes for passengers .
" When will more shoes drop ? " asked Airfarewatchdog.com President George Hobica .
" When will we finally see a U.S. airline dare to charge for using a credit or debit card , and who will be the first to eliminate airport check - in counter staff , forcing passengers to show up at the airport with a pre-printed boarding pass and pre-paid luggage fees ?
... No human interaction necessary . "
Another expert said Spirit 's move may be too much for fliers who are already enraged by fees .
" It 's interesting that the program will not kick in until August , perhaps giving Spirit time to cut the program if there 's significant backlash from customers , " said Jami Counter , senior director of TripAdvisor Flights .
" I do think this is a step too far for the traveling public , and other carriers wo n't follow Spirit 's lead on this . "
Shop around carefully
The new fee reinforces how important it is for air travelers to stay on top of fees and not be lured by cheap base fares , Shaw Brown warned .
" Travelers are going to naturally gravitate toward the airline with the lowest fare , and they may not realize what those extra charges are going to be and how they can add up very quickly , " she said .
" The best advice is , know all the fees , know the kind of traveler you are , how much you do end up packing and how much it 's going to cost you , and make sure to add that to the base fare so that you know exactly how much you 're going to be paying . "
Most major air carriers started adding checked - bag fees in 2008 .
The airlines reported collecting nearly $ 740 million in baggage fees in the third quarter of 2009 , according to U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics .
Many have also cut costs by eliminating complimentary meals in economy class and have drawn ire for asking passengers to pay for services like reserving a seat in the emergency exit row , which usually has more legroom .
Still , the fees -- even the latest one from Spirit Airlines -- probably wo n't stop anyone from flying .
" The truth of the matter is , the desire to travel often overcomes these annoyances that people face .
People adapt , " Shaw Brown said .
Novelist Alan Sillitoe died today at the age of 82 , his family said .
The Nottingham - born writer , whose novels marked him out as one of the Angry Young Men of British fiction who emerged in the 1950s , died at Charing Cross hospital in London .
His son , David , said he hoped his father would be remembered for his contribution to literature .
Sillitoe is also survived by his wife , the poet Ruth Fainlight , and a daughter , Susan .
Sillitoe left school at 14 and worked in a bicycle factory in his native Nottingham before serving in the RAF .
His breakthrough came with the publication of the novel Saturday Night and Sunday Morning in 1958 .
It was made into a film , starring Albert Finney , as was his next novel The Loneliness of the Long - Distance Runner , which featured Tom Courtenay in the lead role .
Both are seen as classic examples of kitchen sink dramas reflecting the reality of life in Britain at the mid-point of the 20th century .
Sillitoe also published several volumes of poetry , children 's books and plays .
Is that your cell phone ringing ?
A neuroscience study conforms the human brain seems wired to hear familiar noises , such as a person 's name or phone tone , faster than others .
In the current Journal of Neuroscience , a team led by Anja Roye of Germany 's University of Leipzig , tested familiar and unfamiliar ringtone recognition in 12 men and women wearing headphones and brain - wave - reading electroencephalograms .
" The analyzed evoked ( electroencephalogram ) responses were significantly increased for the personally significant sound , " found the researchers .
The study volunteers reconized their own ringer about 40 microseconds sooner than unfamiliar ones .
" When a stimulus matches a sound template currently held in short - term memory , i.e. , the target sound , it may activate a network of distinct ( brain ) areas that give rise to a fast allocation of attention and trigger the associated motor - response , " says the study .
A similar mechanism may explain our ability to hear our own name called amid a din of conversation , the authors suggest .
Analyzing brain - wave patterns , the team suggests a " passive listening " network of brain cells reside in portions of the left side of the brain poised for familiar sounds .
Asking volunteers to actively listen for familiar sounds also fired up a right - side part of the brain .
" In sum , this study provides evidence that incoming acoustic information is matched with existing memory templates representing the specific , personally significant , and behaviorally relevant stimulus , " concludes the study .
In other words , we are always waiting for someone to call our name , and recognize it faster than anything else .
By Dan Vergano
Malcolm McLaren , the former manager of the Sex Pistols and impresario , has died from cancer , aged 64 .
He died in hospital in Switzerland with his partner , 37 - year - old Korean - American Young Kim by his bedside , along with his son Joe Corre .
Ms Kim told The Independent : " We were there with him when he passed away .
He was diagnosed with cancer in October .
He was very active until the end of February when his tumour became very aggressive .
He just went very quickly .
He said he wanted to be buried at Highgate cemetery .
We are now taking steps to try to make that happen . "
McLaren had kept his illness quiet .
In February he had travelled to New York in February for the launch of an art book before returning to Switzerland to be treated at a clinic .
Best - known as the manager of the punk band the Sex Pistols , he achieved the notoriety he sought – and which never left him – when the band 's anti-establishment single " God Save The Queen " , released during the Queen 's Silver Jubilee , was banned from the airwaves by the BBC and the Independent Broadcasting Authority .
He was raised by his grandmother in Newington Green , north London , after his war - deserter father left home when he was two .
After having been expelled from several art colleges , he opened a clothes shop on the King 's Road , with his then girlfriend Vivienne Westwood in 1971 .
The couple 's son , Joe Corre , went on found the lingerie company Agent Provocateur .
Last night Miss Westwood said : " When we were young and I fell in love with Malcolm , I thought he was beautiful and I still do .
I thought he was a very charismatic , special and talented person .
We had n't been in touch for a long time .
The thought of him dead is really something very sad . "
A meeting between Israeli and Palestinian Communist leaders last month highlighted a new approach that is gaining favor among Palestinians as the path to achieving a state of their own alongside Israel .
“ Depending on the sole option of negotiations has exhausted its purposes , ” leaders of the Palestinian People ’s Party and the Israeli Communist Party said March 25 , following a meeting in the West Bank city of Ramallah , “ and … it is necessary now to activate and develop other strong factors in the Palestinian position . ”
Fed up with the increasingly aggressive Israeli far - right and frustrated with U.S. hesitancy to confront it , Palestinian leaders of varied political views are emphasizing nonviolent mass action by the Palestinian people to push back against Israeli settlement encroachments and the occupation ’s repressive measures .
The aim , they say , is twofold : to arouse the world community to press Israel to end its occupation , and simultaneously to create “ facts on the ground ” that will make a Palestinian state an inevitable and speedy reality .
This approach , called “ sumud ” ( steadfastness ) , was highlighted by Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad last month , when he joined residents in planting trees in a village near the West Bank city of Qalqilya , where the Israeli separation wall surrounds the city and blocks farmers ’ access to their land .
Fayyad told about 1,000 people gathered to hear him , “ This is our real project , to establish our presence on our land and keep our people on it . ”
“ Steadfastness must be translated from a slogan to acts and facts on the ground , ” he said .
In a recent interview with Asharq al - Awsat , Fayyad said his approach “ is based on the peaceful daily expression , in a non-violent manner , of opposition to occupation and settlements , boycotting the products of the settlements and invigorating the popular movement against the wall . ”
Such a movement , he said , should be matched by stepped up international involvement “ to strip away legitimacy from everything that has any connection to the Israeli colonialist scheme . ”
Resistance and intifada ( uprising ) should not be defined narrowly as armed actions , Fayyad said .
“ The entire Palestinian people today are in an intifida peacefully in resisting the settlements , the wall and the occupation .
If this resistance does not meet the specifications of some [ it is because ] it does not have boys who are killed . ”
“ I am not ashamed to say that I am against sending children to the barricades so that they would be slaughtered for the sake of issuing a statement , ” he said .
“ Resistance without blood is also resistance . ”
Last week , Rajmohan Gandhi , grandson of Indian independence leader Mahatma Gandhi , visited Bil’in , a West Bank village slashed by the Israeli wall , whose residents have become international symbols of the Palestinian nonviolent resistance movement , holding weekly protests against the wall since 2005 .
The movement has spread to other Palestinian villages .
“ What happens in the village is a model for contemporary nonviolent popular resistance , ” Gandhi said during his visit .
By awakening the conscience of the world community , this movement , he said , will spur an end to the “ persecution and occupation ” of the Palestinian people , and the Israeli settlements and separation wall “ will disappear . ”
On April 14 , Martin Luther King III is scheduled to speak at a conference on nonviolence in Ramallah , sponsored by Realizing the Dream , a group founded by King and his mother Coretta Scott King , and two Jerusalem - based organizations : Middle East Non-Violence and Democracy and the Center for Democracy and Community Development .
The event ’s objective , the sponsors say , is to bring together , strengthen and enlarge Palestinian nonviolence efforts in order to end the occupation .
Israeli peace advocates are joining with Palestinians in many of these efforts .
On March 6 , several thousand Israelis and Palestinians demonstrated in East Jerusalem ’s Sheikh Jarrah neighborhood against Israeli authorities ’ eviction of Palestinians from their homes to accommodate Jewish settlers .
The event drew wide international media coverage .
The Palestinian People ’s Party and Israeli Communist Party leaders emphasized the need for “ escalation of popular struggle and resistance ” among the Palestinian people and for activating the “ peace moves in the Israeli street that opposes occupation , settlements and provocations in Occupied East Jerusalem , just like what happened in Sheikh Jarrah recently . ”
They pointed to “ the adamant popular resistance against the Apartheid Wall in Bil’in and Ni’lin , which has become a unique model and symbol of the struggle . ”
At the same time , they stressed the need for “ comprehensive political moves at the international level ” to push Israel to stop settlement construction , abide by international laws and United Nations resolutions , and end the occupation .
Their statement gives their views on a range of pressing issues , including Israeli - Palestinian negotiations , the U.S. role , the East Jerusalem settlement crisis , Gaza , the demand for Palestinians to recognize Israel as a Jewish state , democratic struggles within Israel , and the splits within the Palestinian movement .
It is available in English on the Israeli Communist Party web site .
Photo : Scene at a 2008 protest in Bil’in .
( Friends of Freedeom and Justice Bilin )
In Oxford , England , 25 - year - old medical student Roger Bannister cracks track and field ’s most notorious barrier : the four - minute mile .
Bannister , who was running for the Amateur Athletic Association against his alma mater , Oxford University , won the mile race with a time of 3 minutes and 59.4 seconds .
For years , so many athletes had tried and failed to run a mile in less than four minutes that people made it out to be a physical impossibility .
The world record for a mile was 4 minutes and 1.3 seconds , set by Gunder Hagg of Sweden in 1945 .
Despite , or perhaps because of , the psychological mystique surrounding the four - minute barrier , several runners in the early 1950s dedicated themselves to being the first to cross into the three - minute zone .
Roger Bannister , born in Harrow , England , in 1929 , was a top mile - runner while a student at the University of Oxford and at St. Mary ’s Hospital Medical School in London .
In 1951 and 1953 , he won British championships in the mile run .
As he prepared himself for his first competitive race of the 1954 season , Bannister researched the mechanics of running and trained using new scientific methods he developed .
On May 6 , 1954 , he came to the Iffley Road track in Oxford for the annual match between the Amateur Athletic Association and Oxford University .
Conditions were far from ideal ; it had been windy and raining .
A considerable crosswind was blowing across the track as the mile race was set to begin .
At 6 p.m. , the starting gun was fired .
In a carefully planned race , Bannister was aided by Chris Brasher , a former Cambridge runner who acted as a pacemaker .
For the first half - mile , Brasher led the field , with Bannister close behind , and then another runner took up the lead and reached the three - quarter - mile mark in 3 minutes 0.4 seconds , with Bannister at 3 minutes 0.7 seconds .
Bannister took the lead with about 350 yards to go and passed an unofficial timekeeper at the 1,500 - meter mark in 3 minutes 43 seconds , thus equaling the world ’s record for that distance .
Thereafter , Bannister threw in all his reserves and broke the tape in 3 minutes 59.4 seconds .
As soon as the first part of his score was announced –“ three minutes … ” –the crowd erupted in pandemonium .
Bannister went on to win British and Empire championships in the mile run , and the European title in the 1,500 - meter event in 1954 .
At the end of the year , Bannister retired from athletic competition to pursue his medical career full time and in 1955 recounted his experiences in the book The Four Minute Mile .
He later earned a medical degree from Oxford and became a neurologist .
In 1975 , he was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II .
He died in March 2018 , at age 88 .
His world record in the mile did not stand long , and the record continued to be lowered with increasingly controlled climatic and surface conditions , more accurate timing devices , and improvements in training and running techniques .
A “ sub - four ” is still a notable time , but top international runners now routinely accomplish the feat .
Because a mile is not a metric measurement , it is not a regular track event nor featured in the Olympics .
It continues , however , to be run by many top runners as a glamour event .
As I was reviewing the Edmonton Oilers ' year - end stats , something struck me -- Jason Strudwick 's lack of shots on goal .
19 shots on goal in 72 games seemed to be extremely low , so I went back and reviewed a post I made earlier in the season .
In December I looked at the players with the fewest shots on goal in a single season since the NHL began keeping shots on goal statistics .
Hired knuckles made up the entire list .
This time around , I dove a bit deeper to find out exactly where Strudwick ranked all - time .
I limited the qualifying seasons to 60 games played as that seemed to me to be the best approximation of a regular player .
Famous enforcers Stu Grimson , Dave Brown , Eric Godard and Dan Kordic appear multiple times .
The top 25 is made up of 22 goon seasons and 3 roster regulars .
It makes sense that fighters would dominate the list .
They are n't on a roster to actually play the game , so shooting is likely not a priority .
If hard - pressed , I 'm sure I could work out some twisted logic whereby it made sense to keep someone on the roster that cannot shoot the puck , and somehow justify the existence of the goon .
However , I 'm much harder pressed to find a reason to keep a player on an NHL roster that appears multiple times on this list and does n't have a high number of penalty minutes or is renown for being some sort of all - time defensive specialist .
In fact , the only player fitting the description of defensive specialist that appears twice in the top 100 seasons is Lew Morrison , an ace penalty killer and outstanding defensive forward that was victimized by the expansion draft not once , but twice , by the Atlanta Flames and Washington Capitals and ended his career with the Pittsburgh Penguins .
Jason Strudwick appears four times in the top 100 .
The chart below is sorted by shots per game .
Ten years ago Strudwick posted what was then the 20th - worst season in shots per game for the Vancouver Canucks when he was able to get off only 18 shots in 63 games .
He posted the lowest penalty minutes of anyone on the then top 25 .
His futility in 1999 has since been outdone a number of times and that season now ranks 28th all time .
His low - water penalty minute mark has since been tied by Jassen Cullimore .
This season , Strudwick bested ( worsted ? ) his previous mark .
His 2009 - 2010 season comes in 19th - worst all time and once again , Strudwick has established a new low in penalty minutes with 50 .
Fun Fact : Strudwick 's .383 shots per game career average would be the 83rd lowest single season since the NHL began recording shots data .
He appears six times in the worst 175 qualifying seasons of lowest shots ratio .
Fun Fact II : 4 of the worst 200 seasons won a Stanley Cup , or 2 % : Gordie Roberts in 1990 - 1991 and 1991 - 1992 with the Penguins , Glen Wesley in 2005 - 2006 with the Carolina Hurricanes and Joe DiPenta in 2006 - 2007 with the Anaheim Ducks .
Since shots data has been kept , 3 % of seasons have won a cup .
Fun Fact III : Lew Morrison recorded only 107 penalty minutes in 564 career games .
However , 70 of those penalty minutes came in 202 games with the Flyers .
The other 37 were stretched out over 362 games with other teams .
Morrison cut his penalty minutes rate by 2/3 after leaving the Flyers .
Fun Fact IV : The Pittsburgh Penguins lead the way with 24 entrants in the top 200 .
I should note that if the games played minimum in the qualifying seasons is dropped to 50 , three amazing seasons head up the list .
Jim Kyte's 7 shots on goal for the Winnipeg Jets in 1983 - 1984 and Darren Langdon's 6 shots on goal for the Carolina Hurricanes in 2000 - 2001 may seem impressive , but they can't touch the leader .
The king of shooting futility is ... Barry Fraser first round pick Francois Leroux who played 59 games for the Pittsburgh Penguins in 1996 - 1997 and managed only 5 shots on goal .
Nice work Barry .
A cruise ship in the open ocean follows the laws of the flag it flies under .
Brad Wilson / Taxi / Getty Images
In 2006 , a woman onboard a Royal Caribbean cruise ship sailing the Mexican Riviera reported being raped in her stateroom .
She immediately returned to Los Angeles , where two FBI agents took her statement a week later , and told her there was nothing they could do .
Ultimately , this case prompted the following year 's congressional hearing .
International maritime law requires that cruise ships take every possible measure to provide safe passage .
But when something goes wrong , jurisdiction is difficult to sort out .
Advertisement
Advertisement
At the time of the alleged rape , the ship was in international waters , but Royal Caribbean is registered in Liberia and the ship was docking in Mexico through the voyage .
The cruise line noted 66 cases of alleged sexual assault between 2003 and 2005 , without a single one prosecuted successfully [ source : KCRA ] .
Because maritime law is so difficult to clarify ( in part because every country has its own version of it ) , most cases of cruise ship crime are decided on a case - by - case basis .
Law on a cruise ship ( or any other ship ) starts with the flag the ship is flying under .
A ship flies the flag of the country where it 's registered , and , in general , the laws onboard a ship are the laws of that country .
However , when figuring out which laws apply on a sea vessel , territory also must be taken into consideration .
Legal jurisdiction on the sea goes something like this [ source : Justia ] :
A country 's internal waters -- areas like bays and ports -- are a part of that country .
So when a ship is docked at the Port of Miami , all U.S. ( and Florida ) laws apply to the ship , its passengers and its crew .
Almost all of a nation 's laws also apply in its territorial waters which extend up to 12 miles from its coastline ( we 'll look at an exception on the next page ) .
A ship departing from a U.S. port cannot open gambling activities until it's 12 miles out , since gambling is illegal in most parts of the United States .
contiguous zone -- the area 12 miles to 24 miles from its coast .
A country has certain rights within that zone , such as patrolling its borders .
For instance , within 24 miles of the U.S. coast , the A nation has limited jurisdiction in its -- the area 12 miles to 24 miles from its coast .
A country has certain rights within that zone , such as patrolling its borders .
For instance , within 24 miles of the U.S. coast , the U.S. Coast Guard is allowed to board any ship suspected of drug smuggling , regardless of which flag it 's flying under .
Once a ship is 24 miles from any coastline , it's on the high seas ( or international waters ) .
With the exception of certain rights within the contiguous zone , the law of that ship is the law of the country whose flag it 's flying .
So , a Liberia - registered cruise ship that 's 25 miles off the coast of California is n't subject to U.S. law ; it 's subject to Liberian law .
Lawsuits against a cruise line are different , though .
While it might seem like a U.S. citizen robbed in U.S. territorial waters off the coast of Los Angeles could sue the cruise line in Los Angeles , it actually depends on the cruise ship ticket 's fine print .
If the ticket says the cruise line can only be sued in Seattle , then a Los Angeles court will almost always refuse to hear the case .
This can all be bad news for the victim of cruise ship crime .
But for the millions of people who take a cruise so they can engage in all the good - natured debauchery they want , the legal freedom of the high seas is actually good news .
After all , if U.S. law applies on a U.S. - registered ship , how can that ship allow gambling ?
It 's all about international waters .
Disclaimer :
We get inspiration in all of our stuff whether that will design Articles ( related images ) or Roundups ( all designing stuff , source files , language codes etc ... ) and we also give the link back from where we get the images , graphics , source files and language codes ( we are n’t the magicians to recognize that he ’s a real owner or he grab or steal it ) because we are not the owner of these content (s ) .
If anybody would like to use any images , graphics , source files and language codes or content which we are also using , his duty is to find the real owner of that images , graphics , source files and language codes to use it according to the license ( terms and conditions ) of that content .
If anybody have desire to modification , edition , deletion and print or any kind of use in that stuff he should find the real owner .
dailymailsadface AT yahoo DOT co DOT uk
When an immigrant gives a middle - class family 's cat cancer , it is the Daily Mail 's duty to report on it .
Here are the accompanying photos .
" My Guest Appearance " A visit to the set of NBC's hit TV show
" I 'm not a doctor ... but I played one on TV "
Arriving a few minutes early , I drove into the parking lot , chatted briefly with the guard , and glided into my reserved parking space .
My publicist and her daughter had come with me and they went off to find my trailer while I entered the east side entrance and headed down the hall .
I nodded to the assistant director , took my place on the set , said hello to Zach , Sarah and John C. and looked around for the hair stylist ... as usual , this was a bad hair day and I needed someone to work their magic before we shot the morning 's first scene .
Just a few minutes later ...
What ?
Something does n't seem right to you ?
Shoot .
I 'll bet " one - day career " gave it away , did n't it ?
[ a heavy sigh is heard in voice over ]
So much for the opening fantasy scene ...
My " special guest appearance " was actually a walk - on role , which had been graciously donated by the Scrubs production company and auctioned off in the fall of 2003 to benefit the Minorities in Broadcast Training Program .
My " publicist " was my loving wife and our daughter was the intended recipient of the role .
However , for a long list of reasons that only lawyers could love , you must be at least eighteen to appear on any television show as a non-union walk - on .
In most cases , you can't even attend a sitcom taping unless you are eighteen .
Or go to comedy club .
Since the Scrubs producers kindly allowed her to join me on the set , I may still have to clear a spot for that " Dad of the Year " trophy .
It was easy to memorize my lines , because I did n't have , and did n't expect , any -- a " walk - on " role is loosely defined , but is essentially an " extra " which is rarely , if ever , a speaking role .
Winning a walk - on role in a contest or a charity auction is n't going to jump - start an acting career , but if you are as lucky we were , you 'll have the opportunity to meet some terrific , hardworking people , learn a little about television or film production and have a lot of fun .
( By the way , I did have a reserved parking spot waiting for me , though my name had been spelled " V I S I T O R " ) .
Spoiler alert :
If you have n't seen any season three episodes yet , you may want to read the original version of this story instead of continuing ahead .
Admissions
I made the travel arrangements and finalized our vacation plans for what would be a whirlwind week .
We 'd been to Disneyland before , so we gave this trip a Hollywood focus .
We made arrangements to tour the Los Angeles area by helicopter , see a traditional sitcom being filmed ( ' Still Standing ' ) , walk around Hollywood and the Walk of Fame , visit Paramount Studios and the set of ' Star Trek : Enterprise ' , swim with the dolphins at " Sea World " , and window shop on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills .
And , though all of those things were very cool , the ' Scrubs ' walk - on role and set visit was the highlight of the trip .
On the Tuesday before our flight out to L.A. , associate producer Danny Rose called to confirm the arrangements .
He indicated that although the script was n't yet finished , Monday the 9th looked good .
Two days later , I came home to a message on the answering machine that confirmed it .
" Hey , it 's Danny at Scrubs - Monday is the most perfect day I 've ever seen an interior walk - on ever do .
It is all perfect scenes .
Every single scene will have background , so I 'm really glad this is working out great for Monday . "
I called him back , we finalized the details and traded cell phone numbers in case there were any last minute changes , but it was now official - the admissions work for our once in a lifetime visit to Sacred Heart Hospital was complete .
Arriving at Sacred Heart Hospital
Unlike most television shows , Scrubs is n't filmed on a studio soundstage .
Instead , the production company , Touchtone Television , leases the former North Hollywood Medical Center in Century City , now transformed into the fictional Sacred Heart Hospital , to use as the Scrubs studio .
Using a former hospital provides realism to the show that would have otherwise been difficult to achieve on a typical Hollywood soundstage .
The four - story building and an adjacent one also house production offices , facilities and other non-hospital sets used for the show .
During filming for the first season , there were occasions where people drove in , thinking it was still a working medical facility .
That seems less likely to happen today .
Closed to the public since 1998 , any signs on the unassuming building which may have indicated it was a hospital have long since been covered up or removed .
Most viewers would n't recognize the building from the street - the stock exterior shots for ' Scrubs ' were filmed outside another hospital elsewhere in Los Angeles .
It 's easy to miss if you 're not looking for it , though I 'm sure some are confused whenever the Sacred Heart ambulance is parked out on the street , as it was when we first arrived .
We pulled in to the security gate at about 7:45 am , checked in with the guard and parked in the aforementioned visitor 's space .
The parking lot is long and narrow , and was n't nearly as large as I expected .
On the south section of the lot a series of trailers were parked next to a number of tents that served as an outdoor dining area .
We said hello to a couple of police officers near the canteen truck and continued fifty yards or so to the emergency entrance .
When we saw the Sacred Heart signs for the first time , we paused to appreciate where we were .
Once inside , we proceeded down the hall and a guard directed us to a back elevator , which took us to the third floor production offices .
Danny had told me who to look for , but not where to find them .
A very friendly assistant directed us back down to the first floor and in past an area dressed as Sacred Heart Information Services .
There was a large open area with a few sofas and chairs with clothes racks all around .
A few dozen extras in various hospital garb were sitting , chatting , reading or watching a small TV .
I was introduced to Oorala Yamada , the production assistant in charge of the background actors and one of my contacts for the day .
We went into her office to go review details of the walk - on role .
She asked me if I wanted to be a doctor .
I 'm not sure what the other options were , but being a doctor was my first choice anyway .
I did n't have my reading glasses so I do n't know what the fine print said , but I signed the release and became the latest addition to the fictional medical staff of Sacred Heart hospital .
Becoming " Dr. Greg Bilson , Jr. , M.D. "
We went down the hall to the extra 's wardrobe department , a small room with a surprising variety of outfits and costumes .
An assistant fitted me with an official Sacred Heart lab coat and found a tie that complemented my shirt .
On the far side of the open area there was a door with a large " This is a prop yourself show " sign on poster board which provided instructions on what was required for each extra , depending on type of role .
As a doctor , I needed a red - striped ID badge and a black stethoscope .
My wife and daughter helped look though a box of badges , looking for one that was a close match .
They decided that the badge for " Dr. Greg Bilson , Jr , M.D. " was the best bet .
I found out later it did n't matter - except for the principals , you do n't see the pictures on screen anyway .
Most extras had badges depicting a different race , age , hair color or even gender .
We looked at a variety of " Sacred Heart " forms and paperwork on the prop cart clipboards - a small example of the detail we would see throughout the day that most viewers will never notice .
It takes a village to film a show
Oorala indicated there were some director 's chairs set up for us in Video Village , which was then located in the hallway outside the side pharmacy window .
Video Village is the mobile nerve center of the production , with video monitors set up to provide the camera eye view and headsets to listen to the dialogue as picked up by boom operator Kevin Santy .
In the front row were silk - screened director 's chairs for episode director Richard Wells and script supervisor Denise Karey , then those for Executive Producer Bill Lawrence and Director of Photography John Inwood , and then ours .
Our chairs were n't personalized , but they were surprisingly comfortable and provided a great vantage point to watch the production .
We spent much of the morning in Video Village talking with Richard , John , and various crew members .
I would have loved to talk with series creator Bill Lawrence , but he was not on set that day .
The view from Video Village
Director Richard Wells shows off his new megaphone ,
courtesy of the prop department
Probably the only time all day that script supervisor
Denise Karey was n't in her chair
This site was updated after the episode was first broadcast .
The original version ( without spoilers ) can be found here .
For more information on [ Scrubs ] , visit the show 's NBC web site , the production company website or this terrific Scrubs fan site .
Learn more about the Minorities in Broadcast Training Program or see TV and Hollywood items they have on their auction site .
Broadcast images and text of Scene 22 from Scubs episode " My Fault " copyright 2004 by Touchtone Television .
Unless otherwise identified , all text , pictures and video on this site is copyright 2004 by justbecauseican.com and may not be downloaded or otherwise used without written permission .
All ownership claims are subordinate to those of the production company , Touchtone Television and NBC .
All rights to characters and images from Scrubs are reserved by Touchtone Television Productions .
See terms of use here .
Comments ?
Send me an e-mail .
This page best viewed in a maximized browser window at a resolution of 1024x768 or better .
Page last updated Friday March 25 , 2005
Les panneaux dans les rues sont nombreux .
Je n’ai appris à les reconnaitre que très tard , au moment où j’ai passé mon permis de conduire .
Parfois , ( mais c’est rare ) , je peux croiser un panneau étrange ou détourné .
Celui que l’on rencontre le plus fréquemment est le panneau STOP auquel une suite comme « la guerre » ou « la coke » est ajoutée .
C’est à ce moment là que le quotidien glisse vers l’inconnu , il prend un côté surnaturel .
La réalité devient presque une fiction .
Tout ça , à cause d’un simple détournement .
Parfois aussi c’est la réalité qui rejoint la fiction et de vrais panneaux de signalisation viennent surprendre la monotonie grise , nous rappelant que rien n’est figé , même pas la routine .
If only the Universe could be rebooted as simply as on the picture above .
I ’m sure each one of us would be pushing the button at least once in one ’s life .
But the button itself would be pushed again and again by stangers .
And we would have to live our life again and again .
Unless we can reboot the button itslef …
Congestion Zone
Beware alligators
You are not Cool
Bicycle Beware
High fives are pretty great
Bad art ahead
Peter Gibson aka .
Roadsworth
Good luck sign
No Pee Sign
Attention !
Stop All War sign
Signs , you ’ve always seen what they do …
Now hear what they have to say
Baghdad , Iraq ( CNN ) -- Gunmen wearing military uniforms stormed houses and killed 25 people in a Sunni village near Baghdad , officials said Saturday .
Five of the dead were women .
Most of the victims were shot in the head , and all were found handcuffed , police officials in Baghdad said .
The attack involving at least 20 gunmen took place late Friday in a village in Arab Jabour , a predominantly Sunni region about 15 miles southeast of the capital , authorities said .
The area was once a hotbed of insurgents until the birth of Awakening Councils or the Sons of Iraq , which set about to reduce violence and provide security for residents .
Most of the victims in Friday 's attacks were local Sons of Iraq members .
Authorities said the mass shooting appears to be the work of al Qaeda in Iraq but stressed the investigation is ongoing .
Iraqi security forces initially arrested 25 suspects but released several due to insufficient evidence , police said .
Purchasing a military uniform is quite easy in Iraq .
In Baghdad , several shops sell police and army uniforms for less than $ 15 .
It is one of the oldest jokes in the gerontologists ' book – if you want to live to a grand age , choose your parents carefully .
Jeanne Calment , who had the longest confirmed human life span in history , attributed her longevity – she died in 1998 aged 122 years , five months and 14 days – to a diet rich in olive oil , regular glasses of port and her ability to " keep smiling " .
But destiny undoubtedly played the most important part .
We spend millions of pounds each year on anti-ageing tonics , potions , vitamins and creams , trying to stave off the ravages of the years .
But our genetic inheritance trumps all other factors in determining how well we age and how long we live .
By unravelling the genetic determinants of longevity , scientists believe they will be able to manipulate them to add not only years to life , but also life to years .
An elixir of youth remains a distant dream but medicines to help us live longer and better are moving closer .
At a conference this week , Turning Back the Clock , organised by the Royal Society , researchers described the progress that has been made in the science of ageing .
At least 10 gene mutations have been identified that extend the lifespan of mice by up to half , and in humans several genetic variants have been linked with longevity .
They include a family of genes dubbed the sirtuins , which one Italian study found occurred more commonly in centenarian men than in the general population .
A subsidiary of drug giant GlaxoSmithKline is now looking at sirtuins , and their association with a range of age - related diseases including type 2 diabetes and cancers .
Other gene variants affect the production of growth hormone and insulin - like growth factor ( IGF ) , both of which increase metabolism – organisms with higher metabolism tend to die sooner .
A possible of way of slowing ageing would be to slow metabolism by blocking receptors for growth hormone and IGF .
A small Massachusetts biotech company , Proteostasis , is investigating this pathway involving IGF as a potential target for anti-ageing drugs .
Another key drug target is an enzyme called cholesteryl ester transfer protein ( CETP ) , which affects levels of " good " cholesterol , that help protect against heart disease .
Drugs that inhibit the enzyme are being developed by two other major pharmaceutical companies , Merck and Roche .
Also promising , but still far from yielding concrete results , are telomeres , which are present in every cell .
Activating telomerase , an enzyme which lengthens the telomeres , may extend cell lifespan .
Developments such as these herald a new era of longevity research and drugs based on them will " probably be available for testing from 2012 " , Professor Nir Barzilai of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York told the conference .
He said : " I 'm seeing 100 - year - olds who are not only 100 years old but in great shape .
They 're driving and painting , and they say life is beautiful .
I have this bias that makes me believe we have the ability as a species to get to 100 if we prevent some of these age - related diseases . "
Centenarians tended to have genes that delayed the onset of conditions such as Alzheimer 's and heart disease .
" When they eventually die they die of the same things that people die of in their seventies and eighties .
It 's just that they do so 30 years later , " Professor Barzilai said .
" The cost of treating 100 - year - olds in their last two years of life is a third of what it costs to treat somebody aged 70 to 80 .
People who die between 70 and 80 are sick in the last few years of their life .
Centenarians are dying healthy , all of a sudden . "
His " vision " was of a once - daily pill that would stave off the effects of old age and would probably be taken when a person reached their forties or fifties .
But to achieve it , ageing would need to be classed as a treatable condition in order to stimulate the research funds needed to develop it .
Drugs regulators in the US and Europe would only licence medicines for specific illnesses , not for something as general as ageing .
" [ Ageing ] is something that is very important in the background .
It needs to be defined as a disease , " he said .
Consumers in the West need little persuading – we devote a large amount of time and money to holding back ageing .
It is an irresistible target for " snake oil salesmen " .
Hundreds of compounds that are claimed to boost memory and learning ability are available over the internet .
Cosmetic surgery is booming and anti-ageing - products are the fastest - growing area of the UK's £ 673 m skincare market , according to analysts Mintel .
Three years ago , an anti-ageing skin cream called Protect and Perfect by No7 caused near riots as shoppers scrambled to get their hands on it after a BBC Horizon programme revealed laboratory tests showed it worked better than more expensive creams .
Boots sold almost six million tubes in the nine months following the programme , proving the marketing power of hard science .
In 2009 a study published in the British Journal of Dermatology confirmed its superiority and it became the first anti-ageing cream scientifically proven to eliminate wrinkles .
Ageing cannot be reversed but it could , perhaps , be delayed .
The emergence of the extremely old population has only happened in the past 50 years and is chiefly due to improvements in the health , lifestyle and environment of the elderly that started in the 1950s – how we eat and drink , where we live , what we do .
Life expectancy soared by more than 30 years in richer nations during the 20th century and shows no sign of slowing .
It has risen steadily , by three months every year , for the past 160 years , and there is no reason to think it has hit a limit .
In the early part of the last century , improvements in infant and child survival contributed most to growing life expectancy , but since the 1950s , the biggest gains have been in the over - eighties , who now have more than twice the chance of surviving to be 90 .
We are living better for longer , and spending fewer of our extra years disabled and dependent on others .
What worries most people about ageing is losing their faculties and the ability to perform the daily tasks of living – eating , dressing , bathing and getting around .
But despite increases in cancer and chronic conditions such as diabetes and arthritis , disability has been falling .
This apparent paradox is explained by earlier diagnosis and improved treatments which have rendered these conditions less disabling .
In the future , more of us will fall ill , but the illnesses will affect us less .
The result is that we may live to see our great - grandchildren and even our great - great - grandchildren .
Within a couple of generations living to be 100 could be as routine as collecting a bus pass is today .
Some scientists go further and believe the first person to live to 150 may already have been born .
Increased longevity is one of the modern world 's great successes , but long life without health is an empty prize .
As Jeanne Calment indicated on her 122nd birthday : those who live moderately live long .
The old , old story : A brief history of anti-ageing products
210BC
Fearing the advancing hand of death , Emperor Qin Shi Huang dispatched a Taoist by the name of Xu Fu , with a party of hundreds , in search of a mythical 1,000 - year - old magician in possession of the elixir of life .
The party never came back ( legend says they founded modern Japan instead ) and Shi Huang checked into his own mausoleum shortly afterwards , to be guarded for eternity by the Terracotta Army .
44BC
It is said that Cleopatra , Queen of Ancient Egypt , took baths of asses ' milk to preserve the beauty and youth of her skin .
Legend says that 700 of the animals were needed to provide the quantity of milk necessary for her daily wash .
In modern Egyptian beauty salons , popular treatments include lymphatic face drainage , a type of massage that focuses on releasing fluid from the sinuses .
AD1020
The Persian Avicenna , the pre-eminent physician of his time , published The Canon of Medicine , marking the arrival in mainstream medicine of hirudotherapy , or leeches .
Avicenna advocated its treatment for skin disease , setting in chain 900 years of rather misguided medical adventure , which has recently staged a comeback .
( In 2008 , a 45 - year - old Demi Moore , whose husband , Ashton Kutcher , is 15 years her junior , admitted that she had gone to a leech therapist in Austria to " detoxify my blood " . )
1558
Upon Elizabeth
I 's accession to the throne , the Virgin Queen 's pale pallor rapidly became all the rage among 16th - century Wams ( wives and mistresses ) .
The most effective method was the application of Venetian ceruse , also known as Spirits of Saturn .
Unfortunately it contained white lead , which , being poisonous , led to hair loss and , in cases of extreme overuse , death .
1834
The French perfumer Eugene Rimmel opened a store in Regent Street , London , marking the beginning of the cosmetic industry as we know it .
The Young Ladies Journal regularly directed its wrinkle - panicked correspondents through its doors .
" Before going out of doors , bathe the face in warm water , and then apply Rimmel 's Lotion ( No 2 curative ) " , it advised in 1873 .
2007
Boots stores all over Britain are mobbed after a BBC Horizon programme concludes their No 7 Protect & Perfect beauty serum might actually work .
Within 24 hours , 50,000 British women sign up to waiting lists for the cream .
When stock is eventually released , the £ 17.25 serum is soon changing hands on eBay for up to £ 75 a bottle .
2009
Scientists suggest the antifungal agent rapamycin , found in the soil on Easter Island and produced by bacteria , has life - extending properties .
It is already used as an immunosuppressor to prevent organ rejection in transplant patients .
They predict further research on the compound could lead to a genuine " anti-ageing " pill .
Tom Peck
Want to live to longer ?
Here are six things that will help
Eat moderately
The greatest enemy of extending life expectancy is growing obesity .
Its effects could rapidly approach and exceed those of heart disease and cancer , doctors warn .
A diet high in fruit and vegetables and low in saturated fat is both healthy and the best way of avoiding excessive intake of calories .
Take regular exercise
Keeping fit is the elixir of youth .
Even 30 minutes of regular gentle exercise three times per week , such as walking or swimming , can add years to your life expectancy .
For someone aged 50 who has not taken regular exercise , a brisk walk for half an hour three times a week can take ten years off their physiological age .
Be sociable
A sense of community , is a vital ingredient in a long and happy life .
Most research shows that people with family , friends , partners or pets , live longer .
Being religious is also helpful – studies have indicated that those who go to a place of worship are healthier than their faithless counterparts .
Keep your brain active
Playing chess , Sudoku or similar games is thought to offer protection from dementia , but this may come from the human contact as much as the intellectual challenge .
Drinking alcohol only in moderation , and keeping blood pressure and cholesterol under control are also important in preventing dementia
Get your health checked
To last a century , stay ahead of life - threatening illnesses .
For women regular screening for breast and cervical cancer saves more than 1,000 lives a year .
Men and women aged 60 to 69 are offered free bowel cancer screening .
GPs also offer blood pressure and cholesterol testing .
Enjoy life
Modern love is so perilous .
The Missed Connection after the jump .
[ Craigslist ]
You stuck my flash drive in your vagina - m4w - 25 ( philadelphia )
Date : 2010 -04-20 , 3:04 PM EDT
You stuck my flash drive in your vagina .
If you are reading this , you know who you are .
I do n't think this is a fad sweeping the city , so this one 's for you .
We met at a Millcreek Tavern .
You said you were from Lancaster .
You were beautiful , you liked me .
It was perfect .
But then …
We went back to my apartment .
We watched The Breakfast Club .
You had never seen it before .
We then ended up in my bed , as planned .
And had sex , as planned .
You looked beautiful half covered in my sheets when I left to use the bathroom .
When I came back , this is what I saw :
You standing naked at my computer .
You with your hand on the keyboard , not typing .
You grabbing the flash drive .
The flash drive pops out .
You look at it .
You squat a little bit .
You insert it into your vagina , like a tampon .
I am speechless .
You proceed to get dressed , say you have to go home , and leave .
The number you gave me does n't work .
I am confused .
I 'd like to see you again .
I 'd like to see my flash drive again .
Your name is Rebecca .
You have long blond hair .
Please get in touch .
I am a very understanding person .
Location : philadelphia
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
PostingID : 1701584027
The conventional wisdom in energy - and - environment circles is that China 's economy , which is growing at a rate of eight percent or more per year , is mostly coal powered today and will continue to be so for decades to come .
Coal is cheap and abundant , and China uses far more of it than any other nation .
The country is trying to develop other energy sources fast — including nuclear , solar , and wind — but these wo n't be sufficient to reduce its reliance on coal .
That 's one of the reasons it is important for the U.S. to develop " clean coal " technology , which China can then begin to adopt so as to reduce the horrific climate impacts of its coal - heavy energy mix .
Most of this conventional wisdom is correct , but some of it is plain wrong — so wrong , in fact , that environment - , economic - , and energy - policy wonks are constructing scenarios for the future of U.S. and world energy , and for the global economy , that bear little or no resemblance to the reality that is unfolding .
Let 's see if we can sort what 's right from what 's not , and see also if doing so can help us paint a more accurate picture of where China , and the rest of the world , are actually headed .
Runaway Train
It is true of course that China 's coal consumption is enormous and growing , and that coal is the basis of the Chinese economy , fueling over 80 percent of electricity generation .
China 's coal output grew an astonishing 28.1 percent from first quarter 2009 to first quarter 2010 , to over 750 million metric tons consumed in just the past three months .
But this is a situation that is patently unsustainable — not just because of the carbon emissions it entails , but because China simply does n't have enough coal to continue growing its consumption much longer .
Start with the stats and do some simple math .
China is now mining and burning over three billion tons of coal per year .
If the nation 's coal consumption grows at , say , seven percent per year , that means consumption will double in ten years ( its annual growth rate was actually over nine percent in one or two of the last several years , implying a doubling every eight years — but let 's be conservative and assume seven percent growth ) .
In that case , by 2020 China would be using about six billion tons per annum .
It takes some reflection to come to terms with the enormity of these figures .
In 2000 , China 's coal consumption was only marginally higher than that of the U.S. Today , a decade later , it is three times U.S. consumption .
( It is worth noting that the U.S. has double China 's coal reserves . )
Combine unprecedented consumption levels with furious growth rates and you quickly arrive at absurdities and impossibilities .
As in , it wo n't happen .
The wheels will fall off the wagon first .
There Are Limits
It takes infrastructure to mine and use coal .
Rails and rail wagons , plus trucks and roads , are needed to move coal from mines to power plants .
Then there are the mines themselves , as well as the boilers and turbines that actually produce electricity .
( In this essay we will not further consider the vital importance of coal to China 's steel industry , and the necessity of steel for manufacturing and economic growth in general . )
China is building all of these at a frenetic pace — but the relentless math of exponential growth is starting to hit home .
Doubling small levels of production and consumption is relatively easy in practical terms , but , as quantities expand , the task balloons .
China accomplished an amazing feat by adding almost two billion tons per year of coal production and consumption capacity and transport infrastructure during the past decade .
Adding another three billion tons per year of capacity during the next decade would be — well , nearly twice as big a feat .
Imagine building mining and transport infrastructure three times the size of the entire U.S. coal and rail industries in just ten years .
That 's what it will take for China to maintain seven percent growth rates .
It takes other resources to consume coal ; crucially , water is needed to run coal power plants .
A typical 500 - megawatt coal - fired power plant uses about 2.2 billion gallons of water each year to create steam for turning its turbines — enough water to support a city of 250,000 people .
In recent months droughts have wracked huge sections of China , idling hydroelectric dams and stoking demand for coal .
If the droughts recur and worsen ( as climate - change scenarios suggest ) , at some point nuclear and coal power plants will be forced to shut down as well , leading to the kinds of electricity supply problems that are already plaguing Pakistan and dozens of other nations , where the lights are off for hours each day even in the largest cities .
And so , partly due to these factors , but primarily because most of the highways , shopping malls , and appliances that the Chinese people are likely to need for a while have by now already been built , China is entering a period characterized by what are called " saturation effects , " which will result in significant slowdowns in key industrial energy consuming sectors of the economy .
China 's infrastructure boom that has driven so much of energy demand growth in the past decade has probably peaked , so that growth in cement and steel demand will soon taper off .
While the nation 's stimulus package , representing 40 percent of GDP , has extended the party , it will play out over the next year or so and probably can't be repeated .
But that still leaves a smoldering question : can China 's coal industry continue to supply domestic demand with even modest rates of growth going forward , declining perhaps to something more on the order of two percent per year ?
If It 's Not There , You Can't Burn It
According to the World Coal Institute , China has reserves totaling a little over 110 billion tons .
That 's almost 37 years ' worth of coal at current rates of consumption ( i.e. , three billion tons per year ) .
But to assume that China wo n't have coal supply problems until 37 years have passed is also to assume two absurdities : that Chinese demand , production , and consumption of coal will remain constant ; and that after maintaining this steady rate of extraction and consumption for 37 years , China will one day suddenly discover that its coal has run out .
In the real world , China 's demand for coal is expected to grow .
Adding ten percent annual consumption growth to the forecast would yield a reserves lifetime of only 16 years .
While a sustained rate of growth this high is extremely unlikely , the principle is worth keeping in mind .
Also in the real world , production profiles plotted over time assume the shape of a distorted bell curve that starts at zero and ends at zero , with a peak somewhere in between .
We know this is true for coal extraction because several regions in the world have already seen a peak and substantial decline of extraction rates , while no region has so far managed to maintain a high , steady rate of production ( or a growing rate of production ) until reserves suddenly reached exhaustion .
This means that China 's coal production will peak and begin to decline significantly sooner than reserves - to - production ratios ( 37 at steady rates , or 16 with ten percent annual growth ) would suggest .
Could China increase its coal reserves ?
In principle , yes .
Reserves are defined as the portion of the total coal resource base that geologists believe can be mined economically .
New mining technology and higher coal prices could impact those estimates .
However , the overwhelming trend globally is for reserves to be downgraded to mere resources as geologists take into account more restrictions on the amount of coal that is practically recoverable — restrictions like location , depth , seam thickness , and coal quality .
It is this general trend that causes some analysts to doubt China 's official reserves figure of 187 billion tons ( which is notably higher than estimates published by World Energy Council , World Coal Institute , and others ) : the coal is certainly there , but — like the great majority of coal elsewhere in the world — most of it is probably destined to stay right where it is .
In my 2009 book Blackout : Coal , Climate and the Last Energy Crisis , I surveyed four studies forecasting the timing of the peak of China 's coal production .
At one extreme , a 2006 study by Energy Watch Group of Germany used a reserves figure of 62.2 billion tons to forecast a peak of production for 2015 , with a rapid production decline commencing in 2020 .
At the other extreme was a 2007 study by Chinese academics Tao and Li published in Energy Policy , which used the Chinese government 's official coal reserves figure of 187 billion tons to arrive at a peaking date between 2025 and 2032 .
None of these forecasts envisioned the rapid growth in Chinese coal production that has actually occurred over the past few years .
This predictive failure could be interpreted in one of two ways : it suggests either that China 's coal reserves are larger than previously estimated , thus permitting a higher sustained rate of extraction ; or that Chinese officials have forced extraction rates to the absolute maximum level sooner rather than later in order to support economic growth , thus hastening the production peak — which could therefore possibly occur even before the earliest forecast date ( 2015 ) .
No Alternatives
Economic growth requires energy , and China needs economic growth to maintain domestic political stability and international competitiveness .
If there 's not enough coal to support the nation 's energy growth , then other options must be considered .
China is developing alternative energy sources ; can these be brought on line fast enough to make a difference ?
Let 's do some numbers .
China aims to have 100 gigawatts ( GW ) of wind power capacity by 2020 , and the nation 's leaders plan to expand installed solar capacity to 20 GW during the same period .
These are truly astonishing goals , and , if China even comes close to accomplishing them , it will become the world 's renewable energy leader .
But there is a problem : total Chinese electricity generation capacity is 900 GW currently ; with seven percent growth , that means the nation 's electricity demand in 2020 will be something like 1800 GW .
Wind and solar together would supply less than seven percent of that .
The only thing likely to boost that percentage much would be a dramatic reduction in growth of energy demand to , say , two percent annually .
The situation with nuclear power is similar : China has 11 atomic power plants now and is in the process of building 20 more , with a target of 60 GW of generating capacity , or possibly more , by 2020 .
But this will supply only between three and five percent of total electricity demand , depending on energy demand growth rates .
The conclusion is unsettling but inescapable : China 's reliance on coal cannot be significantly reduced as long as its demand for electrical power continues to grow at anything like current rates .
And even if energy demand growth tapers off and alternative energy sources come on line quickly , the country 's ability to supply enough coal domestically will still be challenged .
Imports Can't Make Up the Difference
China has been self - sufficient in coal until recently ( importing some coal but exporting just as much or more ) , but supply problems over the last couple of years have led to burgeoning imports and shrinking exports .
If Chinese coal mines can no longer cover the nation 's demand , why not just expand imports still further to make up the difference ?
China will import 150 million tons ( Mt ) of coal this year , twice what it imported last year .
That 's not much , if we think of it as a percentage of the nation 's total coal consumption .
But that 150 Mt represents over 60 percent of the total exports of Australia , the world 's top coal exporter .
This means if Chinese imports double again next year — not an unrealistic scenario — China will need to import more coal than Australia can currently provide .
One more doubling of import demand and China will be wanting to import 600 million tons per year , about the total amount of coal exported by all exporting nations last year .
Can Australia expand its coal production ?
Yes , it can and no doubt will .
Likewise Indonesia and South Africa .
But will any or all of these countries be able to grow exports fast enough to keep up with Chinese demand ?
Again , expansion will be limited by infrastructure requirements — ships , ports , trains , and rails .
It takes time to build all of these .
By the latter decades of the 21st century , Australia could be the world 's biggest coal producer , even though that nation 's coal reserves are smaller than those of the U.S. , China , or India .
( How can this be ?
It would simply occur as a result of the latter high - consuming nations gobbling up their own reserves so quickly and so soon ; Australia has been a fairly minor producer up to this point . )
But that will do China little good over the next decade or so , if its domestic coal production peaks and goes into steep decline .
China 's increasing reliance on coal imports is not good news for India , Europe , and other coal importers .
India burns 500
Mt of coal per year and is facing growing problems with its domestic mining industry .
The solution appears to be , unsurprisingly , to import more coal .
India wants to grow its economy at seven percent annually , just as the Chinese are doing , and India 's economy is just as coal - dependent as China's .
Until recently , coal has been a resource used mostly in the country of origin .
Internationally traded coal was a fairly small percentage of the total amount consumed globally — a situation quite different from that with oil , over half of which is exported from the country of origin .
However , there is an increasing trend toward the development of an integrated global coal market — and it appears that trend is about to go into overdrive .
This means that if Chinese and Indian demand for coal imports pushes up the price for export coal ( as it almost certainly will , and probably quite dramatically ) , the result will be higher coal prices everywhere — even within nations that are self - sufficient in the resource .
After all , if a coal mining company in the U.S. can get twice the price for its product by selling it abroad as opposed to selling it domestically , wo n't it opt to export ?
Unless governments implement export curbs or domestic price caps , the international export price of coal will end up being the domestic price for countries everywhere .
Yet if coal prices go too high , that will cause demand to fall , as potential coal buyers choose other energy sources or simply do without .
The result will be the same kind of volatility in coal prices as we have seen in oil prices over the past few years .
That price volatility will undermine energy markets in general , and poorer nations that use coal will consistently be outbid .
Implication for the U.S. : Forget " Clean Coal "
Now : what does any of this have to do with " clean coal " technology ?
Also known as Carbon Capture and Sequestration ( CCS ) , " clean coal " is touted as the solution to one of the biggest conundrums facing industrial civilization in the 21st century : how to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and thus prevent catastrophic climate change , while maintaining growth in energy supplies and therefore in economic activity .
Since nobody in a position of authority can seemingly figure out how to maintain economic growth while cutting coal out of the energy equation globally , and since nearly everyone assumes coal will remain cheap and abundant far into the foreseeable future , the obvious answer to the dilemma is to find a way to continue burning increasing amounts of coal while keeping the resulting CO2 from going into the atmosphere .
We know this can be done — on a small scale .
All of the elements of the technology are already working in various pilot projects .
Oil companies already inject carbon dioxide into oil wells to increase production .
Pipelines , compressors , pumps — none of these requires quantum physics .
There are two hitches : the difficulty of scaling up such an enterprise , and its impact on electricity prices .
As many analysts have pointed out , the sheer size of the proposed operation — if deployed nationally in the U.S. alone , let alone the entire world — will be mind - boggling .
And the costs of all those pipelines , pumps , compressors , and new coal gasification power plants ( these are needed because it 's really difficult and expensive to add CCS onto existing pulverized coal burning power plants ) add up quickly and steeply .
Every energy analyst agrees that this will boost the cost of electricity .
Still , the scheme might just barely work — as long as coal prices remain constant .
However , add much higher coal prices to the equation and the result is electricity costs that will significantly dampen economic growth , make other energy sources comparatively more economically viable — or both .
Conclusion : " clean coal " is an idea whose time will never come .
Now , there are other reasons for assuming that U.S. coal prices will be higher in a decade or so than they are now .
Official estimates of U.S. coal reserves are probably inflated , and domestic supply problems could start to appear sooner than most energy analysts are willing to admit .
Moreover , America 's coal transport infrastructure could be hobbled by higher diesel prices if world oil production goes into decline soon ( as increasing numbers of analysts foresee ) , since transport costs often account for the lion 's share of the delivered price of coal .
But even if we ignore those looming systemic limits and consider only the implications of China 's growing demand for coal imports , it 's clear that U.S. coal prices can go nowhere but up .
The only thing likely to keep them from doing so would be a collapse of the Chinese — and the global — economy .
China : Leading the Global Economy … Into the Ditch
Some commentators are concerned about China 's economy for reasons that have nothing to do with coal .
The prime example : it would appear that Beijing has a problem with over - reliance on property development as an engine of domestic economic growth .
One of those sounding the alarm on this score is hedge fund manager James Chanos , founder of Kynikos Associates Ltd. ; he says China is " on a treadmill to hell , " and that the nation is " Dubai times a thousand . "
He has also been quoted as saying , " They can't afford to get off this heroin of property development .
It is the only thing keeping the economic . . . numbers growing . "
A bursting of China 's property bubble could collapse the nation 's economy quickly and soon .
But it is essentially a problem of money , and money is a creation of the human mind .
Currencies can be reformed ; banking systems can be reorganized .
Such things are painful and take time , but they are certainly possible — and historic examples are numerous .
Energy is different .
Without energy , nothing happens .
Transport systems stall ; building construction and manufacturing cease .
The lights go out .
You can't make energy out of nothing and you can't call it into existence with computer keystrokes , as bankers can do with money .
Generating electrical power requires physical resources , infrastructure , and labor .
And so there are natural limits to how much energy we can summon for our human purposes at any given time .
China has become a great manufacturing powerhouse largely because it was able to grow its energy supply quickly and cheaply .
And so China 's contribution to the world economy is to this extent a function of China 's contribution to world energy .
One significant gauge of this link is the fact that Chinese coal production represents more than double the amount of energy contributed to the world economy as compared to Saudi Arabia 's oil production ( 1,100 million tons of oil equivalent vs. 540 Mtoe . )
If China faces hard energy limits , that means its economy is living on borrowed time .
That also means the world as a whole confronts energy and economic constraints that are harsher , and closer , than we are being told .
Forever Blowing Bubbles ?
High coal prices and " clean coal " do n't mix .
China 's insatiable hunger for more coal will drive up coal prices everywhere .
China can't keep up coal - powered industrial expansion for much longer , nor can the global economy accelerate without the engine of China .
The evidence on these scores could n't be clearer : the numbers we have discussed are fairly uncontroversial , and the math of compounded steady growth is easy .
Still , none of these realities has entered our public discourse .
This fact in itself is really peculiar and disturbing .
We are participating in a slow - motion train wreck , yet all we can manage to discuss is the quality of the food in the dining car .
Maybe this is because acknowledging the train wreck would require us to confront a slew of contradictions at the core of the entire modern industrial project .
Without clean coal , there is no solution to the climate crisis — unless we are willing to contemplate giving up economic growth .
But further growth may be unattainable anyway , as the world approaches fundamental resource limits .
Nobody wants to think about these things , much less talk about them .
Not China 's leaders , nor economists elsewhere , nor many environmentalists , nor politicians , nor journalists .
But we can't wish these limits away .
Impossible things ( like unending economic growth ) wo n't happen just because people want them to .
And awful things ( like the wreck of the China train ) wo n't be averted just because acknowledging them makes us uncomfortable .
There are of course steps that Chinese officials — everyone , in fact — could take to make the situation better .
We should be developing and deploying renewable energy as fast as possible , with a wartime mentality in terms of priority and commitment .
And we should be planning for the end of growth , indeed for economic contraction .
These things will be difficult , there 's no getting around it .
Still , they are possible in principle .
But we will fail for sure if we remain sunk in denial and do not even make the effort .
China 's economic bubble in some ways represents a microcosm of the entire industrial period — itself a relatively brief era of urbanization , fossil - fueled expansion , technological innovation , and unprecedented explosion of consumption .
China has taken only two or three decades to accomplish what some other nations did over the course of a couple of centuries .
This suggests that , for that country , implosion may come just as quickly .
It is all a remarkable spectacle .
Sit back , watch , and marvel if you wish .
But know one thing : unless we collectively wake up , engage the brakes on this runaway train ( and here I am speaking not just of China ) , and start discussing how we will adjust to the end of economic growth as we have known and defined it , none of this will end well .
The trade union Unite has called a court 's block on a 20 - day strike an ' affront to democracy '
Press Association
Britain 's largest trade union claimed it was the victim of a " landmark attack " on the right to strike yesterday after the high court blocked 20 days of walkouts by British Airways cabin crew .
In a verdict that stunned the Unite union , Mr Justice McCombe granted the third injunction against a major transport strike in six months as he overturned an 81 % vote in favour of industrial action .
Hours before staff were due to start the first of four five - day walkouts at midnight , the high court ruled that the strike would breach the 1992 Trade Union Act because Unite 's attempts to inform members of the poll result were inadequate .
The strikes would have affected 1.8 million passengers and cost BA nearly £ 140m .
A BA spokesman said : " We are delighted for our customers that Unite 's plans for extreme and unjustified strike action cannot go ahead . "
However , the airline said Heathrow customers faced disruption until the weekend because it is too late to unwind limited schedules designed to cope with a prolonged walkout .
The implications of the verdict reverberated around the trade union movement last night , following injunctions against a 12 - day Christmas strike by BA cabin crew and a national rail strike over Easter granted on similar technical grounds .
The joint general secretaries of Unite , Tony Woodley and Derek Simpson , said : " This judgment is an absolute disgrace and will rank as a landmark attack on free trade unionism and the right to take industrial action .
Its implication is that it is now all but impossible to take legally protected strike action against any employer who wishes to seek an injunction on even the most trivial grounds . "
Unite said it will apply for an appeal against the injunction in the hope it can reinstate the strikes .
The lawyer credited with the legal strategy that underpinned the defeat of the BA Christmas strike warned that trade unions face considerable difficulty in complying with the 1992 act .
" This reinforces the fact that unions have got to get it right and that companies will be increasingly watchful for any errors , " said Marc Meryon , industrial relations partner at Bircham Dyson Bell .
" It shows that the law is very technical and that the unions have to work hard to comply with it .
But that is part of the price they pay for some of the privileges that they have under the act , including the right to call strikes without liability for the damage which they cause . "
The BA Christmas strike and the national rail walkout by the RMT union were blocked in the high court because of voting irregularities that are strictly prohibited in the 1992 act .
According to legal experts , dozens of industrial disputes have been halted or delayed over the past two years on the same basis .
The judge said he felt " a sense of sadness " that the airline and Unite – which represents more than 90 % of BA 's cabin staff – had not been able to resolve a dispute over reductions to onboard staffing levels .
But he ruled that a Unite strike ballot in February had not complied with a particularly arcane point of law which orders unions to notify not just the result of any ballot to all eligible voters , but also the exact breakdown of votes , including spoiled ballot papers .
He also gave some hope for Unite 's efforts at the court of appeal today , stating that the case was finely balanced .
McCombe granted an interlocutory injunction on a " balance of convenience " , because the cost and impact of not blocking the strike would have been far greater for BA and its passengers , with the airline on course for a two - year loss of £ 1bn .
Yesterday 's ruling could expose Unite to a significant compensation claim because the February ballot was followed by seven days of walkouts in March that cost BA at least £ 43 m .
This time round Unite had planned four waves of five - day strikes from 18 to 22 May , then from 24 to 28 May , 30 May to 3 June , and 5 to 9 June in what would have been BA 's worst ever bout of industrial unrest .
The injunction was part of a double whammy of good news for passengers yesterday as the Civil Aviation Authority relaxed the safety regime for flights affected by volcanic ash .
Unite 's national officer , Steve Turner , said the union was " bitterly disappointed " with the result and would immediately appeal against the decision .
" It 's an affront to democracy and our members and we will be fighting back , " he said .
Turner confirmed that , as the situation stood , the strikes by 11,000 cabin crew would be called off .
The transport secretary , Philip Hammond , said : " This decision is good news for passengers .
However , more strikes are planned and I have met with British Airways and Unite today and made it clear that both parties must get back round the negotiating table urgently . "
BA 's chief executive , Willie Walsh , and the Unite joint general secretaries held talks at the Acas conciliation service yesterday , which broke up without agreement shortly after the high court ruling .
Emerging from the Acas talks , Walsh said the injunction gave Unite an opportunity to " pause and reflect " .
He added that he hoped to run a 100 % service if Unite calls another wave of strikes in a dispute now mired in a row over the withdrawal of staff travel perks from the 5,000 cabin crew who took part in the March strikes .
" What I want to do is to fly 100 % of the schedule and to remove any uncertainty .
But equally it is important that we do that while at the same securing the long - term viability of BA , and that can only be achieved if we progress on permanent structural change to our cost base . "
The TUC's Brendan Barber said : " This is a desperately worrying judgment .
A strike that clearly has majority support has been turned over on a tiny technicality .
This , and other recent decisions , begin to make it look as if there is no effective right to strike in today 's Britain . "
Bob Crow , general secretary of the Rail , Maritime and Transport union , which also called off industrial action after a legal challenge this year , said : " Today 's decision effectively outlaws strike action .
It 's another turn of the screw of the anti-union laws . "
To view these interactive satellite maps in full you will need to download Google Earth .
These locations are not chosen for being particuarly exciting or significant , they are chosen because they can be located on Google Earth , they are high resolution , and they are not just a generic building .
There are definitive lists of EVERY Doctor Who location for Google Earth available elsewhere on the web .
Please joinme on my facebook page for the latest updates on my work .
( Natural News ) The World Health Organization ( WHO ) recently issued a fact sheet warning about the corruption and unethical practices that are endemic to every step of the pharmaceuticals business .
" Corruption in the pharmaceutical sector occurs throughout all stages of the medicine chain , from research and development to dispensing and promotion , " the fact sheet reads .
The medicine chain refers to each step involved in getting drugs into the hands of patients , including drug creation , regulation , management and consumption .
According to WHO data , unethical practices such as bribery , falsification of evidence , and mismanagement of conflicts of interest are " common throughout the medicine chain .
"
The fact sheet also highlights other forms of corruption specific to particular steps in the chain .
For example , clinical trials may be conducted without proper regulatory approval , royalties may be collected through manipulation or disregard of the patent system , and products may be registered with incorrect or insufficient information .
Drugs may be produced through substandard or counterfeit methods , leading to products that are less effective at best , and hazardous at worst .
Corruption can also occur during the drug inspection process , allowing such shoddy products to be given a government seal of approval .
Once drugs have been produced for the market , corruption can occur via the selection of non-essential drugs for different governments ' lists of " essential " medications .
Unethical marketing strategies -- both legal and illegal -- are common throughout the drug business .
Vendors may collaborate with pharmaceutical companies and doctors might be unduly influenced to dispense drugs to gain the greatest profit rather than to produce the greatest benefit for the patient .
This corruption can have serious consequences , the WHO warns .
" Medicines are only beneficial when they are safe , of high quality , and properly distributed and used by patients , " the fact sheet says .
Most obviously , corruption in the drug business can divert medicines away from where they are most needed , while the production of substandard pharmaceutical products can be dangerous to patients ' health .
" Diverted , counterfeit and substandard medicines have been identified in markets of both rich and poor countries , " the fact sheet says .
" Such practices lead to patient suffering and have direct life or death consequences .
" Corruption in the drug business also wastes public resources and " [ erodes ] public and donor confidence in public institutions . "
In Third World countries , as much as 89 percent of health care spending is lost to corruption , while unethical practices cost First World countries an estimated $ 12 billion to $ 23 billion a year .
Worldwide , this amounts to a loss of 10 to 25 percent of all drug procurement spending , or nearly $ 190 billion .
The WHO notes that corruption is so widespread in part because medicines pass through a large number of intermediaries before they reach the patients who need them .
Each extra step provides an opportunity for corruption to take place , ultimately driving up the cost of the medicine or diverting it toward the wrong recipients .
Corruption is especially hard to fight because most cases go unreported .
The WHO attributes this both to fear of retaliation on the part of whistleblowers , and also the institutionalization of corruption " to the point where people feel powerless to influence change in their countries .
" According to the WHO , countries most likely to be plagued with corruption in the pharmaceutical industry are those without " appropriate legislation or regulation of medicines ; enforcement mechanisms for laws , regulations and administrative procedures ; [ or ] conflict of interest management . "
" A lack of transparency and accountability within the medicines chain can also contribute to unethical practices and corruption .
" Corruption has real health impacts , the fact sheet emphasizes .
For example , countries with more corruption have higher child mortality rates than other countries with similar health standards .
As part of its efforts to reduce unethical practices in the medicines chain , the WHO launched the Good Governance for Medicines program in 2004 .
This program helps countries evaluate their vulnerability to corruption , then plan and implement programs to reduce it .
Sources for this story include : www.who.int
More About Us :
At Indy Displays , we take pride in our company name and reputation .
Our customer service and attention to detail have led to the Indy Displays name being synonymous with high quality , affordable trade show displays in the greater Indianapolis region .
However , it goes further than that .
We understand our clients take their booths and displays to trade shows all over the country , depending on our reputation as a company whose products will never let them down .
To that end , we work closely with each client to create a custom trade show booth and pop up display that meets their needs while also being reliable , sturdy , and easily portable .
As a company representative with trade show experience , you know that return on investment is always an important consideration for trade show booths .
You also know , as we do , that a lot of time , money , and effort go into a successful presentation .
You do not want to be burdened with a booth and displays that are cumbersome and difficult to use .
That 's why we go to great lengths to construct portable displays that are easy to set up and tear down .
For example , our retractable banners are lightweight , easy to transport , and easy to set up .
Yet once in place , the banner we create for you will be an eye - catching part of your booth that will grab the attention of your potential customers and draw them in .
In order to make sure our portable designs are effective , we work closely with each individual client in order to understand specific needs .
We strive to understand the products and services being offered , the message the client is trying to convey , and so on .
Once we understand these things , we can give our recommendations regarding the best way to reach the company 's goals through the display options we offer .
Whether the best options include retractable banners or one of the other elements we offer , we will design and implement the best plan of action that will maximize the impact of the client 's exhibit .
As far as maximum impact is concerned , it is only possible when every element of a display product works together in harmony with a company 's message .
Moreover , because it takes so much time for our clients to develop their primary messaging points , we do everything we can to enhance that messaging rather than taking any chances of potentially detracting from it .
For example , we always try to develop trade show banners and module display stands that look like a natural fit for our clients ' branding .
When integration is done properly , one of our portable trade show displays will actually support all of your other forms of marketing .
It will also connect with potential customers who already have a positive impression of your company .
If you are concerned that your specifications might be too much for us to handle , let us set your mind at ease .
One of the best things about working with Indy Displays is our ability to work closely with you to develop trade show booths and displays that always meet or exceed client expectations .
We can even build to various size specifications according to your unique needs in Indianapolis and across the country .
Where innovation is concerned , Indy Displays is a leader in custom show booth design that is both effective and eco-friendly .
Our design team can create banner stands , displays , and other exhibit components that will make your company stand out among the competition .
Moreover , we do all of this while providing you with a high quality , affordable , cutting - edge trade show solution .
The little sign on the front door tells me I ’m in the right place .
It warns me that if I knock , I should be prepared for the fact that the people who live here are naturists who more often than not go nude inside their home .
It ’s their naturist lifestyle — or more specifically , some people ’s reaction to it — that brings me here .
Bob and Catharine Pierce are in the midst of a media maelstrom because Catharine likes to garden and take out the trash while topless .
The two were n’t enthusiastic about talking with me .
They feel the media have been unfair to them from the first articles that ran in local papers to far - right pundit Bill O’Reilly ’s calling Catharine “ a pinhead ” on television last month .
With headlines in newspapers as far away as Singapore and widespread commentary in the blogosphere , they ’re understandably leery of reporters .
“ Are you willing to take off your shirt and sit outside with me ? ” Catharine asked when I approached her about the possibility of an interview more than a week ago .
She was asking me to put my money where my mouth was .
I had just finished telling her about the editorials I ’d written in favor of women ’s right to go topless .
But sitting outside wearing little more than a pad of paper and a pencil was not what I had in mind .
“ I wo n’t sit outside , but I will do the interview topless in your living room , ” I offered .
And that ’s what I ’m prepared to do as I stand on the Pierces ’ front porch on a chilly spring day .
Bob Pierce opens the door .
He ’s wearing clothes .
He invites me inside .
When Catharine appears , she ’s also fully dressed — white slacks , white sweater , pretty crystal earrings .
And it immediately becomes clear that demanding I go topless for the interview was just a test .
We settle down in the living room , which , apart from the ceramic mug with a penis for a handle , is no different from the average living room .
I say this as someone who has done a lot of interviews in a lot of living rooms over the years , from that of poor CU students with cinderblock furniture to that of a well - known local attorney who unabashedly keeps hardcore BDSM porn on his coffee table .
I ask Catharine what she thinks about the media ’s coverage of her topless gardening .
“ Most of it is untrue , ” she says .
Some papers , including one in Singapore , gave her credit for the fact that female nipples were n’t banned when City Council recently passed the city ’s new nudity ordinance .
“ I do n’t take the credit .
I give credit to City Council for having the courage to have equality between men and women when it comes to baring their breasts , ” she says .
Catharine has lived in Boulder since 1976 and remembers a time when bare - breasted women could occasionally be seen walking down Pearl Street , when nude sunbathers were common at Coot Lake and Gross Reservoir , and when women hiked while topless .
Born in 1957 and raised in Ohio in a Catholic household , Catharine was introduced to the naturalist lifestyle when she met Bob .
It ’s a lifestyle she embraced , gardening topless for years without complaints while living in Boulder Meadows .
She and her husband , both disabled , moved to public housing operated by Boulder Housing Authority ( BHA ) in 2001 .
At the time , Catharine was
recovering from surgery that fused together vertebrae in her cervical
spine and was too incapacitated to garden .
But her husband immediately
began working in the yard wearing only thong bathing trunks .
And no one
complained .
Sometimes
he worked out nude in the back of their home within view of the window ,
and although they periodically caught women watching him , still no one
complained .
Then three summers ago , Catharine felt strong enough to get back to gardening .
And that meant gardening without a top on .
“ At first I was reluctant to do it , ” she says .
“ I started out being very discrete about it . ”
That meant gardening in the middle of the day when kids were at school and people were at work .
“ Then it developed to the point where , hey , this is natural , ” she says .
At
that point , she quit worrying about being seen and just went about her
business , gardening and taking out the trash or the recycling wearing
as little as a thong bikini bottom .
But
Catharine ’s neighbors , who ’d been silent for years about Bob’s
gardening in a thong — and his working out in front of a window in the
nude — called the police to complain .
“ Bob was doing it for a long time before I was doing it , ” she says .
“ But when I do it , it ’s like , ‘ Wait a minute . ’ ”
What ’s the difference ?
Catharine
takes me outside and shows me the small space she plants with flowers ,
tomatoes and cantaloupes each year .
And it is small , indeed .
Right now ,
the space is home mostly to small weeds , just sprouting .
Tiny tomato
plants , sheltered by cellophane , sit in pots on her front porch ,
waiting for warmer days .
“ I ’ve always enjoyed getting out in the yard and weeding and gardening and beautifying the earth that God gave us , ” she says .
She
is happy to share the small amount of vegetables and fruit that she
grows each year with neighbors or homeless passersby .
It is her way of
saying thank you and giving back to the community , she says .
She
shows me where she typically works when she gardens — a retaining wall
that runs along the sidewalk and around the corner to the front of her
house .
Her perch places her across the street from a park and parking
lot .
Diagonally to the east within line of sight is a school .
It is , in
short , a very visible spot .
But that ’s not the issue , Catharine says .
“ What ’s
the difference between a man ’s chest and a woman ’s chest ? ” she asks .
“ A
woman ’s sticks out more in some cases .
I ’ve seen men with big beer guts
and breasts as large as women ’s walking around with their shirts off . ”
In
fact , the public park across the street , which some people cite as a
reason why Catharine should not be permitted to go topless , is a place
where topless men can often be seen on sunny days .
And no one is
worried about how their bare chests will impact the neighborhood .
It
is , she says , “ very unfair . ”
“ If
a guy can go out here without a shirt while kids are out playing , then
I should be able to , too , ” she says .
“ It ’s men who ’ve made women ’s
breasts into sexual organs because they obsess over them . ”
More
has been made of Catharine ’s proximity to the school .
But she says that
seeing breasts cannot possibly hurt a child — or anyone else for that
matter .
“ I do n’t
think that there ’s anyone who is being hurt by it , ” she says .
“ In fact ,
I believe you should be honest with your children [ and tell them ] ,
‘ It ’s natural .
It ’s beautiful .
And have respect for women . ’”
She
does n’t necessarily believe that people are sincerely concerned about
her exposed breasts because children might see her .
“ If
you do n’t like what I ’m doing , please do n’t use your children as an
excuse , ” she says .
“ Do n’t teach your children that women have to be
entirely covered , but teach them respect .
If more people had respect
and tolerance all over the country , we ’d have a better society . ”
She finds it strange that religion and morality are used as justification to restrict women ’s ability to go topless .
“ The
churches teach people that when the body is uncovered it is sinful , ”
she says .
“ It ’s like putting down God for creating them in his image . ”
And do n’t tell her that going barebreasted in her 50s is somehow offensive due to her age or appearance .
“ I
may not have the most perfect body in the world , but I thank the good
Lord that I have the body that I have today , ” she says .
“ Young girls
may see my body and say , ‘ Oh , yuck , ’ but one day they ’re going to be
this way .
Instead of turning to a plastic surgeon , they should be proud
of what they have . ”
What ’s
wrong and unhealthy , she says , is the way breasts are exploited in
advertising , with images of surgically altered cleavage used to sell
everything from cars to music .
She worries that this cultural obsession
with big boobs will lead young women to have surgery , risking their
health for a bigger cup size .
“ To
me that is just taking away from how your body was created just so you
can attract a man , ” she says .
“ A man should be attracted to you for who
you are . ”
Use the right — or lose it
“ I ’m not out to embarrass other people , but this is part of our beliefs and our lifestyle , ” Catharine says .
The reaction of some passersby and neighbors indicate that not everyone agrees with that lifestyle — or intends to tolerate it .
“ A
woman pulled up at the stop sign and yelled , ‘ Put your clothes on ! ’ ”
Catharine says .
“ To me that was rude .
She could have pulled up next to
me , and she and I could have had a oneon - one conversation . ”
Children have made comments , too .
“ Yeah , there ’s been some comments from kids passing by , but that ’s just kids being kids , ” she says .
At other times , people have pulled up to the stop sign — and stayed there snapping photos .
But
what galls her is the fact that those who object to what she ’s doing
wo n’t come over and talk with her about it , instead complaining to BHA
or the police .
They did n’t even speak at the City Council hearings , she
says .
“ [ BHA ] policy says you should work things out with each other before going through mediation , ” she says , showing me the manual .
In
this case , complaints were made to BHA and the police , and they were n’t
approached personally .
If they would approach her politely and discuss
their concerns , she might be willing to put on a shirt , she says .
Catharine
and Bob believe their lifestyle has left them subject to harassment and
even vandalism .
Last summer , someone destroyed her tomato harvest ,
picking all the green tomatoes off the vines and leaving them in a bag
on her porch .
Someone also smashed some of Catharine ’s cantaloupes , as
well .
“ To me it ’s just mind - boggling , ” she says .
Now
that the new city ordinance has put the question of female breasts to
rest for the foreseeable future — the ordinance requires the covering
of genitalia only — Catharine would like to move on .
But that does n’t
seem to be happening .
BHA ,
which has allowed her to garden for years , is now requiring that all
residents who wish to garden receive permission first .
And although she
asked for permission more than two weeks ago , she has n’t heard back .
She believes the new policy is BHA ’s way of trying to get her out of
the garden and keep her indoors .
( Boulder Weekly placed a call to BHA ,
which did not respond by press time . )
But it ’s not just BHA , Catharine says .
These
days it ’s not uncommon to find a police squad car parked directly
across from the house , its windshield pointed straight at the house ,
she says .
I suggest that they ’re trying to catch speeders in a school zone .
She shakes her head .
“ I’ve
never seen them ticket a speeder [ on this street ] , ” she says .
“ It ’s
like they ’re sitting there waiting for me to come out .
It ’s just plain
harassment . ”
In
recent letters to the editor , some of her neighbors have accused her
and her husband of being exhibitionists , rather than naturalists .
It ’s
an allegation that she dismisses outright .
“ If
I ’m taking out the garbage and I ’m wearing only a thong and it needs to
go out , I take it out , ” she says .
“ I do n’t look out my back window to
see who ’s outside so that I can go out topless .
I just take the garbage
out .
“ It ’s just
like with the recycling .
If there happen to be people out there , oh ,
well .
It ’s not like they have n’t seen it all before .
It ’s not like I ’m
standing up and shaking my jugs all over the place , saying , ‘ Hey , look
at me because I ’m topless . ’”
But she is n’t about to quit going topless
any time soon .
For Catharine it comes down to the issue of equality — and protecting one ’s rights .
“ I
think anywhere a man can go topless , a woman should be able to also .
If
you do n’t use the law to your advantage , then you ’re going to lose that
right that the law gives you , ” she says .
“ To have people telling you
[ you ca n’t go topless ] because they do n’t know what the law is —
they ’re just ignorant .
But ignorance of the law is no excuse .
If you ’re
arrested for something , you ca n’t plead that you did n’t know it was
illegal .
You should be aware of your rights . ”
Catharine now carries the city ordinance so that she can prove that what she ’s doing is legal .
In the meantime , she ’s astonished when she searches for her own name on Google — and finds 89,400 hits .
“ I ’m bewildered to say the least .
Singapore ? ” she says , shaking her head .
“ I never in my life expected for it to go this far . ”
Respond : letters@boulderweekly.com
For most people , there is nothing quite as interesting as other people .
We are incredibly well attuned to what others are doing and thinking – especially if they might be thinking about us .
The choices we make speak volumes about our likes , our hates , our personalities and our social status .
New research published yesterday suggests that our environmental choices are no different .
Over and above the financial or environmental benefits of making low - carbon choices , we value the boost in social status this can provide – what 's important is that we are seen to be going green .
Across three studies , Vladas Griskevicius and his colleagues at the University of Minnesota examined the conditions under which people selected the " green " option when provided with a choice between a regular and environmentally beneficial product .
Some participants read a story about social status and " moving up in the world " before making their choice .
Displaying a phenomenon known as " competitive altruism " , these people opted to " self - sacrifice " and chose the environmentally friendly product , even though it was of inferior quality .
The authors of the study argued that what these participants lost in product functionality , they gained in social status .
Voluntarily engaging in altruistic behaviour sends a powerful signal that you are caring and compassionate enough to take a hit for the team – and that you have the resources to act pro-socially .
Previous research has shown that we take our cues for what is " normal " from those around us , and it seems that we 're even prepared to " self - sacrifice " to boost our social standing .
Combine these two findings and you have a powerful tool for promoting pro-environmental behaviour .
As the long decarbonisation of the transport system begins , will people start competing over the efficiency rather than the acceleration of their cars ?
Interestingly , participants in the study only displayed competitive altruism when they thought that others would be made aware of their choice – or when the green products were highly priced ( signalling high status wealth ) .
Coupled with the recent finding that individuals in an experiment who bought green goodies subsequently displayed more selfish behaviour , does this undermine the seemingly selfless nature of altruistic , pro-environmental behaviour ?
The study certainly provides a window on the psychological basis of greenwash .
When people make a consumer decision they buy into the idea of the product as much as the product itself .
Unfortunately , the " idea " of sustainability can be a remarkably effective way of shifting patently unsustainable goods , and left to their own devices , people will compete to outdo each other on whatever criteria happen to be around .
Flying to an eco - trek in Peru ?
I 'll take two please .
Confronted with a problem like climate change , our consumption - based economy responds in the only way it knows how – by selling sustainability like it sells soap .
But while a desire to be " seen to be green " clearly leaves us vulnerable to the dubious motives of commercial marketing campaigns ( not to mention some ribbing down the pub ) , harnessing the primal urge for social status is critical for promoting pro-environmental behaviours that are more substance than spin .
We may currently compete through demonstrations of conspicuous material consumption , but material goods are simply a marker for social status .
It 's the social status that 's important – and the markers we use to signify it can easily change .
Griskevicius and his colleagues suggest that visible signs , tags and badges are an important aid for signalling to others that a particular behaviour is not just common , but desirable .
Several studies in America have found that rates of recycling were boosted when householders were asked to make a public commitment to recycle , rather than just get on with it quietly .
But paying attention to the social aspects of how and why people take action to protect the environment goes far deeper than displaying a pro-recycling window sticker .
Many environmental messages focus on what others should be doing , but time might be better spent setting a positive example and letting the social status that comes with altruistic behaviour do the hard work .
No one likes to be told what to do , but few of us can resist the temptation to get one over on the Joneses .
And if what the Joneses are doing happens to be good for the environment , then being green to be seen might not be such a bad thing after all .
The Department of Energy has run the numbers on US carbon emissions in 2009 , and found they dropped by about seven percent compared to the previous year , the largest decline the agency has ever seen .
Although the economic downturn had been expected to lower emissions , the slowdown in GDP only accounted for about a third of the change .
Greater efficiencies , less - energy - intensive activities , and a shift away from coal use accounted for the rest .
The numbers have n't been this low since the mid-1990s and , even adjusting for the economy , take us a substantial distance towards President Obama 's goal of cutting emissions to 17 percent below 2005 levels by the end of the decade .
The DOE report , compiled by its Energy Information Administration , provides both a retrospective analysis of the past few decades , and a breakdown of the factors contributing to the most recent year 's decline .
But both of them point in roughly the same direction : the relationship between economic growth and carbon emissions that held in the 1990s no longer exists .
In that decade , carbon emissions grew at about half the rate of the US GDP .
In the more recent decade , GDP growth dropped by half , but carbon emissions actually declined over the course of the decade — by an average of nearly one percent annually .
For 2009 , the report ascribes the large decline in emissions to three factors that had roughly equivalent impacts : the decline in the GDP , a less energy - intensive economy , and a less carbon - intensive energy supply .
The first of those factors is n't especially interesting , so we 'll look at the latter two .
Residential and commercial energy use have remained pretty flat for the last three years , but transportation started a gradual decline in energy consumption in 2007 .
Although 2008 saw a huge decline in driving due to fuel prices , the cost of fuel dropped in 2009 .
As one might expect , total miles traveled rose , although only by a small fraction of a percent .
Nevertheless , total fuel consumption was down from 2008 for every month of the year , spurred in part by an increase of 1.5 mpg in the average fleet fuel economy .
Given that the fuel economy is set to rise rapidly through 2016 , this sector is likely to continue to improve .
But the big change in the energy intensity ( energy burned per unit of GDP ) came from the industrial sector , which has been declining since 2004 .
The report ascribes this to the rapid growth of the electronics industry , which is less energy intensive than industries like the production of primary metals , and therefore has a lower carbon intensity .
A growth in the service economy also contributed .
The industrial sector is still the largest consumer of energy in the US , with transportation now a close second .
The electric power sector became greener still , seeing a drop in carbon intensity of four percent ( compared to about three percent for industrial ) .
In fact , the drop in carbon emissions from the electric sector accounted for over half of the total national decline .
The biggest contributor here was the fall in coal use , which went down by several percent .
That was offset by increases in natural gas , renewables , and nuclear power .
The fall in natural gas prices that has helped drive the shift away from coal has also ensured that the plants that are now coming online are much more efficient .
As a result , the amount of power generated per unit of carbon emissions has been climbing steadily over the last decade .
The rise in nuclear power came despite the fact that no new plants have been built in decades ; we 're simply better at extracting more power from existing facilities .
But the biggest change came from the boom in wind power .
In 2009 , wind produced 71 billion kWhrs of electricity , up from only 6 billion at the start of the decade .
Again , these are trends that seem likely to continue .
The current administration is pushing for licensing and approval of both renewable and nuclear generating capacity , and many states have renewable power mandates on the books .
So , for the next few years at least , it 's likely that the carbon intensity of the electrical power sector will continue to drop .
Obviously , the DOE report recognizes that , if any economic recovery occurs that 's heavily weighted towards energy - intensive activities , these trends may not hold .
But the report suggests that long - term trends are likely to look a lot like the current ones for the reasons mentioned above .
That 's good news for the US ' goals — Obama 's end - of - decade target is certainly looking much more realistic .
But , if the energy - intensive industries end up booming in nations with a greater reliance on coal ( yes , we 're thinking China , too ) , then this may not be as meaningful on the global scale .
IN ALL species that practise sexual reproduction , males and females show gender - specific behaviours .
These range from the way they mate to the way they defend — or fail to defend — their territory .
Both males and females start out with the same template at birth , but then something acts on the male to masculinise him for life .
But nobody knows just how that happens .
It is well known that sex hormones like oestrogen , which is typically seen as a female hormone , and testosterone , similarly seen as a male one , play a role in shaping the neural circuits in the developing brain , and that much of that moulding takes place before birth .
It has also been established that testosterone , as well as being a fully functional hormone in its own right , can be ( and often is ) converted into oestrogen in the body .
Male mice experience a short - lived testosterone surge on the day they are born .
It lasts less than 36 hours and the level then remains low until puberty .
( In human males , there appears to be a similar neonatal surge . )
This pulse of testosterone is believed to be a key event in the masculinisation of the brain .
Nirao Shah and his colleagues at the University of California , San Francisco wanted to find out which neurons in the brain were responding to it .
What they discovered was a surprise .
It was reasonable to think , as many people did , that androgen receptors — which respond to male hormones — were mediating the manly transformation .
But androgen receptors were found to be nearly non-existent in the brains of newborn animals .
Dr Shah could not find them earlier in development either , such as just after the fetal testes first started putting out testosterone in a 13 - day - old embryo .
Without male hormone receptors to respond to testosterone , the researchers started to suspect androgen receptors were not the players they had been assumed to be .
Nor , perhaps , was testosterone .
In their study , published this week in Neuron , the researchers decided to look at male mice which had been genetically engineered to lack androgen receptors in their nervous systems .
These males still had androgen receptors in their muscles and elsewhere , so they had masculine bodies , and they experienced the testosterone surge and responded to normally circulating testosterone .
But their brains were simply not able to detect it .
The mice were compared with normal males in tests of masculinity .
In one , a female was put into the cage .
Interestingly , the genetically modified mice still showed the classic male - mating repertoire — mounting , penetration and ejaculation .
But the researchers noted that they mounted less often , were less apt to penetrate and did not stick at it for as long as the normal mice .
Another test turned up similar results .
Typically , a strange male entering another male 's cage is met with a fight .
Again , the mutant mice behaved appropriately , but they were much less aggressive , spent less time fighting and they took longer breaks between attacks .
The same was found for scent - marking .
Like normal males , the mutant mice urinated in various spots around their cage ( unlike females , who create a single latrine ) .
But they deposited significantly fewer urine marks than the normal males .
Because male - typical behaviours developed as the result of a burst of testosterone , but in the absence of receptors for the hormone , the researchers suspect that the testosterone in the surge is being converted into oestrogen to carry out the newborn sexual - differentiation .
“ Masculinisation of neural pathways in response to the testosterone surge at birth proceeds primarily under the control of oestrogen , ” they conclude .
Androgen receptors are not the master regulators for male behaviours , but rather , the researchers say , a “ gain control mechanism ” which amplifies such behaviours — or , when the receptors are absent , dials laddish behaviour down .
A passenger plane has crashed in Libya , killing more than 100 people on board , officials in the capital Tripoli say .
The Airbus 330 crashed on landing at Tripoli airport after a flight from Johannesburg , Afriqiyah Airways said .
There were 61 Dutch nationals were among the 93 passengers , a Dutch tourism official said .
A Dutch boy was the sole known survivor .
British and South African passengers were also thought to have been on board .
The 11 crew were said to be Libyan .
A spokesperson for Airports Company South Africa said the majority of passengers on board were due to connect with flights to Europe .
Watch as some Dutch marines board a container ship that had been hijacked by Somali pirates .
The footage is from a camera mounted on one of the marines ’ helmets .
The Sharks Foundation “ Sharks Player of the Year ” award is given to the player contributing most to the success of the Sharks in the 2009 - 10 regular season .
The award will be presented prior to tonight ’s game against the Phoenix Coyotes at HP Pavilion at San Jose .
" He 's done exactly what everyone wanted him to , from day one right on through , " Defenseman Rob Blake said .
" Marleau 's been playing at an elite level these past few years so to a lot of the guys in this lockerroom it 's not a surprise .
" Entering play tonight , Marleau sits second on the team and 12th among all NHL scorers with 82 points ( 43 goals , 39 assists ) , a career high , along with a plus - 21 rating ( T - 19th NHL ) .
His 43 goals ( fourth overall in the NHL ) are also a career - high and the third - most goals scored in a single - season in Sharks franchise history .
He is also tied for tenth in the NHL in game - winning goals ( 6 ) , tied - for - second in short - handed goals ( 4 ) and tied - for - fifth in short - handed points ( four ) .
This season , Marleau appeared in his 900th NHL game ( Dec. 1 vs. Ottawa ) , scored his 300th ( and 301st ) NHL goals ( Dec. 26 vs. Anaheim ) and won a Gold Medal as a member of Team Canada at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
He tied his career - high with a nine - game point streak ( 6 goals , 10 assists ) from Oct. 17 - Nov. 4 and posted his third career hat trick on Nov. 27 at Edmonton .
The Sharks Foundation is dedicated to meeting the educational , social and cultural needs of our community , with a focus on health , education and character development for Santa Clara County Youth .
It offers unique resources and financial support to those organizations that enhance the lives of local youth .
2008-09 Patrick Marleau 2007 -08 Evgeni Nabokov2006 -07 Joe Thornton 2005 - 06 Joe Thornton 2003 - 04 Patrick Marleau 2002-03 Teemu Selanne2001-02 Mike Ricci2000 -01 Evgeni Nabokov1999 -00 Owen Nolan1998 -99 Steve Shields and Mike Vernon1997-98 Mike Vernon1996 -97Jeff Friesen1995 - 96Jamie Baker1994-95Ulf Dahlen1993-94Arturs Irbe1992-93Kelly Kisio1991 - 92Jeff Hackett
THE NSW Treasurer , Eric Roozendaal , has been accused of misleading Parliament after he told the Legislative Council : '' No complaint has been made by any of the unsuccessful bidders about the Lotteries sale process ' ' .
The Herald has obtained a copy of a letter dated March 17 from the law firm Baker McKenzie on behalf of bidders G - Tech / Ontario Teachers to the government 's lawyers .
It complains about the government 's decision to allow Tatts Group to include unclaimed prizes in its winning bid .
As the Herald revealed , Tatts won the right to buy NSW Lotteries with a bid of $ 850 million , which included about $ 150 million for the purchase of proceeds from unclaimed prizes .
Tatts 's '' non - conforming bid ' ' was accepted even though other bidders were explicitly told unclaimed prizes were not available when they lodged their bids .
The letter to the government 's lawyers , Gilbert +
Tobin , is titled : '' Concerns concerning offer based on retention of unclaimed prizes . ''
The impact of the financial crisis on poverty and income distribution : Insights from simulations in selected countries
Bilal Habib , Ambar Narayan , Sergio Olivieri , Carolina Sanchez - Paramo
A shortage of real - time data hinders evaluations of the impact of the global crisis on developing countries .
This column uses a “ microsimulation ” approach to assess the poverty and distributional effects in Bangladesh , Mexico , and the Philippines .
It finds that poverty will increase by well over a million , and that the crisis has been hardest for middle - income households .
The impacts of the global financial crisis on poverty and income distribution in developing countries have proved difficult to track because real - time data are typically not available .
Measuring these impacts is important not only for designing policy responses to the current shock , but also to mitigate the impact of future economic shocks .
To bridge the knowledge gap , we use a “ microsimulation ” approach that superimposes macroeconomic projections on behavioural models built on pre-crisis household data .
Our model is based on those developed by Bourguignon et al. ( 2008 ) and Ferreira et al. ( 2008 ) , but simplified by linking the simulations to macroeconomic projections ( instead of a general equilibrium model ) to extrapolate future household level impacts for a specific country .
Macroeconomic shocks are transmitted to households through changes in employment , earnings and non-labour income ( including remittances ) , and comparisons are made between scenarios with and without crisis for the same year , or between pre-crisis and post - crisis years .
Below we summarise our results for Bangladesh , Mexico , and the Philippines ( for more detailed results see Habib et al. 2010a and 2010 b ) .
In the context of the financial crisis , similar approaches have been employed for select OECD countriesbut not in a systematic manner for developing countries to the best of our knowledge [ 1 ] .
Impact on overall poverty and inequality
Increase in the level and depth of poverty as a result of the crisis is predicted for all three countries , with the extent of increase largely depending on the size of the macroeconomic shock .
These results are consistent with Chen and Ravallion 2009 estimates of the crisis impact on global poverty .
In Bangladesh and the Philippines , where the crisis has led to a slowdown but not a reversal in GDP growth , poverty is expected to decline at a slower pace due to the crisis .
In 2010 , the poverty rate is expected to be higher by 1.2 and 1.5 percentage points than what it would have been without the crisis in Bangladesh and the Philippines respectively , which translates to approximately 1.4 and 2 million additional poor .
In Mexico , GDP actually contracted by nearly 7 % in 2009 and is expected to grow by just 3 % in 2010 .
As a result , poverty rate is projected to rise by nearly 4 percentage points between 2008 and 2010 .
The crisis has no significant impact on the aggregate inequality index in all three countries , which is not surprising , given that a number of studies on past macroeconomic shocks have found similar results ( see Aaberge et al. 2000 and Baldacci and Inchauste 2002 ) .
The aggregate index , however , masks important changes in the underlying income distribution , some of which are summarised below .
Impact of the crisis on income distribution :
Who is affected and how
In all three countries , the impacts are relatively large in the middle part of the income distribution – consistent with earlier studies that suggest economic crises can have disproportionate impact on this group [ 2 ] .
Between 15 and 20 % of households in the fourth to seventh decile of the income distribution in Mexico and the Philippines , and 10 % of this group in Bangladesh , suffer income losses that push them to a lower income decile [ 3 ] .
In Mexico , where the crisis has been more severe , significant impacts are also likely for the bottom of the distribution .
The poorest 20 % of Mexican households suffer an average per capita income loss of about 8 % , compared with 5 % for the entire population – even after existing safety net transfers that benefit many of the extreme poor are taken into account .
Impact on the middle of the distribution can be attributed to significant shocks to employment and labour earning in the manufacturing sector , which employ a large number of workers from middle - income households .
Urban households suffer more losses , on average , than do rural households because the manufacturing sector is typically concentrated in urban areas .
Urban-rural gap is the widest in the Philippines – a 6 % decline in the per capita income of urban households is twice that of rural households .
Beyond these common patterns , there is much variation in how impacts are distributed within countries because of differences in how the macroeconomic impacts are transmitted to households .
Approximately 90 % of the average loss in household income in Mexico and the Philippines are attributable to a fall in labour income , compared with 50 % in Bangladesh where losses in remittances are equally important ( see Figure 1a ) .
Losses in remittances tend to be more concentrated among better - off households withinurban and rural areas than losses in labour income , mainly because the pre-crisis distribution of remittances was already skewed toward richer households .
Figure 1 . Changes in household incomes between no-crisis and with - crisis scenarios , 2010
Source : Authors ’ calculations .
Note : For Mexico , the change is from pre-crisis to post- crisis ( 2008 to 2010 ) .
Households projected either to fall into or to remain in poverty ( rather than exit from it ) as a consequence of the crisis .
The combination of these factors generates distributional patterns that are different across urban and rural areas in different countries .
The Philippines is characterised by a high level of urbanisation and a concentration of manufacturing and service sectors in urban areas , along with a relatively limited role of remittances .
These translate into much larger income losses for urban areas compared with rural areas , but somewhat equitable distribution of losses within each area ( Figure 2 ) .
In contrast , Bangladesh and Mexico are likely to see significant distributional changes within urban and rural areas .
In Bangladesh , relatively better - off households in urban and rural areas alike suffer the greatest losses , mainly because of lower remittances due to the crisis .
In Mexico , the losses are highest among the poor because of a substantial projected fall in labour income .
Figure 2 . Growth incidence curves : Percent change in per capita income / consumption between no-crisis and with - crisis scenarios
a. Bangladesh
b. The Philippines
c. Mexico
Source : Authors ’ calculations .
Note : For Mexico , the change is from pre-crisis to post- crisis ( 2008 to 2010 ) ; for the other countries , the change is from no -crisis to with - crisis scenarios for the same year ( 2010 ) .
The “ crisis vulnerable ” : a new challenge
The “ crisis - vulnerable ” are households that are predicted to be poor as a result of the crisis , but would not have been poor otherwise .
The characteristics of these households are quite different from the chronically poor as well as the general population .
On average , they appear to be more skilled and urban than the chronically poor , but less so than the general population .
They also are more likely to be economically active than the chronically poor , indicating that the crisis would have significantly increased the number of “ working poor . ”
Crisis vulnerable households suffer much larger income losses ( 25 % - 50 % ) than the average household ( 3 % - 5 % ) – mainly due to loss in labour income in Mexico and the Philippines and loss in remittances in Bangladesh ( Figure 1 b ) .
Relevance for policy
The results have a number of potential uses for policy design and monitoring .
First , they help identify possible “ leading indicators ” that can be monitored rapidly to gauge the likely welfare impacts of a crisis , in the absence of real - time information on household welfare .
Manufacturing employment , wages , remittance flows , and food prices emerge as potential candidates for monitoring in all three countries , with the relative importance of each indicator varying by country .
Second , identifying households likely to suffer the most losses can inform the design of policy responses .
For example , the difference in characteristics between the “ crisis vulnerable ” and the chronically poor suggests that expanding existing safety - net programs , targeted towards the chronically poor , to mitigate the losses of the crisis - affected may not be effective or practical .
Instead , interventions that protect vulnerable households against risk may be required .
safety - net programs , targeted towards the chronically poor , to mitigate the losses of the crisis - affected may not be effective or practical .
Instead , interventions that protect vulnerable households against risk may be required .
The results have political economy implications as well .
The substantial losses suffered by the urban middle - income and poor households , for example , are important because of the influence these groups can have on public perceptions and the government ’s decision - making process .
Caveats
A number of caveats apply to these findings .
An important caveat is one that applies to most microsimulations based on past data – the behavioural models underlying the simulations reflect the preexisting structure of labour markets and earnings and do not allow these to change over time .
Also , since the three countries analysed here may not be representative of the developing world , caution is warranted in generalising these results to other countries or regions .
In particular , the model may not be suitable to capture impacts for countries heavily dependent on commodity exports ( for example , some African countries ) or those where wealth shocks play a large part ( for example , some countries in Eastern Europe ) [ 4 ] .
Editors ’ Note :
An earlier version of this note was published in the Economic Premise Series produced by the Poverty Reduction and Economic Management ( PREM ) Network Vice - Presidency of the World Bank .
All authors work in the Poverty Reduction and Equity Group ( PREM ) at the World Bank .
References
Aaberge , Rolf , Anders Björklund , Markus Jäntti , Peder J Pedersen , Nina Smith , and Tom Wennemo ( 2000 ) , “ Unemployment Shocks and Income Distribution : How did the Nordic Countries Fare During their Crises ? ” , Scandinavian Journal of Economics , 102( 1):77-99 .
Ajwad , Mohamed Ishan , F Haimovich and M Azam ( 2009 ) .
The Employment and Welfare Impacts of the Financial Crisis in Latvia .
Unpublished manuscript .
Europe and Central Asia Human Development Group , World Bank , Washington , DC .
Baldacci , Emanuele , Luiz de Mello , and Gabriela Inchauste ( 2002 ) , “ Financial Crises , Poverty , and Income Distribution ” , Working Paper 02/4 , International Monetary Fund , Washington , DC .
Bourguignon , Francois , Maurizio Bussolo , and Luiz Pereira da Silva ( 2008 ) , “ Introduction : Evaluating the Impact of Macroeconomic Policies on Poverty and Income Distribution ” , In Francois Bourguignon , Maurizio Bussolo , and Luiz Pereira da Silva ( eds. ) , The Impact of Macroeconomic Policies on Poverty and Income Distribution , 1 – 23 .
Washington DC : World Bank .
Chen , Shaohua , and Martin Ravallion ( 2009 ) , “ The Impact of the Global Financial Crisis on the World ’s Poorest ” , World Bank Development Research Group .
Ferreira , Francisco H G , Phillippe G Leite , Luiz A Pereira da Silva , and Paulo Picchetti ( 2008 ) , “ Can the Distributional Impacts of Macroeconomic Shocks Be Predicted ?
A Comparison on Top - Down Macro- Micro Models with Historical Data for Brazil . ”
In Francois Bourguignon , Maurizio Bussolo , and Luiz Pereira da Silva ( eds. ) , The Impact of Macroeconomic Policies on Poverty and Income Distribution , 119 – 75 .
Washington DC : World Bank
Habib , Bilal , Ambar Narayan , Sergio Olivieri , and Carolina Sanchez - Paramo ( 2010a ) , “ Assessing ex ante the Poverty and Distributional Impact of the Global Crisis in a Developing Country : A Micro- Simulation Approach with Application to Bangladesh ” , Policy Research Working Paper 5238 , World Bank , Washington , DC .
Habib , Bilal , Ambar Narayan , Sergio Olivieri , and Carolina Sanchez - Paramo ( 2010 b ) , “ Assessing ex ante the Poverty and Distributional Impact of the Global Crisis in the Philippines : A Micro- Simulation Approach ” , Unpublished manuscript .
Poverty Reduction and Equity Group , World Bank , Washington , DC .
Ravallion , Martin ( 2009 ) , “ The Developing World ’s Bulging ( But Vulnerable ) Middle Class ” , Policy Research Working Paper 4816 , World Bank , Washington , DC .
Zacharias , Ajit , Thomas Masterson , and Kijong Kim ( 2009 ) , “ Distributional Impact of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act : A Microsimulation Approach ” , Working Papers Series , Levy Economics Institute , Anandale - on - Hudson , New York .
Let ’s dive into how you can make this new feature work for you and make 2020 the year you reach your financial goals and have fun while doing so .
Full Story
Ridley Scott - directed
Alien films are , it seems , a bit like buses : you wait 30 years for one , and then two come along at once .
The veteran British film - maker , who was at the LA press junket for his new film Robin Hood , told Collider.com that he was planning a brace of 3D prequels to his classic 1979 slasher - in - space flick .
" It 'll be two , " revealed Scott .
" Prequel one and two , then Alien 1 . "
Asked if he would shoot the two films back - to - back , he responded : " At the moment I 'm just trying to get the first one out . "
Scott announced in July that he would be directing a prequel to Alien , but the second film is a new development .
He also said that the screenplay for the first film was into its fourth draft , with a release date planned for late 2011 or 2012 .
Finally , Scott said he planned to shoot the films in dazzling brightness to help the 3D process , before darkening the screen in post - production to suit the franchise 's sombre tone .
Scott had originally intended to be a producer on the Alien prequel , with his protege Carl Rinsch , a TV adverts director , taking the reins .
But following reports that studio 20th Century Fox was unhappy with the idea of an untried director , it was announced that the Gladiator film - maker himself would be behind the cameras .
The new films , as announced last year , will be set before the events of Scott 's 1979 film , in which the crew of a commercial towing ship respond to a distress signal from an empty ship , only to discover too late that the signal was meant to warn them .
Three sequels and two Aliens Vs Predator spin - offs followed , but only James Cameron 's 1987 Aliens lived up to the original .
The prequels will be Scott 's first science - fiction project since Blade Runner in 1982 .
Stargazers are preparing for a sky show as the annual Lyrids meteor shower gets underway on Wednesday .
The shower is named after the constellation Lyra , from which the meteors appear to originate .
The meteor shower peaks early on Thursday 22 April ( GMT ) , when 10 - 20 meteors per hour are expected to be visible under favourable conditions .
Scientists say the best time to observe the meteor shower is during the dark hours before dawn .
The Lyrids are caused when Earth passes through the dusty tail of Comet Thatcher ( C/1861 G1 ) .
Viewing conditions will be more favourable to those observing in the northern hemisphere .
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c5f3053ef013480712dd7970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Still waiting for the prediction in this comic to come true ...:
13 Albino Animals
Amazing to see how a lack of pigment can make an animal appear so very differently .
Plus , you can print these pictures out and color them however you want .
Nebraska could become the first state to require doctors to screen women for possible mental and physical problems before performing abortions under a bill that received final approval from the nonpartisan Legislature on Monday .
Republican Gov. Dave Heineman ’s office said Monday he will sign the bill Tuesday , along with another groundbreaking abortion measure lawmakers are expected to pass then .
That bill would ban abortions after 20 weeks based on the assertion that fetuses feel pain .
ADVERTISEMENT
Both bills are likely to be challenged in court .
Abortion rights activists describe the measure passed Monday as a drastic shift in abortion policy that would block abortions by scaring doctors who might perform them .
They say the second bill is aimed at blocking late - term abortions in one of the few states where there ’s a doctor willing to perform them .
Abortion foes defend both bills .
They say the one passed Monday could help prevent post- abortion medical problems and brings pre-abortion screenings in line with what is done before other types of medical procedures .
The bill requires a doctor or other health professional to screen women to determine whether they were pressured into having abortions .
Doctors also must assess whether women have risk factors that could lead to mental or physical problems after an abortion .
The bill is unusual , however , in spelling out what doctors must look for .
They include any risk factors cited in peer - reviewed journals indexed by two major medical and scientific listing services during the year before a planned abortion .
The risks could be “ physical , psychological , emotional , demographic , or situational , ” according to the bill .
“ It ’s very difficult to know for certain if you ’re complying with this bill , ” said Kyle Carlson , an attorney for Planned Parenthood of the Heartland .
“ There ’s an undetermined amount of documentation you have to go through to know all the …risk factors . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Also , the information could change daily as articles in peer - reviewed journals are released .
The lawmaker who introduced the bill , Sen. Cap Dierks of Ewing , has said the reviews are manageable because there have only been a couple hundred published studies on the topic over the last decade or so .
Abortion opponents also say the requirement is important because otherwise doctors would follow accepted medical standards Ã¢â‚¬â€  which are likely to be set by fellow abortion providers .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’re dealing with destruction of early , unborn life , so we ought to take extra care , ” said Greg Schleppenbach of the National Catholic Conference .
Doctors would have to tell patients whether they had any of the risk factors cited in the journals , but they could perform abortions even if risk factors existed .
ADVERTISEMENT
If a screening was not done , a woman could file a civil suit .
Doctors would not face criminal charges , nor would they lose their medical licenses .
Abortion opponents acknowledge that it could reduce the number of abortions in the state , which numbered 2,551 last year .
Planned Parenthood of Heartland will “ figure out a way to make this work ” and continue providing abortions , spokeswoman Julie Stauch said .
But doctors at some hospitals might stop , she said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Women already undergo an extensive screening for medical problems that might be complicated by an abortion and the procedure is n’t performed if the risks are too great , Planned Parenthood officials said .
With the new requirements , women could be overwhelmed by a flood of possibly irrelevant information , Stauch said .
She likened it to being handed an enormous list of options by a doctor after being told you might have cancer .
“ Does it make your decision easier or harder ?
And does it make it harder for valid reasons ? ” she said .
Mochila insert follows …
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) -
The leaders of the world ’s biggest emerging markets may discuss the idea of a supranational currency this month when they meet for a summit in Russia , President Dmitry Medvedev ’s spokeswoman said on Tuesday .
“ I do not exclude that the Russian president ’s idea about the creation of a supranational currency and the rouble as a ( world ) reserve currency will be discussed , ” Medvedev ’s spokeswoman , Natalya Timakova , told reporters .
When asked if the summit would include a discussion of ways to reduce dependence on the dollar , she said : “ If one of the ( BRIC ) participants raises this question then I do not exclude it ” ( a discussion ) .
Russia has proposed the creation of a new world reserve currency that would be issued by international financial institutions to reduce reliance on the U.S. dollar .
The leaders of Brazil , Russia , India and China , known by the BRIC acronym , are due to meet in the Russian city of Yekaterinburg on June 16 for the first summit since the international downturn struck their economies , which had driven global growth .
The BRIC states are trying to strengthen their clout as the producers of 15 percent of global output by building up the grouping into a powerful world player .
The term BRIC was coined in 2003 by Wall Street bank Goldman Sachs to describe how the four rising economies are likely to rival and overtake many of the West ’s leading economies over the next half century .
A Brazilian official told Reuters last week that the summit would discuss the dominance of the U.S. dollar as well as ways to reshape the world trade system and nuclear disarmament .
“ The agenda of the BRIC summit is still being finalized but naturally questions connected with the world economic crisis and proposals from all the BRIC countries about ways to move out of the crisis will be discussed in very great detail , ” said Timakova .
Welcome to the Sheffield & South Yorkshire section of Health - Club.net ,
the definitive guide to gyms , aerobics , fitness and health clubs in the UK
I find that people who do n't regularly eat salad typically do n't have the experience of enjoying one that 's rich and varied enough to be a satisfying , stand alone meal .
If this describes you , I hope that the salad making tips found below are helpful in making world - class , nutrient - rich salads a regular part of your day .
I like to start every salad with a bed of crisp romaine lettuce :
Romaine lettuce seems to provide just the right blend of minerals and chlorophyll to build and maintain strong teeth .
If you have problems with sensitive teeth , try eating at least half a head of romaine lettuce a day - doing so should strengthen your teeth .
Here we have some of our favorite choices for our vegetable salads - carrot , celery , zucchini , red beet , bell pepper , and avocado :
Now a real key to making a top notch vegetable salad : a mandoline that turns root vegetables and summer squashes into lovely , long strips that provide mouth - feel that simply can't be matched by knife - sliced vegetables .
Here 's a close - up of our Japanese mandoline :
Notice the horizontal blade spanning the width of the mandoline , plus the blade with vertical striations to shred the vegetables into beautiful strips .
Warning : Please be conservative when using this type of mandolin - rather than try to grate up every last bit of vegetable , it 's better to leave a good chunk at the end and keep your fingers away from the blades .
Here 's what a stalk of zucchini looks like just after it 's been put through our mandolin :
Nothing too impressive , until you give it a light toss , and voila :
I 'm telling you , it 's all about mouth - feel , and transforming a bulky vegetable into these delicate strips changes everything .
Building our salad :
Now the same thing with carrots .
Right after shredding :
And the magical transformation after a light toss :
For some natural saltiness and a wide variety of bone - building minerals , add some crisp celery to the mix :
Notice that we like to slice our celery diagonally - just another mouth - feel thing .
For a rich serving of the full vitamin C complex , natural sweetness , and more vibrant colors , add slices of yellow and red bell pepper .
For more natural sweetness plus a generous dose of betacyanin ( a powerful cancer - fighting phytonutrient ) , add just a touch of shredded red beet :
And the last essential ingredient - a ripe avocado :
In keeping with presenting our vegetables in long strips , we like to slice our avocados up lengthwise .
We start by evenly slicing while still in its skin :
And scoop the slices out in one swoop with a spoon :
Avocado adds a rich , creamy texture to your salad that perfectly complements all of the natural crunch of fresh vegetables .
Avocado also provides a solid dose of lutein to help keep your eyes healthy .
Definitely a few notches above standard Caesar and house salads served at most restaurants , right ?
Here 's the thing : you can create countless varieties of world class salads that begin with what you see above as a base .
Shredded cucumber and cabbage are particularly good to add on hot summer days .
Vine - ripened tomatoes add more sweetness and natural juice .
For more sweetness , add chunks of fresh fruit like mangoes , apples , grapes , and bananas .
For more protein , add a handful of raw walnuts , pecans , or cashews .
Or a soft boiled egg .
And to bring everything together , definitely look at trying a wide variety of salad dressings .
When you 're feeling tangy , a simple blend of extra - virgin olive oil , lemon juice , and sea salt is always a simple and delicious choice .
Craving something more substantive ?
Try blending up tahini or your favorite nut butter with a little water , lemon juice , and sea salt , and you instantly have a creamy , protein - dense dressing to get your salivary glands pumping .
If the idea of nourishing and cleansing your body appeals to you , before you resort to a fast or cleansing program that requires deprivation and / or synthetic supplements , try going a week eating nothing but three of these salads a day - I have n't found a more effective way of enjoying a concentrated period of intense internal cleansing .
I hope that this post serves as inspiration to make nutrient - rich salads a regular part of your day .
There 's really no way to quantify the priceless health benefits that you 'll experience by being a world class salad eater .
Do you have any salad and / or salad dressing making tips ?
Please consider sharing via the comments section below .
Thank you .
Gordon Brown convenes emergency Cobra meeting as UK airspace is closed for ANOTHER day
Gordon Brown to hold emergency Cobra meeting over travel crisis
UK airspace will remain closed until at least 7 pm on Monday
Pilots call for banking - style rescue of airline industry
More than 63,000 flights cancelled since ' Ash Thursday '
Schools , businesses hit as thousands remain stranded with ' no end in sight '
Gordon Brown will hold an emergency meeting with the Cobra committee at 8.30 am tomorrow morning to discuss the worsening travel crisis resulting from the Icelandic volcano .
Tonight the air traffic control company Nats announced that UK airspace would remain closed until at least 7 pm on Monday .
Major airlines were tonight carrying out test flights in order to pressure authorities to lift the ongoing flight ban .
Earlier today the Prime Minister met senior ministers , representatives from the Met Office and chief scientific adviser Professor John Beddington at Number 10 .
A Downing Street spokesman said : ' The Prime Minister has called a ministerial meeting today to discuss the ongoing situation resulting from the presence of volcanic ash in the atmosphere , and look at what more the Government can do to mitigate its effects .
Ash cloud : Scientists from the British Geological Survey said this image , taken on the last flight from Reykjavik to Glasgow on Friday before the UK airspace was shut , is one of the first shots of the ash plume from the eruption of the volcano
Plume : A second aerial photograph of the ash cloud released by the British Geological Survey shows the extent of the billowing cloud
' The meeting will cover a number of issues , including the assistance being provided to those Britons who have been unable to travel home , and the implications for industry .
' They will also look at what more can be done on a European level . '
Ministers who attended the meeting included Transport Secretary Lord Adonis , Chancellor Alistair Darling , Business Secretary Peter Mandelson , Foreign Secretary David Miliband and Cabinet Office minister Tessa Jowell .
The meeting comes as airlines begin carrying out test flights in order to convince the authorities to lift the ban
British Airways tonight staged a test flight from Heathrow airport in west London .
The Boeing 747 jumbo jet left Heathrow on a special test flight over part of the Atlantic which is expected to take around two or three hours .
The airline said earlier : ' In line with action taken by other European airlines and , subject to approval by the relevant authorities , we are planning to operate a test flight later today . '
The BA spokeswoman could not say what height , or where , the aircraft would go .
Earlier , Dutch carrier KLM said it had flown a plane through the cloud of volcanic ash with Dutch airspace without suffering any damage .
Spectacular :
The volcanic eruptions spewing ash into Britain 's skies intensified yesterday as officials warned that the ominous cloud will hover above the country for at least a week
The airline said it planned to return seven planes without passengers to Amsterdam from Dusseldorf today , with the hope of receiving permission to resume passenger operations as soon as possible .
Shadow transport secretary Theresa Villiers said : ' With thousands of Britons stuck in airports overseas , it is hugely worrying that there is no end in sight for the flight ban .
' This crisis is costing the economy millions of pounds every day and causing huge amounts of travel misery .
Those who are stranded abroad need reassurance from the Government that they are doing all they can to help get people home and address the crisis . '
Pilots also waded into the row today , calling for a banking - style rescue of the airline industry .
They warned that the financial impact of flights being grounded by volcanic ash from Iceland ' could not be more serious . '
The British Airline Pilots ' Association ( Balpa ) also pressed for the ' spirit of Dunkirk ' to be put into operation to bring home the thousands of people stranded abroad by the crisis .
As travellers wait anxiously for any good news regarding the resumption of flights , schools and businesses face major disruption this week with thousands of Britons remaining stranded all over the globe , amid warnings the unprecedented air lockdown over Britain could last until the end of the week .
Schools across the country are expecting hundreds of empty desks and a shortage of teachers as staff and pupils remain stuck abroad , as the ash cloud from the Icelandic volcano continues to wreak havoc .
Supply teachers have been put on standby to cope with the expected drop in staff turnout .
( L- R ) Tessa Jowell , David Milliband , Lord Mandelson , Lord Adonis and Lord West outside No 10 yesterday following a ministerial meeting to discuss the deepening travel crisis .
An emergency Cobra committee meeting has been scheduled for 8.30 am tomorrow morning
Air traffic control company Nats said the ash cloud caused by an erupting Icelandic volcano was ' currently spread across the UK , ' creating further uncertainty for travellers attempting to make it back to the UK .
The lockdown over Britain has been extended to 7 am tomorrow morning .
Martin Ward , the deputy general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders said : ' No doubt many schools will be short staffed on Monday because of teachers being stranded abroad . '
' However , except in very small schools , this hopefully will not cause major disruption as schools have good contingency plans in place to cope with teacher absence .
We will have a better picture on Monday when schools return for the new term . '
In Hertfordshire alone , 352 children are stuck abroad on school trips in 11 different countries from Iceland to Hong Kong .
One head teacher in London has reported he has at least 12 teachers stranded overseas .
Mark Southworth , head teacher of Woodcote High School in Croydon , said at least 14 per cent of his
workforce would be missing .
Nats said today : ' Conditions around the movement of the layers of the volcanic ash cloud over the UK remain dynamic .
' We are maintaining close dialogue with the Met Office and with the Civil Aviation Authority ( CAA ) in respect of the international civil aviation policy we follow in applying restrictions to use of airspace .
We are currently awaiting CAA guidance .'
Nats added : " We are working closely with Government , airports and airlines , and airframe and aero engine manufacturers to get a better understanding of the effects of the ash cloud and to seek solutions .
There may be limited opportunity in Orkney and Shetland from 7 pm today for some flights to operate under individual co-ordination with air traffic control .
Heavy skies : Farmer Thorarinn
Olafsson tries to lure his horses back to the stable as a cloud of black ash looms overhead in Eyjafjoll , Iceland
The volcano is still causing disruptions to air passengers and is set to cause further misery for travellers into next week
A spokesman for airport operator BAA said : ' Following the latest advice from Nats , all flights to and from all BAA airports are suspended until 1 am tomorrow at the earliest .
' Passengers should not travel to these airports until further notice and should remain in touch with their airlines .
Brussels - based air traffic control centre Eurocontrol said today that skies were closed and planes grounded ' in the major part of European airspace , ' covering around 25 countries .
Fewer than one in six flights will operate - with only 4,000 out of the planned 25,000 taking to the sky .
In the four days since the ash struck on Thursday more than 63,000 flights have been cancelled .
Countries operating the no-fly zone include : Austria , Belgium , Croatia , the Czech Republic , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , most of France , most of Germany , Hungary , Ireland , northern Italy , the Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Romania , Serbia , Slovenia , Slovakia , north Spain , Sweden , Switzerland , Ukraine and the UK .
Eurocontrol said : 'In some of these areas the upper airspace has been made available , depending on the observed and forecasted area of possible ash contamination .
However , it is difficult to access this airspace as in most cases the surrounding area is not available for flights . '
Southern Europe , including parts of Spain , Portugal , the southern Balkan area , southern Italy , Bulgaria , Greece and Turkey remain open and flights are taking place in these areas .
As the uncertainty continued there were warnings the UK economy would suffer as employees wait anxiously to find out when they can return .
The flight shutdown caused by the ash cloud has so far cost the European travel industry more than £ 1 billion , it was estimated today .
And disruption to passengers globally is likely to continue for at least another two weeks , according to crisis advisory company Lewis PR .
Spokesman Paul Charles , a former senior director at Virgin Atlantic Airways and at Eurostar , added : ' Airlines alone are facing a massive bill from lost revenues and the enormous costs of re-accommodating and repatriating stranded passengers .
Lengthy wait : Passengers queue for train tickets in Rome as the quest for alternative travel arrangements continues
' Travel and transport firms have faced a double - whammy of disruption this year , with snow - related cancellations and now the ash cloud crisis , and several firms are at breaking point .
' Post recession , they have few or no cash reserves to fall back on and will be teetering on the brink of bankruptcy .
It is an unprecedented and unsettling time for many in the industry . '
Mr Charles added , " The wider implications will add further costs to the economy , in terms of staff not being able to get back to work because they are stranded and cargo , such as fresh food and vital medicine supplies , not being delivered .
There will also be an impact on the May Day bank holiday weekend .
Although the airline industry faces a hefty bill for lost revenues , economists , retailers and City pundits said the eruption was unlikely to derail a fragile recovery - unless the impact lasts for weeks .
Howard Archer , chief economist at IHS Global Insight , said : ' The overall economic impact should be limited even if the problem persists for several more days .
' Obviously though the longer that the problem does persist , the more serious will be the economic repercussions . '
Mr Archer said UK tourism would be affected to ' some extent ' - but for those who could not get into the country , there were those who could not get out and would spend money on UK goods and services .
' This will offset at least some of the loss of revenue to hotels and restaurants from people not being able to get here , ' he added .
A spokesman for the British Retail Consortium said there could be shortages of more exotic fresh foods but added : ' The vast majority of fresh food sold in the UK is sourced in the UK , and a very small proportion is air - freighted in .
' For non -food goods the majority also tends to be shipped in because it is cheaper .
Our members are monitoring the situation but so far it has not had a material impact . '
The continued ban on flights came as an Icelandic geologist warned ' there does n't seem to be an end in sight . '
' The activity has been quite vigorous overnight , causing the eruption column to grow , ' Magnus Tumi Gudmundsson said yesterday .
Dutch geologist Edwin Zanen , who is in Iceland observing the volcano , agreed that there was ' no sign ' that the volcano was calming down .
' On the contrary , we can see that at this moment it 's extraordinarily active , ' he said .
Transport Secretary Lord Andrew Adonis , said the forecast for tomorrow was ' not encouraging . '
' I am in constant contact with both the Met Office and Nats .
They are continuing to work with airlines to ensure they are ready to fully exploit any respite in conditions which could allow some flights to operate . '
The start of day three of the chaos caused by Eyjafjallajoekull 's eruptions saw the scale of the volcano 's emissions grow in intensity with a fresh plume of ash being blasted 30,000 ft into the air
' Further test flights will take place today in the UK to help understand the extent of the impact of the ash cloud .
I wish to establish , as a matter of urgency , whether some safe flight paths can be identified and opened up to flights within the area affected by ash .
' Test flights are also being undertaken in other European countries .
I am in contact with other European transport ministers on this issue , and urgent discussions are taking place with European and international regulatory agencies .
We want to be able to resume flights as soon as possible , but safety remains my paramount concern . '
Lord Adonis added that everything possible was being done to help passengers .
' British embassies and consulates around the world are providing consular assistance to those that need it , visiting airports and working with the local authorities to help stranded UK citizens .
Volcanologists have warned that the eruptions from Mount Eyjafjallajokull could continue for months .
And officials said airlines would continue to be subject to restrictions for as long as ash billows into British airspace .
Graeme Leitch of the Met Office said a change in the wind direction might mean flight restrictions could be lifted but there was no indication that any such change was imminent .
Forecaster Paul Knightley of MeteoGroup predicted the continued activity could herald ' quite a prolonged spell of problems ' in the UK , continuing until Friday .
Dr Dougal Jerram , of Durham University 's Department of Earth Sciences , said : ' We know when things are going to happen , what is difficult to predict or understand is how long a volcanic eruption is going to go on for .
Some are relatively short - lived , but some are months long . '
The Prince of Wales and Foreign Secretary David Miliband last night cancelled their plans to travel to Krakow today for the funeral of Poland 's President Lech Kaczynski .
US president Barack Obama also said he would be unable to attend .
The Duchess of Cornwall has already had to cancel a visit to a Polish cultural centre in London to sign a book of condolence for the late president because she was unable to fly from Scotland .
British Airways have cancelled all long and short - haul flights in and out of the UK today .
A spokesman said : ' We are keeping our flying schedule under constant review and will aim to give customers as much notice as possible once we receive more information from Nats . '
Budget carrier Ryanair has cancelled all its scheduled flights to and from the UK , Ireland , Denmark , Finland , Norway , Sweden , Belgium , Holland , northern France , northern Germany , Poland and the Baltic States until 1 pm tomorrow and easyJet said it was cancelling all flights to and from northern Europe
Air Ambulance services have also been forced to ground their helicopters across Britain amid fears that the lowering ash level would interfere with flying .
And the Met Office warned that there was growing evidence of ash falling to the ground , which will raise concerns of a health risk for children and the elderly .
With the prospect of days under the cloud of ash , pilots and aviation officials sought to dodge the dangerous grit by adjusting altitude levels .
Germany 's airspace ban allows for low - level flights to go ahead under so - called visual flight rules , in which pilots do n't rely on their instruments .
Lufthansa took advantage of that to fly 10 empty planes to Frankfurt from Munich on Saturday in order to have them in the right place when the restrictions are lifted , airline spokesman Wolfgang Weber said .
The planes flew at about 3,000 meters ( 9,843 feet ) – well below their usual altitude – in close coordination with air traffic control .
It came as KLM , the Dutch subsidiary of Air France , said it flew a plane through the cloud of volcanic ash last night without suffering any damage .
It says initial inspections afterward showed no damage or irregularities from the ash .
It now plans to return seven airplanes without passengers to Amsterdam today .
' We hope to receive permission as soon as possible after that to start up our operation and to transport our passengers to their destinations , ' said Chief Executive Peter Hartman , who was aboard Saturday 's flight .
The Swiss looked the other direction – above the ash cloud .
The Swiss Federal Office of Civil Aviation began allowing flights Saturday above Swiss air space as long as the aircraft were at least at 36,000 feet ( 11,000 meters ) .
It also allowed flights at lower altitudes under visual flight rules , aimed at small , private aircraft .
The start of day three of the chaos caused by Eyjafjallajoekull ’s eruptions saw the scale of the volcano ’s emissions grow in intensity with a fresh plume of ash being blasted 30,000 ft into the air .
As the day developed , officials at the Met Office confirmed that the new dust – a combination of fine glass and rock – was being blown over the UK where it was settling on top of the cloud created by initial eruptions earlier in the week .
Thomson Airways , the airline for Thomson and First Choice holidays , said all outbound flights over the weekend had been cancelled while British Airways announced that it was suspending all long and short haul flights in and out of Britain today and tomorrow .
A spokesman said : ‘ We are keeping our flying schedule under constant review and will aim to give customers as much notice as possible once we receive more information . ’
Two British teams are facing potential disruption with Fulham set to travel to Hamburg and Liverpool supposed to be heading to Spain to play Atletico Madrid .
At Nice Airport on the French Riviera , easyJet stopped offering accommodation to passengers , telling them they had run out of available rooms .
Charles - de - Gaulle airport in Paris stands empty yesterday while wind continues to blow ash from the Icelandic volcano Eyjafjallajokull through the skies
‘ My husband Richard and I will have spent about £ 2,000 before this is over .
It ’s enough to drive you to tears . ’
And in Malaga , in southern Spain , mum - of - two Carly Milne , 25 , from Liverpool , travelling with partner Robert Yates , 33 and daughters Keira , five , and baby Hally said : ‘ I ’m panicking because I ’ve only got a day ’s supply of baby milk left and I can’t find the same milk out here .
We ’ve been offered an alternative flight a week Monday .
‘ Robert was due to start a scaffolding job on Tuesday and he ’s going to lose that .
He was made redundant before we flew out to Spain two weeks ago so we could really have done with the money
‘ EasyJet are putting us up in full - board accommodation but there ’s always other costs involved in being abroad . ’
Back in Britain ’s airports , which would usually be packed with passengers returning from their Easter holidays , there was an eerie quiet .
Gatwick Airport should have seen 40,000 passengers catching 250 flights yesterday but instead just a few hundred weary travellers were resigned to another long day waiting in the two terminals .
Shops and restaurants remained open but staff stood around largely unemployed as the businesses lost many thousands of pounds .
However , comedian John Cleese managed to arrive back in England from Norway yesterday after beating flight disruption with a £ 3,300 cab journey .
He arrived at London ’s St Pancras train station after a 15 - hour journey which included a 930 - mile taxi trip from Oslo to Brussels which he had taken when his flight from Norway was cancelled .
Cleese had been a guest on a talk show in Norway when he got caught up in the travel chaos .
The Fawlty Towers star finished the last leg of his marathon trip on the Brussels to London Eurostar .
He said : ‘ I had urgent meetings to attend on Monday .
That ’s why I did it .
Luckily the promoter agreed to pay the cost of the journey . ’
The air chaos has provided a welcome windfall for taxi firms across Britain .
Staff at Glasgow airport said some passengers had been so desperate to travel that they were taking taxis as far as the south of England .
One man yesterday paid £ 600 to be driven to Gatwick .
In Northampton , seven executives , who work for a multinational company , paid Amber Cars its biggest ever fare of £ 1,200 to drive them from the town to Geneva in Switzerland to catch a flight to Portugal where they had another meeting .
London minicab company Addison Lee said it had received requests for journeys to cities as far away as Paris , Milan , Amsterdam and Zurich .
Eurostar has also benefited – a spokeswoman said it had laid on eight extra services today and will do the same tomorrow to cope with demand .
It expects to have taken more than 50,000 extra passengers between Thursday and tomorrow as a result of the cancelled flights .
But Top Gear presenter James May has been branded ‘ irresponsible ’ by Icelandic police after it emerged that he drove up the erupting volcano in a stunt for the BBC motoring show .
May went to Iceland last week in the early stages of the eruption and tried to drive a superjeep over a lava flow – but had to reverse quickly when his tyres caught fire .
A safety team was on standby to put out the flames , but last night Sveinn Runarsson , chief superintendent for Hvolsvollur said :
‘ We are investigating the matter and we will decide on a penalty by the end of the week .
The maximum fine could be up to 300,000 Icelandic Kronur [ about £ 1,500 ] .
‘ This is very dangerous and is encouraging others to do the same .
Top Gear talked to the authorities but we did n’t think they would be stupid enough to drive on lava . ’
A view of the town of Vik in Iceland : The Met Office has warned that there was growing evidence of ash falling to the ground in the UK
Interviewed by Emrah Akkurt , Turkey - Association for Liberal Thinking .
To be published in a forthcoming special issue of the economic journal Piyasa on socialism .
Akkurt :
How did you come to be a libertarian and which thinkers were most important in shaping your ideas ?
Hoppe :
As a young man , a ' Gymnasiast ' in Germany , I was a Marxist .
Then , as a student at the University of Frankfurt , I encountered Boehm - Bawerk 's Marx critique , and that finished Marxist economics for me .
Consequently , for a while I became somewhat of a skeptic , attracted to the positivist and especially the falsificationist Popperian methodology and to Popper 's program of piecemeal social engineering .
Like Popper himself , at this time I was a right - wing Social democrat .
Then things changed fast .
First I encountered Milton Friedman ( pretty good ) , then Hayek ( better ) , then Mises ( far better still , because of Mises 's explicit anti-positivist — aprioristic — methodology ) , and finally , Mises 's most important theoretical successor , Murray N. Rothbard .
Akkurt :
To what extent did your formal education overlap with your being a libertarian ?
Hoppe : I did not learn libertarianism or free market economics at the university .
My professors were either socialists or interventionists .
To be sure , occasionally ( rarely ) the names of some free marketeers were mentioned : Boehm - Bawerk , Mises , Hayek , also Herbert Spencer as a sociologist .
However , they were dismissed as outdated apologists of capitalism , unworthy of anyone 's serious attention .
So I had to discover everything pretty much on my own through lots of reading ( much of which in retrospect appears like a waste of time ) .
Today , you can click on mises.org and everything is right at your fingertips .
Matters have definitely improved in this regard .
Akkurt :
In the early years of the century , ' capitalist ' economists were in an apologist position .
This was true particularly before Mises 's criticisms began .
Mises 's writings were decisive in bringing socialists to today 's ' apologist ' position .
Mises 's writings also gave way to a distinct Austrian economics , apart from the neo-classical paradigm .
During your formal education , did you think that Austrian economics was , or should be distinct from neo-classical thinking .
How was the process of passing from criticism to an alternative approach ?
Hoppe : Until the 1950s , the majority of economists shared the view concerning the nature of economics which had been expressed by Lionel Robbins , in his famous Nature and Significance of Economic Science ( 1932 ) .
Robbins , who had been heavily influenced by Mises at the time , there presented economics as some sort of applied logic ( Mises would call it ' praxeology ' ) .
It started with a few simple and obviously true premises ( axioms ) and then proceeded by means of logical deduction to various conclusions ( economic theorems ) .
These conclusions or theorems were , provided no mistake had been made in the process of deduction , logically true , and it would be a category mistake if one wanted to ' empirically test ' such theorems .
( We also do not ' empirically test ' logical truths and arguments , or mathematical propositions .
For instance , we do not empirically test the law of Pythagoras , we can prove it deductively , and he who wanted to ' prove ' it empirically , by measuring angles and lengths , would not be considered ' more scientific ' but rather as totally confused . )
Today , only the " Austrians " still defend this ( in my view correct ) view of economics as applied logic .
Since the 1950s , largely due to the influence of Milton Friedman , the majority among economists has adopted instead the ' positivist ' view that economics should try to imitate the methods used in physics .
As a result , modern economics has become either low - level mathematics with no empirical meaning or application whatsoever .
Or else it builds and tests so - called models , thus ' proving ' ( at best ) what is already obvious to everyone , such that water is running downward , or showing by empirical means what can be established logically ( like confirming Pythagoras ' law empirically ) .
However , in many cases , and by the same method , they also empirically ' prove ' that water sometimes runs upward and , absurdly , that the law of Pythagoras sometimes does n't hold .
In short , modern mainstream economics is in a state of total confusion .
When I began to study economics I was taught the positivist methodology along with it .
However , from the outset I was unconvinced .
The law of marginal utility , or the quantity theory of money , or the statement that if one increases the minimum wage in the US to $ 500 per hour mass unemployment would result , did not appear to me as questionable hypotheses which required any empirical testing , but as straightforward logical truths .
It took me a while to find out that this was actually the classic view , espoused most explicitly by Robbins and Mises .
Discovering Mises and Robbins thus came as a great intellectual relief to me , and it first made me take ( and study ) economics seriously .
Mainstream economics is irrelevant , but open to the idea of social experimentation and engineering ( how else can one test one 's hypotheses ? ) .
That 's why the modern interventionist state is willing to fund the entire exercise .
In contrast , Austrian economics is of great practical importance , but it is generally opposed to economic interventionism as counter - productive .
Not surprisingly , then , AE receives little or no state support .
Nonetheless , I am optimistic that mainstream economics will eventually die due to its own irrelevancy ( articles in famous mainstream journals have practically no reader ) and be displaced by AE .
Already , the Mises Institute website has more readers than any comparable mainstream - economics site .
Akkurt :
In its modern version , Austrian economics , with its emphasis on property rights , entrepreneurship and freedom have natural allies among different schools of economics .
For example , the property rights approach of Alchian and Coase come mostly to similar policy positions with Austrians .
Do you think , Mises 's writings were somehow influential on the emphasis on property rights and market based approach besides Austrians .
Was there a visible link between Mises and some of these people ?
Hoppe : I am not aware of any intellectual link between Mises and the modern Chicago law and economics school , in particular Coase , and in his footsteps , Richard Posner .
On the other hand , Hayek was one of Coase 's professors at the London School of Economics .
In any case : I believe the similarity between the Austrian and the Chicago view of law and economics to be merely superficial .
In reality , both intellectual traditions are fundamentally opposed to each other .
It is a common but serious error to think of the Chicago school as a defender of property rights .
In fact , Coase and his followers are the most dangerous enemies of property rights .
I know , this may sound unbelievable to some people .
Thus let me explain , using one of Coase 's examples from his famous article on " Social Cost . "
A railroad runs beside a farm .
The engine emits sparks , damaging the farmer 's crop .
What is to be done ?
From the Austrian ( and the classic as well as the commonsensical ) viewpoint , what needs to be answered is who established property first , the farmer or the railroad ?
If the farmer was there first , he could force the railroad to stop emitting sparks or demand compensation .
On the other hand , if the railroad was there first , then it may continue emitting sparks and the farmer would have to pay the railroad to be spark - free .
Coase 's and Posner 's answer is entirely different .
According to them , it is a mistake to think of the farmer and the railroad as either ' right ' or ' wrong ' ( liable ) , as ' aggressor ' or ' victim . '
Let me quote Coase from the very beginning of his famous article .
There he says " the question is commonly thought of as one in which A inflicts harm on B and what has to be decided is , How should we restrain A ?
But this is wrong .
We are dealing with a problem of a reciprocal nature .
To avoid the harm to B would be to inflict harm on A .
The real question that has to be decided is , Should A be allowed to harm B or should B be allowed to harm A ?
The problem is to avoid the more serious harm . "
Or put differently , the problem is to maximize the value of production or ' wealth . '
According to Posner , whatever increases social wealth is just and whatever does n't is unjust .
The task of the law - courts , then , is to assign property rights ( and liability ) to contesting parties in such a way that ' wealth ' is maximized .
Applied to our case this means : if the cost of preventing sparks is less than the crop loss , then the court should side with the farmer and hold the railroad liable .
Otherwise , if the cost of preventing sparks is higher than the loss in crops , then the court should side with the railroad and hold the farmer liable .
But more importantly , this means also that property rights ( and liability ) are no longer something stable , constant and fixed but instead become ' variables . '
Courts assign property rights depending on market data .
And if these data change , courts may re-assign such rights .
That is , different circumstances may lead to a re-distribution of property titles .
No one can ever be sure of his property .
Legal uncertainty is made permanent .
This seems neither just nor economical .
In particular , this ' variable ' way of assigning property rights will certainly not lead to long - run wealth maximization .
Akkurt :
In some of your work , you emphasize that Hayek stresses the role of knowledge and ignores or neglects private property .
Do you think Hayek deliberately ignored , and underemphasized the crucial place of private property ?
Would you describe your view of property and knowledge in an entrepreneurial economy briefly to our readers .
Hoppe : Hayek was indeed always , from his student years on , interested in psychology .
He wrote an interesting book on it ( Sensory Order ) .
This may explain his special emphasis on knowledge and his relative neglect of property .
For instance , Hayek wrote a famous article on the " Use of Knowledge in Society . "
Mises never would have written an article with that title .
His title would have been the " Use of Property in Society . "
In the famous socialist - calculation debate , Hayek often conveyed the impression that socialism 's central problem was the ' impossibility ' of centralizing in a single mind ( the central planner 's ) all of the knowledge that existed dispersed in the heads of a multitude of separate individuals .
What I pointed out instead , in agreement with Mises , is that socialism 's central problem is that of centralizing ( concentrating ) a multitude of physically dispersed and individually owned properties into the property of one single agency ( of the socialist state ) .
It is this concentration of all property in one hand that makes economic calculation impossible .
Because where there is only one owner of all capital goods , there is no buying and selling of such goods ; hence , no capital goods prices exist and monetary calculation is impossible .
And as for the special , individual knowledge of time and place , emphasized by Hayek , it is important to keep in mind that this knowledge is essentially the result — or the epiphenomenon — of an underlying diversity of private property .
It is our property and the requirement of having to continuously act within the constraints of our property , that first influences what knowledge ( out of an abundance of overall knowledge ) is important for us to know and that further directs , shapes , and individualizes our interests and quest for knowledge .
An entrepreneur risks his own property in the attempt to satisfy some future , expected buyers ' demand better than others do .
If he succeeds , he will earn a profit , indicating that he has served consumers well .
If he fails , he will make a loss , indicating that he has served consumers badly .
Because they risk their own property , entrepreneurs are generally careful and circumspect in their investment and try to avoid any waste .
' Bad ' ( loss - making ) entrepreneurs will sooner or later go bankrupt and become employees ( instead of being an employer ) , and their mal - invested capital goods will be bought up ( at appropriately lowered prices ) by other or new entrepreneurs .
By the way :
In contrast , government officials do not produce anything consumers demand ( otherwise they would not need taxes to finance themselves ; they would simply sell whatever ' goods ' they had to offer and live of [ f ] the sales - revenue ) .
Government officials spend their tax - revenue on what they think is good , not on what consumers think good .
Moreover , government officials , who do not spend their own money , but the money coercively taken from others in the form of taxes , are typically careless and wasteful in the management of such funds .
Akkurt :
What are your views on the public choice school .
If I am not wrong you criticize James Buchanan for defending the state .
Would you briefly describe your view on this issue .
Why is there a tension between your thinking and public choice ?
Hoppe : The Public Choice school — most notably Buchanan and Tullock — is typically credited for the insight that people within government are just as much self - interested as people outside of government , i.e. , in private business .
People do not change their nature and become less self - interested upon becoming a government official .
Now this is of course a fundamentally correct insight .
But this insight is not new .
You can find it all over in the literature .
Certainly ' realist ' political sociologists such as Gaetano Mosca and Robert Michels knew this much , and ' Austrians ' knew it too , of course .
What is new about the Buchanan - Tullock school is its theory of the State and political ( as contrasted to economic ) action .
However , this innovation is patently false .
Buchanan and Tullock think the State is essentially a voluntary institution , on a par with private business firms .
They claim that ' the market and the State are both devices through which cooperation is organized and made possible . '
( Calculus of Consent , p. 19 )
And since the State is like a firm , Buchanan then concludes in his Limits of Liberty , whatever happens in politics , every status quo , ' must be evaluated as if it were legitimate contractually . '
Now , I regard all of this as dangerous nonsense .
Until Buchanan & Tullock , there existed almost universal agreement , regardless of whether one was a State - apologist or an anarchist critic of the State , as to the nature of the State , i.e. , what a State actually was .
States were recognized as categorically different forms of organization than firms : unlike firms , every State fundamentally rested on coercion .
Buchanan 's claim to the contrary would have been regarded as a childish intellectual error .
The great Austrian economist Joseph Schumpeter ( himself a member of the Lausanne rather than the Vienna or Austrian School ) once remarked on views such as Buchanan's : a " theory which construes taxes on the analogy of club dues or the purchase of the service of , say , a doctor only proves how far removed this part of the social sciences is from scientific habits of minds . "
I wholeheartedly agree with this verdict .
Akkurt : Professor Hoppe , we now want to turn to more political issues .
What is your opinion as a libertarian about the American intervention in Iraq .
Do you think that the events that began with September 11 have become an unfortunate turn for libertarian thinking ?
Hoppe : Libertarians have always known that crises , in particular wars , are good for the State and bad for liberty .
Under the cover of an emergency the power of the State is increased and individual liberty restricted .
This is exactly what has happened in the USA after September 11 , with the passing of the so - called Patriot Act , the establishment of an office of Homeland Security , the quasi-nationalization of airports and airport security , etc .
Moreover , because crises are good for the State , States often if not always fabricate these crises .
For instance , the evidence now appears rather convincing that US - President Roosevelt knew about the impending attack of Japan on Pearl Harbor .
However , he did n't do anything about it , because he wanted the event to happen , so that he could present a ' reason ' to the American public which would allow him to enter World War II — which is what he had wanted to do for quite some time .
As for Iraq , not everything is known yet .
Certain is only that President Bush and his cronies are a bunch of shameless liars .
But that came hardly as a surprise .
For quite some time , I have been in the habit of expecting government pronouncements ( in the U.S. as everywhere else ) to be lies — until proven otherwise .
It has become increasingly apparent , that the Bush - men had decided to go to war against Iraq long before September 11 .
But without September 11 , it would have been impossible to do so , because of a lack of war - support in US - public opinion .
September 11 provided the ' reason ' to carry out the planned attack .
Naturally , this makes you wonder if the Bush - men — like Roosevelt — knew about the event in advance and decided to use it to their advantage .
I do not claim to know the answer to this question .
In German publications , for instance , it has been reported that German ' intelligence ' provided the U.S. with detailed advance warnings .
It may take a long time before we find out what really happened .
In any case , the attack against Iraq has been the result of a strange mixture of evangelical missionary zeal , Zionism , and hard - nosed economic imperialism ( oil ) coming together in the Bush - men government .
Iraq was simply the perfect target .
Initially , there was considerable support for the Iraq war in the US , even though obviously no link existed between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden .
Of course , it is sad for libertarians to see one 's neighbors lose their minds and clamor for the killing of people , and the destruction of their homes , they do not know and who have done them no harm .
Slowly but surely , however , the Americans are recovering from this temporary loss of sanity and beginning to recognize that they have been betrayed .
There also have been so - called libertarians , affiliated with various organizations named after the novelist Ayn Rand , who have enthusiastically endorsed the Iraq war and even demanded that the U.S. go on and ' liberate ' the entire Muslim world .
The genuine libertarian position is a different one .
Libertarians are not pacifists .
But in their view , violence is only justified in defense , not to attack , and surely the U.S. did not act in self - defense against an attacking Iraq .
True , Saddam Hussein was a ' bad guy . '
But this does not make the U.S. invasion and occupation of Iraq an act of liberation .
If A frees B , who is held hostage by C , this is an act of liberation .
However , it is not an act of liberation if A frees B from the hands of C in order to take B hostage himself .
It is not an act of liberation if A frees B from the hands of C by killing D. Nor is it an act of liberation if A forcibly takes D's money to free B from C. Accordingly , unlike genuine liberation , which is greeted by the liberated with unanimous assent , the U.S. occupation has been met with much less than universal enthusiasm by the ' liberated ' Iraqis .
Akkurt :
What do you think about the role of the state in society ?
Is it a practical necessity , or a necessary evil ?
How would you describe the transition from a statist model , like Turkey , to a classical liberal society ?
Hoppe :
We must first quickly define what we mean by state .
I adopt what one might call the standard definition : a state is an agency that exercises a territorial monopoly of ultimate jurisdiction ( for all cases of conflicts , including conflicts involving the state itself ) and , by implication , of taxation .
Now : we have learnt in Microeconomics that " monopolies " are " bad " from the viewpoint of consumers .
Monopoly is thereby understood in its classic sense as an exclusive privilege granted to a single producer of a commodity or service , i.e. as absence of ' free entry . '
Only A is allowed to produce x .
Any such monopolist is bad for consumers because , shielded from potential new entrants into his area of production , the price of x will be higher and the quality lower than otherwise .
Why should this reasoning be different when it comes to the State 's monopoly as ultimate judge and law enforcer ?!
Given that the State is a classic monopolist , we must expect that the price of justice is higher and the quality lower than otherwise .
Worse , because the State is the judge even in conflicts involving itself , it must be expected that the state actually causes conflict in order to then ' solve ' it in his own interest .
Yet this is not justice — a good — but injustice — an evil .
So , to answer your question : No , I consider the State an un-necessary evil .
In a natural order , with a multitude of competing insurance and arbitration agencies , the price of justice would fall and its quality rise .
My two most recent books , in particular Democracy : The God That Failed and also The Myth of National Defense explain in considerable detail , how state - less societies — societies which run themselves - would operate and generate unrivaled prosperity .
What about transitional goals toward liberty for countries like Turkey ?
The answer I have is essentially the same for Turkey as for Germany , France , Italy or any other large country .
Democracy or democratization is not the answer — as it was also not the answer in the countries of the former Soviet Empire .
Nor is centralization — as it is happening in the EU — the answer .
Maybe my book should be translated into Turkish !
To the contrary , the greatest hope for liberty comes from the small countries : from Monaco , Andorra , Liechtenstein , even Switzerland , Hong Kong , Singapore , Bermuda , etc. ; and as a liberal one should hope for a world of tens of thousands of such small independent entities .
Why not a free independent city of Istanbul and Izmir , which maintain friendly relations with the central Turkish government , but which no longer make tax payments to the latter nor receive any payments from it , and which no longer recognize central government law but have their own Istanbul law or Izmir law .
The apologists of the central state ( and of superstates such as the EU ) claim that such a proliferation of independent political units would lead to economic disintegration and impoverishment .
However , not only does empirical evidence speak sharply against this claim : the above - mentioned small countries are all wealthier than their surroundings .
Moreover , theoretical reflection also shows that this claim is just another statist myth .
Small governments have many close competitors .
If they tax and regulate their own subjects visibly more than their competitors , they are bound to suffer from the emigration of labor and capital .
Moreover , the smaller the country , the greater will be the pressure to opt for free trade rather than protectionism .
Every government interference with foreign trade leads to relative impoverishment , at home as well as abroad .
But the smaller a territory and its internal markets , the more dramatic this effect will be .
If the U.S. engaged in protectionism , U.S. average living standards would fall , but no one would starve .
If a single city , say Monaco , did the same , there would be almost immediate starvation .
Consider a single household as the conceivably smallest secessionist unit .
By engaging in unrestricted free trade , even the smallest territory can be fully integrated in the world market and partake of every advantage of the division of labor .
Indeed , its owners may become the wealthiest people on earth .
On the other hand , if the same household owners decided to forego all inter-territorial trade , abject poverty or death would result .
Accordingly , the smaller the territory and its internal market , the more likely it is that it will opt for free trade .
Moreover , as I can only indicate but not explain here , secession also promotes monetary integration and would lead to the replacement of the present monetary system of fluctuating national paper currencies with a commodity money standard entirely outside of government control .
In sum , the world would be one of small liberal governments economically integrated through free trade and an international commodity money such as gold .
It would be a world of unheard of prosperity , economic growth , and cultural advancement .
Akkurt :
What do you think about libertarian thinking in developing countries ?
Under the influence of [ the ] IMF and World Bank , do you think they may find their way to a more free market economy ?
Are you optimistic about the future for these countries , including Turkey , with respect to classical liberal values ?
Hoppe : Mankind has been endowed with reason .
Hence , we may always be hopeful that the truth will ultimately win .
Whether or not one can be optimistic regarding any particular country , such as Turkey , depends on the answer to this question :
How many , what proportion , of the members of one 's country 's intellectual elite have a firm grasp of economic fundamentals ?
And it is one of the central tasks of a liberal think - tank to produce and multiply such people and thus create reasons for optimism .
What must be understood in the ' developing ' world is this .
There exist reasons why some countries are rich and others poor — and these reasons have little to do with ' exploitation ' of the poor by the rich ( although such a thing undoubtedly exists , too ) .
There exists only one way to general prosperity : through saving and investment .
Rich countries are rich , because they have accumulated a large supply of capital goods per capita .
Poor countries are poor , because they have accumulated little capital .
Why is there a lot of saving - investment and capital accumulation in some places and little in others ?
Because in some places a relatively high degree of security of private property exists or has existed in the past , and in others private property is or has been under constant attack from confiscation , taxation , and regulation .
Where private property is not secure , there will be little saving and investment .
Why is it that there is low or little private foreign investment in the so - called developing world , despite the fact that labor costs are much lower than in the U.S. or Western Europe ?
In the U.S. , you hear constant complaints about ' jobs being exported ' to low wage third - world countries .
However , the amazing thing is how small this sort of export actually is .
Again : a central reason why foreigners do not invest more in the developing world is the high insecurity of private property rights .
Moreover , it must be understood in the ' developing ' world that a sound currency and monetary system is a highly important aspect of property security .
Above all , a fundamental law must be understood : that an increase in the supply of government paper money cannot — never , ever — increase social wealth .
After all , it is just an increase in the number of colorful pieces of paper .
It does not create one single additional consumer or producer good .
Otherwise , if more paper money could produce greater wealth , why is it that there are still poor people around ?
The only thing that inflation can and does achieve is a systematic re-distribution of existing social wealth in favor of government as the producer of the additional money and its immediate clients ( and at the expense of those who must consequently pay higher prices while their own money income has remained unchanged ) .
Paper money inflation is stealing and confiscating , and the governments of ' developing ' countries have been the worst offenders against monetary security .
My advice to the undeveloped world : Acquire the reputation of a place where private property , including money , is safe ( think of Switzerland , for instance ) .
Then you will prosper .
Otherwise you wo n't .
As for help from the IMF or the World Bank , do n't count on it .
Instead , these institutions are a major source of economic mischief and misinformation .
They have been established by Western governments , foremost the U.S. , in order to promote their interests .
They are manned by thousands of ' expert ' bureaucrats on well - paid jobs requiring little work and offering exotic perks .
If they are economists , the ' experts ' are most likely Keynesians ; that is , for them , there exists no problem that paper money cannot cure .
This bureaucracy is endowed with paper money which the US and its allied governments have ' created out of thin air ' ( printed up ) .
It negotiates loans to governments of countries in financial trouble , presumably in order to get them out of trouble .
From this constellation the following prediction can be derived : Because it is not their own money or that of private investors that the international bureaucrats loan out , they have little or no interest that their policy proposals actually work and the loans be repaid .
Worse , because it is ' governments in trouble ' that are bailed out with loans , economic troubles and policies leading to such troubles are actually encouraged ( think of Zimbabwe and Mugabe ! ) .
Perversely , then , the failure of their own policy - prescriptions provides a reason for the institutions ' own continued existence and growth .
What would the IMF do , if governments would not cause economic troubles ?
Thus , cooperation with the IMF and the World Bank should be feared and avoided .
– ––––– ––
Hans -Hermann Hoppe is Professor of Economics at the University of Nevada , Las Vegas , Senior Fellow of the Ludwig von Mises Institute , and editor of the Journal of Libertarian Studies .
His most recent book is Democracy : The God That Failed , and he is editor of The Myth of National Defense .
His personal website is www.HansHoppe.com.
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
If you ’re unemployed and suffering from bad credit , a growing number of states ’ lawmakers want to remove one barrier between you and a new job : a credit check .
STATES THAT LIMIT CREDIT CHECKS
FOR EMPLOYMENT PURPOSES
The map shows states that have either enacted laws in recent years limiting the use of credit information in employment decisions or whose lawmakers have proposed similar legislation in 2010
Across the United States , legislators are working to remove employee credit checks as an obstacle to job seekers with poor credit .
Based on a survey conducted in 2009 by the Alexandria , Va. - based Society for Human Resource Management ( SHRM ) , 60 percent of employers said they conduct credit checks on at least some prospective hires .
That means if your credit report includes negative items — such as unpaid bills , foreclosures or even high debt levels — it could potentially prevent you from getting a job .
That may change .
A significant number of elected officials nationwide believe that in a difficult economy , a poor credit history should n’t be a determining factor for job applicants .
“ This is an obnoxious practice that has been excluding a number of perfectly acceptable , perfectly qualified job applicants , ” says Connecticut State Rep.
Matthew Lesser , a Democrat who twice introduced a bill seeking to prevent the widespread use of employee credit checks .
Lesser is n’t the only lawmaker fighting to help job applicants overcome poor credit .
Since 2007 , four states — Hawaii , Washington , Oregon and Illinois — have enacted legislation limiting employers ’ use of credit information .
So far in 2010 , data from the National Conference of State Legislatures show that lawmakers from 18 other states and the District of Columbia have introduced legislation that aims to limit the use of credit information in employment decisions .
Additionally , an amendment to the federal Fair Credit Reporting
Act was introduced to prohibit the use of most employee credit checks nationwide .
“ You see this black stain of bad credit tarnish a lot of communities in my state and , I suspect , in states across the county , ” Lesser says .
Those tarnished reputations may prevent consumers from getting much - needed jobs .
“ Legislators are trying to find that balance to help constituents who are out of work find jobs and not get caught in this downward spiral they can’t escape from , ” says Heather Morton , a legislative analyst with NCSL in Denver .
The case for credit checks
According to the consumer data industry , employee credit checks are a necessary tool that helps screen job applicants .
“ Employers have clearly illustrated that the use of credit reports holds value for them , right alongside the personal interview , review of education history , resume , job skills , references standardized testing and other information that they use as part of the pre-employment process , ” says Steven Katz , spokesman for the credit bureau TransUnion .
He adds that these reports are often used when hiring for positions involving access to funds , trade secrets , client assets and sensitive personal information .
( Katz stresses that consumers ’ credit reports — notcredit scores — are used in such cases . )
Some branches of the U.S. military even perform credit checks on potential recruits .
The credit industry argues that bad credit could signal a bad employee — or worse , a corporate criminal .
The Association of Certified Fraud Examiners ( ACFE ) found that the two most common indicators of potential fraud were employees living beyond their financial means and employees experiencing financial difficulties .
“ Given that financial difficulties are often associated with fraudulent behavior , it would seem advisable for organizations to devote more efforts to conducting credit background checks on new applicants , ” the ACFE said in its 2008 report .
“ If someone has bad credit , that does n’t mean they will commit fraud .
But that person has a higher risk of committing fraud than someone with a spotless credit history — all other factors being equal , ” says John Warren , vice president and general counsel with the ACFE .
“ We are not saying organizations should n’t hire anyone with a bad credit report , but it ’s definitely advisable to have some idea about an employee ’s credit history before you hire him or her — especially if that person is going to be handling money , ” Warren says .
The Consumer Data Industry Association ( CDIA ) , a trade group representing the major credit reporting bureaus , agrees that credit checks serve an important purpose .
“ Our position is that employers should be able to use those products and services that provide them with the appropriate information needed to make a hiring decision , ” says Norm Magnuson , vice president of public affairs with the CDIA in Washington , D.C.
For employers , an applicant ’s credit history is just one factor to consider when deciding who gets the job .
“ The credit report itself is used when you get to those few candidates who might make the final cut , ” Magnuson says .
“ Then it ’s one of the factors that might come into play when you ’re deciding who might be the best candidate . ”
But does bad credit equal bad employee ?
Not everyone is convinced that credit history can be used to forecast who will make a good employee .
Even a TransUnion official has acknowledged that there is no confirmed link between having poor credit and being a lousy worker .
“ At this point , we do n’t have any research to show any statistical correlation between what ’s in somebody ’s credit report and their job performance or their likelihood to commit fraud , ” TransUnion ’s director of state government relations , Eric Rosenberg , said in testimony before Oregon legislators in January .
That comment represents a break with the credit industry ’s position on the use of employee credit checks .
When reached for comment , TransUnion was unwilling to elaborate on Rosenberg ’s statement .
This is an obnoxious practice that has been excluding a number of perfectly acceptable , perfectly qualified job applicants .
Some financial experts say employee credit checks do n’t hurt only job applicants .
“ If there is no correlation , then employers who do n’t hire consumers with bad credit could be missing out on some good employees , ” says Sandy Shore , senior counselor with New Jersey - based consumer credit counseling agency Novadebt .
“ I can tell you that I have spoken to many consumers who have bad credit and are very successful at their jobs , ” she says .
As unemployment continues to hover near 10 percent , a large number of borrowers find themselves struggling with financial problems .
With a loss of income often leading to unpaid bills , unemployment can easily mean damaged credit .
The latest evaluation of screening and hiring trends by human resources firm ADP showed that 41 percent of credit records screened in 2008 showed a judgment , lien , bankruptcy or referral to a collection agency .
Reliance on credit report information in hiring decisions can also lead to people being penalized for mistakes made by others .
For example , job seekers could be impacted by errors on their credit reports — errors that a consumer would n’t even know about unless they checked their own credit report .
“ I think the majority of employees may have bad credit for any number of reasons that may not be their fault , ” Lesser says .
National law proposed
That argument is echoed by other legislators who have introduced similar bills .
At the national level , Democratic U.S. Rep .
Steve Cohen of Tennessee introduced the Equal Employment for All Act , which would amend the FCRA by prohibiting the “ use of consumer credit checks against prospective and current employees for the purposes of making adverse employment decisions . ”
In an interview with the Tavis Smiley radio show , Cohen said he expected that change would n’t come easily .
The credit reporting industry “ would lose some business , and they want to be able to use their reports for whatever reasons they can , and they ’ll fight it , ” Cohen said .
At the state level , Illinois State Rep. Jack D. Franks ’ introduced a bill — which still allows for credit checks involving police , financial institutions and insurance companies , among others — that was signed into law by the state governor in August 2010 and effective January 2011 .
Franks , a Democrat , said before the law was passed that he hopes to avoid the creation of a permanent underclass — struggling consumers who are unable to improve their financial situations .
“ Poor people have enough problems as it is , ” Franks said .
Franks also pointed out a central paradox of using credit checks in today ’s economy :
Some job applicants may be turned away by the same corporations that , amid their own financial troubles , have left workers jobless .
“ Many of the companies that are using these credit checks are ones that have filed for Chapter 11 themselves , ” he says .
“ People may have worked for these same companies . ”
Employers have clearly illustrated that the use of credit reports holds value for them .
‘ No choice ’ but to submit
Some lawmakers say companies should be the ones answering questions .
Employers “ must be able to justify their reasons for requiring this information and how it directly relates to the position .
Since many employers require job applicants to waive their right to privacy , applicants have no other choice than to submit to a credit history inquiry , ” says New York State Assemblyman Michael Benjamin , a Democrat who drafted legislation after hearing about his wife ’s friend who was denied employment due to a poor credit history .
He points to a USA Today report that the Transportation and Security Administration ( TSA ) wo n’t hire airport screeners who have $ 5,000 in overdue debt or any federal or state tax lien .
When reached for comment , the TSA said it could n’t confirm that figure , adding that job applicants ’ financial delinquencies are considered on a case - by - case basis .
The TSA noted , however , that it is a basic requirement of federal employment that government workers pay back financial obligations .
“ Beyond the basic requirement , TSA ’s background investigations and credit checks get to the larger issue of insider threat .
Employees who cannot meet their just financial obligations may be subject to pressures that could undermine security , ” says spokeswoman Lauren Gaches .
That means certain applicants may not qualify .
“ This method has ruled out 22 percent of applicants from 2005 to 2007 , ” Benjamin says .
“ The checks that the TSA and other companies conduct have raised the question of inadvertent discrimination as 48 percent of African - Americans have ‘ bad ’ credit records in comparison to 34 percent for Hispanics and 27 percent for Caucasians . ”
Other legislators say that ’s a good reason to fight the use of credit checks .
“ Just as we successfully worked to prevent discrimination in the workplace based on one ’s age , race or religion , we now need to work to prevent discrimination based on one ’s credit history , ” says Pennsylvania State Rep.
Babette Josephs , a Democrat whose own bill currently remains in committee .
California bill terminated
Not everyone in government supports bans on employee credit checks , however .
In 2009 , after California lawmakers voted against the use of employee credit checks , Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed the bill amid pressure from Chamber of Commerce leaders who labeled it a “ job killer ” for putting added pressure on already struggling employers .
With a lack of bipartisan support for Cohen ’s national bill , some analysts say state - level momentum will keep the issue of employee credit checks at the forefront .
“ The environment is there for a larger discussion on the issue , ” says Jeff Hurley , a policy associate with NCSL .
See related : Credit checks for job applicants become more common , States weigh limits on credit checks for employment , Uncle Sam wants you …unless your credit stinks ,
How to dispute credit report errors , Free credit reports :
How to get the actual free one , How to get a job when you have bad credit , Card issuers ready to check cardholder income , assets , 9 tips for job seekers with bad credit
DUBLIN , Ireland —
In the middle of its worst - ever financial crisis , Ireland has found an unlikely new hero , who has secured that status partly by facing down one of the country ’s most popular business tycoons .
The latest national icon is Matthew Elderfield , an Englishman recruited last year from Bermuda , where he was financial watchdog , to become Ireland ’s Financial Regulator .
His mission could be defined as ending Ireland ’s crony capitalism — otherwise known as “ light - touch ” regulation .
Last week Elderfield shocked and delighted the nation by giving something of a tongue - lashing to bankers while appearing before a parliamentary committee in Dublin .
The main focus of Elderfield ’s testimony was his decision two weeks ago to appoint a receiver to one of Ireland ’s largest insurance companies , the Quinn Group , because of doubts about its solvency .
( In Ireland a receiver keeps a company operational while trying to find a buyer . )
Elderfield 's move sparked an uproar of the kind that in the past might have forced a retreat .
Sean Quinn is a popular entrepreneur who has created more than 6,000 jobs in a deprived border area .
Quinn wrote angry letters to government ministers , and his workers , fearful for their jobs , staged several demonstrations .
But on Thursday he raised the white flag of surrender when the High Court in Dublin confirmed Elderfield ’s decision to take over the company .
Sean Quinn ’s basic problem is that he owes 2.8 billion euros ( $ 3.8 billion ) from the collapse of Anglo Irish Bank , a debt that caused the company to breach solvency rules .
Anglo Irish Bank is at the center of Ireland ’s banking catastrophe , which stems from the irresponsible and greedy acts of a golden circle of bankers , politicians and developers during the property bubble that lasted from 2000 to 2008 .
Several bankrupt property developers have debts in the billions and the government is pumping up to some 22 billion euros of taxpayers ’ money into Anglo Irish to keep it from collapse .
The administration has set up the National Asset Management Agency ( NAMA ) , to buy 80 billion euros worth of bad loans from the Irish banks , using government bonds that can be converted into cash by the European Central Bank .
The chief executive of NAMA , Brendan McDonagh , is also emerging as a white knight in the war on cronyism .
McDonagh , a plain - spoken native of County Kerry , is displaying a candor to which the once - cozy world of Irish finance world is not accustomed .
He castigated the banks for a “ reckless abandonment of basic credit risk and prudent lending . ”
McDonagh also earned popular acclaim for declaring war on the previously rich who have transferred their palatial homes to spouses to avoid seizure .
The reaction to Elderfield 's first public appearance since he took up his post in January has been a national sigh of relief that at last full openness has come to corporate Ireland .
Independent Senator Shane Ross , a trenchant critic of Ireland ’s bankers , said “ the important thing is that he is n’t in the pocket of the government or anyone else . ”
Elderfield lectured the politicians on how the boards of Irish banks and insurance companies need to raise their game .
He dismissed claims that he was being heavy - handed and acting in haste against the insurance company , saying he gave Quinn every chance to “ show me the money . ”
( An unnamed director of the Quinn Group told the Irish Times , “ The regulators held all the cards .
Pennies dropped across the whole system . ” )
Elderfield , a veteran of the United Kingdom 's Financial Services Authority , will in future veto the appointment of directors to the boards of Irish banks , a mechanism in the past for enriching members of the financial elite .
His English accent and no-nonsense approach represents something of a cultural transition in Ireland , made possible by public outrage at the antics of local bank directors , and the feebleness of past regulators .
He takes over an office in shambles , mainly due to lack of staff .
Labeled the “ Sheriff of Dodge City ” by Labour politician Sean Sherlock , Elderfield told the Irish Senate he needed up to 350 more deputies for his financial investigations .
In the current climate , the government dare not turn him down .
The Shen Neng 1 was nine miles ( 15 km ) outside the shipping lane A Chinese ship is in danger of breaking up after running aground off north - east Australia , sparking fears of a major oil spill into the Great Barrier Reef .
The Shen Neng 1 , carrying 950 tonnes of oil , ran aground 70 km ( 43 miles ) off the east coast of Great Keppel Island .
Some oil has already leaked and there are fears the coal - carrier may split into parts , causing a greater spillage .
The Australian authorities say the ship was in a protected area , well outside the normal shipping channels .
Chemical dispersants are being used to prevent the spill threatening the World Heritage - listed marine reserve .
It is in danger of breaking into a number of parts
Patrick Quirk
Maritime Safety Queensland
There has already been one failed attempt to refloat the 230 - metre ( 754 - ft ) vessel .
Its fuel tank , carrying 150 tonnes , has been punctured .
Light planes flying overhead to assess the extent of the leakage have spotted a small number of oil patches , thought to be two tonnes of oil , almost 4 km from the ship .
The Shen Neng 1 , with a crew of 23 , was carrying about 65,000 tonnes of coal to China from the Queensland port of Gladstone when it ran aground at full speed on a shoal on Saturday .
Queensland Premier Anna Bligh said the government was investigating why the ship strayed nine miles ( 15 km ) outside the shipping channel .
" The vessel is in a restricted zone of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park - these are zones that are off limits to shipping , " she told reporters .
Maritime Safety Queensland general manager Patrick Quirk said : " It is in danger of actually breaking a number of its main structures and breaking into a number of parts . "
Environmentalists have complained that the shipping lane beside the world - renowned marine park has become a " coal highway " .
The Capricorn Conservation Council , a Queensland environmental group , said it feared the incident was a sign of things to come .
The organisation 's vice - president , Ian Herbert , said if the ship broke up " it would would devastate the local ecosystems " .
" There are corals surrounding some of these islands that are very special , " he added .
The Great Barrier Reef is the world 's largest reef system and extends for more than 2,500 km .
Celebrated as the world 's largest living organism , it is already feared under threat from climate change .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When Mr Morris collected his car the next morning he was handed a bill for £ 150 .
" I 'm not working at the moment and that 's a lot of money for me .
It 's money I do n't think I should have had to pay , " he said .
Mr Rekers said there was nothing inappropriate with the relationship A US Baptist minister and leading anti-gay campaigner has defended himself against allegations that he holidayed in Europe with a male prostitute .
George Rekers was photographed at Miami international airport last month with a young man whom he allegedly met through a gay website called Rentboy.com .
Mr Rekers said he hired the man as a travel assistant and " was not involved in any illegal or sexual behaviour " .
He said he only realised the man 's profession once the trip had begun .
The photograph , published by the Miami New Times , shows the pair arriving back in Miami from a 10 - day trip to London and Madrid , with Mr Rekers pushing their suitcases on a trolley .
' Nothing inappropriate '
In a statement on his website , Mr Rekers called the report " slanderous " , saying he required an assistant to lift his luggage because of an ongoing condition following surgery .
" There was nothing inappropriate with this relationship , " he wrote on his blog , ProfessorGeorge.com .
Mr Rekers also apparently replied to a Facebook message from the blog Joe .
My .
God .
He wrote : " If you talk with my travel assistant ... you will find I spent a great deal of time sharing scientific information on the desirability of abandoning homosexual intercourse , and I shared the Gospel of Jesus Christ with him in great detail . "
Mr Rekers sits on the board of the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality ( Narth ) , an organisation dedicated to changing the sexuality of gay people .
A statement released by the group said it was taking the accusations seriously , but that it would not allow " personal controversies " to detract from their work of " assisting individuals dealing with unwanted homosexual attractions " .
" We are always saddened when this type of controversy impacts the lives of individuals , and we urge all parties to allow a respectful and thorough investigation to take place , " the statement added .
Mr Rekers has testified as an expert in favour of a gay adoption ban in Florida .
His published works include Growing up Straight : What Families Should Know about Homosexuality .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
They are not ready to replace Kevlar yet , but scientists are working on armored cotton t- shirts that are light and flexible but acquire the properties of boron carbide , the third hardest materials on the planet , according to researcher Xiaodong Li :
We were able to make large quantities of high - strength B4C nanowires using cotton T - shirts as both the template and carbon source .
' Cotton fibres have lots of small pores which can be used to trap the powder .
During the process the cotton fibres change to carbon fibres - which react with the boron powder , producing B4C .
The boron - carbide nanowires we synthesized keep the same strength and stiffness of the bulk boron carbide but have super - elasticity
Advertisement
The only side - effect is that the t- shirts turn to black .
Does this mean that we will have bullet - proof t- shirts soon ?
Unfortunately , no .
The technology is not there yet , although — according to other scientists — the approach seems promising .
I 'm sure the military would like to give their soldiers bullet - proof underpants .
[ RSC via PopSci ]
New York 1 ’s ex-reporter Adele Sammarco .
Lost her sexual harassment case .
Is left with a hefty lawyer ’s bill ( an unhefty lawyer ’s bill does n’t exist ) and wo n’t be fielding TV offers unless to fix a neighbor ’s set .
All because her breasts were made fun of and some unwanted snake soul - kissed her , sticking his tongue down to her navel .
She ’s in her 40s .
Hey , we ’ve all been there .
Those things happened to every one us in our earlier days .
But that was before the world became so litigious .
We ’ve each endured some too tight hug or some slob whose hand wandered where it should n’t .
Deal with it .
That ’s what we did in our younger , prettier days .
Dealt with it .
In some cases , sticking a pen in the guy ’s lower belly and whispering politely , “ Try that again , pal , and you ’ll have to go to Emergency to pee , ” worked just fine .
I was maybe 10 .
In a highly respected elderly doctor ’s Upper East Side examination room .
My mom had left for one second .
His hands began examining what was n’t there for examining .
I pushed him away and never mentioned it to a soul .
Not anybody .
Until now .
And I still remember his name .
I was maybe 16 .
The office of a theatrical agent who had a Tiffany reputation .
He took me into a private room to test my voice .
And what he looked to test was not my voice .
I pushed him off and never mentioned it to anyone .
Until now .
And I still remember his name .
In whichever way we chose , we dealt with it .
Calling a lawyer to say , “ I ’m suing because this guy laid his hands on me ” ?
Oh , please , if that ’s his only part he laid on you , get some nail extensions and inform Larry Lothario next time you ’ll rake him like the leaves .
Deal with it .
Today sexual harassment ’s against the law .
But everything except crooked politicians and thieving bankers seems against the law .
Three hardhat construction guys whistling at a girl whose dress is too low , too tight , too short could suddenly find themselves in Solitary Confinement .
Our mayor outlaws whatever he does n’t do .
So , no smoking .
No sugar , no salt , no carbs , no fats .
One day he ’ll declare sex is verboten .
Until then — deal with it .
BEING the policeman of the world is very heavy — but I guess somebody has to do it :
I now take up the case of one of the world ’s most awful vile putrid human beings .
Mel Gibson .
I give thanks to The Divine One for the fact that this man ’s career is receding at the same rate as his hairline .
In my kindly benevolent limited view he ’s the lowest in human life — except for bin Laden .
I speak not of his headlined drunken tirade against Jews , which naturally was quickly followed by the “ Some of my best friends are Jews ” speech , because even in a stupor he knew Hollywood is not a predominantly Catholic town and most studios are not run by Presbyterians .
I speak of a man with a loyal devoted wife of nearly 30 years , who stuck by him when he was nothing , when he had nothing , and with whom he had seven children — and whom he dumped by the side of the road like you do a used sofa .
The dump was because he found firmer flesh .
This new young body he ravished was only a few summers older than the amount of years he ’d lived with his handsome wife , Robyn .
But The Divine One was taking care of things .
He made sure this pip was Russian .
Let me tell you about the Russian ladies .
Libraries have been written about how they ’ll often do anything — to anyone — to get out of the country .
To get a husband so they can stay legally .
To get money .
Do n’t necessarily have to love you .
Just have to meet you .
This Oksana Grigorieva quick had Mel ’s next baby .
A girl .
So he married her .
So she does n’t need him anymore .
Actually , nobody needs him anymore .
She got his name , got his status , she ’ll get his money .
The only part of this union she no longer needs — is him .
They were together a whole five months .
They are now getting divorced .
But sweet Oksana ’s been busy .
No grass grows under whichever part she ’s not using for the moment .
The Russian lady ’s trading up .
Even before she met the temporary semi- balding former star of her dreams , Mel Gibson , she ’d already made one kid with actor Timothy Dalton .
Dalton did not marry her .
Dalton dodged the bullet .
Mel Gibson .
May he take a sleeping pill and a laxative the same night .
I feel so badly for him , I ’m sending out the party invitations now .
ONE passing note about another flopped hero .
Tiki Barber .
No longer a big - time major in - demand running back , the only part of him that ’s running these days is his front .
Married 11 years .
He has two boys , 6 and 8 .
And now , while looking to unload Ginny for their babysitter , right at this moment , now , his beautiful wife is pregnant with his twins .
I remember sitting with this fallen ex former previous hero at some autographed artwork thing for Valentine ’s Day 2003 .
A colleague pig John Edwards delivered a heart in a vase with “ Everything stems from the heart . ”
Mr. Edwards , of course , makes us all want to puke .
Tiki ’s flower had said : “ Without love there is no life . ”
This babysitter is maybe 22 .
The baby it appears she mostly sat — or whichever position worked — was Tiki .
He sent her flowers .
Gave her a diamond bracelet .
Took her on a trip with his pregnant wife .
Congratulations , Tiki .
May your career continue to fail .
There is a prison in Texas where 15.7 % of the inmates were raped in the preceding year alone .
Think about that for a second .
One in six inmates were raped either by other inmates or those charged with guarding them -- which in that prison alone means there were 470 victims of sexual violence in a 12 - month period .
In any country that likes to think of itself as a beacon of freedom , this is outrageous and must be stopped .
While the percentage is not quite as significant at other prisons around the country , it is still disgracefully high , especially for those who are violated in the most dehumanizing way possible .
This includes over 100,000 men , women and yes -- CHILDREN -- a fact that should be every bit as shocking , embarrassing and downright sickening as those photos from Abu Ghraib .
Well , now seems like the perfect time to do something about this .
It is currently Sexual Assault Awareness month , and we are approaching the end of a deadline ( June 2010 ) for the Attorney General to act on recommendations mandated by the Prison Rape Elimination Act ( PREA ) , passed in 2003 .
You want bipartisanship in Washington ?
I give you a bill that was unanimously passed , co-sponsored by Sens.
Teddy Kennedy and Jeff Sessions , and signed into law by George W. Bush .
Its standards were created by a bipartisan federal commission upon consultation with corrections officials , criminal justice experts , advocates and prison - rape survivors .
So what can you do to make sure the Obama Administration enacts these common - sense solutions , such as weeding out known predators , ensuring the especially vulnerable receive additional monitoring and increasing the overall transparency of our corrections system by providing independent audits of our prisons ?
You can quite literally make your voice heard .
How ?
By adding your public comment to the rising tide of those who realize that whether your issue is improving public health , creating a more just and moral society or saving taxpayer money ( think litigation ) , ensuring Attorney General Holder codifies the federal regulations mandated by the PREA , forthwith , should be a top priority .
Martin Luther King , Jr. once said that " In the End , we will remember not the words of our enemies , but the silence of our friends . "
In the era of interactive media , you need n't be part of the elite to make your voice heard .
Every one of us has a weapon in our very own progressive arsenal , our ability to raise our voices quite publicly .
So speak up , and become a part of a campaign to further ensure we live in the America we want and deserve .
** I am proud to be a media consultant for Just Detention International
This article is Part 1 of a 3 - part series about attention management for people who do creative work called , Making Time to Make .
Next : Part 2 , The Job You Think You Have
Finally : Part 3 , One Clear Line
Over the years , novelist Neal Stephenson ( wiki ) , has had at least a couple different pages where he 's explained why he 's chosen to limit the access he provides via email , interviews , and phone calls .
It appears to be something he 's given a lot of thought to .
Via Jessamyn , here 's an Archive.org mirror of an older version of his page where he explains his introversion and need to stay focused on his work , alongside FAQs that answer many of the questions he typically has to field .
Read it all though .
It 's pretty good .
Stephenson 's bottom line ?
I simply cannot respond to all incoming stimuli unless I retire from writing novels .
And I do n't wish to retire at this time .
And here 's another well known piece , Stephenson 's " Why I am a Bad Correspondent " , in which he lays out more details about why he 's chosen to create an expectation based on guarding his attention so slavishly :
Writing novels is hard , and requires vast , unbroken slabs of time .
Four quiet hours is a resource that I can put to good use .
Two slabs of time , each two hours long , might add up to the same four hours , but are not nearly as productive as an unbroken four .
If I know that I am going to be interrupted , I can't concentrate , and if I suspect that I might be interrupted , I can't do anything at all .
Likewise , several consecutive days with four - hour time - slabs in them give me a stretch of time in which I can write a decent book chapter , but the same number of hours spread out across a few weeks , with interruptions in between them , are nearly useless .
He closes with a practical summation of why he's made the decisions he has :
I am not proud of the fact that some of my e-mail goes unanswered as a result .
It is never my intention to be rude or to give well - meaning readers the cold shoulder .
If I were a commercial best - seller , I would have enough money to hire a staff to look after my correspondence .
As it is , my books are bought by enough people to provide me with a sort of middle - class lifestyle , but not enough to hire employees , and so I am faced with a stark choice between being a bad correspondent and being a good novelist .
I am trying to be a good novelist , and hoping that people will forgive me for being a bad correspondent .
As I read all this , I hear a man saying ( at least in my words ) , " I can either be a guy who writes novels , or I can be a guy who answers email .
Realizing I can not be both , I 've made the decision , and now I live with it . "
Like it or hate it , Neal Stephenson 's position is clear and well - articulated .
If a bit pitched , it 's a stance I admire , and frankly I think it 's an only slightly more extreme version of a position every maker needs to define if he or she expects to create the time to keep making anything .
Lead singer of eccentric indie band gets together with dance - music guy to collaborate on a concept album about an icon of 1980s excess .
Heard that one anywhere else lately ?
David Byrne and Norman Cook certainly have .
The transatlantic acclaim that greeted Gruff Rhys and Boom Bip when they recorded an electronic opera based on the life of coked - up motor tycoon John DeLorean clearly did n't go unnoticed in the homes of the former Talking Head and the ex-Housemartin .
Neon Neon 's Stainless
Style is , it 's reasonable to assume , one of the main blueprints for Here Lies Love , which recounts the fascistic fairy - tale of Imelda Marcos , from her typhoon - troubled childhood in the Philippines through her youth as a beauty queen to her imperial phase as the First Lady to dictator Ferdinand Marcos ( and , famously , the owner of 3,000 pairs of shoes ) to the couple 's dramatic downfall at the giant foam hands of the People Power movement .
The album 's title , incidentally , references the words Marcos tells interviewers she wants engraved on her headstone .
Of course , another somewhat less cool antecedent than Neon Neon is Andrew Lloyd Webber 's Evita , with the Marcoses substituted for the Perons , and the frog - faced Lord 's overblown faux - operatic arias replaced by Latin grooves , shuffling maracas , samba - shaped piano motifs and muffled mariachi brass .
The narrative of Here Lies Love – stretched , somewhat unnecessarily , across the length of a double album – is pushed along by a parade of ( mostly female ) guest vocalists in the Julie Covington / Madonna role .
The majority of these star turns , among them Roisin Murphy , Tori Amos , Martha Wainwright and Natalie Merchant , are quite charming .
Some , notably the Labelle - style roar of Sharon Jones , are startling .
A Superior Court judge today declared a mistrial in the case of an Elizabeth man accused of fatally shooting a middle school boy in 2007 , and jury selection is scheduled to begin today for a new trial .
Union County Superior Court Judge Joseph Perfilio questioned jurors individually today after one juror told him that some members of the panel viewed press coverage of the homicide trial of Edariel Melendez .
On Thursday , while in the jury room , a handful of jurors viewed a Star - Ledger article about the Melendez trial posted on NJ.com , the juror told the judge .
The post on the newspaper 's website was viewed using a cell phone , the juror said .
While most jurors admitted to having glanced briefly at the article , none would identify who owned the cell phone , and one member said there were two cell phones involved .
Previous coverage :
• Elizabeth teen recounts shooting of friend during trial of accused killer
• Alleged gang member charged in two Elizabeth murders
• Nov. 13 , 2007 : Family , neighbors cry for 13 - year - old slain in Elizabeth
• Nov. 13 , 2007 : Wounded teen recalls watching friend die
• Nov. 13 , 2007 : Isiah Speaks Out
• Nov. 12 , 2007 : Surveillance video from Elizabeth shooting
• Nov. 12 , 2007 : Masked man guns down Elizabeth teen
Jurors told Perfilio that a juror had pulled up a story showing a photo of witness Isaiah Davis testifying in the case of Edariel " Riddick " Melendez , charged with the 2007 death of 13 - year - old Elijah Henderson .
They said some jurors expressed amazement at how quickly the article appeared online , considering they had just left the courtroom after hearing Davis ’ testimony .
After a juror suggested that looking at newspaper accounts of the trial was inappropriate , the cell phone owner quickly shut if off , they told Perfilio .
Perfilio ruled members of the jury are not reliable and cannot follow the instructions of the court .
He said he is considering confiscating cell phones at the next go - around .
" After going through this , everyone denied it was them , " Perfilio said .
" It leaves us with no choice but to declare a mistrial . "
Melendez , who was 19 years old at the time and an alleged member of the Crips street gang , stands accused of fatally shooting Henderson and another person just days later in cases of mistaken identity .
Henderson was shot in the head while riding on the back of a bicycle pedaled by a friend along an Elizabeth Street about 12:30 a.m. on Nov. 12 , after the boys had sneaked out of the house during a sleepover .
Davis , then 13 and riding a second bike , was shot three times and survived .
Melendez also stands accused of killing 54 - year - old Celse Pedra two days after Elijah ’s death .
The shootings happened just blocks apart , authorities said .
Authorities have said they believe the two homicides were retribution for the Nov. 11 killing of Rahshad Thomas , a member of the Crips known as " Twin . "
Melendez had mistakenly believed Pedra , a construction worker , and the three eighth - graders on bikes were members of the rivals Bloods gang , authorities said .
A second Elizabeth man , Bryant " Smoke " Lee , then 19 , has also been charged in the killings and will be tried separately .
National Fish and Chip Day
ITICA is proud to promote National Fish & Chips Day ; an annual phenomenon reflecting the 125 year old tradition of fish and chips .
As I ’m writing this post , I ’m wondering why we did n’t feature this site earlier .
AfterPre is an excellent direct download link indexer that ’s somehow managed to evade our radar up untill now .
When compared to other DDL indexers , After Pre is unique .
Their uniqueness mostly comes from the looks – although a DDL index , the site looks and behaves and exactly like a private BitTorrent tracker running on a script such as TBDEV .
A layout that resembles a torrent index , categories , category icons , separate download pages for each indexed release – they are all here .
Only difference between AfterPre and a private tracker is that instead of . torrent files .
AP gives you a list of download links through which you can download a particular release directly .
AfterPre is not a new site and it ’s been online for more than a year .
Its process of posting scene releases online seems to be automated – something similar to what sites like NewSceneFiles , SceneFulx and SceneDDL are doing / used to do .
Pre times are pretty good and you can find most of the stuff indexed on After Pre not long after scene groups originally release them .
As of now the site ’s index consists of over 25000 releases – this is a huge amount of releases for any type of site , private tracker or a DDL forum .
Speaking of the content , you can find pretty much anything here .
Movies , Music , TV Shows , Games – if it ’s a release from the warez scene chances are that After Pre has got it .
Just like on a torrent tracker , releases are searchable by name or category .
One of the drawbacks of this site is that it does not have any packs and it does not index any releases that originate from P2P groups .
Anyways the content is still great – a screenshot of part of the main index and site layout may be found below :
As said above AfterPre offers direct download links to indexed files .
These usually point to external one click hosting services such as HotFile and RapidShare .
You can easily download files hosted on these services with a simple tool like JDownloader .
Signups for AfterPre are currently open .
You need to create an account and log into the site in order to view download links ( registration is almost instantaneous ) .
If you download scene releases over the web , this site is definitely worth checking out .
Site Name : After Pre ( http://afterpre.com)
Signup URL : http://afterpre.com/signup.php
Related Articles :
We spent hundreds of dollars and countless man-hours reviewing the first batch of iPad apps just to save you the trouble .
Here is our complete compendium of reviews , sorted by category , ranked by preference .
In other words , follow each of these links for a simple list of applications broken down by iTunes umbrella topics .
The applications reviewed near the top of each list are our favorites ; the applications reviewed near the bottom of each list are often so horrid they are n't worth mentioning ... beyond saving you the trouble .
So without further ado ...
Google Inc. is planning to introduce Android - based television software to developers at an event in May , according to people familiar with the matter .
The technology — designed to open set - top boxes , TVs and other devices to more content from the Internet — is attracting interest from partners that include Sony Corp. , Intel Corp. and Logitech International SA , which are expected to offer products that support the software , these people said .
None have so far discussed the efforts publicly .
Google , ...
Johnny covers himself in glacial acetic acid and lights a match .
Johnny is ( diacf ) dying in a chemical fire .- - - - - - - - - - - - -
- Son to mother : " Mom , your hair looks like shit today .
" Mom to son : " Oh Honey , DIACF .
" They both chuckle as Mom saturates Johnny with hydrazine .
She then kicks him into the fireplace and laughs .
The chemicals turn Johnny into a human emulsion
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
The big - screen adventures of James Bond are on hold because of the financial woes of MGM , the studio that distributes the movies , producers said .
The 23rd Bond film was in pre-production for a release next year .
" Due to the continuing uncertainty surrounding the future of MGM and the failure to close a sale of the studio , we have suspended development on BOND 23 indefinitely , " producers Michael Wilson and Barbara Broccoli said in a joint statement .
" We do not know when development will resume and do not have a date for the release of BOND 23 . "
MGM has been on the brink of bankruptcy as it works with creditors to find a new owner .
The James Bond series is the longest - running film franchise in history , with the first movie about the world 's most famous fictional spy -- " Dr. No " -- released in 1962 .
The movie franchise and merchandising are controlled by EON Productions .
Wilson and Broccoli took over the 007 franchise from Albert " Cubby " Broccoli in 1995 .
111 Shares Share
Massachusetts has a problem .
In April 2007 , they became the first state to require residents to have health insurance .
Reportedly this has resulted in 300,000 newly insured patients and lowered the uninsured population to 5 % .
But of course , given the relatively poor reimbursement rates for primary care providers , especially when it comes to government insurance , the state is facing a growing shortage of primary care providers .
Without an adequate supply of primary care physicians , however , the plan cannot guarantee timely access to care , creating a gap between coverage and actual provision of services .
As a result , waiting times to see a primary care physician can amount to weeks and even months in some instances .
It ’s ironic since the health care reform bill in Massachusetts was supposed to stress the importance of preventative care but because of the relative shortage of doctors to deliver preventative care , many patients are seeking primary care from specialists .
Unfortunately , specialists also specialize in expensive care .
Thus , health reform in Massachusetts has resulted in decreased access to primary care and higher costs .
This is what happens when you call an expansion of government health care spending , health care “ reform ” instead of legislation that actually reforms a broken system .
This may be a bad harbinger of what is to come for the rest of the nation .
What can Massachusetts do to actually reform their primary care system ?
Well , they can improve primary care reimbursement or revamp the reimbursement system to reward overall care and good outcomes rather then only rewarding physicians for visits ( quantity over quality ) or medical school debt repayment .
But why pay doctors more for better care when you can just force them to accept lower reimbursement rates ( as low as 110 % of Medicare rates ) “ as a condition of their licensure ” that would effectively make these physicians employees of the state ?
[ Senate bill 2170 and house bill 4452 ] would require physicians and all other health care providers to accept 110 % of Medicare rates for health insurance for small businesses .
For physicians , acceptance of set rates would be as a condition of licensure !
Moreover , physicians would have to accept all such patients – and such rates – if they participate in any other plan offered by that insurer .
The stated purpose of such a misguided bill is to try to decrease health care costs for small businesses but all it does is show how little the sponsors of these bills understand medical economics .
These bills make no distinction between primary care providers who are in the best position to decrease costs and specialists who tend to increase costs .
Both are penalized equally .
Nor do these bills require private insurers to pass on savings to employers .
The end result is likely to be a net loss of physicians to nearby states and many who join the increasing ranks of physicians who have cash only practices .
Even from a practical standpoint , these bills are confusing .
What does “ as a condition of their licensure ” mean ?
Does this apply only to new applicants or to re-applicants ?
Are physicians who refuse to accept lower rates going to be stripped of their licenses ?
What about physicians who are employees of private health clinics who do not have control over the rates that are accepted ?
Will they be forced to quit or risk losing their licenses ?
Are n’t people in the Northeast supposed to be generally smarter or does that not apply to their state legislators ?
Is this the beginning of the nationalization of health care in this country ?
Is this a good time to get out of the profession of medical care ?
Chris Rangel is an internal medicine physician who blogs at RangelMD.com .
Submit a guest post and be heard .
According to a new study released by social media management company Vitrue , Facebook Fans are valued at $ 3.60 a piece in earned media for big brands .
When scaled to Fan Pages with one million Fans , that equates to $ 3.6 million annually — and Vitrue says that this is just the tip of the iceberg .
As more brands and companies start to make real investments in social media , having a handle on what kind of value various platforms can offer becomes extremely important .
After all , why invest in something if you are n't going to get anything back ?
Vitrue manages more than 45 million Fans for a variety of different companies , including entertainment , media , retail and restaurant companies .
Its team sampled data from their clients '
Pages to come up with their valuation .
Valuation Breakdown
To start , Vitrue looked at its data to determine the wall post to Fan ratio , i.e. how many impressions a single wall post receives based on the number of Fans a Page has .
The average ratio for Fans : wall posts was nearly 1:1 .
In other words , if a brand has one million Fans , it gets an average of one million impressions per wall post .
Factoring in a frequency of two wall posts a day ( for ~ 60 million impressions a month ) , Vitrue then applied a $ 5 CPM against that data .
Here 's the math :
That certainly puts the value of advertising on Facebook in perspective , does n't it ?
What This Really Means
It 's also important to note that this valuation is an average .
Not all brands have a 1:1 Fan to wall impression ratio ; some were higher and some were lower .
The brands that did tend to have higher ratios tended to do a better job of posting relevant content , actively engaging Fans and customers , and also used rich media .
I talked to Reggie Bradford , the CEO of Vitrue , and he told me that while this data can certainly scale downward for smaller brands ( and might even be more valuable in that sense ) , what this study really emphasized to him and the rest of the Vitrue crew was just how important it is for brands to have a strong Facebook presence .
" It 's no longer an option , " Bradford said .
" It 's a necessity . "
The potential value that brands and companies can get from Facebook Fans is huge , especially if you consider the potential of matching location data with some of these tools .
What do you think of this study ?
Let us know !
virtualenv , pip and Distribute are tree tools that help developers and packagers .
In this short presentation we will see some virtualenv capabilities .
Please , keep in mind that all above stuff has been made using : Debian Lenny , python 2.5 and virtualenv 1.4.5 .
Abstract virtualenv builds python sandboxes where it is possible to do whatever you want as a simple user without putting in jeopardy your global environment .
virtualenv allows you to safety : install any python packages
add debug lines everywhere ( not only in your scripts )
switch between python versions
try your code as you are a final user
and so on ...
Install and usage Install Prefered way Just download the virtualenv python script at http://bitbucket.org/ianb/virtualenv/raw/tip/virtualenv.py and call it using python ( e.g. python virtualenv.py ) .
For conveinience , we will refers to this script using virtualenv .
Other ways For Debian ( ubuntu as well ) addicts , just do : $ sudo aptitude install python - virtualenv Fedora users would do : $ sudo yum install python - virtualenv
And others can install from PyPI ( as superuser ) : $ pip install virtualenv or $ easy_install pip && pip install virtualenv
You could also get the source here .
Quick Guide
To work in a python sandbox , do as follow : $ virtualenv my_py_env $ source my_py_env/bin/activate ( my_py_env ) $ python " That 's all Folks ! "
Once you have finished just do : ( my_py_env ) $ deactivate or quit the tty .
What does virtualenv actually do ?
At creation time Let 's start again ... more slowly .
Consider the following environment : $ pwd / home / you / some / where $ ls Now create a sandbox called my - sandbox : $ virtualenv my - sandbox New python executable in " my-sandbox /bin/ python "
Installing setuptools ............ done .
The output said that you have a new python executable and specific install tools .
Your current directory now looks like : $ ls - Cl my - sandbox / README $ tree -L 3 my - sandbox my - sandbox / |-- bin | |-- activate | |-- activate_this.py | |-- easy_install | |-- easy_install - 2.5 | |-- pip | `-- python |-- include | `-- python2.5 ->
/usr/include/python2.5 `-- lib `-- python2.5 |-- ... |-- orig-prefix.txt |-- os.py ->
/usr/lib/python2.5/os.py |-- re.py ->
/usr/lib/python2.5/re.py |-- ... |-- site - packages | |-- easy - install.pth | |-- pip-0.6.3-py2.5.egg | |-- setuptools-0.6c11-py2.5.egg | `-- setuptools.pth |-- ...
In addition to the new python executable and the install tools you have an whole new python environment containing libraries , a site - packages / ( where your packages will be installed ) , a bin directory , ...
Note : virtualenv does not create every file needed to get a whole new python environment .
It uses links to global environment files instead in order to save disk space end speed up the sandbox creation .
Therefore , there must already have an active python environment installed on your system .
At activation time
At this point you have to activate the sandbox in order to use your custom python .
Once activated , python still has access to the global environment but will look at your sandbox first for python 's modules : $ source my - sandbox / bin/ activate ( my- sandbox ) $ which python / home / you / some / where / my- sandbox/bin/ python $ echo $ PATH / home / you / some/ where/my-sandbox/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin:/usr/games ( pyver ) $ python - c ' import sys; print sys.prefix ; ' / home / you / some / where/my-sandbox ( pyver ) $ python - c ' import sys; print "
" .join(sys.path ) ' /home/you/some/where/my-sandbox/lib/python2.5/site-packages/setuptools-0.6c8-py2.5.egg [...]
/home/you/some/where/my-sandbox
/home/you/personal/PYTHONPATH
/home/you/some/where/my-sandbox/lib/python2.5/ [...]
/usr/lib/python2.5 [...]
/home/you/some/where/my-sandbox/lib/python2.5/site-packages [...]
/usr/local/lib/python2.5/site-packages
/usr/lib/python2.5/site-packages [...]
First of all , a ( my- sandbox ) message is automatically added to your prompt in order to make it clear that you 're using a python sandbox environment .
Secondly , my - sandbox / bin/ is added to your PATH .
So , running python calls the specific python executable placed in my - sandbox / bin .
Note
It is possible to improve the sandbox isolation by ignoring the global paths and your PYTHONPATH ( see Improve isolation section ) .
Installing package
It is possible to install any packages in the sandbox without any superuser privilege .
For instance , we will install the pylint development revision in the sandbox .
Suppose that you have the pylint stable version already installed in your global environment : ( my- sandbox ) $ deactivate $ python - c ' from pylint.__pkginfo__ import version ; print version ' 0.18.0
Once your sandbox activated , install the development revision of pylint as an update : $ source / home / you / some / where / my- sandbox / bin/activate ( my- sandbox ) $ pip install - U hg + http://www.logilab.org/hg/pylint#egg=pylint-0.19
The new package and its dependencies are only installed in the sandbox : ( my- sandbox ) $ python -c ' import pylint.__pkginfo__ as p;print p.version , p.__file__ ' 0.19.0 /home / you/some/where/my-sandbox/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pylint/__pkginfo__.pyc ( my - sandbox ) $ deactivate $ python - c ' import pylint.__pkginfo__ as p;print p.version , p.__file__ ' 0.18.0 /usr/lib/pymodules/python2.6/pylint/__pkginfo__.pyc
You can safely do any change in the new pylint code or in others sandboxed packages because your global environment is still unchanged .
Useful options Improve isolation
As said before , your sandboxed python sys.path still references the global system path .
You can however hide them by : either use the - - no - site - packages that do not give access to the global site - packages directory to the sandbox
that do not give access to the global site - packages directory to the sandbox or change your PYTHONPATH in my - sandbox / bin / activate in the same way as for PATH ( see tips ) $ virtualenv -- no - site - packages closedPy $ sed - i '9 i PYTHONPATH=" $ _OLD_PYTHON_PATH " 9i export PYTHONPATH 9i unset _OLD_PYTHON_PATH 40i _OLD_PYTHON_PATH=" $ PYTHONPATH " 40i PYTHONPATH= " . " 40 i export PYTHONPATH ' closed Py / bin/activate $ source closed Py / bin/activate ( closedPy ) $ python - c ' import sys ; print "
" .join(sys.path ) ' /home/you/some/where/closedPy/lib/python2.5/site-packages/setuptools-0.6c8-py2.5.egg
/home/you/some/where/closedPy
/home/you/some/where/closedPy/lib/python2.5 /home/you/some/where/closedPy/lib/python2.5/plat-linux2 /home/you/some/where/closedPy/lib/python2.5/lib-tk /home/you/some/where/closedPy/lib/python2.5/lib-dynload
/usr/lib/python2.5
/usr/lib64/python2.5
/usr/lib/python2.5/lib-tk /home/you/some/where/closedPy/lib/python2.5/site-packages
$ deactivate
This way , you 'll get an even more isolated sandbox , just as with a brand new python environment .
Work with different versions of Python
It is possible to dedicate a sandbox to a particular version of python by using the -- python=PYTHON_EXE which specifies the interpreter that virtualenv was installed with ( default is /usr / bin / python ) : $ virtualenv -- python=python2.4 pyver24 $ source pyver24 / bin/ activate ( pyver24 ) $ python -V Python 2.4.6 $ deactivate $ virtualenv -- python=python2.5 pyver25 $ source pyver25 / bin/ activate ( pyver25 ) $ python - V Python 2.5.2 $ deactivate Distribute a sandbox
To distribute your sandbox , you must use the -- relocatable option that makes an existing sandbox relocatable .
This fixes up scripts and makes all .pth files relative
This option should be called just before you distribute the sandbox ( each time you have changed something in your sandbox ) .
An important point is that the host system should be similar to your own .
Tips Speed up sandbox manipulation
Add these scripts to your . bashrc in order to help you using virtualenv and automate the creation and activation processes .
rel2abs ( ) { # from http://unix.derkeiler.com/Newsgroups/comp.unix.programmer/2005-01/0206.html [ " $ # " - eq 1 ] || return 1 ls - Ld -- " $ 1 " > / dev/null || return dir =$ ( dirname -- " $ 1 " && echo . ) || return dir=$ ( cd - P -- " $ {dir % ? ?} " && pwd - P && echo . ) || return dir=$ {dir % ??} file =$ ( basename -- " $ 1 " && echo . ) || return file =$ {file % ??} case $ dir in /) printf '%s
' " /$ file " ; ; /*) printf '%s
' " $ dir / $ file " ; ; *) return 1 ; ; esac return 0 } function activate ( ) { if [ [ " $ 1 " == " - - help " ] ] ; then echo -e " usage : activate PATH
" echo -e " Activate the sandbox where PATH points inside of .
" return fi if [ [ " $ 1 " == '' ] ] ; then local target =$ ( pwd ) else local target =$ ( rel2abs " $ 1 " ) fi until [ [ " $ target " == '/' ] ] ; do if test -e " $ target / bin/activate " ; then source " $ target / bin/activate " echo " $ target sandbox activated " return fi target =$ ( dirname " $ target " ) done echo ' no sandbox found ' } function mksandbox ( ) { if [ [ " $ 1 " == " - - help " ] ] ; then echo -e " usage : mksandbox NAME
" echo -e " Create and activate a highly isaolated sandbox named NAME .
" return fi local name= ' sandbox ' if [ [ " $ 1 " != " " ] ] ; then name = " $ 1 " fi if [ [ -e " $ 1/bin/activate " ] ] ; then echo " $ 1 is already a sandbox " return fi virtualenv -- no - site - packages -- clear -- distribute " $ name " sed - i '9 i PYTHONPATH=" $ _OLD_PYTHON_PATH " 9i export PYTHONPATH 9i unset _OLD_PYTHON_PATH 40i _OLD_PYTHON_PATH=" $ PYTHONPATH " 40i PYTHONPATH= " . " 40 i export PYTHONPATH ' " $ name / bin/activate " activate " $name " } Note :
The virtualenv - commands and virtualenvwrapper projects add some very interesting features to virtualenv .
So , put on eye on them for more advanced features than the above ones .
The legalisation of all drugs would cause the black market to collapse and considerably reduce the pressure on the police , former Liberal leader and European commissioner Frits Bolkestein says in an opinion piece in Tuesday ’s NRC .
The article is also signed by former D66 health minister Els Borst and law professor Theo Roos .
According to the authors , combating the criminal drugs trade costs the Dutch tax payer € 924 a year .
Legalisation of all drugs would also remove the anomalies attached to the current policy of turning a blind eye to cannabis sales and improve the health of addicts because quality could be guaranteed , the authors say .
For the full article in English , click here
WASHINGTON —
In its most comprehensive study so far , the nation ’s leading scientific body declared on Wednesday that climate change is a reality and is driven mostly by human activity , chiefly the burning of fossil fuels and deforestation .
The group , the National Research Council , an arm of the National Academy of Sciences , issued three reports describing the case for a harmful human influence on the global climate as overwhelming and arguing for strong immediate action to limit emissions of climate - altering gases in the United States and around the world — including the creation of a carbon pricing system .
Congress requested the reports in 2008 .
This is the first time the academy has issued specific recommendations on how to mitigate or adapt to climate change .
One of the reports , “ Limiting the Magnitude of Future Climate Change , ” urges the United States to set a greenhouse gas emissions “ budget ” that restricts overall emissions and provides a measurable goal for policy makers and for industry .
It does not recommend a specific target but says the range put forward by the Obama administration and Congress is a “ reasonable goal . ”
Notes From The Archive : Econyl®
Over the last few weeks we 've been delving into the Finisterre archives , looking at key moments from our history .
Moments that have shaped us , defined us , and left an enduring mark in the memories of our team and community ....
I 'm working on a SPOJ problem , INTEST .
The goal is to specify the number of test cases ( n ) and a divisor ( k ) , then feed your program n numbers .
The program will accept each number on a newline of stdin and after receiving the nth number , will tell you how many were divisible by k .
The only challenge in this problem is getting your code to be FAST because k can be anything up to 10^7 and n can be as high as 10^9 .
I 'm trying to write it in Python and have trouble speeding it up .
Any ideas ?
Edit 2 : I finally got it to pass at 10.54 seconds .
I used nearly all of your answers to get there , and thus it was hard to choose one as ' correct ' , but I believe the one I chose sums it up the best .
Thanks to you all .
Final passing code is below .
Edit : I included some of the suggested updates in the included code .
Extensions and third - party modules are not allowed .
The code is also run by the SPOJ judge machine , so I do not have the option of changing interpreters .
There 's more to owning property than collecting rentals .
Here 's some of the downside .
Mortgage Rates 30 yr fixed 3.80 % 15 yr fixed 3.20 % 5/1 ARM 3.84 % 30 yr refi 3.82 % 15 yr refi 3.20 % Find personalized rates :
Rates provided by Bankrate.com .
Tycoons in the making    NEW YORK ( CNN / Money ) - Real - estate investing is big business ... and getting bigger .
Second - home purchases , mostly for investment purposes , last year accounted for more than a third of all single - family home sales in the United States , according to the National Association of Realtors .
Throw in sales of duplexes , apartment houses , and condos for investment purposes and you get some idea how many people want to play landlord .
And why not ?
Not only do you rake in rent money every month , you can also reap profits from soaring housing prices .
As any landlord will tell you , however , it 's not as easy as it looks .
Erwin Jackson , who owns about 300 units in the Florida panhandle , has done well swooping in and buying from disillusioned landlords .
" The best deals I ever got were from new landlords who six months in realized , " ' This is a lot more work than I thought . ' "
Ken McElroy , a founder of MC Companies in Scottsdale , Arizona and author of a bestseller , " The ABCs of Real Estate Investing , " said too many buyers of rental properties look at is as an investment , not as a business .
" But it 's both -- the business part takes much more time than they imagined . "
McElroy said the only properties he buys anymore are mismanaged ones , and there are plenty of those .
The prices they command are low enough that he can spend some money to fix them up and turn them around -- and still rent them at a profit .
The biggest single mistake new landlords make , according to McElroy , " Is who they put in the asset .
That 's where the problems come from . "
Keep up the cash flow
The pressure to fill vacancies can be intense .
Matthew Martinez , a landlord and real estate investor from Massachusetts who has a book coming out in a few months entitled , " Two Years to a Million in Real Estate , " said , " Any vacancy is an attack on your financial prosperity .
When I think about the money I lose every day I have a vacancy , I feel sick to my stomach . "
Landlords have to screen renters carefully .
" We run a credit check , a criminal background check , and now a sex offender check on every applicant , " said McElroy .
In addition to making sure tenants will pay their rent , there are liability issues involved .
Landlords can be sued if they negligently rent to criminals .
These checks , however , are far from foolproof .
" You can do a great background check , even have a perfectly wonderful tenant for a year or two , " said Martinez , " and still , all of a sudden , get in trouble . "
Martinez rented a Boston apartment to a woman who , after many months living there , began to " date the wrong person , " he said .
" She started using drugs , then she started dealing drugs , although I could n't prove that . "
Evicting her took five months , and she paid no rent that entire time .
And if he had n't gotten her out , it could have caused more problems .
What if another tenant had been injured because of the criminal activity ?
Lawsuits of all stripes prey on landlords ' minds .
Jackson said his company provides many services to his renters just to avoid legal hassles .
" Early on , " he said , " one of my tenants borrowed my lawnmower .
He hit a piece of metal in the grass .
His roommate was sunning himself nearby and the metal flew up and opened a gash in his forehead .
The roommate sued me .
Now we do all the lawns , replace fluorescent light , repair the windows ; I do n't want tenants doing anything . "
Day by day Besides these acute problems , there 's the everyday hassle of managing the paperwork , overseeing contractors , paying the ever - increasing taxes , collecting rents , and looking after the properties .
Getting called in the middle of the night to fix someone 's clogged toilet is not for everyone .
Even when you can afford to let others handle the day - to - day headaches , there are other rough seas to navigate .
Gary Cherry farms out the management duties of the three properties in Tallahassee , Florida he owns , two small and one medium - sized multi-family sites with a total of 75 units .
The largest , a 66 - apartment building , was the latest purchase and has proven the most difficult .
" The building had a lot more problems than I thought , " said Cherry .
" Afterwards , you scratch your head and say , ' Why did n't I notice that . '
You have to look the structure over very carefully . "
Doing the math Buyers of investment properties must make dispassionate assessments of the benefit they 'll derive from their investments and the downside risk involved .
Landlords can't afford to fall in love with a property like an owner of a primary residence can .
It boils down to a numbers game :
How much cash will flow from the investment ?
For many landlords , cash flow is essential because they can't really count on housing prices to continue to soar .
One key calculation is the " cap rate , " annual rents you can collect versus the property value .
For a property that costs $ 500,000 dollars and generates $ 3,300 per month in rent , the cap rate would be nearly 8 percent ( $ 39,600 divided by $ 500,000 ) .
" Anyone who gets less than 8 percent cap rate is going to be out - of - pocket every month , " said Martinez .
That 's because out of that $ 39,600 in rents , the landlord must pay the mortgage ( at recent rates of about 5 percent for a $ 400,000 loan , that would come to about $ 3,167 a month ) and pay for repairs as well .
At 8 percent , even just routine repairs and replacements can wipe out your profits .
Then too , if a landlord finds himself spending for repairs of structural defects that he did n't identify before the purchase and did n't plan for , it can really wreck his budget .
As Erwin Jackson said , " Everybody wants to try it and I would encourage them to do so .
Just make sure they have my phone number so they can get in touch when they 're ready to sell . "
____________________________________________________________
Three myths of condo investing
For more of the plus side of real estate investing , click here .
It 's not so easy being a real estate broker either .
For more , click here .
