The big screen version of ‘ the A - Team ’ is filming this week in British Columbia , Canada , with Liam Neeson as ‘ Hannibal ’ , Bradley Cooper as ‘ Faceman ’ , Sharlto Copely from ‘ District 9 ′ as ‘ Murdoch ’ , and Quinton Rampage Jackson – who is basically the most likable person on earth – as ‘ BA Baracus ’ .
Jessica
Biel is still cast but not on set yet .
It ’s directed by Joe Carnahan , who should open the movie , nay , film , with the same shot he used to open his BMW Film ‘ Ticker ’ , because it ’s awesome and perfect .
Except with Rampage and the black van , instead of Clive Owen and a Z4 , because that would n’t make any sense in this context .
People would be like , this is bullshit man , and just walk out .
( 16 more here .
hq jump here .
source = inf daily )
DETROIT ( AP ) 
The Tigers may still be battling to win the AL Central , but officials already are preparing for the possibility of a World Series in Detroit .
Law enforcement personnel were to descend from helicopters into Comerica Park on Tuesday morning as part of an exercise to prepare for a possible championship series .
Officials first delayed the security exercise to Wednesday after rain Monday night forced a Tuesday doubleheader between the Tigers and second - place Minnesota Twins .
The event later was delayed until an unspecified future date .
Officials say Detroit SWAT and U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel will participate in the " fast - roping " exercise , in which agents descend into the ballpark on a thick rope from a helicopter .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
[ between seizure ]
MRI scans at the time of initial neurologic evaluation : T1 sagittal ( A ) , contrast - enhanced coronal ( B ) , and contrast - enhanced axial ( C ) views .
In A and B , the tumor mass extends superiorly from the olfactory groove , displacing the right orbitofrontal cortex and distorting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex
Multidirectional disorders of sexual drive in a case of brain tumour
[ used physical violence and threatened to kill her if she told ]
[ he demanded that his wife beat him with a club ]
[ Also bestiality with cows and calves . ]
[ he fancied wearing a red ribbon around his exposed penis ]
Uncharted 2 : Among
Thieves released last week , to the mass approval of fans and critics ’ alike .
Naughty
Dog was praised for once again , creating a fun , deep storyline with stunning realism in character interaction .
With so much hype with the game , and the game actually delivering on that , ( PSLS gave the game a 5/5 Editor ’s Choice Award ) did the sales pull through ?
The answer is a resounding yes !
In the first week , Nathan Drake & Co. managed to sell 836,000 units worldwide .
However , these brow - raising numbers only place the game at number two for the fastest selling PS3 exclusive , of all time .
Compare these numbers to the first week of worldwide sales for Uncharted : Drake ’s Fortune , which managed to sell 134,000 units ( only 32,000 units in its opening week , in North America ) .
So you must be wondering , if Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves is the 2nd fastest PS3 exclusive ever , what game is the first ?
Named by numerous media outlets as last year ’s Game of the Year , Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots was the fastest selling PS3 exclusive ever .
In the opening week of worldwide sales , Old Snake sold a whopping 1.7 million units in its opening week ( almost 5 million in its lifetime ) .
Still , Naughty Dog should be proud of the sales figures .
In fact , they are .
Amy Hennig , Creative Director of Naughty Dog stated in a recent interview , sales were “ exceeding expectations ” .
“ I would definitely say it ’s exceeding expectations .
“ Being in the industry for a while you learn to try to manage your expectations because you ’d rather be surprised with good news than disappointed .
It ’s a tough business , but from the early numbers I ’ve seen getting reported back it ’s exceeded any estimates we had internally , and it ’s certainly outsold the first game by many , many times .
That and the critical reception so far has been really gratifying . ”
– Amy Henning , Creative Director , Naughty Dog [ Source ]
Stick with PlayStation LifeStyle as we ’ll bring you all the news from Nathan Drake and his latest adventure .
[ Source ]
Forget football .
If you want to see a cut - throat profession where a short run of poor form will see balding managers who wear very bad suits get publicly sacked , just wander into the air - conditioned offices of a major film company .
This week has seen yet another round of hirings and firings at Hollywood 's biggest studios , continuing a summer - long executive bloodbath that is now being compared , only half in jest , with the sort of fare that attracts popcorn - guzzling punters to late - night horror screenings .
The latest heads on the chopping block belonged to Marc Shmuger and David Linde , chairmen of Universal Pictures , who were called into a meeting at the company 's Burbank headquarters on Monday morning and told that rumours of their impending demise were entirely accurate .
Their sacking followed a year that has seen Universal release expensive misfire after expensive misfire , from Sacha Baron Cohen 's heavily marketed Bruno , to Johnny Depp 's Public Enemies , Will Ferrell 's Land of the Lost , and Adam Sandler 's critically lauded but publicly ignored Funny People .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Yet no sooner had they joined the roughly 10 per cent of Californians now seeking work than iPhones and BlackBerries began bleeping across Los Angeles with news of a major shake - up on Disney 's nearby back - lot .
Rich Ross was unveiled as the replacement for studio head Dick Cook , who got the bullet last month thanks a series of flops that included the unfortunately timed Confessions of a Shopaholic , released in the depths of a consumer recession .
Across the film industry a sense of turmoil is palpable , as the media companies that control major Hollywood institutions struggle to cope with a shifting marketplace that has seen DVD sales decline disastrously – the market fell 9 per cent last year and is down 13.5 per cent in 2009 – while film marketing costs continue to soar , and cheap finance vanishes .
Fewer films are being made , particularly at the quirkier end of the spectrum , which had traditionally relied on DVD to help adult - orientated titles ( which sometimes struggle at the cinema ) break into profit .
Independent production houses like New Line and Disney 's Miramax , which announced a slew of redundancies at the weekend , are being scaled back or closed completely .
Distributors are reluctant to foot enormous marketing bills for bringing risky titles to market .
Even Steven Spielberg has been struggling to raise cash .
It took him almost a year to get hold of enough money to take his firm Dreamworks independent : the collapse of AIG , which was due to provide a portion of the $ 1.2 bn start - up cost , left him frantically searching for new backers .
Less robust moguls are being elbowed aside , after failing to cope with changing public appetites for film , and an evolving business environment that now means the lion 's share of income from successful movies comes from franchising : video games , theme park rides , TV spin - offs .
In August , the debt - ridden MGM got rid of Harry Sloan as its CEO , replacing him with a team of restructuring experts .
A month earlier , Paramount replaced its two most senior production executives , John Lesher and Brad Weston .
Universal 's sister TV company NBC recently axed its top man , Ben Silverman .
Recent years have seen a sea-change in the nature of blockbuster movies .
Film - goers are tending to ignore star " vehicles " – the latest Eddie Murphy flick , for example , cost $ 55 m and made back just $ 18 m – in favour of concept - driven titles like Transformers , The Hangover and the recent Star Trek prequel .
Some of the biggest financial success stories , such as Iron Man and Batman , have been inspired by comic - book heroes .
Others , such as GI Joe , owe their creation to hit toys .
Still more have revolved around literary franchises like Harry Potter .
If you want to be a successful studio executive , this trend represents a game - changer : it totally alters the nature of your job .
In the past , the most successful film moguls were old - fashioned impresarios , who tried to put the right script in the hands of the right A - list director and stars .
The new Hollywood is different .
The most important ability for any would - be movie executive of the future is to be able to identify promising concepts .
A previously unknown studio called Summit , for example , has become a major player in just 12 months after hoovering up rights to the Twilight novels : the first film in what will become a long - running franchise cost just $ 37 m to make , yet returned an astonishing $ 383 m .
In Hollywood 's recent game of musical chairs , none of the recent sackings illustrate the implications of this trend more readily than that of Disney Studios head Dick Cook .
A popular figure , who joined the Mouse House 40 years earlier , as the driver of a theme - park monorail car , Cook enjoyed unparalleled relationships with talent .
On the day Cook was fired by his boss Bob Iger , Johnny Depp was so perturbed that he decided to phone the Los Angeles Times from London , where it was the middle of the night , to tell a shell - shocked reporter that he was " shocked and saddened " at the demise of " the sweetest man alive " and might even quit the next Pirates of the Caribbean movie in protest .
But in today 's market , Cook 's greatest strength was also his biggest weakness .
While he was brilliant at persuading stars like Depp and John Travolta to say " yes " to projects , he was rather less adept at saying " no " to some of their more outrageous demands , particularly in the arena of salaries and budgets .
Cook 's replacement , Rich Ross , made his name at The Disney Channel , where he nurtured franchises like High School Musical and Hannah Montana .
He will refocus the studio on family - friendly blockbuster franchises that can be turned into theme - park rides , music albums and other spin - offs to boost the bottom line .
This may not , of course , represent entirely good news for film - lovers .
But rightly or wrongly , as the string of executives now seeking fresh employment will be only too aware , all Hollywood ever really does is follow the money .
Hits and misses
Flop : Surrogates
Disney chairman Dick Cook was fired after releasing a long run of star - driven titles that underperformed , including Confessions of a Shopaholic , Bedtime Stories , and Race to Witch Mountain .
The Bruce Willis vehicle Surrogates , which hit theatres a week after Cook 's demise , on 25 September , was the last straw .
It has so far taken $ 34 m ; normally , not so bad .
But Cook allowed production costs to reach $ 80 m – leaving the Mouse House in hock for $ 46 m .
Flop : Land of the Lost
A year ago , Universal 's Marc Shmuger and David Linde could do no wrong .
The years 2007 and 2008 were two of the most profitable in Universal 's history thanks to mega-hits like Mamma Mia , Knocked Up and The Bourne Ultimatum .
This summer , however , has been one horror show after another .
Expensive , heavily marketed titles like Public Enemies , Bruno , Funny People , and Love Happens all disappointed .
The biggest flop was Will Ferrell 's Land of the Lost .
Made for $ 100 m ( twice the usual rate for a Ferrell vehicle ) , worldwide receipts so far total just $ 62 m .
Flop : Fame
You can't just blame Harry Sloan for the financial crisis that has driven MGM , one of Hollywood 's most celebrated institutions , to the verge of bankruptcy , with debts approaching $ 4bn .
But the failure of Sloan 's plan to turn
The Lion from a distributor of other people 's titles into a producer of its own material hardly helped .
The recent release of the remake of Fame , which hit cinemas a month after he was moved aside as CEO , and was their first film of the year , is a case in point : it opened third in the box - office charts , and has so far made just £ 20 m .
GA/EF /3242
Sixty - fourth General Assembly
Second Committee
Panel Discussion ( AM )
Panel Discussion Addresses ' New Cooperation for Global Food Security '
Food production must double by 2050 to meet the demand of the world 's growing population and innovative strategies are needed to help combat hunger , which already affects more than 1 billion people in the world , several experts today told the Second Committee ( Economic and Financial ) during a panel discussion on " New cooperation for global food security " .
The 2008 food price crisis , the result of decades of insufficient investment in agriculture and food security , swelled the ranks of the poor and undernourished to 1 billion people , and , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) , an extra 100 million people could go hungry this year as a consequence of the combined negative effects of the food price crisis , the financial and economic crisis , and climate change .
Committee Chairperson Park In - kook ( Republic of Korea ) said to achieve food security , investment in agricultural research , natural resources , financial services , local infrastructure , market links and safety nets were pivotal .
Food prices , already high and volatile , could spike again as droughts , floods and other climate - related events affected harvests , and States must develop responses for both the short - term and the medium - term .
Agriculture had to adapt to changing weather patterns caused by climate change , and social protection and safety nets had to be strengthened to ensure adequate access to food for those in need .
Rajul Pandya - Lorch , Chief of Staff and Head of the 2020 Vision for Food , Agriculture , and the Environment Initiative , International Food Policy and Research Institute ( IFPRI ) , said that , despite efforts to improve food security by the international community , the number of people going hungry has remained relatively constant over the last half century , which forced the question : " What do we need to do differently ? "
Agriculture and the food system had undergone a structural transformation in recent years , manifested by price hikes and driven by income and population growth , migration and urbanization , as well as speculation , she said .
While prices had dropped globally following last year 's hike , many countries had not experienced equivalent price drops on the national level .
" People can say the food crisis is over , but it 's not actually over , " she said , adding that the financial crisis and the recession had compounded the crisis .
There was now less available capital to invest in agriculture , and smallholders who had taken advantage of the rising prices then , were mired in debt today .
" Land grabs " was another factor that had impacted food security .
And then there was " climate change , climate change , climate change . "
Pedro Medrano , Director of the New York Liaison Office and Regional Director for Latin America and the Caribbean , World Food Programme ( WFP ) , highlighted three key messages : that hunger and malnutrition are rising , that they have long - term negative consequences and that an urgent and comprehensive response was required .
While at least 1 billion people went hungry , an even more striking number was that 2 billion suffered from micronutrient deficiencies .
As a result of the financial crisis and continued high food prices , people ate less , and ate less well , as they switched to cheaper , less nutritious food .
As a consequence , children became more prone to illness and learned less .
In terms of the Millennium Development Goals , hunger was a central factor .
" Hunger is not just a consequence of poverty , it leads to poverty , " he said .
Hunger was related to school attendance ; it was the leading cause of child mortality and increased the risk of HIV / AIDS transmission .
" There is no doubt that the world needs to invest in agriculture , " he said , but added that agriculture alone cannot solve the problem of hunger , and national food assistance programmes were vital to eradicate hunger .
He urged States not to cut back support for vulnerable people and noted that , discouragingly , international food and nutrition assistance only amounted to 3 per cent of official development assistance and had been declining since 1992 .
He concluded by pointing to a range of innovative partnerships to combat hunger .
" Together we can win the fight against hunger and malnutrition , " he said .
Ms. Pandya - Lorch had struck a similar note earlier when she said that , although the situation seemed bleak , it could be a blessing in disguise , as it forced a re-evaluation of how to combat hunger .
" One can get discouraged , but we 've had a lot of successes , " she said .
Cooperation , trust and visionary leadership that emphasized innovation and risk - taking were central to those efforts .
David Nabarro , Coordinator of the High - level Task Force of the Secretary - General on the Global Food Security Crisis , said there were new and promising forms of national and global cooperation for food security .
At last year 's food security conference in Rome , Governments , grappling with the spike in food prices , came together to see how to best address the problem .
Several United Nations agencies also responded .
For example , the World Food Programme mobilized $ 5.6 billion in order to bring emergency food relief to 30 per cent more beneficiaries than before .
The World Bank set up a global food prices response programme and the International Fund for Agricultural Development ( IFAD ) added $ 200 million to its budget .
The High - level Task Force , set up last year , brought together more than 20 entities to address food security and anticipate future crises .
It encouraged Governments to put the right to food at the centre of development , and to create long - term social protection systems and agricultural entrepreneurship , with a particular focus on the needs of small - farm holders .
Many Governments were already heeding that counsel , he said .
During its meeting last year in Sharm El - Sheikh , the African Union mobilized € 1 billion for food security .
Government officials and farmers ' organizations came together during a major conference in Madrid in January , in which Spain 's Government pledged € 1 billion and sought to get other countries to do the same .
During the Group of Eight ( G - 8 ) Summit in L'Aquila , Italy in July , the United States , Australia and many European nations began to forge the so - called " L'Aguila Initiative on Food Security " .
More than $ 20 billion in development aid was pledged over the next three years .
New partnerships and cooperation were forming in the lead - up to the 16 November food security summit in Rome , organized by the Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) .
Arthur Getz Escudero , Director of Global Policy Change and Food Systems Advocacy , Heifer International , said for decades Governments and world financial institutions had ignored livestock as a tool for ending poverty and rarely mentioned it in development circles .
The agriculture sector had languished in neglect as international institutions favoured health and education over soil and animals .
" If Governments , international financial institutions and the world community at large allow agriculture and livestock agriculture to fall between the cracks again , we will have missed an opportunity to assist the most vulnerable groups , " he said .
But , the consequences of climate change and the food crisis on the poor may have changed that , he said .
Agriculture and livestock were now being seen as important for mitigating climate change and lifting people out of poverty .
Decision makers were recognizing that sustainable agriculture could make families net food sellers , instead of net buyers at the mercy of price shocks and shrinking food supplies .
He described several food security projects under way to achieve that .
For example , the East Africa Dairy Development Project ??
a joint partnership of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , Heifer International , TechnoServe and the International Livestock Research Institute ?? was helping 179,000 families , or 1 million people , mostly poor rural farmers in Kenya , Rwanda and Uganda , double their income through improved production and market access of their dairy products .
Through the Project 's investment fund , socially motivated lenders made equity loans to investors to cover 30 per cent of the capital needed to create dairy product chilling plants ; commercial loans financed the other 70 per cent .
The Global Livestock Working Group , a consortium of academics , non-governmental organization representatives , Governments , intergovernmental organizations and the private sector , sought to show policymakers the importance of livestock to the sustainable livelihoods of small farmers and pastoralists .
During a question - and - answer session , Mr. Nabarro answered a query regarding the Comprehensive Framework of Action and whether the Organization had been able to tabulate how much money was needed to address the food challenge .
Mr. Nabarro said that the amount of money needed to realize the Framework was estimated between $ 25 billion and $ 40 billion per year .
Commenting on a question about " land grabs " , he said that there had been a very fruitful discussion on the subject during the General Assembly 's general debate recently .
On an inquiry about the tension between supporting smallholder farmers and the need for substantial , larger - scale agricultural investment to improve food security , he said it was an issue of maximum efficiency , and that one way to encourage that could be through support of cooperatives .
" Our main job now is to show that , with the available resources , we can get good results during the next few years , " he said .
Several representatives asked Mr. Nabarro to elaborate on the role of the High - level Task Force , including during the upcoming food summit in Rome and its expectations for the event .
In response , he said the Secretary - General created the High - level Task Force as a time - limited activity to help other United Nations bodies address food security in a coordinated way .
The goal was to release its first report in November .
The Summit would be important for developing and getting Member States to endorse and implement strategic coordination to tackle food insecurity .
On a question about the state of global partnerships to tackle climate change and its impact on food security , and whether there was a global agreement on a comprehensive approach to food security , he said there was indeed growing recognition that a global agreement was needed on food security .
New partnerships were emerging that simultaneously addressed climate change and food security .
He lauded the pledges made by the European Union and said he hoped they , and similar efforts in other regions , would be properly implemented by individual nations .
Commenting on the role of South - South cooperation in achieving food security , he said it was critical , and many United Nations agencies were seeking to support it .
Taking questions , Ms. Pandya - Lorch reiterated an earlier point and said that there had been successes in the fight against hunger .
It was true that , like in the 1950s , there were still 1 billion people going hungry , but that should be seen in the context of global population growth .
In terms of hunger , " we could have had many more ?? millions and billions of people " , she said .
And food insecurity did n't affect the same people as in the past .
" We talk about Africa a lot , but the largest number of poor and hungry people is in South Asia , " she said , adding that triggers for hunger and poverty were often health - related .
On a question from Canada about investing in research , she said it was very , very important , not just to fund new capacity - building , but also to maintain it .
" Success is not always permanent , " she said .
Mr. Medrano , for his part , asked rhetorically : " What have we learned ? "
He went on to say that the lesson learned is that unless food security and nutritional security was a priority of individual countries and of the international community as a whole , it could not be solved , and that meant that Governments needed to take responsibility .
He added that research played a vital role , as did cooperation , and noted that Latin American countries supported States in Africa , for example , by supporting school nutrition programmes with expertise .
" What can we do now ? " he asked .
" If we really want to reduce hunger [...] and chronic malnutrition , we need to a have a sense of priorities . "
He urged States to focus on children under the age of 2 , mothers and pregnant women .
" These should receive priority attention , " he said .
Mr. Getz said that , after decades of neglect on food security , the world was now making up for lost time .
But , it would not be able to accomplish everything overnight .
The Committee on World Food Security and the upcoming food security summit would play an important role .
So would farmers , in deciding what global and regional structures would guide everyone .
He addressed concerns that water had not figured prominently in food security discussions .
Pastoralist groups were trying to figure out how to manage irregular droughts .
Stakeholders must see the limits of current irrigation systems and work out timely strategies to fix them .
Good water and soil resource management that linked urban and rural areas was imperative , and it must be considered in a holistic way .
Win -win opportunities for agriculture must be explored , and multiplied on a global scale , he said .
Indeed , the private sector had an important role in that context , as did public - private partnerships .
Home - grown procurement strategies for cushioning local demand were very underutilized , as was the traditional role of wholesale markets that served small - , medium - and large - scale producers .
They must be better designed in order to not be so vulnerable , particularly to competition from big supermarkets , in the future .
For information media - not an official record
" The terrorists are trying to demoralise the people and the government , " said senior provincial minister Bashir Bilour at the scene .
" Even if we have to die , we 'll keeping fighting these terrorists till our last breadth . "
Ms. Clinton began a three - day visit to Pakistan this morning , amid extraordinary security measures .
Mrs Clinton is seeking to repair the American image in Pakistan , which was badly damaged by a recent row over a U.S. aid bill .
Many Pakistanis blame the American presence in the region for the instability that has struck Pakistan and Afghanistan .
LONDON  Kraft took its $ 16.7 billion bid for Cadbury , the British chocolate and chewing gum maker , directly to shareholders on Monday after the Cadbury board rejected the offer as too low .
But Kraft did not raise its offer , sticking with its original proposal from September .
Kraft , whose products include Ritz crackers and Oreo cookies , offered £ 3 , or $ 4.90 , in cash and 0.2589 new Kraft shares for every Cadbury share .
The offer values each Cadbury share at £ 7.17 , a 26 percent premium to the price before Kraft made its original proposal .
Cadbury ’s shares initially dropped 1.72 percent in London after Kraft ’s announcement , indicating that investors became less optimistic that a deal would materialize , before increasing slightly .
The shares remained above the offer price , at £ 7.63 a share .
Analysts had expected Kraft to sweeten its original proposal .
But in its filing with the London Stock Exchange , Kraft again asserted that its latest offer was full and fairly priced .
Monday ’s offer , it said , had an enterprise value of 13.9 times Cadbury ’s 2008 earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization .
Cadbury ’s own acquisition of Adams in 2002 was valued at 12.8 times such earnings , Kraft said .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Guaranty
Bank is hardly a household name .
But the Austin , Texas - based thrift 's looming failure is shaping up as a big headache for bank supervisors -- not to mention a black eye for Carl Icahn and others in the smart money set .
Guaranty ( GFG ) could be soon seized by the government in what would be the biggest bank failure in a year that has already had 64 of them .
Last week , the bank warned investors to expect a federal takeover after regulators forced a writedown of its risky mortgage investments and a bid to raise new capital failed .
Guaranty has $ 13.4 billion in assets and operates 160 branches in Texas and California -- two of the three best banking markets in the nation , thanks to their size and population growth .
But the bank 's capital problems and its smallish , scattered network of branches could detract from Guaranty 's appeal , making it tough for regulators to find a buyer quickly -- or without substantial federal subsidies .
" This may not be closed as quickly as you think , since it will require bids and rebids , " said Miami banking consultant Ken Thomas .
That means resolving Guaranty 's failure is likely to be costly to the FDIC 's deposit insurance fund , whose balance is at its lowest point in almost two decades .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. is n't the only one taking its lumps .
So have some big investors .
Shares of the bank 's parent , Guaranty Financial , have dropped 97 % since a group led by billionaire Texas hotel mogul Robert Rowling and Icahn , the renowned New York corporate raider , poured $ 600 million into the company in June 2008 .
Other big Guaranty holders whose stakes stand to be wiped out include hedge fund managers David Einhorn , who was among the most persistent skeptics of Lehman Brothers before its collapse , and Dan Loeb .
" Relatively low franchise value and the fact that two big money investors already got burned on this bank may suggest less interest than with BankUnited , " said Thomas , referring to the Florida thrift that failed in May and was bought by a group of private equity investors .
BankUnited had half as many branches and operated in only one state , but had a strong competitive position in the most lucrative counties -- something Guaranty lacks .
Despite BankUnited 's relative attractiveness , its sale to investors led by vulture investor Wilbur Ross was hardly a walkover for the FDIC .
The deal cost the FDIC insurance fund $ 4.9 billion .
A big tab on Guaranty would be costly to the deposit fund , whose balance was $ 13 billion at the end of the first quarter .
The FDIC has estimated failure costs on cases since then at $ 11.2 billion .
A spokesman for the FDIC stresses that it has already set aside an additional $ 22 billion for failure - related costs in 2009 , and adds that congressional action this spring gave the agency access to $ 500 billion in Treasury credit .
Though Guaranty has been around since 1988 , it came public less than two years ago .
Guaranty was part of the Temple - Inland ( TIN ) cardboard - box conglomerate until Icahn pressured the company to split up at the end of 2007 .
Guaranty shares were then distributed to Temple - Inland holders .
Guaranty 's chief executive at the time , Ken Dubuque , assured investors that despite the gale force winds sweeping the financial world , the bank would be safe .
" We 're keenly aware of the importance of good credit , disciplines and effective risk management , in good times and in difficult times , " he said on the bank 's first earnings conference call in February 2008 .
But Guaranty 's risk management soon was found wanting .
The bank aimed to expand beyond lending to the builders of office buildings , shopping centers and houses to new areas such as small business and corporate energy lending .
Because its thrift charter obliges Guaranty to keep 70 % of its assets in housing - related investments , the bank matched growth in other areas with expanded investments in housing .
That , Dubuque said , is how the bank ended up taking on a giant portfolio of mortgage - backed securities , backed largely by option adjustable - rate mortgages in California and Texas .
" We needed to increase the size of the balance sheet , so that was a relatively risk - free way of doing it , " Dubuque told investors in 2008 .
" We also have liked the returns in that business as well . "
But securities backed by option ARMs are anything but risk - free , as investors have learned .
Among institutions that dealt most heavily in those were Washington Mutual , the Seattle thrift that collapsed in September with $ 307 billion in assets , and Wachovia , which was sold to Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) later in 2008 .
Other big option ARM users included failed California savings banks Downey Financial and PFF .
Losses built at Guaranty over the past year , and Dubuque quit without explanation in November .
In April regulators told Guaranty to raise more capital .
When that effort failed , they told Guaranty to write down the value of the mortgage - backed securities by more than $ 1 billion .
That move , announced this month , left the bank with negative capital of $ 748 million , according to filings .
Despite its many problems , Guaranty is -- for now -- operating as usual .
" We are open for business .
We continue to work with our regulators , " Guaranty said Friday in an emailed statement .
" We are focused on providing the best customer service possible and believe we can avoid any disruptions to our customers . "
Talkback :
Do you think more big banks are likely to fail ?
Share your comments below .
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " What exactly is your Halloween costume supposed to be ? "
Wally says , " I 'm going for a village idiot vibe , with a dash of Quasimodo . "
The Boss says , " Why does it seem so familiar ? "
Dilbert says , " I 'm someone 's management style . "
I could really save on grocery bills , just need to buy multivitamins and the occasional metamucil .
As for taste I can pinch my nose and smother it with ketchup !
Kerik , who pleaded guilty in a state court last year to accepting the work , is also accused of not declaring a total of $ 236,000 in rent he received on an luxury apartment in New York 's posh Upper East Side .
This is going to be my summary of Linear Algebra course from MIT .
I watched the lectures of this course in the summer of last year .
This was not the first time I 'm learning linear algebra .
I already read a couple of books and read a few tutorials a couple of years ago but it was not enough for a curious mind like mine .
The reason I am posting these mathematics lectures on my programming blog is because I believe that if you want to be a great programmer and work on the most exciting and world changing problems , then you have to know linear algebra .
Larry and Sergey would n't have created Google if they did n't know linear algebra .
Take a look at this publication if you do n't believe me " Linear Algebra Behind Google . "
Linear algebra has also tens and hundreds of other computational applications , to name a few , data coding and compression , pattern recognition , machine learning , image processing and computer simulations .
The course contains 35 lectures .
Each lecture is 40 minutes long , but you can speed them up and watch one in 20 mins .
The course is taught by Gilbert Strang .
He 's the world 's leading expert in linear algebra and its applications and has helped the development of Matlab mathematics software .
The course is based on working out a lot of examples , there are almost no theorems or proofs .
The textbook used in this course is Introduction to Linear Algebra by Gilbert Strang .
I 'll write the summary in the same style as I did my summary of MIT Introduction to Algorithms .
I 'll split up the whole course in 30 or so posts , each post will contain one or more lectures together with my comments , my scanned notes , embedded video lectures and a timeline of the topics in the lecture .
But , not to flood my blog with just mathematics , I will write one or two programming posts in between .
You should subscribe to my posts through RSS here .
The whole course is available at MIT 's Open Course Ware : Course 18.06 , Linear Algebra .
I 'll review the first lecture today .
Lecture 1 : The Geometry of Linear Equations
The first lecture starts with Gilbert Strang stating the fundamental problem of linear algebra , which is to solve systems of linear equations .
He proceeds with an example .
The example is a system of two equations in two unknowns :
There are three ways to look at this system .
The first is to look at it a row at a time , the second is to look a column at a time , and the third is use the matrix form .
If we look at this equation a row at a time , we have two independent equations 2 x - y = 0 and -x + 2y = 3 .
These are both line equations .
If we plot them we get the row picture :
The row picture shows the two lines meeting at a single point ( x=1 , y=2 ) .
That 's the solution of the system of equations .
If the lines did n't intersect , there would have been no solution .
Now let 's look at the columns .
The column at the x's is ( 2 , - 1 ) , the column at y's is ( - 1 , 2 ) and the column at right hand side is ( 0 , 3 ) .
We can write it down as following :
This is a linear combination of columns .
What this tells us is that we have to combine the right amount of vector ( 2 , - 1 ) and vector ( - 1 , 2 ) to produce the vector ( 0 , 3 ) .
We can plot the vectors in the column picture :
If we take one green x vector and two blue y vectors ( in gray ) , we get the red vector .
Therefore the solution is again ( x=1 , y=2 ) .
The third way to look at this system entirely through matrices and use the matrix form of the equations .
The matrix form in general is the following :
Ax = b where A is the coefficient matrix , x is the unknown vector and b is the right hand side vector .
How to solve the equations written in matrix form will be discussed in the next lectures .
But I can tell you beforehand that the method is called Gauss elimination with back substitution .
For this two equations , two unknowns system , the matrix equation Ax=b looks like this :
The next example in the lecture is a system of three equations in three unknowns :
We can no longer plot it in two dimensions because there are three unknowns .
This is going to be a 3D plot .
Since the equations are linear in unknowns x , y , z , we are going to get three planes intersecting at a single point ( if there is a solution ) .
Here is the row picture of 3 equations in 3 unknowns :
The red is the 2x - y = 0 plane .
The green is the -x +
2y - z = - 1 plane , and the blue is the - 3y + 4z = 4 plane .
Notice how difficult it is to spot the point of intersection ?
Almost impossible !
And all this of going one dimension higher .
Imagine what happens if we go 4 or higher dimensions .
( The intersection is at ( x=0 , y=0 , z=1 ) and I marked it with a small white dot . )
The column picture is almost as difficult to understand as the row picture .
Here it is for this system of 3 equations in 3 unknowns :
The first column ( 2 , - 1 , 0 ) is red , the second column ( - 1 , 2 , - 3 ) is green , the fourth column ( 0 , - 1 , 4 ) is blue , and the result ( 0 , - 1 , 4 ) is gray .
Again , it 's pretty hard to visualize how to manipulate these vectors to produce the solution vector ( 0 , - 1 , 4 ) .
But we are lucky in this particular example .
Notice that if we take none of red vector , none of green vector and one of blue vector , we get the gray vector !
That is , we did n't even need red and green vectors !
This is all still tricky , and gets much more complicated if we go to more equations with more unknowns .
Therefore we need better methods for solving systems of equations than drawing plane or column pictures .
The lecture ends with several questions :
Can A x = b be solved for any b ?
= be solved for any ?
When do the linear combination of columns fill the whole space ? ,
What 's the method to solve 9 equations with 9 unknowns ?
The examples I analyzed here are also carefully explained in the lecture , you 're welcome to watch it :
Topics covered in lecture one :
[ 00:20 ] Information on textbook and course website .
[ 01:05 ]
Fundamental problem of linear algebra : solve systems of linear equations .
[ 01:15 ]
Nice case : n equations , n unknowns .
[ 02:20 ]
Solving 2 equations with 2 unknowns
[ 02:54 ] Coefficient matrix .
[ 03:35 ]
Matrix form of the equations .
Ax=b .
[ 04:20 ]
Row picture of the equations - lines .
[ 08:05 ] Solution ( x=1 , y=2 ) from the row picture .
[ 08:40 ] Column picture of the equations - 2 dimensional vectors .
[ 09:50 ] Linear combination of columns .
[ 12:00 ] Solution from the column picture x=1 , y=2 .
[ 12:05 ]
Plotting the columns to produce the solution vector .
[ 15:40 ] Solving 3 equations with 3 unknowns
[ 16:46 ]
Matrix form for this 3x3 equation .
[ 17:30 ]
Row picture - planes .
[ 22:00 ] Column picture - 3 dim vectors .
[ 24:00 ] Solution ( x=0 , y=0 , z=1 ) from the column picture by noticing that z vector is equal to b vector .
[ 28:10 ] Can Ax=b be solved for every b?
[ 28:50 ]
Do the linear combinations of columns fill the 3d space ?
[ 32:30 ]
What if there are 9 equations and 9 unknowns ?
[ 36:00 ]
How to multiply a matrix by a vector ?
Two ways .
[ 36:40 ]
Ax is a linear combination of columns of A .
Here are my notes of lecture one .
Sorry about the handwriting .
It seems that I had n't written much at that time and the handwriting had gotten really bad .
But it gets better with each new lecture .
At lecture 5 and 6 it will be as good as it gets .
Notes of Linear Algebra lecture 1 on The Geometry of Linear Equations .
The next post is going to be about a systematic way to find a solution to a system of equations called elimination .
The thought of getting fit may seem to be a very difficult task specially if you have a malfunctioning appliance to take care with your daily food in take , try searching for Richardson appliance repair service to seek for help .
There are a number of tips you need to consider when attempting to get fit .
These tips include ;
1. Developing The Right Mindset
Everything usually begins with the mind therefore your mindset plays a great role when trying to get fit .
Being fit is not something that you can achieve in a short period of time it requires making drastic changes to your lifestyle and stickinga to the changes .
Being fit means you begin incorporating things that will end up forming part of your habit .
In addition to this you should also consider keeping track of your progress and be proud of minor improvements , you should also not let minor setbacks bring you down .
Another tip you can adopt in helping you develop the right mindset is getting a fitness partner who will help you accomplish your goals .
2. Incorporate More Physical Exercise
Getting fit mainly entails losing some extra pounds , in order to achieve this you need to incorporate physical exercise into your routine .
A proper and effective fitness program entails a warm up exercise , aerobic workout , strength building exercises and flexibility exercise .
Cardio workouts also help with blood circulation and endurance .
In addition to physical exercises you can also consider playing sports with other people .
This will motivate you since your team mates will keep you going by pushing you to do better unlike working out alone from home .
3. Check On Your Diet
This is a very essential tip when it comes to fitness .
You really need to check on what you are eating and drinking .
For instance you can switch to whole gain which is much more nutritious and delicious .
You should also avoid unhealthy snacks and take fruits and vegetables instead .
You should also consider taking a lot of water , water ensures that you stay hydrated and also promotes metabolic activity .
This therefore means that you should consider replacing sugary drinks with water .
4. Get Enough Rest
You should ensure that you get enough rest because your body is involved in numerous physical activities .
You should make sure that you sleep for at least 6 hours to 8 hours a day .
Having insufficient sleep may weaken your immune system hence increasing the likelihood of getting sick .
Resting will help you recover the energy lost during physical exercise and feel rejuvenated .
Twitter 上で、@alohakun が言及していた GDB の reverse debugging の機能を使ってみました 。
まずは簡単な使い方を説明したあとに、インストール方法を説明します。
こんなときに便 利 「 変なこと」が起きている大体の場所がわかっているとき
デバッグ中に、大体どこで変なことが起きているかはわかっているけど、細かい場所は特定できていないとき、reverse debuggingが効果を発揮します。
GDB でステップ実行をしていて、「しまった!行きすぎた!」という経験はよくあると思います。こういうとき、今まではプログラムの実行を最初からやり直してあげる必要があったのですが、reverse debugging では、next に対応する reverse - next や、stepに対応する reverse - step で前のステップや、前の行に戻って実行を繰り返すことができます。
Segmentation Faultで落ちた原因を調べる Segmentation fault でプログラムが落ちたとき、これまでのgdbではプログラムが落ちた時点での変数の値しか調べることができませんでした。Reverse debugging で は、segmentation faultで落ちた時点から、プログラムの実行を遡って変数の値の変遷を調べることができます。
COMPARTMENTALIZATION
is a method of information control designed to create groups of people in varying degrees of intellectually challenged states .
It is a mind control system which allows a set of bosses [ who designed the system and so are allowed to know everything ] to control the remainder of the population by allowing them to know only what they " need to know " to do their respective slave jobs to serve the ruling bosses .
HISTORY
There were similar systems of control long before modern government sponsored compartmentalization came into existence .
Adam Weishaupt , founder of the Illuminati , designed a system of levels [ with himself as the boss , of course ] and is quoted as giving out instructions to his " higher " followers for recruitment of " lower " followers as follows :
" These good folk swell our numbers and fill our money - box .
Set yourselves to work ; these gentlemen must be made to nibble at the bait ... but this sort of people must always be made to believe that the grade they have reached is the last . "
This basic model is common to modern government sponsored compartmentalization systems as well as those used by various religions , cults , and secret societies .
All of these groups obtain their energy - usually in the form of money - from the lower levels of the group who are generally good and well meaning people who have no idea what the leadership is doing with their money but assume it must be something good .
Churches and cults scare money out of their followers with threats about punishment in the " afterlife " .
Governments , of course , just order people to pay taxes and deal with them by force if they refuse .
However , in all cases , money is extracted from the lower levels and sent to the higher levels so that the people in the higher levels can have every luxury they want at the expense of the lower levels .
In the US System , ordinary people have no idea that everything they do is , directly or indirectly , for the benefit of the group we call " gods " .
They do not know that this group exists .
Huxley 's classic book " Brave New World " describes a system of population control where most people are chemically damaged to make them suitable for some level of slavery .
The master class consists of people who are not damaged , i.e. , people who are allowed to develop unique personalities and have independent thought .
They are equivalent to the " gods " in the " New World Order " model .
The people in our model who are " below the gods " do not have to be grown in test tubes and damaged with chemicals as they are in Huxley 's novel to be functional slaves - they simply have to be given an inferior education .
This works just as well .
We even publicly recognize this when we use terms such as " blue collar " and " white collar " to separate classes or " casts " of people based upon level of education .
EXPLAINING THE COMPARTMENTALIZATION
MODEL
THE MAJOR LEVELS
The major levels of the system are ( 1 ) The gods , ( 2 ) The Top Secret Group and ( 3 ) The Compartment Group .
Basically , the Compartment Group " houses " the general population who do the general jobs needed to maintain social infrastructure .
The Top Secret Group consists of " executive level slaves " who control the Compartment Group .
Most people in the Compartment Group do not know that the Top Secret Group exists .
At the top we have the group of " gods " .
They live free of all controls and are allowed to know all available knowledge and are provided with every conceivable luxury .
Their existence is generally unknown to the two lower groups .
THE COMPARTMENT GROUP
The compartment group is symbolized by the cross hatch pattern to represent the " intellectual boxes " in which these people live .
They probably do not realize that they live in an " information cage " from which they cannot escape .
As stated by
Adam Weishaupt , they are conditioned to believe that " the grade they have reached is the last " .
They are happy because they do not know anything better exists .
Most people in the Compartment Group are so stupid that there is no reason for the government to pay any attention to them .
Therefore , they are not even looked at and form the " not evaluated " level .
Above them is the level of people who may have some capacity for independent thought who must be " checked out " .
If hired to do something related to government they are coded " black " for " no security clearance " but they have been checked out to make sure they are no threat .
The two levels above this are Confidential and Secret .
The color code used on government ID badges is blue for confidential and red for Secret clearance .
Confidential and Secret clearances involve information which is " temporary " .
For example , the combination to a safe may be a secret but it is not permanent - if you leave your job the combination can be changed and you will no longer know it .
Therefore , as a function of time you are gradually " relieved " of your secrecy oath simply because the secrets you once knew no longer exist .
Certain secret codes also change periodically and so you are only bound by your secrecy oath while the codes you know are current .
THE TOP SECRET GROUP
The fundamental difference between the compartment group and the top secret group is the permanence of the information .
Top Secrets are generally information which the government never intends that the general population will ever know .
Consequently , Top Secret clearances require an oath that the person will " never leave the service of the government " and will be bound by his oath of secrecy for life .
Examples of knowledge and events that you would never be allowed to talk freely about would be contact with aliens , time travel , information about other planets [ detailed information like you would have if you were actually there ] , the underground cities and installations , and anything about the " gods " .
Even though people in the top secret group must take the most serious oath of secrecy , they do not necessarily know all that much .
There are 15 levels of Top Secret and , following the Weishaupt model , people in the Top Secret group are conditioned to believe that whatever level they are [ TS1 - TS15 ] is the highest level there is .
For example , if you interview a person with a security clearance and ask , " Do you have a security clearance ? " they are trained to say " Yes " .
But , when you ask " What level ? " , they are trained to answer " The Best " .
This is because they believe that whatever they have is " the best " .
So , now you have to guess the level .
So , you may say , " Is it Q ? " .
If you guess the correct level they are supposed to confirm it .
This is the little game you play when making a new contact .
In the Top Secret Group there are mainly intelligence people like G2 , MI6 and the like and others whose job - like scientists - is not in intelligence work .
Intelligence uses a green stripe on their ID badges and Q uses a yellow stripe .
Code Word Clearances
In addition to the main 15 levels , there are special clearances called " Code Word Clearances " .
These clearances create special working groups in unique areas whose members share a set of " code words " to communicate information to each other .
People in different " code word groups " would have a different set of words common to that group which would not be recognized by other groups .
By example , a friend of mine knew a famous doctor .
He had won awards and international recognition for his research on the eye using dogs for destructive testing .
My friend saw him at a party and , it so happened , she had a sick dog with some kind of eye trouble .
She approached the man and asked his advice since he was so famous for his dog research .
She was speechless when he replied , " Dogs ? - I do n't know anything about dogs .
We do n't use dogs .
We use niggers .
Niggers are better than dogs . "
DOGS was a code word for black people .
In this way the doctor was able to " operate in plain sight " and even receive public awards for his research .
Of course , people with code word clearance knew what " dogs " really meant and what was really going on but the general public was clue less .
This is how code word clearance works in everyday life .
THE GODS
The gods are the main subject of this book and we will get into much greater detail about them later .
At the present , we want to go over some misconceptions you may have when you look at the schematic model for compartmentalization .
Although there is a progression from the bottom to the top where we label " gods " , this system is not a " social ladder " that you can climb if you have persistence .
This is a control system .
It is designed to keep you where you are .
It is not designed to encourage you to progress and reward you with higher status for your good efforts .
The gods are not people who were once ordinary people .
Most of them are from ruling bloodlines who , in the past , considered themselves to have " the divine right of kings " by virtue of birth into certain families .
They have always contemplated making the Earth into a global dictatorship .
When they learned of the " seed knowledge " they set about creating a scheme to violate the agreements and use the knowledge for their personal benefit and for world domination in violation of the Universal Laws .
Although there are exceptions , in general you cannot buy your way into this group with money or anything else .
Membership is a birth right .
You must be born into a family of gods to become a god .
Nothing else matters .
The gods are equal among themselves .
They are above " security clearances " and knowledge control and are allowed to know all that is currently available to know .
They live " above the game " which they created and are the " game masters " watching the general population fumble around in the maze [ or matrix ] they created for their personal needs and enjoyment .
" Comfortable Clothes " is the general code word for these people .
When you " agree to put on the comfortable clothes " you leave the general population of the Earth forever and enter the special world of the gods .
There is no return from this .
BELIEF SYSTEMS
INTRODUCTION
BELIEF SYSTEMS are sort of fairy tales that are used as a substitute for reality when ( 1 ) reality is not known or ( 2 ) reality is preferred not to be known .
Although a belief system may be a logical construct , it is not necessarily true .
Truth has no relationship to logic .
Logical constructs can be designed to prove anything .
The classic example is the science which " proves " that a bumble bee cannot possibly fly .
Clearly , the bumble bee lives in a different belief system because it seems to have no trouble at all flying around .
Essentially all the population of Earth lives under one or more of many belief systems .
THE CATHOLIC BELIEF SYSTEM
The Catholic belief system is a good religious example because there is documentation available on them and their exploits have recently become popular with the press and the US court system .
Let 's take a look at this belief system .
The Sex Sub - System
We may as well begin with the sex sub-system since that is what Catholic Priests have become known for in recent history .
To understand the sex sub-system , first realize that the Catholic Church is simply a continuation of the Roman Empire .
When it was realized that the Roman Empire could not take over the world by military power , it converted itself into the Catholic Church and set about taking over the world by scaring people into obeying it with its special take on religious truth .
This approach has been quite successful although the church must share power with other religions using similar methods .
Now , in the Roman Empire , there was a belief system concerning men and women .
In this belief system , women were considered a secondary creation and therefore inferior to men .
Consequently , it was considered wrong to have sex with a woman for fun because she was an inferior being like a dog or a goat or whatever .
Therefore , when a man wanted sex for fun he should choose his equal for his partner , i.e. , another man .
And , just like men today prefer young women , the Roman men preferred young boys for sex partners .
This was considered the correct way to do things at that time .
Sex with the inferior women was considered occasionally necessary so she could make more people to keep society going .
Women generally stayed pregnant from about 12 years old until they died or lived long enough to reach menopause ( rare ) .
Today , there is a legal problem with this belief system because our society considers raping young boys to be a crime .
However , the Catholic Priesthood does not live under the rules of the modern world .
They live under the rules of the Roman Empire .
And , their activities are protected by church secrecy .
Their very way of life depends on following their ancient beliefs and rituals and to change would spell and end to their collective identity as priests .
Therefore , no matter how much trouble they get into for raping children , they are going to continue to find a way to do it .
They will just get better at keeping it a secret form outsiders .
In the past , they were protected by an " aura of goodness " which presumed that a priest could do no wrong .
Since that is shattered now , more direct methods will need to be employed so that they can continue " business as usual " .
Incidentally , many " primitive " cultures operating in the world today still use the belief system about women being a secondary creation and therefore inferior to men .
It is really only in the United States that the women 's liberation idea has taken hold .
Blind Faith Sub - System
Until relatively recently in Catholic history , sermons were given in Latin .
This is really weird .
The " bell rings " and you report to church to hear some priest talk for an hour or so in a language you can't understand and then you turn over 10 % of your money to him as payment for his " service " .
What did you learn to enhance your spiritual advancement by listening to Latin for one hour ?
Why is this worth 10 % of your money .
Well , you do not consider these questions because this is a belief system and a belief system is based on raw belief and nothing else .
You are not supposed to question your belief .
Recent Pope History
The Catholic Church elects a " god " periodically which it calls the Pope .
The last Pope was John Paul II .
When John Paul was a young man , he worked for a chemical company .
He was the salesman who sold the cyanide to Hitler for the gas chambers .
[ For documentation please see " Behold A Pale Horse " by William Cooper ] .
Now we step ahead to Pope Benedict .
He is not just someone who helped the Nazis - he is a for real Nazi .
He joined the Hitler Youth at age 14 or so as reported by the national news .
Of course , both of these " good men " were duly elected as " gods " and now they want to hurry up and make John Paul a " saint " .
Buy what stretch of the imagination do we conclude that there is anything remotely spiritual or " godly " about a guy who sold Hitler his poison gas chemicals or his Nazi successor form the Hitler Youth group .
It is said that Benedict is " strong defender of the faith " .
I guess he is .
He 's a Nazi .
Remember , " master race " , " rightful rulers of the world " , etc. Come on !
Catholic Level of Spirituality
We are going to talk a bit about Spirituality - legitimate Spirituality - because it is very real and important to all souls .
Just because most churches are run buy assorted quacks , nuts and weirdoes does not mean that the for real GOD does not exist or that we should not seek Spiritual Enlightenment .
It is important to seek Spirituality .
It is your duty as a Human Being to do this .
Animals do not have this inclination or ability but you do and to make best use of it is the true purpose of human existence .
Having cleared that up , let 's look and see what - if any - Spiritual goodies the Catholic Church has to offer .
The above diagram is the Catholic schematic model for its " path to heaven " .
The vertical line represents the path and the semicircle to the right at the top represents the end of the path .
The " X " is a symbol used for a gate .
Since there is only one gate in the model , this is a path to some location on the right ( good ) side of the Astral Plane .
So , this is a psychic path .
It is not Spiritual .
To reach the Spiritual realm you need to go thru at least two more gates - to the Causal and then to the Mental - Etheric Plane .
After that you must cross a barrier ( which usually requires a competent guide ) to get into the Spiritual zone .
So , there is nothing great about this path .
Once you die yougo to some Astral plane because there is no other place you can go to [ unless you are Spiritually advanced and can get above the Astral Plane somewhere ] .
Even dead people who are earthbound running around graveyards or haunting houses are technically on the first Astral sub plane .
So getting to " somewhere " on the Astral Plane is automatic for most people even if the have no type of religious training at all .
The Astral Plane contains about 100 sub planes and these sub planes also have sub planes .
These are sometimes called " groves " .
When you spend your life in some belief system which conditions you to believe that " heaven is like this " the force of the group imagination creates such a place somewhere on the Astral Plane .
When you die you go there and your desires are fulfilled .
All garden variety religions have such a place on the Astral Plane .
The concept of " groves " or compartments means that they never meet each other .
Baptists would gather and believe that " they made it to heaven " but the " other religions " must have been false and those people must be burning in hell because they are not there with them .
But the other groups are there , in their own little " grove " and they feel the same way - that they " made it " and the others did not .
Since you can instantly create your desires with imagination on this plane , most souls are convinced that they are happily in heaven forever .
Eventually , the time comes when their " heavenly buddies " can't find them .
This is because they have reincarnated and must now " do it all again " and hopefully make a more realistic choice in how to find true Spirituality .
Those who achieve this do not have to return to the physical creation .
So , basically , you would probably be much better off if you just led a decent life and never heard of the Catholic belief system because you would not be conflicted with all of their out of date teachings not to mention the trauma of possibly being raped as a kid .
You would most likely reach a higher level after death without their " help " .
CULTS AND PSYCHIATRIC GROUPS
Cults are " custom made " belief systems that are generally designed to indoctrinate followers with some seemingly logical construct which makes them want to stay with the cult and obey and follow the leader .
A certain level of skill is required to be a successful cult leader because you cannot force people to stay with you - you must somehow convince them that they need you or scare them somehow into not leaving you .
Of course , you will want money and services from the followers .
Psychiatric groups are generally sponsored by governments .
Therefore , they do not need to con people into following them .
They have the authority to force people to obey them and to brainwash them into obedience with mind control drugs .
Although the general psychiatric language remains the same throughout the world , how it is interpreted does not .
For example , a young girl in Saudi would be considered abnormal if she wanted a barbie doll but a young girl in America would be considered abnormal if she did not want a barbie doll .
The old Soviet Union loved psychiatry because it could call anyone who did not " love the party " abnormal and then torture them until they changed their mind as " treatment " for their " illness " .
One main hallmark of cults is some scheme to control sex .
If you can control someone 's sex desire you can control that person .
Therefore , it will be found that cults have worked up some belief system saying that followers should give up sex .
Psychiatrists simply use drugs to make people under their control incapable of having or enjoying sex .
An interesting recent development in the United States is the attempt to use this classic cult technique on the general population by threatening them with death if they have sex .
Now that the US Government has successfully spread the AIDS virus that it developed and manufactured at Fort Detrick , MD. around the world , it can argue that " if you sleep around you will surely die " and so you " should be celibate if you want to live " .
This argument is straight out of " how to make a cult 101 " .
Of course , all the " important people " have been vaccinated with the antidote to AIDS so they are free to have all the sex they want with no worry .
Visions of the " Junior Anti-Sex League " from 1984 .
You can't have them but the " inner party " members can .
BELIEF SYSTEMS BASED ON GENETICS
Genetic based belief systems argue that a certain group with a common genetic trait is " special " and apart from " ordinary people " who do not share this specific genetic sub code .
Let 's look at some examples :
Hitler 's System
Hitler 's system argued that blue eyed blondes were the " master race " and should rightfully rule the world .
Although , mainly due to the concept of political correctness since the US champions integration and race equality , people look down on Hitler 's argument that blue eyed blondes were somehow superior , it should be noted that the United States used the same genetic selection system when it was fighting Hitler .
If you go back and find some color pictures of men in the US Navy during the late 1940's to early 1950's you will find that they are ALL blue eyed blondes .
And , they are not just blue eyed but are the special " azure blue " which sort of shines as if it was lit up .
There are no exceptions .
People do not seen to realize that the different US armed forces were populated with specific genetic types before the services were ordered integrated .
The Air Force also liked the Hitler model SS genetics [ incidentally , the " SS " is a schematic symbol for the double helix of the DNA molecule ] .
The Army was for the " lower genetic classes " which means brown eyes and not necessarily white skin .
The Jewish System
When the bodies we use on this planet were being manufactured , the different races were created for different specialties .
The Jewish race was programmed with a predisposition for administrative jobs like accounting , working with money and so on .
Somehow , as time passed , this became interpreted to mean that " god " [ by which is apparently meant the genetic engineers from the Orion Empire who wrote the codes and made original people ] " gave the world to them " .
Hitler knew about this special sub code and , since he had decided that his chosen genetic type should rightfully rule the world , obviously he wanted to make the competition extinct .
It is because of this belief system that Jews are taught to bread within their race and so preserve the special sub code .
It is also why they do not actively seek to convert people to their religion .
You cannot " make someone a Jew " because they must be born with this sub code in order to be really a Jew .
Sub codes in the ruling bloodlines of the world
The ruling families or ruling bloodlines of the world also seek to inbreed to preserve special genetic sub codes which they feel make them special or give them special powers that others do not have .
It is essentially impossible to rise beyond a point in the power structure of the world without coming from one of these special ruling bloodlines .
You could call it a sort of " genetic glass ceiling " .
The ruling bloodlines are above it and the rest of humanity is below it and there is no inclination to change things .
By example , in the recent election for US President , George Bush and John Kerry were cousins .
They were from the same bloodline .
It did not matter who you voted for - either way that bloodline would rule .
It is very doubtful that Bush and Kerry do not know they are cousins .
They are probably fast friends and meet at " family reunions " .
If US news people were watching some other country where the only two people running for leader were some guy and his cousin , you can bet they would be crying about how this was not legitimate and fair and so on .
But , the press know to behave themselves when talking about this country and so you never heard a peep about this fact and you probably did not know it until just now !
Effect of Genetic Engineering on the Sub Code Concept
In the past , the only way to duplicate a genetic trait was to mate in the usual way with an appropriate person .
However , with nanotechnology , scientists can sit down and hand assemble a molecule - which means that they can hand assemble a DNA molecule and write any code into it that they want .
So , this sort of " cheapens " the concept that you are somehow of great value because you are from some special bloodline since the codes that are supposed to make you so special can now be made in the lab .
Also , by tinkering , you might manufacture a new person with some revolutionary special power or special predisposition .
The alien genetic engineers had no trouble doing that tens of thousands of years ago and we now have or will soon have the equivalent abilities .
So , this puts a whole new slant on the " superior by reason of genetics " concept .
THE US MONETARY SYSTEM
Not very long ago , US money was " real ' because it was backed up by gold .
Now , US currency is called " fiat " which means " faith based imaginary currency " .
It has value only because people believe it has value .
It is purely and simply a belief system that gives value to the various pieces of paper that the government prints .
As long as everyone accepts the money belief system , it works just as well as the real system based on a real substance [ gold ] as opposed to imagination .
However , should it occur to people to ask " where 's the beef " , they would find themselves with hands full of worthless paper because there is no " beef " .
Obviously , faith is harder to maintain than hard reality .
Someone would be hard pressed to accept the argument that a block of gold was worthless crap .
However , should someone argue that US currency is worthless crap it would be hard to logically argue against them since it is imaginary and has nothing backing it but blind faith .
In order to stabilize this belief system , it is important that people are conditioned to " just not ask " but " accept on faith " that " everything is fine " .
Consequently , anyone who tried to " undermine the faith " would be a threat to the nation and would have to be quickly dealt with to " preserve the faith " .
The plan to convert from real currency to imaginary currency appears to be inherently sinister as supported by the following quote :
Edward Mandell House had this to say in a private meeting with Woodrow Wilson ( President ) [ 1913-1921 ]
 [ Very ] soon , every American will be required to register their biological property in a National system designed to keep track of the people and that will operate under the ancient system of pledging .
By such methodology , we can compel people to submit to our agenda , which will affect our security as a chargeback for our fiat paper currency .
Every American will be forced to register or suffer not being able to work and earn a living .
They will be our chattel , and we will hold the security interest over them forever , by operation of the law merchant under the scheme of secured transactions .
Americans , by unknowingly or unwittingly delivering the bills of lading to us will be rendered bankrupt and insolvent , forever to remain economic slaves through taxation , secured by their pledges .
They will be stripped of their rights and given a commercial value designed to make us a profit and they will be non the wiser , for not one man in a million could ever figure our plans and , if by accident one or two would figure it out , we have in our arsenal plausible deniability .
After all , this is the only logical way to fund government , by floating liens and debt to the registrants in the form of benefits and privileges .
This will inevitably reap to us huge profits beyond our wildest expectations and leave every American a contributor or to this fraud which we will call  Social Insurance . 
Without realizing it , every American will insure us for any loss we may incur and in this manner ; every American will unknowingly be our servant , however begrudgingly .
The people will become helpless and without any hope for their redemption and , we will employ the high office of the President of our dummy corporation to foment this plot against America . 
MAINTENANCE OF BELIEF SYSTEMS
Once you have established a belief system , you must maintain it .
There must be some method to constantly reinforce the belief or it will gradually weaken and fade away .
There are various ways to do this .
Also , there are static and dynamic belief systems .
Static systems , such as many church systems , cling ot a set of beliefs from long ago no matter how much the real world changes .
Because of this , sometimes they die out of attrition .
But , some seem to hang on .
Dynamic belief systems , such as the US consciousness belief system , are always changing .
Today 's belief is not the same as a past time belief .
It is sort of like the " 1984 " model where you are at war with one country and love the other one day and the reverse is true the next day .
Incidentally , if you have not read this classic novel by George Orwell , you really should .
Using the US belief system as an example , some principles completely reverse .
By example , in the 1950's , the only people allowed to have knowledge of the female reproductive system were doctors .
They were forbidden to tell women anything about how their body worked .
Vice squad agents would send pregnant undercover officers to doctors and they would beg to be told how to avoid becoming pregnant again .
If the doctor said anything , he was busted .
Today , we have the reverse .
Grade school kids get sex-ed .
The schools pass out condoms .
There is an abortion clinic on almost every corner and 25 % of pregnant girls kill their babies .
In the US , the belief system is maintained by the daily mass media news .
Every day , there are five or six news stories that are used by everyone .
You may find it strange that thousands of " independent " TV and Radio stations and print media companies just happen to report the same set of stories every day .
Anyway , this " information fix " keeps you locked into the US belief system for another day - until your next " news fix " .
It has been suggested that , if something somehow went wrong with the mass media so that it stopped operating , the US government would quickly loose control of the people and possibly would not be able to regain control .
If mass media stopped , people would have to resort to independent thought to decide what to believe and what to do .
Once they learned how to do this again , it could be difficult to " recapture " them .
BELIEF SYSTEMS AND COMPARTMENTALIZATION
Belief systems go hand in hand with compartmentalization .
Belief systems create a compartment and compartments created by compartmentalization develop internal belief systems .
Belief systems cause followers to voluntarily limit their life activities .
Church systems teach followers that they are " chosen " and the rest of the world is not so people limit their relationships to members of that specific system so as not to get " tainted by the non believers " .
They may also have weird dietary and other obsessive compulsive habits that they feel they must have to be " saved " .
Government SCI groups [ sensitive compartmentalized intelligence ] may drift so far away from " normal reality " that the only people they can relate to are their coworkers .
Remote viewers , for example , would have trouble relating to everyday people and getting them to understand the things they know assuming they were allowed to talk about them [ which they are not ] .
Therefore , their only friends would be fellow members of their " belief system " .
Hopefully , the government trains some girls to be remote viewers so the guy viewers would have a chance to have some type of normal home life .
Otherwise , their uninitiated mate would eventually leave them .
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
ADOLF HITLER - THE FATHER OF HUMAN DESTRUCTIVE TESTING
Destructive testing is the process of obtaining information about something in which the " something " does not survive the test but the needed information is obtained .
For example , if you want to know how much weight a concrete beam will support , you keep putting weight on it until it breaks .
This ruins the concrete beam but it gives you the information which you can now use to assign specifications to equivalent concrete beams which are not broken so that they will not break in use .
Human destructive testing means doing experiments on people which will kill the people but will give you information you are seeking about humans which you can then use to help [ or maybe hurt ] other humans which you predict will respond in a similar manner .
You justify the killing of a few to advance medicine for the many .
It used to be unthinkable to do such a thing .
Researchers were supposed to use lab rats and the like to get information .
All this changed when Hitler started herding people into his camps .
Since he was going to kill them anyway , the thought occurred to the German pharmaceutical companies to use these people as test animals instead of the usual lab rats .
One drug developed using human destructive testing was a prescription face cream mainly used by women .
It contains an acid and is used to create a smoother complexion by basically " eating away " a layer of skin .
It is still used today .
In the research , the drug company wanted to know how much acid to use in the formula .
So , they made up batches with different concentrations and took them to one of Hitler 's camps .
Then , they brought in the first set of test girls - oops - too much acid - face came off - throw them in the furnace and bring in the next set of girls .
This went on until the right mix was obtained by trial and error .
Many women use this cream today and it is very doubtful that they know how the formula was perfected .
Apparently , many other drugs and medical procedures were perfected using destructive testing on the people in the camps .
You wo n't see people on TV praising Hitler for his accomplishments in medicine , but it is a different story in private .
I have been to private gatherings where doctors have nothing but praise for Hitler for being the first to dare to use humans in experiments and how he advanced science with his experiments .
They absolutely love the man .
And , after he " showed the way " to the fast track for the accumulation of medical knowledge , others got the word quickly .
Obviously , it is a crime to pick up people off the street and kill them to get medical knowledge .
But , there are ways around this .
For one thing , essentially everything governments do is a state secret so if they want to kill people no one is going to find out .
One case where this happened was the search for a " vaccine " against radiation .
The elite wanted to make sure they would survive in case of a nuclear war .
They developed the vaccine ( which is secret and only available to the elite ruling class ) , but at the cost of killing over 100,000 US citizens in secret experiments .
The government has admitted to some radiation experiments but has never discussed the vaccine project .
Perhaps the largest human destructive testing project was done in Vietnam during the " war " .
Actually , it was not a standard war because the US controlled both sides .
It was more of a " war project " to take advantage of the fact that you can get away with stuff during a war that you cannot get away with under normal conditions .
In Vietnam , anyone who had a medical research project they wanted to do simply built a facility - grabbed as many Vietnamese people as they needed for the experiments - and went to work .
When the project was over , the research team packed up all their notes and data and left .
The " test people " were left locked in their cages and then an air strike was called in to destroy all the evidence .
Many such projects were done which is why people in power wanted to keep the " war " going as long as possible .
It was during this period that human physical death was eliminated .
Beyond the 1960 's time frame no " important " person has died .
OVERCOMING PHYSICAL DEATH
CLONING
HISTORY
Cloning was discovered on a college campus in the time frame of the 1960's .
It was so simple to do that kids were doing it at home .
Immediately , there was talk about how this was somehow " not right " and should be stopped .
But , news travels fast between college campuses and soon everyone knew about cloning .
By the time government scientists realized the potential of what had been discovered , it was too late to recall the information and the concept of cloning became public knowledge .
If cloning had been discovered today , you would never know about it .
This is because there is a system in place to monitor college campuses just in case someone makes a significant discovery such as cloning .
Today , all persons involved would be immediately seized by government agents and all the research records would be confiscated .
The people involved would be ordered to sign non disclosure agreements .
Anyone refusing would be killed .
EARLY RESEARCH
As soon as government scientists heard about cloning , the first words out of their mouths were , " We 're going to make people " .
They knew the power and potential of what they had and they hoped that the general public would never figure it out .
Early tests were , of course , done with animals .
One such test was with a dog .
It so happened that this ( dead ) dog had been a show dog and knew all kinds of tricks which it performed on command .
When the clone was made , the scientists found , to their surprise , that the clone dog responded to the dead dog's name and all of the commands to do tricks that the dead dog knew .
It was at this point that all government cloning projects went " black " .
The secret of cloning had been discovered : a clone is not just something that looks like the original - it is the original complete with memories .
This is the secret the government hopes you never learn .
This is why the government wants a worldwide ban on cloning - so that ordinary people will never discover this truth and the process can be used for the elite as one of the methods to allow them to live physically forever .
The next step was to make people .
The government guessed - and it proved true - that they could now " bring back to life " anyone who had died if they could find a DNA sample for that person .
They " brought back " people like Einstein , Tesla , Edison and the like .
They also brought back people they secretly admired like Adolph Hitler .
WHY CLONING TO RESTORE LIFE WORKS
We need to get into some esoteric stuff at this point .
Life continues beyond death .
When someone loses access to their physical body , they find themselves in their Astral or " light " body .
Most people in atheist , materialist countries such as the United States assume that nothing exists beyond physical death .
When they die , they find themselves " earthbound " and real confused because they can see people and hear people but those people can't see or hear them .
They do not know they are dead .
They continue to have a natural affinity for the specific vibratory pattern of the last physical body they had .
Unfortunately , it cannot be reanimated because all the blood has been drained out and replaced with poison to make sure it can't reanimate .
Before embalming , some people would come back to life only to find themselves locked in a box and buried .
Since they could not get out , they eventually died " for real " .
Anyway , there is a natural affinity to locate this particular genetic structure .
So , if you are psychic and go wandering around a graveyard , you will find Astral forms who do n't know they are dead hanging around where their body is buried trying to figure out why it does not work any more .
Since you can communicate with them , you will probably explain to them that they are dead and that they need to move on ( up ) to where other beings like themselves live .
Let us suppose , however , that a perfectly well genetic structure exists ( clone ) which has the exact vibratory signature as the spirit's old body did except that this one works .
Well , the same natural affinity that led the spirit to the graveyard would now lead it to the clone and the clone is in perfect health and can be reanimated .
This is how you get people " back from the dead " .
ASSISTING TECHNOLOGY
There has been assisting technology developed based on other secret discoveries in temporal science .
Obviously , a clone begins as a single cell and it takes some time before it is a recognizable and viable structure .
But , because of time acceleration technology , a " grown up " clone can be whipped up rather quickly .
This is most likely begun using an " artificial womb " .
The government already has a law prohibiting any ordinary person from attempting to build an artificial womb to make sure they do not catch on to this secret .
PEOPLE WHO CANNOT BE " BROUGHT BACK "
Cloning is only effective for spiritually immature entities who are earthbound due to desire .
A spiritually mature person , upon physical death , would quickly leave this dimension of existence and could not be forced to come back by cloning or any other method .
However , this is not a problem because the type of person the government wants to bring back is filled with earthly desires for money , power and the like and also is likely to be intrinsically evil .
Such people cannot and also do not want to leave the earth and so it is no problem to " bring them back " .
The government has no use for legitimately good and spiritually developed people and considers them " a threat to its security " .
SUMMARY
Cloning is one of the most revolutionary discoveries of modern times .
How many people the government is willing to kill and how long it can keep it up to prevent this knowledge from becoming public remains to be seen .
It only takes one successful clone case to be made public to shatter the secrecy and make the knowledge and technology available to everyone .
And , the world is still a big place .
CONTROLLED REINCARNATION
Controlled reincarnation devices take advantage of the fact that astral entities cannot escape from a charged faraday cage .
Basically , this any space enclosed by a metal screen which is charged with electricity [ high voltage ] with respect to earth ground .
You can make such a space any size you want as long as you have the material to build it and an uninterruptable supply of power to keep the cage charged .
Obviously , governments have plenty of both .
You have now created a sort of " sub space " of the universe .
If you know what is inside this controlled space , you can cause nature to obey your will .
For the purpose of controlled reincarnation , if someone dies inside this special space and someone else gets pregnant inside this space at roughly the same time , nature will reincarnate the dead person into the new fetus because that is its only option .
This technique has some problems because of the lag time of waiting for the new child to grow old enough to be told what happened and then trying to get the child to recall its past life .
BODY SWAPPING
Body swapping uses adult bodies and special equipment to strip the spirit out of one body and put it in the other and do the reverse at the same time .
The advantage of this method is that you immediately get a useable body that is " ready to go " .
Controlled reincarnation sort of " cooperates with nature " and is not a Universal Law violation , however , stealing someone else 's body is a violation .
Clearly , governments really could not care less .
BLANKS
Blanks is the concept of creating a stockpile of useable human bodies which are " alive " but which do not have souls .
This is tricky because , normally , if you remove a soul from a living body , the " silver cord " breaks and the body dies .
There is internet chatter of underground installations in Nevada where this research is done - reportedly with help from aliens - and where the successful " blanks " are stored .
The advantage of blanks is that no special methods are needed to prepare the new body for habitation .
Since it has no soul of its own , you just " hop in and drive away " .
Blanks obtained by chasing a soul out of a living body would violate Universal Law but blanks obtained by manufacturing a body which never had a soul and growing it in an artificial womb would not violate Universal Law .
It is doubtful that those doing this research would care either way .
GODS IN WAITING
At Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton , Ohio , there is a section called " secure housing " .
This is sort of a nursing home for people who have spent their lives in government service and who know too much to be allowed to roam free .
Hence the " secure house " .
The fact that this unit exists is not a secret , but what happens there is .
Here is how it works .
The government tells these people that they have been a great service .
Everything they have done in their life is then compiled and put on a " microdot " .
This is stored together with a DNA sample .
Then the person is told that " the government thanks them for their service BUT that the government does not need them any more right now so they will have to die " .
However , should the government need them again at some future time they will be " brought back to life " [ using cloning ] so that they can serve the state again .
Then , when it appears that the person cannot realistically care for themselves , they are euthanized .
People in this class sign an agreement " never to leave the service of the government " and apparently " never means never " .
ACTIVATING THE " SPECIAL POWERS "
Yogis have known for thousands of years about the special powers that humans can develop with practice .
These powers are commonly called the Siddhi powers .
Yogi Masters interested in the Spiritual development of their students will caution them to ignore these powers if , by chance , they should acquire them in the course of their training .
This is because becoming absorbed in such special powers makes any further Spiritual advancement impossible .
However , if you do n't care about Spiritual advancement and instead want power , wealth and control over other people , these powers are just the ticket for you .
These are the primary Siddhi powers :
1. PARKAYA PRAVESH
Parkaya Pravesh means entering ones soul in the body of some other person .
Through this knowledge even a dead body can be brought to life .
The need for this Siddhi is largely replaced by the secret body transfer equipment .
2. HAADI VIDYA
This special power allows a person to neither feel hungry nor thirsty and allows him to remain without eating food or drinking water for several days at a stretch .
3. KAADI VIDYA
This special power allows a person to be unaffected by change of seasons i.e. by summer , winter , rain etc .
A person can sit in the snow or sit in fire and feel no effect .
4. MADALASA VIDYA
This special power has to do with changing the size of your physical body [ shape shifting ] from very small to very large .
5. VAYU GAMAN SIDDHI
This special power allows the person to quickly travel from place to place by flying .
6. KANAKDHARA SIDDHI
This special power concerns the ability to acquire great wealth which is a primary desire of the elite ruling class .
8. SURYA VIGYAN
This is the special power of Alchemy , i.e. , transforming one substance into another .
9. MRIT SANJIVANI VIDYA
This is the special power to bring the dead back to life .
It has now been replaced by cloning .
10 . PRAPTI SIDDHI
This is the power to overcome physical distances .
It is an altered state where space and time have no effect .
11 . PRAKAMYA SIDDHI
This is the ability to get anything you want - rulers love this one .
12 . ISHITA SIDDHI
This is the ability to defy the laws of nature [ physics ] and do unexplainable and " impossible " things .
13 . VASHITA SIDDHI
This is the ability to put other people under your control [ similar to hypnosis ] .
This Siddhi has largely been replaced with effective mind control drugs and methods .
14 . KAMAVASAYITA SIDDHI
This is the ability to get anything you want anywhere you want and is sort of a master power including many of the other special powers .
What politician would not drool at the thought of having this power !
The government has discovered that you can " turn on " these special powers by a combination of hyperbaric oxygen and special ultrasonic frequencies .
This makes all the years of difficult yoga practice unnecessary .
It also produces people with amazing power who have no discipline and no regard for humanity .
AURA BALANCING EQUIPMENT
The AURA is the magnetic field surrounding the human body .
Psychics can see Auras and anyone can see them with the help of special filters such as those made with dicyanine dye .
Dicyanine dye is an old chemical compound and is not hard to make .
However , you may have to find a source outside the United States because it is supposed to be one of the " secret ingredients " used in US currency and so the government does not want you to have any .
This is really ridiculous considering that the benefits of seeing auras far outweighs some secret component of paper money but that is how they think .
The Aura relates to the Physical body under the " as above , so below " rule .
Specifically , a problem in the physical body first appears as a defect in the Aura .
Since most people can't see the Aura , this warning goes unheeded and the physical problem manifests .
However , if you were able to see the Aura , you could correct a potential problem there and so never have to experience it in the physical .
This is what a competent psychic healer is able to do .
The government has now perfected " aura balancing machines " which use sophisticated computers to analyze the magnetic field [ aura ] and compare it to some " perfect reference standard " and make the necessary corrections .
Consequently , the gods and other special elite can keep their Auras perfect .
This equipment is part of a family of magnetic medical devices .
The only member of this family that is public knowledge is the MRI diagnostic device , which was actually an accidental spin off from the original project to develop the Aura balancing magnetic device .
When people spend their lives doing bad things - constantly plotting to hurt other people and cultivating hate and the like - the Aura is damaged and the person suffers .
The elite like to do all these things but they do n't want to suffer the natural consequences of their behavior .
Therefore , with periodic use of the Aura balancing equipment , they can lead as evil a life as they want and still have a " picture perfect " Aura and enjoy excellent health .
They have effectively " defeated the law of karma " .
MANUFACTURING GENIUSES
In past times when public education actually tried to educate young people , teachers took pride in their work .
They knew that not everyone would be an intellectual success but they also knew that there would be a few outstanding students who would go on to do great things and this knowledge gave them a sense of job satisfaction .
However , today the government has developed a secret process that will turn any ordinary person into a genius .
Part of the process involves drugs that will remove all uric acid from the person 's body .
This is the key secret .
Actually , it is a secret only from the ordinary people of the world .
Other governments know how to do this too .
In fact , if someone is captured and suspected of being a foreign operative , one of the tests used is to check the uric acid level .
Now that the government can manufacture as many genius kids as it wants whenever it wants , the value of a " naturally occurring genius " has greatly decreased .
In fact , a naturally occurring genius would now be considered a potential liability because he would not be under government control and could possibly develop independent thoughts which could upset the status quo .
He would be watched as a potential threat to the national security .
The manufactured geniuses are " contained " in government installations .
The kids are not kidnapped and their parents know where they are .
They believe their kids are doing a service to the country .
The typical manufactured genius will have several Ph.D. 's before he becomes a teenager .
The kids live on a diet of potato chips , candy bars and soft drinks .
No one cares about the future effects this diet might have because there is no plan to keep the kids beyond the early twenties .
Although the government has all the supercomputers it could possibly want , there are still some problems that only real people can be used to solve .
The reason for selecting kids is that , although they can achieve incredible intellectual capacity , they do not have any maturity , common sense or moral values .
These are learned qualities which come over time and cannot be instantly " drugged into someone " .
The government does not want to see these qualities because it interferes with work .
For example , if you told mature scientists , " go make germs to kill everyone in the world " , they might have second thoughts about obeying since , for one thing , they live in the world too .
However , if you tell the kids to go do this they will say , " gee ! - wee !
- that sounds like fun - let 's go do it ! " .
This is why the government uses kids because the moral component of their personality has not developed and they will freely do projects that mature people will refuse to do .
None of the kids is kept beyond the early twenties .
The government cannot kill them because their parents know where they are .
However , it is not known whether the kids gradually return to normal once the special drugs are withdrawn or whether the government uses one of its CEOM [ C hemical E rasure O f M emory ] drugs on them before they are released .
Clearly , they know things that the government wants kept secret so it is probable that something is done to them since the " lack of morality " which the government liked would now become a liability since the kids would also " lack any respect " for any nondisclosure agreement they signed .
Because the government can manufacture smart people when it needs them , there is really no longer any need for a strong public education system .
Educating " ordinary " people could be a liability because educated people tend to object to government policies .
Therefore , public education has now been trashed .
School is just a place to get a free lunch , buy and sell street drugs , and hook up for sex .
There is even a movement to arrange for all school kids to see a psychiatrist who would have the power to force brain damaging drugs on any kid who showed a tendency toward independent thought .
THE " SCHEDULE ZERO " DRUGS
The government arranges controlled drugs into five categories or " schedules " from I to V .
A regular doctor can prescribe from schedule II to schedule V. Schedule I are drugs whose names are known [ such as LSD ] but which you cannot get without a special schedule I permit which is usually issued to universities and research labs .
However , this does not account for all the available drugs .
The cure for AIDS , for example , is kept at all full service hospitals .
It was created at the same time AIDS was created .
It is not on schedule I or any of the schedules .
However , it does exist .
We have made up the name " Schedule 0 " to cover this class of drugs simply because it sounds logical .
Schedule 0 drugs are available to doctors and others with Q level clearances .
In every major hospital , at least one of the doctors has a Q clearance .
The code name for this doctor is " Doctor Ray " .
That is not his name , of course , but if you ask to see Dr. Ray , he will come .
Other drugs in schedule 0 would be the " genius drug " we discussed earlier and the class of brainwashing drugs used to create " manchurian candidates " and the like .
Also , secret assassination drugs .
" WE BUY MISTAKES "
At drug companies , thousands of unique chemical compounds are made which never existed before .
Some become drugs .
Some are pure trash and do not do anything .
But , many others may do weird undesirable things or even kill people .
You do n't need to throw those new chemicals away because the government will pay good money for them so it can use them against people it does not like .
Remember , this is a unique chemical which has never existed before .
No one knows it has been invented and therefore there is no literature available on it and no test for it .
Who could wish for a better assassination drug than one with no history which would be almost impossible to ever isolate and detect .
THE ABODE OF THE GODS
INTRODUCTION
As a general rule , the government likes privacy .
They tend to choose locations where ordinary people will not likely find them .
Because most all of the real estate on the Earth is already in use , some creativity is necessary to find places where no one would want to go or where no one can go .
Examples of such places would be desolate places like Area 51 , inhospitable places like Antarctica and inaccessible places like the far side of the moon .
However , these places only allow for limited expansion .
The solution to this problem is to use the existing real estate of the planet on a lower level , i.e. , to build underground cities and installations .
This solution provides access to the entire planet - even the water covered regions - as " empty space " for whatever you want to build .
Because of the water covered regions , there is more real estate available underground than there is on the planet surface .
And , ordinary people have no idea that such places exist or are even possible .
So , it is just a great place all the way around .
CONSTRUCTION TECHNOLOGY
When the idea of moving underground first occurred to the government in the early 1900's , the only technology available was conventional technology like men with shovels and whatever heavy equipment was around at that time .
Later , as the government began to develop its seed knowledge , some very fast and efficient methods became available .
The system developed , which is in use currently , involves lasers " pumped " by a small nuclear detonation .
This device produces a cylinder shaped tunnel with " smooth as glass " walls which can be made many miles long with one pulse of the laser device .
Since the material removed in the excavation is sort of " disintegrated " by this device , excavation can be done at a fairly rapid pace .
UNDERGROUND TRANSPORT SYSTEMS
You may remember - before the age of computers - that stores had vacuum pipes running around so that clerks could put paper documents in cylinders and have them sucked thru the pipes to some central office somewhere else .
The office could reply thru the outgoing pipe .
Because the laser technology makes perfect cylinders that mimic a large pipe , they can be used to transport people and equipment underground at fantastic speeds .
A large cylinder , similar to the idea used in stores in the past , forms a car or bus which holds passengers and cargo .
One vacuum cylinder goes one way and its companion goes the other way .
The entire planet is now connected by this underground transport system which links all underground cities and underground installations .
SAFE TERMINALS
As a general rule , a country protects its air space and its physical borders .
However , no one seems to consider the possibility of an attack from underground .
Consequently , the nations who have not yet been taken over and co-opted into the new world order are easily penetrated by the underground transport system .
All that is required is a " safe house " in the target country located where you want to send in agents .
This is then tied in with the underground transport system and you can enter and leave the target country whenever you want and the fools never even know you are there .
THE UNDERGROUND INSTALLATIONS
Underground installations are mainly work places as opposed to underground cities which are living spaces .
There are underground installations all over the world .
However , for our example we are going to talk about the installation located below Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton , Ohio .
This is a huge installation and extends far beyond the physical limits of the base above it and even extends into neighboring states .
This installation is basically an underground office building .
Once you get into the underground , you see brightly lit hallways which seem to go on forever .
Every so often is an area with electric carts .
You grab one and go to wherever you are going and leave it in the closest " cart park " for others to use .
One interesting aspect of this underground office building is the doors to the offices .
The doors are about twelve feet tall .
Even basketball players do n't get that tall .
However , it is said that some of the alien races we have business relationships with are almost twelve feet tall so this could be an attempt to accommodate them .
THE UNDERGROUND CITIES
You may have seen TV stories about " secret " underground places for government executives to go in case of some attack .
These stories typically show some concrete block room with very uncomfortable looking bunk beds and maybe a crate of tasteless dry food from the 1960's or whatever .
Such places may exist , but they are certainly not for anyone at any high level of government .
They would laugh at such crap and they certainly would not want to stay there .
When we say " underground city " we mean " city " with all the associated amenities .
Underground cities have houses , open spaces , trees , gardens and , of course , golf courses .
They look like any other city except that they are underground .
And , they are " camelot perfect " .
Remember , " the rain may never fall ' til after sundown ... " , etc .
Everything in an underground city is state of the art technology perfect .
The air is " manufactured air " which means the air is made from stocks of liquefied gasses [ nitrogen , oxygen , etc. ] which are then mixed in the exact correct proportions .
There is zero pollution .
Artificial sunlight creates day and less artificial sunlight creates night .
Water can be tapped from natural underground sources .
Power is generated from geothermal energy and is essentially unlimited .
Local transportation is electric .
The ideal location for underground cities is Africa because the African Continent has essentially no seismic activity .
Underground cities are immune to all surface weather problems and are completely safe from any war type event on the surface , however they do not do too well in an earthquake or similar seismic event .
So , they can not be located in areas of the earth subject to such events .
In the underground cities are located the living quarters for the gods - the permanent residents of the Earth .
There are many reasons for the underground such as privacy , secrecy and security .
However , the apparent main reason is the anticipation of some future natural disaster which will end all life on the surface of the earth .
The gods , of course , plan to survive such an event .
When things quiet down , they can manufacture a new race of people to their specifications and repopulate the surface .
Then , they can resume business as usual .
DETECTION OF UNDERGROUND CITIES AND INSTALLATIONS
When the plan for using the underground was first conceived , it was designed to be a secret place for the elite and the " ordinary " surface people were never to have knowledge of it .
However , a problem developed due to the new high tech equipment in use by the oil exploration industry .
This equipment can map the underground and therefore it can also map the underground cities and installations .
This was discovered by accident in Russia .
Russia had allowed some US companies to come look for oil with all of their cute gadgets .
At first they felt that they had found a huge pool of oil .
Then , they realized that they had actually discovered a gigantic secret underground city .
Because this took place in Russia , the event received brief press and was then quietly hushed up .
This creates a problem for the US and the other nations who have underground cities because they can now be located and mapped .
Therefore , all persons who are allowed to possess this equipment must now be watched to make sure that they do not locate and expose the secret underground .
Apparently , only oil companies use this equipment .
So , since these companies have a close relationship with governments , it should be relatively easy to make sure that no one talks and the secrets of the underground are preserved indefinitely as originally intended .
SOURCES AND METHODS
INTRODUCTION
Here we wish to go thru some of the basic sources and methods that the government uses to gather information .
Sources and methods only work when no one suspects that they exist .
So , as we go thru these you will probably be in for some surprises .
PEN REGISTERS
Pen Registers are devices which federal law requires that telephone companies maintain so the government can spy on you .
Basically , the pen register is a list of all the phone numbers called from a phone and all the phone numbers of calls received by that phone .
Pen registers are maintained on all phones including public phones .
Phones have been around a long time and so it has been realized that you can get good information by listening in on calls .
That is why we have legislation to prevent this .
However , it has only been recently that the Caller ID system became available due to new electronic switching equipment .
Originally , it was not possible to detect numbers called and received and so no law was written to make logging this information illegal .
Before one could be written , the government stepped in and demanded that all calls be logged and that the logs be given to them upon demand .
Let 's look at an example of how you might be affected by pen register data .
Let 's say you are in the front yard watering the grass or something and someone has car trouble and asks to use the phone to call home for help .
You let them use your cordless phone .
Now say one of their kids is known to the police for being involved in drugs .
The pen register will show a call made from your house to the suspect 's house and therefore you will be put on a secret police watch list as a suspected drug dealer and placed under surveillance .
All this will be secret and you have no way to know it has happened and no way to do anything about it .
To take it further , say your mate is being considered for a sensitive job .
But , now the FBI file will have a note about suspected drug activities so they wo n't get the job and you will never figure out why and it is all secret .
This is how the pen register surveillance system works .
WATER AND DRAIN PIPES
When you talk , your voice vibrates things around the house .
The NSA [ N ational S ecurity A gency ] people have been doing parallel research for years inventing and perfecting unique gadgets that no one knows exist so they can spy on people .
They are so concerned that no one figures out what they have come up with that employees must agree to die rather than let the secret information be compromised .
When they fly their spy planes , the crew understands that they must blow up the plane rather than let some foreign power find the secret equipment .
This is usually not necessary because all of the spy equipment is designed to self destruct into a pile of useless rubble before anyone could get their hands on it .
However , if this can not be accomplished or accomplished fast enough , the crew understands that they must destroy the plane and themselves with it .
This is how serious they are about the revolutionary stuff they have invented which suggests that it is " real good stuff " .
Now , back to the pipes .
In this spy method , it is possible to connect to a drain pipe or water pipe in a neighborhood and detect the conversations going on in the houses which the pipes connect to .
Secret equipment is able to filter and select so that only one particular house on the pipe network is monitored .
This level of sophistication of signal selection and filtering is , of course , one of the secrets .
The information has always been there for the taking but no one had the means to use it .
X - RAY VISION
Originally , only Superman had it .
Now , we all can have it because it is for sale .
This once secret technique involved equipping an acceptable vehicle [ phone trucks are popular ] with x-ray equipment .
Then the police would pull up in front of your house and this equipment would let them see inside without ever knocking .
They could see who was home and where they were in the house .
If they thought you could resist them , they could just lock on to your position and shoot thru the wall and kill you while you were watching TV or whatever .
Later , after they trashed your house , they could make up some story that you resisted them .
Now , declassified , anyone can buy this stuff .
Just go to www.radarvision.com and have your credit card ready .
" STEPFORD WIVES "
This is a cute little project involving controlling women with satellites .
Since most weird projects are dreamed up by men , they tend to focus more on women then men simply out of the respect for one man for another man as opposed to a " mere woman " .
Anyway , in this project , a special satellite was to send out signals designed to influence the female brain .
Since natural brains are not influenced by satellite signals , it was necessary to give the women brain implants .
This was accomplished by arranging for shampoo manufactures to add special liquid crystals to shampoo used by women .
Whenever they would wash their hair , some of the liquid crystals would penetrate the scalp and make their way into the brain where they would remain permanently .
Once the level of crystals reached a certain concentration , the woman could theoretically be brought under control of the mind control satellite .
This is really one of the more creative projects in the mind control collection .
SECRET WARS
There are many techniques for secret wars .
Secret wars have the advantage of deniability .
You can not blame a nation for attacking you or even trashing and taking over your country if everything that happens appears to be " an act of god " .
Let 's look at a couple of examples :
Attack from Above
Suppose you want to secretly attack a country , kill most of its people and then move in and take over the place .
You find some migratory bird whose flight habits will cause it to cross the country you want to destroy .
You make a contagious designer virus and infect these birds .
The virus is designed to be harmless to the birds .
However , as the birds fly over the target country and leave their little " birdie duty " along the way , the virus is designed to attack the food crops of the target country and kill them .
The people starve and die .
Then you move in and take the land .
This technique works best with highly populated countries like China who would simply not have the logistic capability of brining in enough food fast enough to prevent mass starvation .
Attack from Below
Because the US has a global secret tunnel network , it is no problem to go underneath the country you are going to trash and create some type of devastating earthquake or other sever seismic disturbance which will leave the place in ruins .
Of course , " nature " would be blamed .
Incidentally , in the resent tsunami , no news group seemed to mention the tiny island at the center of the tsunami where the US operates a secret base .
Strange how they seemed to overlook that fact !
ULTRASONICS
If you are in a room with loud music , you will notice that liquid in a glass is vibrating .
Also , if you touch the wall or some solid thing , you will feel vibration .
So , we know sound waves affect things in their immediate environment .
When things in the vicinity of a sound source vibrate , you can analyze these things and reconstruct the sound which caused the vibration .
Now , please refer to the above schematic .
There are common devices in almost every home .
One is the TV set .
In the TV set is a very stable crystal oscillator on a frequency of 15.575 KHz .
Some people can hear this high pitied " whine " coming from the TV .
This frequency creates an ultrasonic field which covers your house and extends beyond the walls of your house .
When you speak , the sound waves from your voice interact with this known [ fixed frequency ] field to create an interference pattern .
This interference pattern can be detected by spy satellites and , from it , the voices in the room can be reconstructed .
This is how the government listens to you in your home when it wants to .
Now that you know this , you can jam the spy equipment by installing " trashy " ultrasonic generators in your house .
Try to find old ultrasonic bug repelers at a flea market or second hand store because the newer models have been " fixed " so as not to interfere with the spy equipment .
This will produce so many random ultrasonic fields that the spy equipment will not be able to lock onto a stable pattern and so will not be able to reconstruct your voice .
Now , say you are in the middle of a lake fishing with your friend .
No one is close to you .
You think it is safe to talk .
Well , think again .
You see , you are most likely wearing an electronic watch .
In it is a crystal on a frequency of 32.678 KHz .
It is much weaker that the TV set but strong enough to make a field around you and someone close to you .
So , spy satellites can tune in on you and hear every word you say .
This is basically how the ultrasonic spy system works .
X -RAY SATELLITES
In case the government also wants to watch you in your home while it is listening to you , it can target your house with one of its X - Ray satellites .
Of course , if you live in an old house painted with lead based paint they will have a fuzzy picture .
Therefore , new laws not only outlaw lead paint but require the removal of any existing lead paint so they can get a clear picture .
The system is very selective .
For example , if you have a 50 story office building and you are interested in activities on the 17th .
floor , you can " tune in " that floor and exclude the rest of the building .
Clearly , this technology is similar to the new airport scanners which can be adjusted to gradually " strip off your clothes " layer by layer to see if you are hiding anything .
The only difference with the satellites would be higher power and more selective focusing ability .
VENDORS
Government spies who are constantly slithering around the country killing and otherwise harassing helpless citizens use sophisticated electronic gadgets .
This is not the same stuff you can go out and buy at some " spy store " .
This is stuff that regular people have never seen and have no idea exists .
Unfortunately , gadgets brake sometimes and need service .
What 's a lonely spy to do - far from the home office - should this happen .
Well , fortunately , the government thought of that and established a network of repair centers .
These repair centers go by the code name " vendors " .
So , if your spy stuff needs fixing , you know somewhere locally you can go to get the work done .
Vendors use ordinary garden variety businesses as " fronts " .
Flower shops are popular because no would expect anything sinister there .
In this case you would walk into the flower shop and say something like , " Hi , I am have some special trouble with my garden and I talked to Patty Petunia and she said she could help me . "
Obviously , there is no Patty Petunia but you have now given the correct code word and they will let you into the back room where the technicians work and you can get your stuff fixed or replaced or whatever it takes to get you back in shape to carry on your secret assignment .
NATIONWIDE DOUBLETHINK
Now , let 's say the " vendor " in the spy fix it shoppe needs parts .
Well , you need to go to a parts store .
But , the parts you need are classified so the catalog is not going to have them in it .
So you say , " I need some hard to find parts and Cathy Capacitor said you might have them . "
Now that you have said the correct code word , the man behind the counter will hand you a catalog which looks like the regular catalog but it will be the classified version which will list the secret parts you need .
You place your order and pay with your Federal Credit Card .
We have used electronic parts as an example but the system of " two sets of everything " , one for the " ordinary person " and another for the " special " person applies pretty much to all items and all major suppliers .
There is one " public catalog " and a second " secret catalog " which you can see once you give the correct code word signal .
Because " special " people may live and work side by side with " ordinary " people , there is a whole national language of code words so that the " special " people can get and do the things they need and the " ordinary " people will have no clue as to what is happening .
It could be described as a sort of " cold war " of the secret government against the uninitiated masses or " the herd " as they are referred to in high circles .
CATHOLIC CONFESSION
This is one of the better kept secrets .
For years now , priests have been passing on to the government anything you tell them in confession that they might find interesting .
This is one of the major methods that the government uses to gather information .
The Catholic Church has been very cooperative with the government in intelligence and it could almost be considered a secret arm of the government .
Also , because of its power to scare people , it can help the government control people by , for example , telling people that it is a " sin " to try to avoid paying taxes .
As you may have guessed by now , the Catholic Church is a control organization and has nothing at all to do with anything remotely Spiritual .
It is just a racket to get your money so that its elite members can have a great life without working .
THE STATE OF THE ART
INTRODUCTION
Here we wish to briefly go over the real state of the art in science .
The " chosen " of the world have now had almost seventy years to evaluate and develop the seed knowledge that they were given for the benefit of all mankind .
They have made good progress in the development of this knowledge although they only use it for their benefit and others detriment .
COMMUNICATIONS
Communications technology is one of the most perfected sciences .
Instant global communications are available to anyone who wants to pay the cost and highly sophisticated global communications systems are available to the military and government .
Today's " secret agents " are supposed to be capable of uninterrupted worldwide communication via a dental implant .
Additionally , they are supposed to have a second dental implant for self destruction .
Both are said to be " non removable " whatever that means .
The agents are fearless of death because they are promised new bodies if they should die .
This implant technology is also quite effective for the " puppets " the United States installs all over the world as " democratically elected leaders " .
In the past , when an installed puppet malfunctioned , it required a military invasion to remove the puppet and install a replacement puppet .
This can be messy and costly as in the case of Panama and now Iraq .
Now , with the self destruct implant technology and communications technology , when a puppet is installed he will have no choice but to obey orders because he will be monitored 24 hours a day and he can be killed in an instant by remote control if he gets out of line .
Radio transmissions may be cleverly encrypted to prevent the information sent from becoming known , however the fact that there is some kind of transmission taking place cannot be concealed .
Since most people who are concerned with security have equipment which will detect that a radio frequency transmission is taking place , we assume that one of the NSA 's secrets is that they have discovered some communications technology which does not use conventional radio frequencies .
Such transmissions will not be detectable until someone in the private sector guesses how they work and lives long enough to publish the findings so that the new technology becomes public knowledge .
PHYSICS
Physics is complete .
That is , there is no " uncertainty " left as to how things operate .
Physics books available to the public end with all sorts of " uncertainty principles " and other assorted unknowns .
This is to deliberately keep the average person in ignorance .
For those a bit smarter , so called " String Theory " seems to be a fairy tale invented to send the curious off in the wrong direction .
All of the mechanics of matter and the Universe have been worked out , tested and verified .
There are real " complete " physics books in print , however you need a top secret clearance to get your hands on one .
MEDICINE
There is no known disease that does not have a safe an effective cure .
There is no need for you to ever die physically unless you want to .
The fact that these treatments and options are not available to you is due to government policy and secrecy .
Medicine has become an " industry " as opposed to some kind of " healing art " practiced by dedicated souls sworn to do their best to help you and to never hurt you .
This may have once been true but the only thing that counts today is making money and the medical industry is very skilled at maximizing its profits .
Like any industry , the medical industry has and relies on " trade secrets " .
Trade secrets are things that , if known , would seriously impact the profitability of the trade .
For example , an auto maker would prefer that you not know the actual cost of production of a vehicle .
That way , you will be content to pay the designated price and feel you got a good deal .
The biggest trade secret of the medical industry is that there is really no need for a medical industry .
If you had access to the secret vaccinations given to the elite ruling class , you would never get sick .
If you had access to top secret cloning technology , you would never die .
The only reason you would need medical help would be as a result of some accident or physical injury of some type .
If that was the only reason people sought out a doctor , they would go broke .
Clearly , this is economically unacceptable .
Therefore , it is important that people be deliberately allowed to become infected with diseases that are preventable and that new diseases be made in the lab and released to keep people sick and scared of dying so that they constantly run to doctors for " help " , all the while not knowing they are actually the cause and not the solution .
Probably the two diseases that the medical industry absolutely loves best are AIDS and cancer .
Both are man made and both have effective cures which are top secret .
Drug companies know that they are not allowed to release the real cure without government permission .
Of course , there is no economic motivation to do so because they could no longer profit from suffering people by inventing expensive " cures " which do not work and selling them at top dollar .
These two diseases together fulfill many of the government 's needs and desires .
They kill people which is considered necessary for population control .
They boost the economy because the drug companies and the medical industry can make a fortune selling the helpless people drugs and treatments that do n't work and then " standing around " while the poor people slowly die in agony anyway .
The medical industry is extremely wealthy and has loads of lobbyists with bags of money to bribe congress and any regulators to get whatever it wants .
What it wants is to stay in business and grow ever richer day by day .
So , do n't expect to see any improvements .
GENETICS
Much genetic information is now publicly available .
In secret , the state of the art in genetic knowledge and capability is equal to or very close to the sophistication of the alien genetic scientists who manufactured the bodies we now use on the Earth tens of thousands of years ago .
These alien people are the " god " or " gods " referred to in ancient books .
There are no books written by the for real GOD .
SPACE TRAVEL
The US has space ships and space travel capability and limited experience in actual space travel .
There are limits on where ships from Earth can go due to sanctions for willful and continuing violations of the Universal Laws .
However , they sneak out every once and a while and visit uninhabited places or hook up with their little bug and reptile friends .
One discovery of interest is that our solar system creates time within its space and other solar systems due the same .
The field of control which our sun generates extends out some light years and larger suns would have larger spheres of influence .
A solar system has a factor known in top secret physics as " time pressure " .
Time pressure determines what elements may freely exist within that system .
Therefore , rare elements and elements that can only be man made and have very short " lives " in our solar system may freely exist and be common in other systems with a different " time pressure " .
This has been confirmed experimentally by traveling to other solar systems .
If Earth 's government would clean up its act and respect Universal Laws , we could all enjoy the many new experiences available in other parts of the physical universe , but it appears that is not to be .
TIME TRAVEL
Time travel is a reality and has been perfected .
The first thing they tried , of course , was to go change the past in the hope of changing the future .
It does not work .
Einstein predicted that it would not work and he was right .
Changes you may make in the past have no effect at all on the present .
So all those science fiction stories are just that - fiction !
A GOD'S LIFE
INTRODUCTION
Perhaps the most logical way to present this material is to take the theoretical case of a baby born to one of the ruling bloodlines of the Earth .
Such a child would have a birthright or " divine right " to become a god .
Let 's go thru the stages of development of such a child .
CHILDHOOD
The young god is like any other naturally born baby .
It does not remember its past lives and it is not consciously aware of much of anything at all .
The child will , of course , be raised in an environment with every conceivable luxury .
During these early years , members of the child 's bloodline as well as those from other bloodlines will be watching .
This is because , should this child be approved for godhood , it will live forever and become a new permanent member of their elite community .
Every once and a while there is an " error " .
A child develops humane thoughts and strange desires to work to change the world for the better .
Obviously , this cannot be tolerated and such a child cannot be allowed to become a god .
It may not be harmed , but it will be secretly excommunicated from the elite and will simply not be given the special knowledge of the gods .
It will live a normal life and then die and be forgotten .
This is just one of those problems when a child is born " naturally " .
However , it is more likely that the child will show a tendency towards a desire for power and total disregard for " ordinary " people .
Such a healthy sign would mean that , most likely , a new god has been born .
EARLY LIFE
Once the child reaches school age , there should be obvious signs as to whether this child will be initiated into the society of gods or not .
If yes , the initiation sequences will begin .
Immunizations
The parents will order what is code named a " health kit " for the child .
This consists of several bottles of liquid which the child will be told to drink or which will be gotten into the child somehow like mixing with food .
The child will then be immunized for life against all known diseases including all special diseases which the government has created and released [ like population control viruses such as AIDS ] or that have been prepared and may be released in the future .
Beyond this point , the child will never get sick .
Child may or may not be told about this at the present time .
Special School
Obviously , child will never go to anything remotely close to a " public " school .
Child is a future ruler of the world and is above all of those ordinary " trash " people .
Child will go to a special school where other elite kids go and will develop friendships with other children , many of which may also be " young gods " .
Attitude
Child will be watched for its attitude and method of handling interpersonal relationships .
It is a future ruler and , as such , must show no weakness or compassion .
If a male child has a problem with a girl and kills her [ like the Kennedy 's do ] , this would be a positive sign that he is " real god material " having demonstrated total ruthlessness and total disregard for human life .
Special god training would probably be started immediately .
As for the girl , well women are a " secondary inferior creation " so who cares .
Bury her and forget it .
YOUNG ADULT LIFE
Now the young god in training is ready to start its special training which will place it forever above the ordinary person .
Parents may take young adult to one of the secret libraries where the true history of the United States and the world is recorded .
History books available to the general public are creative works of fiction at best .
In the secret libraries , child will learn about the FRUS [ F oreign R elations of the U nited S tates ] books which contain the true history of the country .
Child can read , for example , the secret indictment against President John F. Kennedy which was used to justify his murder .
If child is into " spacey " stuff , he can read the true report of the Roswell UFO incident which is listed in FRUS as a legitimate event .
AUGMENTED COLLEGE YEARS
Obviously , child will be accepted and will attend one of the ivy league colleges .
Child could go to Yale and get to join Skull and Bones but other colleges will do just as well .
If child elects science as a major , the textbooks used in publicly accessible colleges will be insufficient because all state of the art science is secret .
Therefore , the book companies which print watered down and obsolete stuff for the " ordinary " student also print correct state of the art books for those with proper clearances .
For example , an ordinary person obtaining a Ph.D. Degree in Physics would be left with a bunch of " uncertainty principles " and the general feeling that " we really do n't know anything " .
Actually , Physics is a complete science and there is no " uncertainty " left at all .
So , the classified books would cover subjects like " Temporal Science " and go thru the classified Einstein equations and thoroughly explain everything .
ADULT LIFE
By now the child has been confirmed as " god material " and will be instructed as to its special status and told that it will live here and participate in the ruling of the world forever .
It will probably want to join some of the classic insider groups such as the Builderbergers or the Illuminati so it can have friends who are on the same level .
MARRIAGE
It will have been explained to the young god by this time that the elite bloodline must be preserved as it has been for thousands of years .
Parents may have preselected an appropriate mate or suggested several approved possibilities .
Love is irrelevant .
Production of genetically correct children to preserve the bloodline is the primary purpose .
Should the young god totally reject this idea and choose a " commoner " , it could be stripped of its future rights as a god and excommunicated from the elite circle it now enjoys .
It would be unusual for the young god to make such a choice because by now it knows it is destined to live forever with every possible luxury if it conforms to the accepted rules of conduct .
OCCUPATION
The " elders " will decide how best to use the new god .
It might be made into a Senator or even be selected to do some time as a US President .
US Presidents are generally always from one of the ruling bloodlines of the world and are preselected by a committee of " elders " [ for want of a better word ] .
Once the committee has selected someone , the press programs the general population in such a way that they elect the selected person .
There have been errors in the programming process , notably in the case of President Kennedy who was not supposed to win .
Such errors , however , are corrected .
" RETIREMENT "
Now , an older and wiser god , your work for your first lifetime as a god is coming to a close .
You will have some retirement years where you will not have an active job .
During these years , you will want to visit the secret underground cities and pick out some permanent accommodations where you will live when you are fitted with your new body .
You will also get to meet the " residents " who will eagerly anticipate the day that you will join them .
What to do with the Wife
As a general rule , the wives of gods do not need to know about the underground or that their husband intends to live forever .
There are plenty of young healthy females in the underground for recreation and it would be a drag to be stuck forever with the same woman even if she was fitted with a new young body .
Therefore , wives usually do not have any knowledge about this .
The classic example is the retired CIA boss who went out fishing one day and went missing " floating down the stream " .
Later , the boat " floated back " with his dead body .
Clearly , he was picked up by his buddies , taken to the underground and fitted with his new body .
Then the " empty shell " was floated back so his wife could have closure .
She had no clue .
LIFE IN YOUR SECOND BODY
Choosing a New Body
You have several choices in selecting a new body .
You can choose a new identical body [ clone ] .
You can choose to take someone 's body away from them using the body swap machine [ anyone joining the armed forces must sign over their physical body to the government and therefore the government has the legal right to do anything it wants to that body including removing the spirit from it and allowing it to be used by another spirit ] .
However , you will probably want to select a " manufactured " or " remanufactured " body .
All natural bodies have some defects due to years of " tinkering " and radiation damage from the 1950's when they were popping nukes everywhere for tests .
A " remanufactured " body means that a human body has been checked by genetic engineers for imperfections and all of them have been found and corrected .
Such a body would guarantee you a " physically carefree " second lifetime .
Your New Life in the Underground
As a new god , you really do not have to do anything at all .
The work of all the " ordinary " people of the world is for your benefit .
You are entitled by " divine right " to anything you want .
You have access to all available knowledge and technology .
You can even go visit other planets or take trips in time if you want .
Anything you desire will be provided .
However , once you settle in , since you plan to be here forever , you will most likely want to choose some activity to avoid becoming totally bored .
There are many committees and study groups you can join where the future of the planet is debated and decided .
As you develop seniority , which may not happen until your are on your third body or so , you may play a part in the ruling council of elders which is the actual negative core group which controls this planet .
This would be your ultimate level of advancement within the world of the gods .
Only the most evil and sinister can hope to reach this level .
To do so is considered the ultimate accomplishment .
MANAGING THE HERD
INTRODUCTION
The United Nations refers to the collective peoples of the world as " the herd " .
They speak of such things as " how can we decrease the side of the herd " [ population control ] and so on .
So , as a member of " the herd " , you may be interested in some basic ways that are used to " manage you " .
THE CAGE YOU LIVE IN
You live in a cage .
You were born in this cage and you will die in this cage just like some pet bird or chipmunk or whatever .
You may not have noticed this because the cage is rather large .
However , it is a cage just as well .
Let 's say you live in a major city and let 's now look at the forces which control your life .
First , you are by no means a free person because you must " voluntarily " sell yourself into slavery in order to get your fiat [ faith based ] paper money so you can buy food to stay alive and some place to protect you from the elements .
The things you feel you know to be true were programmed into you by state controlled education and are reinforced every day by state controlled media .
" You are what you eat " and the only thing that there is to eat is processed food containing [ god knows what ] additives which you consume every day and you have no clue what they are or how they affect you .
In a large city , the air you must breathe may be sprayed with special chemicals designed to influence your behavior psychologically or damage you physically by causing cancer or some other dread disease .
In your neighborhood is a paid government informer who knows you and who may even be one of your friends .
Your phone is tapped and all your calls are recorded and saved for a specified amount of time .
If you are " interesting " , these records are saved permanently .
X - Ray satellites can watch you inside your home at any time .
This is why lead paint was outlawed .
You cannot cross an international boundary without permission and some international boundaries are off limits .
In the future , you will need your National Identity Card and Internal Passport to leave your city and to cross checkpoints within your city .
Your vehicle will electronically report its position to the government so that your movements can be logged .
If you have a cell phone , be advised that it is not only reporting your position but that it can be remotely turned on so that it transmits your conversations with whomever you are talking .
Turning the cell phone off will not stop this .
If you want privacy , you must remove the battery .
Otherwise it can be secretly turned on and used as a listening device .
Above you is space .
You know it is there but you have no idea what activities take place there and you cannot go there .
Below you is the underground .
You do n't even know it exists .
This is your situation - " love it " because you " cannot leave " .
POPULATION CONTROL
The world population is " adjusted " based upon the needs of the ruling masters .
As technology increases , less people are needed to do the slave jobs because machines now do these jobs .
Therefore , the " surplus people " need to be eliminated .
Also , specific subgroups of the general population are evaluated for their work potential or " output " as slaves .
" Lazy " groups of people are scheduled for elimination first .
In keeping with this scheme , the long range plan is to eliminate the black race first and then to consider elimination of Latinos because they like their " siestas " and do n't work as hard as other groups do .
AIDS was originally invented to eliminate the black race and specifically to depopulate Africa .
Later , the military suggested that it could be used to get rid of gay people which it has never really approved of .
So , agents were sent to the gay areas of California to give out free hepatitis shots laced with AIDS to eliminate the gays .
In general , the medical profession has the duty to see that you " die appropriately " .
i.e. , that you do not live
' You 're not intelligent enough to marry ' , bride told
Social workers banned a young woman from her own wedding in an extraordinary row over whether she is bright enough to get married .
Kerry Robertson , who has mild learning difficulties , was told her wedding was being halted just 48 hours before she was to walk up the aisle with fiance Mark McDougall .
Miss Robertson , 17 , had bought her wedding dress and the couple had booked the church ceremony , bought the rings and organised a reception to be held last Saturday .
Kerry Robertson ( right ) , who is five months pregnant , was told she could not marry fiance Mark McDougall ( left ) 48 hours before their wedding
But two days before they were due to say their vows in front of 20 guests , social services told the bride - to - be that she would have to cancel the big day because she ' did not understand the implications of getting married ' .
Yesterday , Miss Robertson , who is five months pregnant , said the decision was cruel .
She said : ' I am still so upset about everything .
I know what marriage is .
It is when two folks want to spend the rest of their lives together .
I love Mark and I want to get married to him . '
Miss Robertson , of Dunfermline , Fife , has been in the care of her grandmother since she was nine months old after her parents were unable to look after her , with her welfare overseen by social workers at Fife council .
In January this year , she met Mr McDougall , a 25 - year - old artist from Arbroath .
When Miss Robertson became pregnant , they began making wedding plans .
Mr McDougall said their nightmare began last Thursday when two social workers arrived at the flat they have shared for the past four months .
He said : ' We were about to go out and make final arrangements for our wedding when we heard a frantic rapping at the door .
' When we opened it , two social workers burst in and told us that the marriage was illegal because Kerry has learning difficulties and did not possess the capacity to make such a decision .
' Kerry burst into tears .
' But despite arguing with the social workers that we loved one another and did n't want our baby to be born to unmarried parents , they would n't budge . '
Under Scottish law , a registrar may refuse to marry a couple if he believes one or both the parties lack the mental capacity to understand what the institution of marriage is about .
In a highly unusual step , the registrar at Dunfermline Register Office refused to sanction the marriage after Fife council wrote a letter of objection .
Mr McDougall claims Miss Robertson 's learning difficulties are not severe .
' It 's true she is not very academic , ' he said .
' But she is nowhere near as stupid as social services are making out .
' She is a loving caring person .
She can also read and write , although not very well , and was going to college to catch up .
' I did n't even know she had learning difficulties until we'd been dating for two months .
' At that time , social services said they were pleased we were together and seemed supportive .
' For the first time in her life Kerry was truly happy so we cannot understand what all the fuss is about . '
The couple are concerned that their unborn baby , a boy they have already named Ben , could be taken away if Fife council judges Miss Robertson unable to care for him .
She now faces a psychologist 's assessment to determine if she is too unintelligent to get married .
Mr McDougall said : ' We are both going to fight this all the way .
We feel the fact we want to get married should be encouraged , not forbidden . '
Helen Townsend of Fife council said : ' We cannot discuss details of individual cases for reasons of confidentiality . '
WASHINGTON - Same - sex couples would be allowed to marry in the nation ’s capital under a bill introduced yesterday by a District of Columbia councilman .
The bill was almost certain to pass and had been expected for some time .
But whether it becomes law is more complicated because Congress gets to review D.C. legislation before it takes effect .
At least one Republican congressman has said he will work to have the bill defeated if it passes the D.C. council .
“ Some fights are worth fighting for , ’’ said US Representative Jason Chaffetz of Utah , who thinks Democrats in Congress would probably block any vote on D.C. ’s measure .
“ This is one of them . ’’
The city began in July recognizing same - sex marriages performed elsewhere .
Congress had a chance to act on that legislation , but it quietly passed earlier this year .
D.C. Councilman David Catania introduced the new bill at a standing - room only council meeting .
The independent and one of two openly gay council members said he hopes for a vote in December .
“ There is no question that we are about to embark on an exciting journey here in the district , ’’ he said .
His bill specifically said religious leaders and institutions are not required to perform the marriages or rent their space for same - sex ceremonies .
If the bill becomes law , the city will follow Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , and Vermont , which issue marriage licenses to same - sex couples .
New Hampshire will begin issuing them in January .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
President Obama is on a path toward establishing a one - world government .
This is the warning of Christopher Monckton , a former major policy adviser to British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher .
In December , world leaders will descend upon Copenhagen to sign a United Nations climate change treaty that will succeed the 1997 Kyoto Protocol , which is aimed at reducing greenhouse gases and set to expire in 2012 .
An agreement has been drafted .
The goal of the Copenhagen treaty is to erect an international cap - and - trade regime to curb carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions , said to be responsible for man -made global warming .
Recently , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown warned of a “ climate catastrophe ” - a rising wave of floods , droughts and shrinking food crops - unless the treaty is signed .
Mr. Brown even said global warming would inflict more damage than both world wars and the Great Depression combined ; the world has only several weeks to save itself from impending doom .
“ If we do not reach a deal at this time , let us be in no doubt : once the damage from unchecked emissions growth is done , no retrospective global agreement , in some future period , can undo that choice , ” he said .
Mr. Brown has thus outdone former Vice President Al Gore in fear - mongering and inciting public hysteria .
Global - warming alarmists are using the myth of climate change to impose an embryonic socialist world government .
Following the collapse of communism , the West ’s progressive elites desperately searched for a viable ideological alternative .
They found it in environmentalism .
Although the Green movement wraps itself in the flag of empirical science , it represents the very opposite : a dogma that provides meaning and purpose to its rabid followers .
The ideology justifies massive tax increases and government control of the economy ; it seeks to cripple free enterprise and curtail market - driven growth .
Many of today ’s Greens are yesterday ’s Reds .
Global warming is the greatest fraud of our time .
The overwhelming scientific evidence shows that , rather than getting hotter , the Earth ’s temperatures are cooling .
Increasing numbers of leading scientists are challenging the flawed computer models used by eco-alarmists .
Mr. Gore and his supporters cannot answer several simple questions .
If the Earth ’s temperatures are no longer rising , then how can CO2 emissions be responsible for global warming ?
How could previous dramatic increases in global temperatures - such as the end of the Ice Age - have taken place without concentrations of CO2 ?
The answer is obvious : Carbon emissions are not connected to fluctuations in global temperatures .
The mad drive for an international cap - and - trade system is really geared toward achieving the left ’s long - sought goal : the destruction of democratic capitalism and national sovereignty .
The Greens are poised to succeed where the Reds failed .
The Copenhagen treaty must still be negotiated .
Final agreement is far from certain , especially from emerging industrial powers like China , India and Brazil .
Yet the draft version is clear about the treaty ’s essential elements .
It calls for a massive transfer of wealth from the developed world to the developing world .
The United States would be forced to spend billions of dollars a year in foreign aid to pay for a so - called “ climate debt ” - a provision to punish wealthy countries for having historically emitted large amounts of CO2 , while compensating poor ones for not contributing to greenhouse gases .
The Copenhagen treaty seeks to implement a bureaucratic redistributionist agenda ; it is a way for Third World kleptocracies to extort enormous sums of money from America and other rich nations .
Moreover , Mr. Monckton points out that , in paragraph 38 , Annex 1 , the Copenhagen draft calls for a U.N. - created “ government ” responsible for taxation , enforcement and redistribution .
In other words , the draft treaty explicitly demands that the world body erect an international mechanism with the power to impose emission - reduction targets for each country , determine acceptable levels of CO2 and levy global taxes .
The United States would lose control over its environmental policy .
Also , it would sign its death warrant as a functioning democracy , enabling the United Nations to administer a fledgling world government possessing the authority to regulate and tax the American economy .
The treaty is a sword aimed at the heart of our national sovereignty .
If Mr. Obama signs the Copenhagen treaty , he “ will sign your freedom , your democracy , and your prosperity away forever , ” Mr. Monckton recently told an audience in Minnesota .
“ I read that treaty and what it says is this : that a world government is going to be created . ”
Yet the U.S. Senate can avoid this disastrous course .
A supermajority of 67 votes is required to ratify the treaty .
In 1997 , the Senate in a 95 - 0 vote rejected the Kyoto Protocol , thereby preventing the United States from joining .
Mr. Monckton believes that , in order to avoid defeat , Mr. Obama will try to circumvent the ratification process .
If he does , he will spark a political revolt that will make the Tea Party protests look tame by comparison .
Mr. Obama has vowed to create a “ green economy ” based on “ green - collar jobs ” and “ a green New Deal . ”
The Copenhagen treaty would enable him to accomplish his revolutionary ambitions .
It would mark his Cultural Revolution - the permanent transformation of America .
Jeffrey T. Kuhner is a columnist at The Washington Times and president of the Edmund Burke Institute .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
California 's law requiring the authorities to take a DNA sample from every person arrested on felony accusations was challenged in federal court Wednesday as an unconstitutional privacy breach .
A lawsuit ( .pdf ) , filed by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of two Californians who were arrested and released , seeks to overturn a voter - approved law that became effective this year .
Proposition 69 requires detainees to provide a saliva or sometimes a blood sample upon felony arrest .
The sample is stored in state and FBI databases , even if the arrested person is never charged or convicted of a crime .
The challenge , if successful , threatens to derail similar laws in other states .
According to DNAResource.com , 10 other states have such statutes .
They are Alabama , Alaska , Colorado , Florida , Kansas , Louisiana , North Dakota , South Carolina , South Dakota and Vermont .
The San Francisco federal case argues Proposition 69 ( .pdf ) " dramatically expanded the scope of mandatory , suspicionless , and warrantless seizure and testing of DNA in California . "
What 's more , the lawsuit cites California Justice Department figures showing that of the 332,000 people arrested for felonies in 2007 , 101,000 were n't convicted of any crime .
The challenge comes as authorities struggle to keep up with the flood of DNA samples collected under the law .
Some 53,000 samples from California have yet to enter the state 's database – a backlog comprised , in part , of DNA from people who have not been convicted of a crime .
The FBI has about 293,000 more to fill its backlog , according to ProPublica .
Wednesday 's lawsuit does not challenge DNA sampling for convicted felons or for those required under a court order .
Rather , the case challenges " the mass , programmatic DNA testing of hundreds of thousands of persons – persons not convicted or who are otherwise not under supervision of the criminal justice system – as to whom the long - recognized constitutional prerequisites to such searches and seizures have been established . "
The ACLU says DNA sampling is different from the compulsory fingerprinting upon arrest that has been standard practice in the U.S. for decades .
A fingerprint , for example , reveals nothing more than a person 's identity .
But much can be learned from a DNA sample , which codes a person 's family ties , some health risks , and , according to some , can predict a propensity for violence .
What 's more , in California the authorities are allowed to conduct so - called " familial searching . "
That is when a genetic sample does not directly match another , so authorities start investigating people with closely matched DNA in hopes of finding leads to the perpetrator .
" Regarding fingerprinting , the U.S. Supreme Court has said for more than 30 years that it is not a search , " Michael Risher , an ACLU attorney on the case , said in a telephone interview .
" But DNA , the method of taking it , is an invasion of our body .
The more significant the invasion , the more justification the government needs . "
The courts have already upheld DNA sampling of convicted felons based on the theory that the convicted have fewer privacy rights .
Still , the U.S. Supreme Court has held that when conducting intrusions of the body during an investigation , the police need so - called " exigent circumstances " or a warrant .
That alcohol evaporates in the blood stream is the exigent circumstance to draw blood from a suspected drunk driver .
" Our position is before you take somebody 's genetic information , you need either a warrant or that person needs to be convicted of a felony with all the procedural protections anybody gets when you are charged and tried with a felony , " the ACLU 's Risher said .
So far , the courts have never squarely addressed the constitutionality of the DNA law at issue in this case , according to a congressional study .
The plaintiffs include an Oakland woman whose DNA was taken after she was arrested during a war protest in San Francisco earlier this year .
Elizabeth Aida Haskell was never charged .
" Now my genetic information is stored indefinitely in a government database , simply because I was exercising my right to speak out , " she said in a statement .
A California attorney general memo ( .pdf ) requires the sample be taken at booking or soon thereafter .
The other plaintiff is Reginald Ento , arrested in Sacramento on accusations of being in possession of stolen cameras .
A DNA sample was taken without a warrant .
He , too , was never charged .
The law in question allows those not convicted of a felony to petition to have their DNA removed from the database .
Petitioners do n't become eligible until the statute of limitations runs on the crime for which they were arrested – which is often at least three years .
Prosecutors , however , have veto rights to a petition .
The lawsuit also says judges have " unreviewable " discretion to deny a petition .
Photo : hibiotech
See Also :
Same - Day Delivery is available for customers shipping to select zip codes .
Same - Day Delivery rates are different for Prime members and non-Prime customers and are outlined on this page .
Order Type Same - Day Delivery Price Prime customers - Eligible orders over $ 35 * FREE Prime customers - Orders under $ 35 ** Up to $ 2.99 per order Non-Prime customers ** $ 12.99 per order
* For more information about FREE Same - Day Delivery for Amazon Prime members , go to Order with Prime FREE Same - Day Delivery .
** Excludes Amazon Gift Cards , which are shipped for free to Prime members and priced at up to $ 3.99 per Gift Card for non-Prime members .
Note : Same - Day Delivery rates for items sold and shipped by marketplace sellers are set by the seller and may vary from the rates posted here .
For more information about Same - Day Delivery and to shop for eligible items , please go to www.amazon.com/sameday.
Ryan Deal is a social media and creative advertising lover who ’s got an eye for good design and a passion that wo n’t quit .
He runs the website TopCultured.com , which can also be found on Twitter .
It ’s nearly Halloween again and you know what that means : candy , costumes , and carving pumpkins .
This year , social media has taken the world by storm with huge acquisitions , traditional media recognition , and thanks to Twitter , news at lightning speed .
What better way to pay homage to social media than via a carved pumpkin ?
We ’ve compiled 12 great social - media - inspired pumpkins to get some ideas flowing .
Feel free to share your favorites and your own ideas in the comments below .
1. Fail Whale Pumpkin
Twitter 's frequent bouts of downtime , though less frequent in recent months , have almost become part of the expected user experience for the site , and their iconic " fail whale " has become part of pop culture .
Source : Scott B. on Flickr
2 & 3 . Firefox and IE Pumpkins
Firefox recently won our web browser faceoff against Google Chrome rather handily , so we can understand why someone would want to make a Firefox pumpkin .
But why spend time carving an Internet Explorer pumpkin ?
On the other hand , IE is pretty scary ...
Source : CyberNet News
4. Digg Pumpkins
You have to be a real fanatic to carve not just a pumpkin homage to Digg , but one that includes the likenesses of Diggnation hosts Alex Albrecht and Kevin Rose , as well .
Still , these two are very impressive , if a little creepy for their stalker qualities .
Source : Tutorialized
5. Reddit Pumpkins
Reddit 's mascot really lends itself to Halloween .
The cute little alien character looks great on a pumpkin , as these two prime examples above illustrate .
Source : Robert Balousek and inecather on Flickr
6. RSS Pumpkin
Even though some people think that RSS is dying and social media is usurping its role in the way we discover and consume news , RSS is still the dominant method that most of us use to keep on top of web site updates .
Many people use RSS without even knowing it , via personal aggregator sites like MyYahoo ! or iGoogle .
Source : jsiarto on Flickr
7. Apple Pumpkin
Apple has had one heck of a year .
They released a new phone , the iPhone 3G S that comes with a built in video camera , and then proceeded to sell 7.4 million iPhones in the last quarter .
Oh , and there are these persistent rumors that this tablet computer thing is in the works , too .
Source : RipFire on Flickr
8. Android Pumpkin
The 2.0 version of Google 's free and open source mobile operating system is on its way , and with it the Motorola Droid , which many feel will be the first phone to really potentially challenge the iPhone 's smartphone dominance .
Like Reddit's , Android 's mascot looks pretty great adorning a pumpkin .
Source : David Watson on Flickr
9. WordPress Pumpkin
WordPress won 87 % of the vote in our faceoff with TypePad for blogging platform supremacy .
' Nuff said .
Source : Eric M Martin on Flickr
10 . Plaxo Pumpkin
Plaxo has n't been in the news too much lately , but their Plaxo Pulse software remains a good social stream aggregator and content sharing platform .
Source : Plaxo on Flickr
11 . Threadless Pumpkin
It 's a great Internet success story : two guys take a couple hundred bucks and build a multi-million dollar t- shirt empire by relying on crowdsourced designs and customer voting .
And this year they launched Twitter Tees , giving us a reason to like them even more .
Source : cshimala on Flickr
12 . Obama Pumpkin
The Barack Obama campaign 's groundbreaking use of social media and the web likely helped propel him to the White House last year , and his historic inauguration broke all sorts of records on the Internet .
For those reasons , an Obama - themed pumpkin is also inherently a social media pumpkin .
Source : Darkchild
Header image courtesy of iStockphoto , Kameleon007
Law & Mediation Firm of Klueck & Hoppes , APC When Life Changes , our family lawyers Are Here to Help
Law & Mediation Firm of Klueck & Hoppes , APC is a full - service family law and divorce law firm in San Diego that is devoted to coming up with customized solutions to fit the unique needs of families .
Our firm has been serving the community since 1990 .
We have over 10 attorneys with decades of legal experience combined and we possess the skills , resources , and knowledge to handle virtually any case .
Always approachable and understanding , when a client comes to us for assistance with a family law matter , we empower our clients to make the choice that is right for them .
Get in touch with us today to speak to a devoted professional from our firm who will thoroughly assess your case , educate you on the laws surrounding your situation , and empower your choices .
If the courtroom situation calls for a battle , we will be your “ warriors ” in court !
However , we are also specially trained in alternative dispute resolution , and can help resolve your situation through negotiation , mediation , collaborative law , or cooperative divorce .
Our lawyers have also assisted many couples seeking an amicable divorce .
We offer free consultations !
Whatever your situation may entail , rest assured that our team has the tools you need to write the next chapter of your life .
Call an attorney at ( 619 ) 577-4900 to get started on the right path .
Newly Public Documents Underline Need For NSL Reform As Congress Prepares For Patriot Act Markup On Thursday
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
( 202 ) 675-2312 ; media@dcaclu.org
NEW YORK – The FBI continues to use the gag order provision of the Patriot Act 's national security letter ( NSL ) statute to suppress key information about the agency 's misuse of NSLs , according to legal documents recently made public in an American Civil Liberties Union case challenging the constitutionality of an NSL gag order .
Under the statute , the FBI can use NSLs to compel recipients , such as Internet service providers ( ISPs ) , financial institutions and libraries to turn over sensitive information about innocent clients and subscribers , and then bar them from disclosing that they even received a record demand .
According to the ACLU , by continuing to unconstitutionally enforce its five - year - old gag order on a John Doe NSL recipient and his ACLU attorneys , the FBI is suppressing key information that could help inform the ongoing congressional debate about the need to reform the NSL statute .
" The FBI 's misuse of its gag power continues to prevent NSL recipients like Doe – who have the best first - hand knowledge of the FBI 's use and abuse of NSL power – from participating in the Patriot Act debate in Congress , " said Melissa Goodman , staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project .
" The gag power has allowed the FBI to manipulate the debate , to suppress evidence of its misuse of the NSL power , and to deprive Congress and the public of important information it needs to inform whether these intrusive surveillance and gag powers should be reformed . "
The ACLU and New York Civil Liberties Union filed the lawsuit , now called Doe v. Holder , in April 2004 on behalf of an ISP that the FBI served with an NSL .
A lower court ruled in 2007 that the gag order provisions were unconstitutional , and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit upheld that ruling in 2008 .
However , the FBI continues to enforce the gag order on the ISP even though the underlying investigation is more than five years old and even though the FBI abandoned its demand for records from the ISP more than three years ago .
One of the legal documents recently made public reveals that the FBI continues to use the gag order to prohibit the disclosure of an " attachment " to the NSL Doe received that , if disclosed , would show that the FBI tried to obtain records that it was not entitled to obtain under the NSL statute .
" These documents are n't just troubling , they 're timely , " said Michael Macleod - Ball , Acting Director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
" The FBI 's abuse of the NSL gag order for its own protection further underlines the need for Patriot Act reform .
With the Senate Judiciary Committee set to mark up a bill to amend the Patriot Act bill on Thursday , we can only hope this additional evidence of NSL misuse will convince committee members to narrow this overly broad FBI power . "
The NSL statute was greatly expanded in the Patriot Act , passed hastily by Congress in the days following 9/11 .
The Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to mark up a bill that would amend the Patriot Act and the NSL statute on Thursday .
The bill , the USA PATRIOT Act Sunset Extension Act , would limit the narrow controversial statute and address other problematic provisions of the Patriot Act .
Attorneys in Doe v. Holder are Goodman , Jameel Jaffer and Larry Schwartztol of the ACLU and Arthur Eisenberg of the NYCLU .
More information about the case , including the newly public legal documents , is available online at : www.aclu.org/safefree/nationalsecurityletters/22023res20051130.html
On October 8 , 2009 about 03:00 Greenwich time , an atmospheric fireball blast was observed and recorded over an island region of Indonesia .
The blast is thought to be due to the atmospheric entry of a small asteroid about 10 meters in diameter that , due to atmospheric pressure , detonated in the atmosphere with an energy of about 50 kilotons ( the equivalent of 110 million pounds of TNT explosives ) .
The blast was recorded visually and reported upon by local media representatives .
See the YouTube video at :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yeQBzTkJNhs&videos=jkRJgbXY-90
A report from Elizabeth Silber and Peter Brown at the University of Western Ontario indicates that several international very - long wavelength infrasound detectors recorded the blast and fixed the position near the coastal city of Bone in South Sulawesi , island of Sulewesi .
They note that the blast was in the 10 to 50 kT range with the higher end of this range being more likely .
Assuming an estimated size of about 5 - 10 meters in diameter , we would expect a fireball event of this magnitude about once every 2 to 12 years on average .
As a rule , the most common types of stony asteroids would not be expected to cause ground damage unless their diameters were about 25 meters in diameter or larger .
A more extensive report by Elizabeth Silber and Peter Brown of the University of Western Ontario is here .
Despite the fact that the magnitude of anthropogenic global warming depends mostly upon the strengths of feedbacks in the climate system , there is no known way to actually measure those feedbacks from observational data .
The IPCC has admitted as much on p. 640 of the IPCC AR4 report , at the end of section 8.6 , which is entitled “ Climate Sensitivity and Feedbacks ” :
“ A number of diagnostic tests have been proposed … but few of them have been applied to a majority of the models currently in use .
Moreover , it is not yet clear which tests are critical for constraining future projections ( of warming ) .
Consequently , a set of model metrics that might be used to narrow the range of plausible climate change feedbacks and climate sensitivity has yet to be developed . ”
This is a rather amazing admission .
Of course , since these statements are lost in a sea of favorable ( but likely superfluous ) comparisons between the models and various aspects of today ’s climate system , one gets the impression that the 99 % of the IPCC ’s statements that are supportive of the climate models far outweighs the 1 % that might cast doubt .
But the central importance of feedbacks to projections of future climate makes them by far more important to policy debates than all of the ways in which model behavior might resemble the current climate system .
So , why has it been so difficult to measure feedbacks in the climate system ?
This question is not answered in the IPCC reports because , as far as I can tell , no one has bothered to dig into the reasons .
Rather unexpectedly , I have been asked to present our research results on this subject at a special session on feedbacks at the Fall AGU meeting in San Francisco in mid-December .
In that short 15 minute presentation , I hope to bring some clarity to an issue that has remained muddied for too long .
To review , the feedback measurement we are after can be defined as the amount of global average radiative change caused by a temperature change .
The main reason for the difficulty in diagnosing the true feedbacks operating in the climate system is that the above definition of feedback is NOT the same as what we can actually measure from satellites , which is the amount of radiative change accompanied by a temperature change .
The distinction is that in the real world , causation in the opposite direction as feedback also exists in the measurements .
Thus , a change in measured radiative flux results from some unknown combination of ( 1 ) temperature causing radiative changes ( feedback ) , and ( 2 ) unforced natural radiative changes causing a temperature change ( internal forcing ) .
The internal forcing does not merely add contaminating noise to the diagnosis of feedback – it causes a bias in the direction of positive feedback ( high climate sensitivity ) .
This bias exists primarily because forcing and net feedback ( including the direct increase of IR radiation with temperature ) always have opposite signs , so a misinterpretation of the sum of the two as feedback alone causes a bias .
For instance , for the global average climate system , a decrease in outgoing radiation causes an increase in global average temperature , whereas an increase in temperature must always do the opposite : cause an increase in outgoing radiation .
As a result , the presence of forcing mutes the signature of net feedback .
Similarly , the presence of feedback mutes the signature of forcing .
The effect of this partial cancellation is to result in diagnosed net feedbacks being smaller than what is actually occurring in nature , unless any forcing present is first removed from the data before estimating feedbacks .
Unfortunately , we do not know which portion of radiative variability is forcing versus feedback , and so researchers have simply ignored the issue ( if they were even aware of it ) and assumed that what they have been measuring is feedback alone .
As a result , the climate system creates the illusion of being more sensitive than it really is .
One implication of this is that it is not a sufficient test of the feedbacks in climate models to simply compare temperature changes to radiation changes .
This is because the same relationship between temperature and radiation can be caused by either strong forcing accompanied by a large feedback parameter ( which would be low climate sensitivity ) , or by weak forcing accompanied by a small feedback parameter ( which would be high climate sensitivity ) .
Only in the case of radiative forcing being either zero or constant in time – situations that never happen in the real world – can feedback be accurately estimated with current methods .
Our continuing analysis of satellite and climate model data has yet to yield a good solution to this problem .
Unforced cloud changes in the climate system not only give the illusion of positive feedback , they might also offer a potential explanation for past warming ( and cooling ) .
[ I believe these to be mostly chaotic in origin , but it also opens the door to more obscure ( and controversial ) mechanisms such as the modulation of cloud cover by cosmic ray activity . ]
But without accurate long - term measurements of global cloud cover changes , we might never know to what extent global warming is simply a manifestation of natural climate variability , or whether cloud feedbacks are positive or negative .
And without direct evidence , the IPCC can conveniently point to carbon dioxide change as the culprit .
But this explanation seems rather anthropocentric to me , since it is easier for humans to keep track of global carbon dioxide changes than cloud changes .
Also , the IPCC can conveniently ( and truthfully ) claim that the behavior of their models is broadly “ consistent with ” the observed behavior of the real climate system .
Unfortunately , this is then misinterpreted by the public , politicians , and policymakers as a claim that the amount of warming those models produce ( a direct result of feedback ) has been tested , which is not true .
As the IPCC has admitted , no one has yet figured out how to perform such a test .
And until such a test is devised , the warming estimates produced by the IPCC ’s twenty - something climate models are little more than educated guesses .
It verges on scientific malpractice that politicians and the media continue to portray the models as accurate in this regard , without any objections from the scientists who should know better .
Conservatives are complaining that President Barack Obama skates away from uproars that stung his predecessor , George W. Bush .
| POLITICO Staff
What if Bush had done that ?
A four - hour stop in New Orleans , on his way to a $ 3 million fundraiser .
Snubbing the Dalai Lama .
Advertisement
Signing off on a secret deal with drug makers .
Freezing out a TV network .
Doing more fundraisers than the last president .
More golf , too .
President Barack Obama has done all of those things — and more .
What ’s remarkable is what has n’t happened .
These episodes have n’t become metaphors for Obama ’s personal and political character — or consuming controversies that sidetracked the rest of his agenda .
It ’s a sign that the media ’s echo chamber can be a funny thing , prone to the vagaries of news judgment , and an illustration that , in politics , context is everything .
Conservatives look on with a mix of indignation and amazement and ask : Imagine the fuss if George W. Bush had done these things ?
And quickly add , with a hint of jealousy :
How does Obama get away with it ?
“ We have a joke about it .
We ’re going to start a website : IfBushHadDoneThat.com , ” former Bush counselor Ed Gillespie said .
“ The watchdogs are curled up around his feet , sleeping soundly .
...
There are countless examples : some silly , some serious . ”
Indeed , Bush got grief for secret meetings with the oil industry , politicizing the White House and spending too much time on his beloved bike .
But it ’s not just Republicans who notice .
Media observers note that the president often gets kid - glove treatment from the press , fellow Democrats and , particularly , interest groups on the left —
Bush ’s loudest critics , Obama ’s biggest backers .
But others say there ’s a larger phenomenon at work — in the story line the media wrote about Obama ’s presidency .
For Bush , the theme was that of a Big Business Republican who rode the family name to the White House , so stories about secret energy meetings and a certain laziness , intellectual and otherwise , fit neatly into the theme , to be replayed over and over again .
Obama ’s story line was more positive from the start : historic newcomer coming to shake up Washington .
So the negatives that sprung up around Obama — like a sense that he was more flash than substance — track what negative coverage he ’s received , captured in a recent “ Saturday Night Live ” skit that made fun of his lack of accomplishments in office .
“ There may well be almost an unconscious effort on the part of the media to give Obama a bit more slack because he is more likable , because he is the first African - American president .
That plays into it , ” said Sherry Bebitch Jeffe , a political analyst at the University of Southern California .
Democrats find the complaints of Obama “ getting a pass ” hard to stomach in light of the way the press treated Bush — particularly on the single biggest mistake of his presidency , relying on the faulty intelligence leading up to the war in Iraq .
Now , Obama ’s aides say , the positive coverage simply reflects the fact that their efforts are succeeding .
“ As our administration makes progress on the agenda that Washington has ignored for too long , we expect we ’ll get some news coverage of that progress that we like and some tough coverage that we don’t , ” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said .
“ It ’s not unlike the New Orleans Saints , who are getting lots of good coverage of their perfect record so far — certainly better coverage than the [ 2 - 5 ]
Redskins — but it does n’t mean the Saints have liked every story that ’s been written about them since training camp .
It goes with the territory . ”
There are signs the friendly tone toward Obama is ebbing .
Case in point : a front - page story in The New York Times noting that Obama ’s all - male basketball games drew fire from the head of the National Organization for Women , who called the games “ troubling . ”
But here are other stories in which Obama seems to have gotten a pass :
New Orleans
As a candidate , Obama railed against the Bush administration for abandoning and then neglecting the people of New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina .
He made five campaign trips to the city .
But as president , Obama waited almost nine months before visiting the Big Easy , spent less than four hours on the ground there and then jetted to San Francisco for a $ 3 million Democratic fundraiser .
“ Do n’t judge anybody on the amount of time that they ’ve spent there .
Judge only what this administration promised that they would do , what they ’ve done every day and what they ’re continuing to work on , ” press secretary Robert Gibbs said , pointing to positive reviews of the federal government ’s efforts under Obama .
For their part , Democrats ca n’t see how Bush officials can muster much umbrage over anything related to New Orleans , given how the Republican administration handled the initial response to Katrina .
Managing the press
When the Obama administration moved in recent weeks to isolate and disparage Fox News as a wing of the Republican Party , there were few immediate howls of outrage — even from Fox ’s fellow journalists in the media .
Press defenders and First Amendment advocates who jumped on the Bush administration for using military analysts to shape war coverage reacted with a yawn to the White House ’s announcement that it had deemed Fox to be not a “ legitimate news organization . ”
“ Had I said about MSNBC what the Obama White House said about Fox , the media uproar would still be going on , ” said Ari Fleischer , who served as Bush ’s press secretary until 2003 .
“ I instinctively would have known ... the media would have leapt to their feet to defend them .
I ’m shocked it ’s not happening now . ”
One press veteran agreed .
“ If George Bush had taken on MSNBC , what would have happened ? ” said Phil Bronstein , editor - at - large of the San Francisco Chronicle .
“ That ’s one place you can point to a real difference in how I ’d imagine Bush would be treated . ”
Politicizing the White House
Throughout the Bush administration , liberal critics warned that the hand of Bush political adviser Karl Rove was spreading politics into all corners of government .
Reporters were on alert for any sign that politics was infecting the work of federal agencies .
One top appointee got in hot water for allegedly asking agency officials to work to “ help our candidates ” across the country .
So some Bush aides went nearly apoplectic earlier this month when they spotted Gibbs and Obama ’s political guru , David Axelrod , in photos of a Situation Room meeting on Afghanistan policy .
“ Oh , the howling and screaming that would have happened if Karl Rove was sitting in on even a deputies - level meeting where strategy was being hammered out .
People would have just gone ballistic , ” said Peter Feaver , a former White House aide for both Bush and Bill Clinton .
Also , in about nine months , Obama has already attended more than two dozen fundraising events , while Bush did only six in his first year in office , according to a tally by CBS ’s Mark Knoller .
Gibbs said Obama had to do more to raise a similar amount of money , since the kinds of soft - money fundraisers Bush did early on were banned .
“ This president ... does n’t accept money from PACs or lobbyists and does n’t allow lobbyists to give at fundraisers that he ’s at , as well , ” Gibbs added .
Dealing with business , in secret
Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney endured years of criticism and lawsuits that stretched all the way to the Supreme Court over secret meetings Cheney ’s Energy Task Force held with oil and gas companies .
When the policy emerged , critics said Cheney was carrying water for the industry .
Obama pledged to hash out health care reform live on C - SPAN and excoriated Bush for kowtowing to the drug industry .
But aides signed off on the drug industry ’s agreement to find $ 80 billion in savings to support reform .
However , Obama aides did n’t disclose that the agreement involved the White House promising that current health legislation would n’t include further cuts or give the government the right to negotiate over drug prices .
Toning down human rights
During the campaign , Obama talked tough on China .
While candidate Obama pushed Bush to take a hard line , President Obama has n’t .
Hoping to win China ’s help on Iran and North Korea , Obama skipped a meeting with the Dalai Lama and said little when China undertook a violent crackdown in its largely Muslim Xinjiang region .
The White House has pledged to meet with the Dalai Lama later .
And while candidate Obama warned Bush against a “ reckless and cynical initiative [ that ] would reward a regime in Khartoum that has a record of failing to live up to its commitments , ” President Obama ’s envoy to Sudan , Scott Gration , seemed to lay out a similar incentive - driven approach .
“ We ’ve got to think about giving out cookies , ” said Gration .
“ Kids , countries — they react to gold stars , smiley faces , handshakes , agreements , talk , engagement . ”
The White House backed away from Gration ’s characterization of the strategy but did recently lay out a strategy of engaging with the Sudanese regime .
Traveling and recreating
In his campaign and as president , Bush was mocked for a lack of interest in all things foreign — seven minutes touring the Kremlin , 25 minutes at the Great Wall of China , before declaring , “ Let ’s go home . ”
During a trip to Europe in June , Obama chastised German and French reporters for suggesting that he was snubbing those countries by making only brief stops in each .
“ There are only 24 hours in the day .
And so there ’s nothing to any of that speculation beyond us just trying to fit in what we could do on such a short trip , ” he told reporters in Germany .
But after taking his wife out for an attention - grabbing date night , Obama promptly jetted back to Washington .
Within about 90 minutes of arriving at the White House , the tightly scheduled president was on the move again — headed to Andrews Air Force Base to play nine holes of golf .
Debate on this story in POLITICO 's Arena .
Video : Rethinking space weather
Electron disturbances in the upper atmosphere .
Terrestrial weather as well as solar activity may be exerting an influence on this region .
( Image : NASA / GSF )
WHETHER it ’s showering spacecraft with lethal radiation , filling the sky with ghostly light , or causing electrical surges that black - out entire cities , space weather is a force to be reckoned with .
Thankfully , all is calm in space on the day that I speak to Bill Murtagh at the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Boulder , Colorado .
“ Last week we saw a moderate storm , and that was about the most interesting event in months , ” he reassures me .
“ It ’s pretty quiet today . ”
And Murtagh should know – his job is to forecast space weather , which comprises any disturbance in near - Earth space , including the upper reaches of the Earth ’s atmosphere where satellites roam .
Many of the serious events involve disturbances in the charged portion of the atmosphere , known as the ionosphere , which stretches from 80 to 1000 kilometres above sea level .
The finger of blame has always been pointed at the sun , which bombards the Earth with a stream of charged particles in the form of the solar wind .
During the last three years , though , the sun ’s cycle of activity has hit a trough , and as Murtagh observes , space weather is temporarily calm .
Yet if the sun really is the only cause , things have n’t been quite as quiet as we might have expected .
Despite the solar lull , activity in the ionosphere still hots up occasionally – with ghostly tides of charged particles that throw GPS systems out of whack and block radio communication .
It seems that as much as one - fifth of this space …
In the middle of the H1N1 influenza epidemic , Kellogg is marketing Cocoa Krispies , Froot Loops and other sugary cereals with claims on the box that the cereal " now helps support your child 's immunity . "
The word " immunity " is printed on the box in a huge font , almost as big as the name of the cereal .
San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera wrote a letter to Kellogg 's CEO demanding evidence that the cereals really do help support children 's immunity .
Herrera points out that the company is playing to public fears about the H1N1 flu epidemic , saying " The immunity claims may also mislead parents into believing that service this sugary cereal will actually boost their child 's immunity ... "
Kellogg argues that critics of its immunity campaign are wrong , pointing out that the cereals contain increased amounts of vitamins A , C and E , which play a role in the immune system , and saying that " Kellogg developed this product in response to consumers expressing a need for more positive nutrition . "
Marion Nestle , a nutrition professor at New York University , author of Food Politics and other books about the food industry and nutrition , says , " The idea that eating Cocoa Krispies will keep a kid from getting swine flu , or from catching a cold , does n't make sense .
Yes , these nutrients are involved in immunity , but I can't think of a nutrient that is n't involved in the immune system . "
Professor Nestle wrote to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration protesting Kellogg 's claims in August , but has n't heard back , and FDA official are not permitted to discuss specific cases under consideration .
Yes , Bill O'Reilly , it really is a crappy thing when major public figures -- or pissant ankle - biters -- can outrageously smear other public figures as " racist " and do so with impunity and repeatedly .
That 's what BillO was on about last night , anyway .
But no , he was n't talking about Sonia Sotomayor .
She 's just a minor figure , after all .
O'Reilly was talking about his own august self .
Of course .
It was really quite the stomach - churning whinefest .
He started off ranting that " my civil rights " and " my rights as an American " had been violated because he 's been branded a " racist " on numerous occasions , which he claims is " libel . "
Then he indulged one of his periodic bully - the - women routines ( " My rights were violated here ! " ) , where he had on two female lawyers who proceeded to explain to him that he was full of crap .
This , of course , did not sit well with O'Reilly , who ended up shaking his finger at them and accusing them of enabling the destruction of America .
Along the way , he managed to emit some momentous howlers :
If I were a minority , they could n't do this to me .
You know it .
You know it , Tonia .
If I were African - American like you are , and they started to do all this kind of stuff , I could kill 'em .
And that 's my point now .
White Americans , Miss California , their rights are being violated , at least the spirit of their rights , by these unbelievable attacks , personal attacks .
...
They 're attacking people who disagree with them in very personal ways .
That 's what they 're doing .
Do n't dodge it .
Then , when they pointed out that the same could be said of his own behavior , he flew into a barely contained rage :
Wait a minute !
Hold it !
Tonia , keep quiet .
I do n't dish it out , madam .
I do n't do that stuff .
Do n't sit here and say I do .
...
We do n't do that here .
Ever .
And then , at the end of the show ?
His usual segment of " Pinheads and Patriots . "
The " Pinheads " segment featured Barbra Streisand :
On the Pinhead front , Barbra Streisand 's gonna write a book -- about design .
It 's gonna tell us all about her mansion in Malibu .
I just can't wait for that , can you ?
No truth to the rumor she 'll be concentrating on designs in ... Red Square !
That , of course , is only a sampling of the nonstop flow of " attacking people who disagree with them in very personal ways " on The O'Reilly Factor .
Indeed , his whole show is built around it .
Every single night on his show , O'Reilly demonizes liberals .
It 's what he does .
His critics are all " far - left loons " and " haters " who he himself has compared on a regular basis to Nazis and the Klan .
Guess he does n't much care for it when the shoe 's on the other foot .
Especially when , as in the case of Joanne Ostrow of the Denver Post -- who O'Reilly claims " libeled " him as a racist for noting that he was indeed spewing racist bile during that infamous dust - up with Geraldo Rivera -- there 's more than abundant evidence to back up her charges .
There 's a reason O'Reilly has n't filed a libel suit , and it's not merely because he 's a public figure .
The crazy thing about this is :
Not only have O'Reilly 's " rights " not been violated , but he is doing to Charlize Theron and Joanne Ostrow and the L.A. Times '
Ann Powers ( who also recently criticized him ) and all of the countless parade of targets who populate his newscasts every night exactly the thing he is accusing them of doing .
He 's trying to shut them up .
By claiming they 're trying to shut him up .
And it is n't hard to figure out who started the to - and - fro in the first place .
What set him off , apparently , was this remark from Charlize Theron in response to the Prop 8 ruling :
I do n't agree with homophobia or discrimination of any kind .
I will continue to fight this fight for equality and speak up for the basic civil rights of all Americans .
O'Reilly asks :
" Does that include the rights of Americans who sincerely do not believe in gay marriage the right NOT to be called homophobes ? "
Sorry , Bill , but no such " right " exists .
Otherwise , there would be a similar " right " not to be called a " pinhead " or " Nazis " by Bill O'Reilly .
And trying to claim that it does exist is in fact every bit as much an attempt to suppress the free - speech rights of the people Bill O'Reilly is criticizing .
In case you missed them the first time around , our most - viewed home galleries for the last three months :
No .
1 : The Sleeper family 's cave dwelling .
No .
2 : Assembledge 's indoor - outdoor modern manse in the hills .
No .
3 : Former " Design on a Dime " star Kristan Cunningham 's DIY digs in Venice .
No .
4 : " Tiny Houses , " Mimi Zeiger 's look at homes smaller than 1,000 square feet .
No .
5 : Case Study House No. 22 , the most famous house you may not really know .
Times staff writer Barbara Thornburg 's story about the house 's construction , including the never - before - published revelation that credit for the design may not lie completely with architect Pierre Koenig , was the most - read article from the last three months .
-- Craig Nakano
Credits , from left :
The Sleeper cave house by Ann Summa ; Assembledge house by Michael Weschler ; Kristan Cunningham 's front door by Christina House / For The Times ; a tiny house by Neeson Murcut Architects , photographed by Brett Boardman ; Case Study House No. 22 by Julius Shulman Photography Archive / J. Paul Getty Trust .
( CNN ) --
The United States will withdraw another 4,000 troops in Iraq by the end of October , the U.S. military commander in Iraq said in prepared testimony for a congressional hearing Wednesday .
The top military commander in Iraq says the U.S. is on track to end its combat mission in Iraq by next year .
U.S. Gen . Ray Odierno is expected to tell the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee that there has been a significant drop in violence in Iraq recently , according to the statement obtained by CNN .
President Obama has said the U.S. combat mission in Iraq will end by August 31 , 2010 .
Obama also said he plans to keep a range of 35,000 to 50,000 support troops on the ground in Iraq after combat troops are out .
" We have approximately 124,000 troops and 11 Combat Teams operating in Iraq today .
By the end of October , I believe we will be down to 120,000 troops in Iraq , " Odierno said in the remarks .
Odierno said statistics show violence has dropped in Iraq .
" Overall attacks have decreased 85 percent over the past two years from 4,064 in August 2007 to 594 in August 2009 , with 563 in September so far , " Odierno said .
" In that same time period , U.S. military deaths have decreased by 93 percent , Iraqi Security Force deaths have decreased 79 percent . "
Odierno said there were still security questions .
" Although security is improving , it is not yet enduring .
There still remain underlying , unresolved sources of potential conflict , " Odierno said .
Odierno pointed to the August 19 bombings in Baghdad that targeted the Ministries of Finance and Foreign Affairs that killed more than 100 people as an example of ongoing challenges in Iraq .
However , Odierno gave a vote of confidence to the Iraqi forces who had taken over security for Baghdad after U.S. forces handed over control .
" The Iraqis wanted to be in charge ; they wanted the responsibilities ; and they have demonstrated that they are capable , " he said .
All About Iraq War
Customers of several banks and at least one credit union in southeastern Wisconsin are being targeted by ' vishing ' thieves - callers who try to trick people into giving them confidential financial information over the telephone .
Citizens Bank of Mukwonago , Park Bank in Milwaukee , Burlington 's First Banking Center , Maritime Savings Bank and Educators Credit Union are among area financial institutions that have reported such calls since Saturday , said Debby Bartolerio , security officer for Citizens Bank of Mukwonago .
The calls are catching people off guard because they are coming on their cell phones , she said .
The automated caller leaves a message on phones in the 414 and 262 area codes claiming to be from a financial institution 's security department and warning that the customer 's debit card has been compromised .
It then prompts customers to reveal their account information .
' They are continuing , ' Bartolerio said Wednesday .
' I had a customer call me this morning saying she received one last night at 10:30 . '
Bartolerio said she was unaware so far of anyone 's information being used by the scammers for fraudulent activity .
' One of our customers did follow the initial instruction and press 1 and enter her debit card number .
She was then asked to confirm it and starting thinking better of it and hung up and then immediately called and closed her card .
So we have n't suffered any losses that we 're aware of at this time , although I 'm not sure we would know yet , ' Bartolerio said .
The vishing scam is similar to Internet ' phishing ' attacks in which thieves send out authentic - looking e-mails telling people there 's been a problem with a financial account and that they should submit confidential information online to help resolve it .
The 'v' in vishing stands for the word voice .
The data then is used by scammers to tap bank accounts or make online purchases .
The technology - savvy thieves mask their identities and are very difficult for authorities to catch .
Bartolerio said that in the current scam , caller ID typically shows the call coming from an ' unknown ' number .
' The information that I 'm receiving is that it's an auto - dialer - that it's an automated voice that says your debit card or your credit union debit card has been suspended due to fraudulent activity , press 1 to reactivate your account , ' Bartolerio said .
The Wisconsin Bankers Association said no bank , credit union or legitimate business would call and request that a customer verify personal information such as PINs , account and card numbers or Social Security numbers over the phone .
The bankers group said people can protect themselves when they get such calls by not responding immediately , and thinking first about why the bank would need information it already has .
Customers targeted by such scams should call the financial institution at the number listed in the phone book or on their monthly statement - not at a number provided by a caller .
' Most people have just hung up , although if they thought it was a legitimate call , I 'm not sure they'd be reporting it to us yet , ' Bartolerio said .
' Which is why I think it 's important it gets out in the media - so they do call us . '
The fraudulent calls can sound convincing and prey on people 's tendency to act quickly to help resolve the issue .
Two years ago over Thanksgiving weekend , a vishing campaign eventually traced to thieves in Spain placed about 40,000 calls in Manitowoc County and persuaded some customers of Manitowoc - based Bank First National to give up private data that allowed their accounts to be tapped .
Blocking vishing
No bank , credit union or legitimate business would call and request that a customer verify personal information such as PINs , account and card numbers or Social Security numbers over the phone .
People can protect themselves when they get such calls by not responding immediately .
Customers should call the financial institution at the number listed in the phone book or on their monthly statement - not at a number provided by a caller .
Source : Wisconsin Bankers Association
The not - for - profit event , which has been renamed " Generic Wizard Night " , was to have a menu of dandelion wine , pumpkin soup and Dumbledore 's favourite - mint humbugs .
Guests would have been led down ' Diagon Alley ' by the side of the house and been met by a portrait of the " Fat Lady " who would have demanded a password before they could be let in .
Does health - care reform do enough on cost control ?
Jon Gruber is a health economist at MIT .
But that understates his influence in the field .
He was one of the architects of the Massachusetts reforms .
In 2005 , he was elected a member of the Institute of Medicine .
In 2006 , he received the American Society of Health Economists Inaugural Medal for the best health economist in the nation aged 40 and under .
He 's unabashedly pro-reform , but he 's from the camp of reformers that worry incessantly about the economics of the plan .
So I asked him :
Are the economics of the plan sound ?
Does this bill bend the proverbial cost curve ?
One confusion we 've had is between lowering the level of costs and bending the curve .
The difference is the following : Let 's say I had a magic Newt Gingrich pill that got rid of all fraud and waste and abuse in health - care spending tomorrow .
Let 's say that dropped health - care costs by 12 percent .
With health - care costs going up by 8 percent a year , we 're back where we were in a year and a half .
If health - care costs were going to bankrupt us in 100 years , now it 's 101 years .
What we need to do is to have health - care costs stop growing at GDP plus three percentage points and move them to GDP or GDP plus one percent .
We do n't need to do it today or tomorrow or even in the next decade .
But we need to do it .
That does n't mean the level stuff is n't incredibly important .
Lowering health - care costs by 7 percent would be $ 150 billion in consumer 's pockets .
But for our ultimate fiscal burden , it 's about getting the growth down .
And does it ?
What we know for sure the bill will do is that it will lower the cost of buying non-group health insurance .
We know the Senate bill will significantly reduce the amount of money employers spend on health - care insurance for so - called " Cadillac " plans and increase the amount they spend on wages .
The Joint Committee on Taxation 's numbers show that workers will make $ 300 billion more in wages due to the Cadillac Tax .
By 2019 , it 's $ 1,000 per household .
If you think of the social cost of this bill it 's well below $ 900 billion .
If we could collect in tax revenues all the dollars in savings and new wages that people will get because of this bill , it would bring the cost well below $ 900 billion .
Is that enough long - term ?
In terms of the curve , I think that here there is more uncertainty .
We know we will be closer to bending the curve with this bill than without it .
But we can't promise this bill alone will bend the curve .
This bill moves us towards that .
First is the Cadillac tax .
Then comes more research on comparative effectiveness .
We need to be able to stop paying for things that do n't work .
This bill does n't do that , but it sets us up to have the information to do that .
Then there 's MedPAC on steroids .
You need someone with the political ability to set rates to controls costs .
Finally , this bill has pilot programs for a lot of things that we think will control costs , but that have n't been proven .
Things like accountable care organizations , bundling and all the rest .
We 're at the stage where we know in theory what to do .
But we do n't quite know how to set it up , so we 're collecting that evidence .
I think this is as much as you can do politically .
It 's as much as you can do without sinking the whole bill , which is what happened to every other health - care reform .
It 's a lot more than what Massachusetts did .
One of the peculiarities of the bill is that it actually " does " coverage .
If the bill succeeds , then pretty much every American will have insurance .
But it really only starts cost control .
Coverage is more of an event .
Cost control seems more like a process .
That 's exactly right .
We know what happens if we do n't do this .
The science of coverage is ahead of the science of cost control .
We know how to do coverage .
But we do n't know how to bend the curve with research yet .
Are we going to hold 46 million uninsured Americans hostage to figuring that out ?
My view is , even if the bill did no cost control it would be an incredible thing for this country .
But politically , it sets the stage for cost control in two senses .
First , it puts in place all the things we can do now .
It does comparative effectiveness and pilots and all the rest .
But second , once you get coverage off the table , the conversation gets more focused on cost control .
That 's also because the people who mainly care about coverage now have something they need to protect from health - care costs , right ?
If costs are n't controlled , you can't keep the coverage .
The same thing happened in Massachusetts .
We passed our bill .
The lobbying group Health Care for All was incredibly important in that .
But they were primarily about coverage .
But then they realized that they would lose all this coverage they 'd gained if it did n't control costs .
So they got behind real cost - control measures .
A global budget , even .
People say you can't do coverage without cost control .
I think it 's the opposite .
You can't do cost control before coverage .
We would do a huge amount for the cause of cost control just by covering people .
Are we doing the right cost control , though ?
For instance : America pays more than any other country for medical goods and services .
And we 're really not doing anything to equalize that .
You 're asking two different questions .
One is are we doing enough ?
Well , relative to what ?
Relative to a world where we can do whatever we want ?
No , we 're not .
Relative to what I thought was politically possible ?
We 're doing more than we ever hoped .
As for whether this is the right thing to do , I 'm not a big price guy .
I 'm a guy who thinks the problem is we treat people too intensely .
And this bill goes towards that approach .
One of my frustrations with the cost - control discussion is that people set this up like a choice between this bill and a bill with more cost control .
In reality , it seems more like a choice between this bill and nothing .
And this bill does a lot more cost control than nothing .
Here 's how I think about this :
Do you know Pascal 's wager ?
Why not believe in God ?
I think of health - care reform similarly .
We do n't know if we 'll really bend the cost curve .
But if we do this and we do n't do anything , we still go bankrupt in 100 years .
We do n't lose much .
But if we do it and it works , then it 's a savior .
It also moves the conversation on cost control in a way that 's impossible without this bill .
It does real things on cost control , and then it does real things to make cost control more politically viable .
It lays the groundwork for doing more .
To kill this bill for not doing enough on cost control would be like criticizing the Yankees for not winning the Super Bowl .
They won the World Series !
They did what they could do !
Photo credit : MIT
Deep Magazine , the free Central California coast surfing magazine recently celebrated their second anniversary and released their September / October 2009 issue .
This Deep Magazine offers the following stories :
The 2009 Surfboard Buyers Guide
An interview with 14 year - old NSSA Nationals Women Open winner , Lakey Peterson
A Ventura County – Santa Barbara County and San Luis Obispo County surfboard shapers symposium – a look into the 2009 surfboard designs of Dennis Ryder , Jason Feist and Gabriel Loyd
An interview with surfing aerial pioneer Davey Smith and his shredding son , Brandon Smith
A surf trip to Sweden
Who Scored the Cover ? – Sean Tully putting the toes on the nose .
Must Read Article – Paddling for Gaviota – A story of two surfers , Chadd Konig and Nole Cossart , paddling from Santa Barbara to Baja Mexico to raise awareness about protecting the Gaviota Coast .
Check Save Naples for more information .
Best Advertisement – A Quiksilver Cypher wetsuit advertisement featuring Dane Reynolds completely inverted .
You can find Deep Magazine all over Santa Barbara , Ventura and San Luis Obispo or check them out online .
Although prominent tech research firm Gartner recently reported that Windows 7 is " not a major architectural release , " it suggests the imminent expiry of Windows XP should push most businesses to upgrade to the new operating system ( OS ) within the next two years .
In an October 13th presentation discussing the impact of Microsoft 's upcoming Windows 7 ( due for release October 22nd ) , research firm Gartner remarked that Windows 7 is " not a major architectural release , " but instead more of an improvement " on top of Windows Vista 's architectural changes . "
In other words , Windows 7 will not revolutionize the modern operating system , but is intended to address the many issues that plagued Vista 's short period of existence .
XP Support to Cease by 2011
It 's not all bad news for Microsoft and those anxiously awaiting the Win 7 launch parties : Gartner admits that Windows 7 will probably have a much more significant impact than Windows Vista , primarily because of the impending expiration of support for Windows XP .
That 's expected to come to pass sometime around the end of 2011 , when independent software vendors cease supporting the XP OS .
Gartner believes this should nudge most businesses towards Windows 7 sometime before then .
" Typically , more than half [ of ] organization 's apps require Windows , " said Gartner analysts Michael Silver and Stephen Kleynhans .
" Replacing it is not an option . " ( Source : eweek.com )
It 's expected businesses who have n't made the upgrade will enter the " XP danger zone " by the end of 2012 , when applications and systems need maintenance but there 's no support from Microsoft .
Recession May Impact Deployment
Gartner 's suggestion for businesses : stop using XP before then .
Eliminate its infrastructure and make the upgrade to Windows 7 before 2011 .
Businesses already deploying Vista should continue to do so and upgrade to Windows 7 in 2011 .
It 's not yet certain if businesses will follow this advice , however .
Some predict that the recession , even if it is over , could force conservative firms to delay any software upgrades until at least 2011 , maybe later .
As for home users , early reviews of Windows 7 suggest it's an impressive step - up from Vista and XP and worth a few extra bucks if buying a new PC -- but it might not be worth paying $ 120 or more for the full - fledged upgrade .
( Source : google.com )
The following letter , from Ernest Glitch of Weardale to Michael Faraday , indicates the demonstration of a nitrogen TEA ( Transversely Excited , Atmospheric pressure ) laser , using air as the lasing medium .
This occured in Victorian England over a century before Maiman`s ruby laser or Javan`s helium - neon laser .
First day of June , 1856 .
Glitch Manor , Weardale .
My Dear Faraday , I would like to expound to you a phenomenon of singular curiosity , apparent during investigations into expanding the electrical spark .
It affords me little joy as my discovery took the sight from Hodges right eye and I have had to dismiss him .
As my last correspondence indicated , I have surmised that the experiments are deleterious to poor Hodges , his health having sharply deteriorated due , I think , to the quicksilver effluvia he breathed during leyden phial silvering .
The leyden battery is now complete !
What a detonation is delivered after charging for some time !
I had Hodges place a ball of box - wood in the path of the spark ( at point " c " on my hastily drawn diagram ) and it illuminated the whole room , making it appear of a beautiful crimson , or rather fine scarlet colour .
The box - wood ball was thrown into atoms , and Hodges narrowly escaped injury .
But it is not with the Leyden battery , but with more modest storage of electrical fluid , with which my most peculiar discovery was uncovered .
As you well know Faraday , my collection of minerals is second only to that of Ramsey .
I have recently obtained , from my contact in the Urals , a large plate of muscovite mica .
It is a fine crystal of the hexagonal tabular form an inch thick and just shy of a foot between the faces .
I had Hodges cleave some particularly fine sheets and , on a whim , instructed that a laminae be placed between the discharging brasses .
The laminae being of such a thinness , I expected the discharge to rend the mica to flakes .
Of this phenomenon there was no sign .
I concluded that perhaps the influence machine was faulty .
Signalling Hodges to stop turning the machine , I nearly caused a mischief upon myself .
I was about to remove the mica when Maud the maid brought in my afternoon tea .
What a fortuitous occurence !
Instead of your sincere friend and present scribe , Hodges received the full discharge of 125 square feet .
He was thrown , with mica in hand , at least twelve feet into the walnut Chippendale cabinet I bought during my last visit to London .
Although completely insenseless , his grip on the mica sheet was of a peculiar nature , flexing it in a spasmodic and alarming way .
However the laminae ( and cabinet ) were fortunately undamaged , and a month later when Hodges ' arm had recovered sufficiently for turning the machine , I again demonstrated the qualities of vitreous strength inherent with mica .
As an interesting sidenote , Hodges has sustained peculiar fern like scarring and ramifications on his skin where he touched the prime discharge brass .
I have endeavored to draw these for you Faraday , please forgive the penmanship .
Hodges` hand was still smoking when I started the sketch , I hurried somewhat , as he was pleading to go to the horse doctor .
My measurements show that the vitreous strength of mica to be some 10 times that of Venetian glass .
I next instructed Hodges make up some finely polished hexagons from the brass I obtained from Barkers of Gateshead .
I overheard poor Hodges complaining bitterly to Maud the maid about the numbness in his hand , and so didn`t remonstrate him too much about the quality of these conductors .
You know as well as I do Faraday , smooth rounded curves prevent the escape of the electrical fluid , and Hodges ' efforts were ragged .
Young of Alston trued up the hexagons .
He is a fine metal worker .
I think the 20 mile walk to Alston did Hodges the world of good , the fresh air flushing mercurial effluvations from his system .
With the hexagonal conductors and the cleaved mica , I assembled a pair of flat leyden plate reservoirs .
I`ve drawn the arrangement I`m using to expand the electric spark .
Sensing a shirker as well as you can Faraday , I took over turning the machine and with some merriment demanded he take observations of the expanded spark .
The dolt actually had the audacity to assume a proprietorial stance next to the plates , Faraday !
I had to stifle my amusement as he looked , not directly down onto gap but along it`s axis .
How imbecilic I thought , as I cranked the machine .
I had been observing the gap from above to record the position of sparking and glow and Hodges would see nothing of value looking along the axis .
How wrong Faraday !
When the prime started sparking over , Hodges emitted a scream the like of which I hadn`t heard since his scrotum was burned off during my experiment with fluorine gas last year .
Hodges staggered back from the plates , covering his right eye and uttering blasphemities which would have themselves led to his dismissal , even had he not been blinded .
But what had happened Faraday ?
Again , my love of natures crystals enters the story .
I have some outstanding green fluorspar from Heights mine in weardale .
I believe I showed you a crystal on my last visit ?
A cube of extraordinary beauty , 3 inches to a side , water clear of a deep green apple hue is my favourite .
It glows an uncanny purple in sunlight .
I`d previously determined that the light from a spark similarly caused this mineral to glow .
Introducing the crystal along from the axis of the gap , in the same position as Hodges orbit had been , caused a sight I`ll never forget .
Tearful , because of Hodges departure , Maud sweated as she turned the great influence machine , and almost distracted me .
More stunning than an auroral display , more unexpected than a winter bloom , the crystal veritably illuminated with violet light !
Faraday , I tell you , this observation is of some singular importance , the crystal will brightly glow , concentrated at one point , even when removed from the apparatus by several feet , but only when exactly in line with the gap !
I think that some form of electrical effluvia is produced from the expanded spark , which travels like an invisible sunbeam until its effects are known through the juxtaposition of fluorspar or an assistants eye .
I urge you to try these experiments Faraday , should you find the time .
( note )
At this point I must admonish you Faraday .
My son Rupert received a package from you for his tenth birthday last month .
A book .
I must admit I looked over " The Young Mans Book of Amusement " , to ensure its suitability for Rupert .
Some time ago a raffish acquaintance of mine , from the Stockton Gentlemans Nitrous Club , gave him some anatomical line drawings of highly questionable nature .
I therefore requested that Rupert hand me the book .
Upon cursory examination , the book appeared to be harmless - its first little amusement being the preparation of edible candles .
I let Rupert have your gift Faraday , but I remember being suspicious about the glee with which he received it .
I have re-examined the book now , after the south pasture eruption ( of which more later ) .
I now note it is a book without an author .
Suspicious to say the least .
Its innocuous first page is , I now realise , mearly a ruse - a camouflage - as it is directly followed by various preparations of fulminating concoctions .
It is , I must say , a thoroughly interesting book , but to someone like Rupert , a potential Armageddon of chemical and electrical mayhem is likely .
As well you know Faraday , my son is highly resourceful .
He and Hodges` son had contrived to order and have delivered one tonne each of iron filings and flowers of sulphur .
In my name and without my knowledge .
This must have been a week after receiving " The Young Mans Book of Amusement " .
The first inkling I had that mischief was afoot was a strong sulphurous smell , occasionally wafting in the breeze from the south pasture .
Later that day , Hodges arrived in my lab with Maud the maid .
Both were in a dreadful funk .
Hodges exclaiming that a volcano was erupting in the south pasture , Maud maintaining that the devil himself had arrived .
My first thought was that the pair of them had been at my Indian hemp plantation again , however this would not have accounted for Maud`s clothing , which appeared to have large monoclinic sulphur crystals attached to the posterior regions .
Upon arrival in the south pasture , I had to agree with them .
It looked like an abomination of Lucifer .
A carbuncle of perhaps twenty feet had risen from the pasture .
The earth itself was riven , clods of earth and grass thrown aside , a hellish red glow emanating from deep fissures .
Jets of steam and sulphurous gases noisily blew from its centre .
Blue flames licked around the vents of the numerous fumeroles .
Red liquid sulphur spilled from within , collecting and crystallising in yellow pools at our feet .
Faraday , I was shocked .
Rupert arrived with Hodges son , and the look upon their faces spoke volumes .
Rupert sheepishly handed me his book , opened to page 85 .
more on artificial volcanism
What I read calmed my nerves ( I had faced the prospect of losing my property to volcanism ) and calmed my intellect ( my geological knowledge being at a loss to account for modern volcanism in Weardale ) .
Needless to say , I have confiscated " The Young Mans Book of Amusement " .
I must admit I have been greatly entertained by it since then , do you perchance know of its author , Faraday ?
Some parts of the book are written in a style of prose which bares an uncanny resemblance to your own !
Please find within the accompanying package a solidified volcanic bomb , composed of the sulphide of iron .
I remain your respectful servant and friend ,
P.S. Did you receive the drawings of my centrifugally disposed galvanic engine ?
If so , I`m sure you will agree that its principals of operation are easily explained by your electrical theories .
Using diamond bearings and quicksilver interruptors , I have increased its speed of revolution .
Measurements using a geared , rotating octagonal prism ( ground and silvered by Hodges ) show the engine revolves some two millions , one hundred and sixty thousand times in the hour .
The noise it makes is unbearable Faraday !
Hodges was deaf for a week after its last operation .
I cannot , for the life of me , conceive a use for this electrical abomination .
P.P.S. Upon reading this letter , I can not but feel some measure of loss now that Hodges has gone .
I know you were fond of his uneducated intellect .
However , his injuries , together with the foul language , and also the incident involving Maud and my Siberian tiger skin rug ; they all led to his dismissal .
I had heard that he was on his way to Newcastle town moor .
I wish the blighter well .
E.G .
Readers interested in the work of Ernest Glitch are referred to further
letters and accounts of this Victorian Experimentalist , in The Chronicles
Copyright © 2002 Roger Curry
All Rights Reserved
# 904758 +( 2478 ) - [ X ] < RetardedMonkey >
How would you pronounce this child 's name ?
< RetardedMonkey >
She spells her name ..... " Le - a "
< RetardedMonkey >
This child attends a school in Livingston Parish , LA ..
< RetardedMonkey >
Her mother is irate because everyone is getting her name wrong .
< RetardedMonkey >
She says it 's pronounced .................
< RetardedMonkey > " Ledasha "
< RetardedMonkey >
When the Mother was asked how in the world did she figured it should be pronounced that way ....... she said ....
< RetardedMonkey > ..." cause the dash do n't be silent ! "
< RetardedMonkey >
English language is gone forever
Commanders retreat from effort to ban journalists from publishing photos or video of troops killed in action .
New DOD photo rules prompt outcry
U.S. military commanders in Afghanistan are retreating somewhat from an effort to ban embedded journalists from publishing photos or video of American soldiers killed in action there , according to ground rules issued Thursday .
But the new limitations on embeds – put in place after a flap between the Pentagon and the Associated Press over a photo of a wounded soldier - have elicited deep concerns from military journalists and press advocates .
Advertisement
" It 's punishment for war photographers .
They 're saying if you want access , you have to play by our rules .
And our rules are this — the public will NOT see dead U.S. soldiers , " the executive director of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , Lucy Dalglish , said in an email .
" For thorough reporting on Afghanistan , I guess we 're just going to have to rely on unembedded reporters running around on their own — posing a danger to themselves as well as the troops they 're trying to cover .
It 's a trade - off .
It 's very unfortunate . "
Ground rules issued Sept. 15 by the U.S. military 's regional command for Eastern Afghanistan imposed a strict ban on any imagery of American personnel killed in the fight .
" Media will not be allowed to photograph or record video of U.S. personnel killed in action , " the earlier rules said .
However , after inquiries and protests from news organizations and journalism groups , the command based at Bagram Air Base near Kabul modified the policy on Thursday .
" Media will not be prohibited from viewing or filming casualties ; however , casualty photographs showing recognizable face , nametag or other identifying feature or item will not be published , " the new rules declare .
" This change better synchronizes [ our ] ground rules with those of our higher headquarters , " a statement issued by the military public affairs office at Bagram said .
Military officials told POLITICO earlier Thursday that the no-KIA - photos policy was under review at the U.S. Central Command in Tampa , Fla .
The rules issued Thursday are at least the third revision to the embed policy since mid-September .
The photo ban appears to have been put in place just days after Defense Secretary Robert Gates chastised the AP for what he called an " appalling " decision to publish a photo of a wounded 21 - year - old soldier who later died , Lance Cpl. Joshua Bernard .
" Why your organization would purposefully defy the family 's wishes knowing full well that it will lead to yet more anguish is beyond me , " Gates wrote in a letter to the AP .
" The issue here is not law , policy or constitutional right — but judgment and common decency , " said Gat
Photographers who have embedded with U.S. forces in Afghanistan since the beginning of the war there in 2001 said they did not face any explicit restrictions on photographing soldiers killed in action .
The concession in the latest ground rules allowing photographs of unidentifiable war dead did n't do much to assuage critics of the military 's restrictions on reporting .
" The question has to be asked : are you trying to censor this war ? " asked Carl Prine , a military reporter for the Pittsburgh - Tribune Review .
" We ’ve been doing this for eight years now — eight years , and now you 're trying to change it ? "
Prine said he was baffled by the demands for privacy in war .
" If an American soldier dies in a car accident in the U.S. , you can photograph him , but in Afghanistan you can 't ?….
If there 's one place no expects privacy , it ’s on the battlefield . "
Asked about the latest revision , Prine said : " Still unacceptable .
Do n't honor it . "
A military spokesman at Bagram noted that the rules apply only to those on official embeds with U.S. forces .
" Media have multiple ways to cover the war in Afghanistan and embedding is only one of the choices available , " Master Sgt. Thomas Clementson wrote .
" Embedding is a reporter 's choice and .... embedded access does come with some limitations . "
John Montgomery Ward was inducted into the Major League Baseball Hall of Fame in 1964 .
He debuted with the Providence Grays on July 15 , 1878 , as a pitcher .
He won 164 career games with a 2.15 ERA .
He threw the second perfect game in baseball history .
When an injury ended his pitching career in 1884 , he learned to throw with his other arm and became a shortstop and second baseman .
He went on to collect over 2,100 hits and steal 540 bases , including 111 in just one season .
He played on two pennant winning New York Giants teams , and managed the team for two other seasons .
No other player in the history of baseball has won over 100 games as a pitcher and also collected over 2,000 hits .
For all these reasons he deserves to be remembered .
However , these accomplishments were nothing in comparison to the real legacy that defined him as a person and left its mark on baseball .
" No other single accident has ever been so productive of games as that invention .
From the day when the Phaeacian maidens started the ball rolling down to the present time , it has been continuously in motion , and as long as children love play and adults feel the need of exercise and recreation , it will continue to roll . "
- John Montgomery Ward , from " Base - ball : How to become a player " , 1888
At the age of 13 Ward began attending Penn State University , where some attribute him to developing the first curve ball .
The following year his parents died and he was forced to quit school to earn his own living .
After failing at being a traveling salesman , he joined a semi- pro baseball team .
A few years later the team folded , which gave him an opportunity to sign a contract with the Providence Grays in the newly formed National League .
At the age of 20 , Ward became a player - manager for the Grays .
In those days a pitcher almost always threw complete games .
Ward consistently pitched over 600 innings a year .
In fact , in 1882 he threw an 18 - inning complete game .
This kind of wear and tear contributed to ending his pitching career at the ripe old age of 23 .
The Grays , knowing his career as a pitcher was over , sold his contract to the New York Giants , where Ward began playing shortstop .
While in New York , Ward went back to college and graduated from the Columbia Law School in 1885 .
That 's where his story gets interesting .
" Is the Base - ball player a Chattel ? "
" I will confine myself to a consideration of these relations as they have been induced by the action of the reserve - rule .
I will first describe briefly the origin , intent , and effect of the rule ; I will then trace in detail its subsequent development ; I will show that there has been a complete departure from its original intent , and in consequence a total change in its effect ; that abuse after abuse has been fastened upon it , until , instead of being used to the ends for which it was formed , it has become a mere pretence for the practice of wrong . "
- John Montgomery Ward , August 1887
On this day in 1885 , John Montgomery Ward , together with several other players on the New York Giants , met in secret and formed The Brotherhood of Professional Base Ball Players .
It was the first labor union in professional sports history .
The Brotherhoods had a long list of grievances : an end to extra duties , such as collecting tickets and sweeping up after games ; an end to player sales in which the player gets nothing ; and most of all , an end to the reserve system .
This is how John Ward described the reserve system :
The first reserve agreement was entered into by the club members of the National League September 30 , 1879 .
By that compact each club was conceded the privilege of reserving for the season of 1880 five of its players of the season of 1879 , and each of the eight clubs pledged itself not to employ any player so reserved by any of the others .
The five men so chosen by each club were thus forced either to sign with the club reserving them at its own terms or withdraw to some club not a member of the League ; and , as there were no such clubs then in existence , the reservation was practically without alternative .
The club thus appropriated to itself an absolute control over the labor of five of its men , and this number has since been enlarged to eleven , so that now the club controls practically its entire team .
While the reserve system enabled poor teams to more easily stay solvent , it came at a cost born entirely by the players themselves .
You have to remember that in these days , professional baseball was a part - time job , and a poorly paid one at that .
The reserve system locked a player into a club for life .
If he did n't like it he could sit out a season , but when he came back no club would talk to him expect for team with the reserve claim on him .
While the club could unilaterally release a player and end his contract , it could still retain the reserve claim .
This monopoly system led to extreme abuses .
Ward gives a good example of this :
A practical illustration of the working of this construction was given in the case of Charlie Foley .
During the season of 1883 he contracted a malady which incapacitated him for play .
He was laid off without pay , though still held subject to the direction of his club .
In the fall he was placed among the players reserved by the club , though he had not been on the club 's pay - roll for months .
The following spring he was still unable to play , and the Buffalo Club refused to either sign or release him .
He recovered somewhat , and offered his services to the club , but it still refused to sign him .
Having been put to great expense in securing treatment , his funds were exhausted , and it became absolutely necessary for him to do something .
He had offers from several minor clubs , to whom he would still would have been a valuable player , but on asking for his release from Buffalo it was again refused .
He was compelled to remain idle all that summer , without funds to pay for medical treatment ; and then , to crown all , the Buffalo Club again reserved him in the fall of 1884 .
The following year the Brotherhood , with Ward as it leader , announced itself to the world and began agitating for players rights .
They had managed to sign up most of the players of the National league , and some of the American Association players .
At first there was some mild success , and they won the right to negotiate with other teams after being forced to take a pay cut by their current team .
However , even that modest victory caused a backlash .
After the Giants won the National League Pennant in 1888 , the team set off on a first - ever world tour .
Meanwhile , the owners met and designed a " Brush Classification Plan " in which the most a player could get in salary was $ 2,500 .
The New York Giants then sold Ward to the Washington Nationals for a record price of $ 12,000 .
Ward was furious .
He left the tour and demanded a meeting with the owners , as a representative of the Brotherhood , to discuss the classification system .
He also demanded a share of his own sale price from Washington .
The owners refused to discuss the classification system with him , and Washington refused to pay him for his sale , thus nullifying the deal .
During this time Ward still managed to bat .299 as the Giants won another NL Pennant .
In 1889 the National League began charging players rent for use of team uniforms , and $ 0.50 a day for meal money .
The Brotherhood was ready to go on strike , " a strike which will be the biggest thing ever heard of in the baseball world . "
A Structure to Last Forever
" We believe it is possible to conduct our national game upon lines which will not infringe upon individual and natural rights .
We ask to be judged solely by our business conducted more intelligently under a plan which excludes everything arbitrary and un-American , we look forward with confidence to the support of the public and the future of the national game . "
- John Ward , November 8 , 1889
Ward realized that the owners did n't take The Brotherhood seriously , so he threatened to form an alternative league .
The owners scoffed at Ward .
They considered it an idle threat .
The owners had underestimated Ward .
They failed to recognize his connections in the business community , not to mention his influence amongst the players .
In 1890 the Players ' National League of Professional Base Ball Clubs was formed .
56 National League players defected to the Players ' League , including 15 future Hall of Fame players .
Also , most of the St. Louis Browns of the American Association became a Players ' League franchise .
It consisted of eight teams .
Ward managed one of them - Brooklyn Ward 's Wonders - which finished second behind the Boston Reds .
The new league had a profit sharing system for the players and had no reserve system or classification plan .
The league was operated on a cooperative basis , with both owners and players sitting on the board of directors .
Gate receipts were split evenly amongst the clubs .
The owners kept the first $ 10,000 per club , with the rest shared with the players .
Many players bought stock in their clubs .
The Players ' League was n't just a competing baseball league .
It was a radically different concept .
In brief , the sports leagues are cartels , whose members compete on the field but collude to varying degrees off the field in order to ensure a competitive balance among their teams to guarantee continued attendance .
One of the key characteristics of this organizational structure is that players are contracted employees , and have no ownership interest in the corporations ( clubs ) for whom they work .
Also , players have no voice in league operations , and are subject to have the right to their labor traded or sold to other corporations ( clubs ) without the player 's consent .
8 The Players ' League was the only attempt to create a rival league organized on a different basis .
It was a co-operative , where players were investors in their clubs , player trades were by consent , and the " capitalists " ( not owners ) were to divide the profits equally with all the players .
The National League owners called them " secessionists " .
They said the Player 's league was " an edifice built on falsehood " and its members as " overpaid players " .
But they reserved their worst criticism for Ward , who they called an employer of the " terrorism peculiar to revolutionary movements " .
Sympathetic newspapers called him " ' Judas ' Montgomery Ward " .
The National League lifted the salary cap when they began to see most of their star players leaving for the new league .
When that did n't help , they began a bidding war to get the players back .
The National League intentionally scheduled their games to conflict with with Players ' League games , forcing the fans to chose .
Several NL teams went to court to try to enforce the reserve clause , but they were eventually rejected in the courts " upon the grounds that the contract is indefinite and uncertain . "
Ward 's case was the first .
All the baseball leagues lost money in 1890 , but the Player 's League lost the least .
The New York Giants of the National League had to be bailed out by the other owners or it would have folded .
Meanwhile , the National League Cincinnati franchise was purchased in mid-season by a group of Players ' League owners , including Ward .
The Player 's League was well attended , and drew larger crowds than the National League in 1890 .
They were strongly supported by the labor unions of the time .
However , the profit sharing system cut into the PL owners ' profits .
The PL owners did n't realize how much money the NL owners were losing , and naively thought the NL was in a stronger position .
They began meeting secretly with the National League , which offered hefty bribes to the owners .
After the season ended , the owners folded the league .
When meeting with their NL counterparts , the PL owners barred the players from attending , including Ward .
The Brooklyn , New York , Chicago and Pittsburgh franchises were merged into the National League .
" The idea was as old as the hills , but its application to Base Ball had not yet been made .
It was , in fact , the irrepressible conflict between Labor and Capital asserting itself under a new guise ....
Like every other form of business enterprise , Base Ball depends for results on two independent divisions , the one to have absolute control over the system , and the other to engage in ... the actual work of production . "
- Andrew Spalding
When the Players ' League collapsed , so did The Brotherhood .
With no other league to challenge the NL , player 's salaries dropped 40 % by 1893 .
The only lasting monument of the Players ' League was the Polo Grounds , which had been constructed for the New York Giants team of the Players ' League , not the one in the National League of the same name .
" The Players ' League is dead .
Goodbye Players ' League .
Your life has been a stormy one .
Because of your existence many a man has lost by thousands of dollars .
And before long all that will be left of you is a memory - - a sad , discouraging memory . "
- The Sporting News
The reserve system would last until 1976 .
Finishing a Legacy
Ward came back to the National League as a player - manager of the Brooklyn Grooms .
Eventually he was traded back to the New York Giants , where he finished his professional career in 1894 .
After retiring Ward became a part owner of the Boston Braves , but his primary career was a lawyer representing baseball players against the National League .
When the Federal League was created in 1914 , Ward became a business manager for the Brooklyn Tip - Tops .
Eventually he found a passion for golf and became one of the best in the country at that too , winning several championships in New York .
Ward died of pneumonia in 1925 at the age of 65 .
His plaque at the Baseball Hall of Fame fails to mention his involvement in the Brotherhood or the Players ' League .
If all those projects were completed , the number of courses would approach that of golf - mad South Korea , where there are close to 200 .
It would still fall well short of China , which has more than 300 , and would be nowhere near the number in the United States , which has about 16,000 courses , or even Florida , with 1,260 .
Image The Sea Links Golf and Country Club , which is built on sand dunes , pipes in water from a source nearly two miles away .
Credit ... Justin Mott for The New York Times
For a country that had only two courses at the end of the war in 1975 and that according to some estimates has only 5,000 golfers today , however , the increase in projects over the past four years has been explosive .
But a backlash emerged within the news media and among academics and government officials over the social and environmental costs .
In summer 2008 , Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung ordered a halt to new construction pending a review , and last June the government ordered the cancellation of 50 of the projects .
But most of the others are well under way , to add to the country ’s 13 established golf courses .
“ Developers and foreign investors are saying they want to make the country a tourist destination , and to do that you need to offer more amenities like golf , ” said Kurt Greve , the American general manager of the Ocean Dunes Golf Club and the Dalat Palace Golf Club .
Most of those tourists would come from elsewhere in Asia , especially South Korea and Japan , where golf courses are hugely overcrowded .
Federal agents typically used $ 1,100 computers to crack passwords to the seized hard drives of suspected child pornographers .
Now they 're using $ 300 PlayStation 3s to pull off the same task .
Advertisement
" Bad guys are encrypting their stuff now , so we need a methodology of hacking on that to try to break passwords , " Claude E. Davenport , an agent in the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Cyber Crimes Center , told Joseph D. Szydlowski of the Scripps Howard Foundation Wire .
" The Playstation 3 - its processing component - is perfect for large - scale library attacks . "
Here 's the deal .
Under the Fourth Amendment , suspects in the U.S. are not required to give up passwords they use to secure their information .
But the Fourth does n't cover cops cracking their way into hardware they lawfully seize under a search warrant .
That 's where the power computing comes in .
Advertisement
In the past , they 'd use a Tableau / Dell server combination running about $ 1,100 .
Then they realized they could get the same computing power out of a PS3 for a quarter of the cost , roughly .
So they throw networked consoles at the problem , to unravel the nearly 282 trillion possibilities in a six - digit password .
" You take the ability of a single person to throw a few passwords at it a minute to a few million a second , " Neil Condon , vice president of Public Affairs for AccessData Corp. , told SHFW .
Condon 's company does investigations .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Here 's the funny part .
While Condon said that any current - gen console is capable of the same power , the PS3 is used because you can install Linux on it .
Guess they 're using the old PS3 Phats .
Go Phat !
Go !!
PS3 Slim : RIP Linux OS
The PS3 Slim is a good news story for Sony , as its cheaper price will allow the console to be more …
Read more
Advertisement
Federal Officers Use Video Game Console to Catch Child Pornographers [ Scripps Howard Foundation Wire ( subscription required ) via Hot Blooded Gaming ]
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Bravely chomping down on what has overnight become one of Britain ’s most dangerous snacks , bacon sandwich lovers gave two fingers on Thursday to the World Cancer Research Fund .
A typical BLT sandwich at Tony's I - 75 restaurant sits on the counter in Birch Run , Michigan , October 15 , 2006 .
Bravely chomping down on what has overnight become one of Britain 's most dangerous snacks , bacon sandwich lovers gave two fingers on Monday to the World Cancer Research Fund .
REUTERS / Molly Riley
After years of research , the Fund has declared a link between processed meats like bacon and a range of cancers .
The Sun headed its front page with the rallying cry “ Save Our Bacon ” whilst traders and shoppers at London ’s Smithfield meat market were scornful .
Tabloid headline writers were as irate as devoted fans of the bacon butty .
“ So what IS safe to eat ? ” asked the Daily Mail .
Meat traders were outraged too .
“ People know everything in life is bad for you and they ’re too attached to their bacon to stop eating it , ” said Barry Cassidy , 55 , a salesman at Smithfield , where meat has been bought and sold for over 800 years .
“ You could go for 20 to 30 years and not eat bacon , not enjoying life , then get hit by a car -- I say , everything in moderation , ” he added .
Regular customer Avtar Johal , 61 , who runs a nearby sandwich bar , said the report would not stop him eating his beloved butties .
“ Some reports say it is good for you , some say it is bad -- who knows , ” he said , snorting in disbelief over the report .
Ken Taverner , 71 , who works part - time at a butchers ’ shop , was equally dismissive .
“ Every other week a new study comes out about what you can and cannot eat .
All my life I ’ve eaten meat pies and pudding and I did n’t worry about it . ”
While some traders said the report could affect their sales , others were defiant .
John Fitzsimmons , 43 , assistant manager at “ The Cock Tavern ” situated underneath the meat market , quipped :
“ We ’ve never sold so many bacon sandwiches as this morning .
You say one thing and people do the opposite . ”
STORRS , Conn . --
A Connecticut football player who was an expectant father was stabbed to death early Sunday after an on - campus dance , just hours after helping his team to a homecoming victory .
Jasper Howard , 20 , of Miami , and another student were stabbed during a fight after a fire alarm was pulled during a university sanctioned dance at the UConn Student Union just after 12:30 a.m. , police said .
Police had not identified a suspect or released the name of the other victim .
Connecticut coach Randy Edsall said the team was heartbroken and devastated over the loss of Howard , a junior and the team 's starting cornerback who came to the school to get away from the violence on the streets of his hometown .
He became the first person in his family to go to college .
UConn coach Randy Edsall , left , comforts senior captain Desi Cullen , right , during a news conference about the death of Huskies cornerback Jasper Howard .
AP Photo / Jessica Hill
" I know this , " Edsall said , his eyes red and welling with tears , " he loved UConn ; he loved his teammates ; he loved everything about this . "
Edsall said Howard 's death was especially tragic , because he was about to become a father .
No additional information about the expectant mother , identified by Edsall as Howard 's girlfriend , was provided by police or the university .
Joanglia Howard said she got news of her son's death about 4 a.m. , and described him as a " good kid " who never got into trouble .
" All I wanted him to do was go to school and get an education , and he was doing what I asked him to do , " she told WSVN - TV in Miami .
The coach gathered his team at its training facility at 6 a.m. to deliver the news .
" As Jazz looks down on us , I can promise him and his family , that son or daughter will have 105 uncles , " punter Desi Cullen , a team captain , said at an afternoon news conference .
" And we will do what it takes to not get through this , but to grow from it . "
UConn Police Major Ronald Blicher said this is the first homicide at the university in the more than 30 years he has been associated with the school .
Blicher said Howard was stabbed following a fight between two groups that included students and non-students .
The altercation broke out just after a fire alarm went off in the student center , forcing the evacuation of about 300 people , from a " Welcome Back " party and dance sponsored by the school 's West Indian Awareness Organization .
OPINION / ANALYSIS :
A soft answer can sometimes turn away wrath , but not always , and presidents have to be wary of showing timidity and weakness in the face of a bully .
This is the expensive lesson the tinhorns of the world are teaching Barack Obama .
So far he is not an honors student .
Throwing Poland and the Czech Republic under that celebrated bus , a cramped space already brimming with old friends , pastors , mentors , tutors and even members of his own family who are no longer useful , was costly .
It ’s never easy to be a friend of America , and Mr. Obama is making it impossible to be one .
He got a humiliating reminder of reality this week when the Russians , to whom he had paid such humble obeisance , gave him a hard slap across the face , just to remind him who he is and who is meant to be in charge of the world .
Mr. Obama expected to get something when he blew off Poland and the Czech Republic , which had agreed to host NATO missile sites at considerable cost and risk , being close neighbors of the Russians .
What he thought he got was an implicit understanding that Russia recognizes the danger of the Iranian nuclear bomb , that it would change the power equation in the Middle East .
Russia would join the West in imposing sanctions tough enough to get the attention of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
But not so fast .
It ’s not as if the Russians really meant it .
Vladimir Putin , the Russian prime minister and an old KGB operative who is obviously still in charge of everything important in Moscow , warned “ major powers ” - diplomatic softspeak for “ the United States ” - against trying to intimidate Iran into behaving itself .
He said talk of new sanctions against the Islamic republic are “ premature . ”
This is diplomatic realspeak for “ not now and not ever . ”
“ We need to look for a compromise , ” Mr. Putin told reporters in Beijing , where he was learning to make the perfect chop suey .
“ If a compromise is not found , and the discussions end in fiasco , then we will see .
And if now , before making any steps [ toward holding talks ] we start announcing sanctions , then we wo n’t be creating favorable conditions for talks to end positively .
This is why it is premature to talk about this now . ”
All this was while Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was in Moscow , trying to find out just how much help the Russians intend to give to the West .
Mrs. Clinton could not even see Mr. Putin , the real head man ; there was a conflict of schedules and he had to depart for Beijing .
This was a remarkable snub , treating the secretary of state as if she were merely the representative of the PTA , lobbying for more vegetables in the school lunchroom .
Maybe there really was a conflict ; maybe Mr. Putin had scheduled a haircut at the only hour she was available .
The Russians succeeded in putting Mr. Obama and the Americans in their place .
Nikolai Patrushev , the chief of the Presidential Security Council , manufactured an occasion while Mrs. Clinton was in Moscow to warn that Moscow reserves the right to make “ a pre-emptive nuclear strike ” against both small and large enemies .
In an interview with Izvestia , the important Moscow daily , he said Russian officials are examining “ a variety of possibilities for using nuclear force , depending on the situation and the intentions of the possible opponent . ”
In situations critical to national security , he said , “ options including a preventative nuclear strike on the aggressor are not excluded . ”
Even regional or “ local ” wars will be included in the new strategy , expected to be official policy in December .
A willingness to use any or all weapons , if the time and place is right , is nothing new , of course .
If the stakes are high enough everybody will use everything , and only fools object .
The significance of these remarks , which were certainly calculated for effect while Mrs. Clinton was in town , is what they tell about how the Russians regard the toughness of Barack Obama , the noble peacenik with a prize to prove it , and whether there is any “ there ” there .
Mrs. Clinton and her acolytes at the State Department , ever eager to seek the softest way to say nothing , tried to put a nice face on her visit to Moscow .
The United States , Russia and China are “ closer than before ” on their policies regarding Iran ’s nuclear - weapons program , Mrs. Clinton told a radio interviewer .
She seemed to be taking care not to say that actual positions are closer , just that everyone understands those positions : Russians tough , Americans soft .
Wesley Pruden is editor emeritus of The Washington Times .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Rules for Self - Checkout at the Grocery Store
20 items or less
This might not be written anywhere , and certainly is n’t enforced by the stores , but it ’s understood : the self - checkouts are designed for a quick getaway , and it is highly inconsiderate to clog the lanes with your overflowing cart of diabetes - fuel .
A good rule of thumb :
If you can carry it in your arms , or one of those plastic baskets they stack by the front doors , you can use the self - checkout .
But if you require a shopping cart , you need to get out of our way .
Produce lookup
If you have difficulty differentiating between celery and a pumpkin , you should probably let somebody else commandeer the transaction .
Stores provide this service , free of charge , and it ’ll cut down on the likelihood of you receiving a savage parking lot beating after the fact .
Rule of thumb :
If you ’ve ever held a green pepper in your hand , and stared at it in utter confusion , let somebody else take over .
Finish shopping
Since there ’s no humans involved , many people seem to believe it ’s OK to take their horrible food choices to the self - checkout once they ’re 90 % finished shopping .
Then they send their bug -eyed , highwater children to finish collecting the sodium delivery devices .
This is unacceptable , because the highwaters can never find what they ’re sent for , and always come back acting exasperated .
Then “ Big Mama ” gets all loud and abusive , her arm fat commences to swinging , and everybody ’s supposed to be understanding of the delay because she ’s demonstrated her apology via arm fat in motion .
Just stay away from the checkouts , until you have everything you “ need . ”
OK ?
Why the hurry all of a sudden ?
You sure were n’t in any hurry when your whole family was walking shoulder to shoulder across the entire canned meat aisle .
Why now ?
Just take a deep breath , and relax .
Burger King never runs out of Whoppers .
One item at a time Scan the barcode of one item , wait for the confirmation beep , and place it on the belt .
Repeat until finished .
It does n’t work if you try to go too fast , or attempt to squeeze two items between the beeps .
And it does n’t help the situation by slapping the scanner with your food , or frantically shaking it like a Yahtzee cup .
Everything will be OK if you ’ll just calm down and allow the machine to do its job .
It ’s a miraculous piece of technology , but ca n’t detect barcodes moving at the speed of light .
Jesus J. McChrist , it ’s not the missile defense system !
Please note :
When you lock - up the entire operation , and are forced to turn on the “ lamp of disgrace ” to summon a checkout coach , please do n’t pretend the machine has malfunctioned .
We all know it ’s you , and your inability to master a piece of equipment dumbed - down to monkey levels .
Know how to use an ATM card
If you ’re unable to operate a rectangle of plastic , let someone else handle it for you .
Again , it ’s a free service .
But if you absolutely insist , the key is the brown strip on the back of the card .
You ’ve got to have that part lined - up correctly when you slide it through the slot .
It wo n’t work if the thing ’s upside - down or flipped - over .
And you ’re supposed to slide the long side of the card , not one of the ends .
I mean , seriously .
Please note : Before lining up the brown strip , be sure you ’re using the correct card .
It wo n’t work if you ’re attempting to pay with your Subway frequent - eater card , or your Barbara Mandrell fan club information .
Please also note : Research has confirmed that staring at electronic equipment with your mouth hanging open will not improve the situation .
You need to take action , which I know is a scary thing …
But you ’ve got to be strong .
You can do it !
These are the main Rules for Self - Checkout at the Grocery Store , but readers can almost certainly provide other tips and guidelines .
Check the comments section below for further information .
Thank you for your attention to this matter .
Even a modest stimulus package that mostly maintains current programs would ignite a debate about the effectiveness of the original $ 787 billion plan , stoking Republicans ’ arguments that the package of spending and tax cuts was a waste of taxpayers ’ money .
While most economists agree with Democrats that job losses would have been worse without the stimulus , Mr. Obama remains on the defensive for his initial promise that it would save or create 3.5 million jobs .
Image
In Detroit last month , job seekers filled out applications for positions at a new bar and restaurant .
Unemployment remains high .
Credit ... Paul Sancya / Associated Press
Despite the bad jobs figures , Democrats in Congress generally agree with the White House that a second full - blown stimulus package is not needed , barring an economic relapse .
The $ 787 billion recovery plan was intended to stretch over two years , partly in anticipation that the downturn would be prolonged .
About 60 percent of the total is yet to be released , and much of that will go toward projects like road - building , other construction and research that save or create jobs .
Mark Zandi , an economist who occasionally advises Congressional Democratic leaders , and before that advised Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , in his two presidential campaigns , has projected an additional 750,000 job losses through next March , which would bring total losses to almost 9 million since December 2007 .
Mr. Zandi predicted that the unemployment rate would peak at 10.5 percent next June .
It is “ very important , ” he said , for the government to “ continue to provide significant support to the economy through next year . ”
At the least , he said , that should include extending the homebuyer ’s credit , various business tax breaks and mortgage relief programs .
But the demands on the federal government are likely to expand beyond that in the coming year .
Continued job losses only add to the plight of the states , which already are reeling from reduced tax revenues and increased demand for social services .
Most states were able to balance their budgets this year , as they are required to do , only with billions of dollars in infusions from Washington .
And the fiscal outlook for the states is now worse than a year ago , according to agencies that monitor them .
As the White House and Congress proceed with discussions of what to do next , Congress is working to stretch unemployment compensation for people who have been out of work for up to 79 weeks , or a year and a half .
The House passed a bill for 13 additional weeks of aid for jobless workers in the 27 states with unemployment rates of 8.5 percent or higher , but some senators want an extra 12 weeks of benefits available in all states .
Dr. Mercola's Natural Health Center
Dr. Mercola has dedicated his life to helping people take control of their health .
He first began seeing patients at his private wellness clinic in Schaumburg , IL in 1985 , as a sole practitioner .
The early years were filled with routine checkups , school physicals , coughs , colds , sore throats and back pain .
Many sick patients left the office with a prescription in hopes of resolving their health issues .
But time and again traditional medicine failed .
Patients arrived at his clinic after seeing specialists for years , spending thousands of dollars , only to experience a continual decline in their health .
Dr. Mercola began exploring the world of natural medicine after a few years in his clinic .
After seeing drastic improvements when his patients modified their diet and became more physically active , he changed the way he practiced medicine .
With an insatiable desire to expand his knowledge and continue learning , he devoured medical journals daily , remaining on the cutting edge of the latest research and development .
He had great success helping many patients with conditions such as : rheumatoid arthritis , chronic fatigue syndrome , and fibromyalgia .
He used dietary and lifestyle solutions to address the root cause of illness .
He also treated many children with allergies , autism , and ADD .
The focus was also on dietary changes he 'd discovered to help elicit positive behavioral changes .
During this time , Dr. Mercola also discovered Dr. Doris Rapp 's method of allergy testing and treatment using provocation neutralization ( PN ) therapy .
This treatment was so effective that his allergy therapists had a waiting list of several months .
The clinic offered overall chiropractic care , nutritional counseling and emotional therapy that helped patients discover and address the root cause of illness .
In 1997 , the Internet was in its infancy , and Dr. Mercola had a vision to reach far more people around the world through the World Wide Web .
That 's when www.Mercola.com was founded .
Between 1985 and 2013 , Dr. Mercola has treated more than 20,000 patients at his clinic .
Online , he has helped millions learn how to become healthier , more fit , and take control of their health through the valuable information provided in his free e-newsletter .
In order to devote his full time and attention to research , education and increasing public awareness , Dr. Mercola has closed the clinic to dedicate himself completely to these critical issues .
Back to Mercola.com
Ali had Frazier .
Coke has Pepsi .
The Yankees have the Red Sox .
Now Wal - Mart , the mightiest retail giant in history , may have met its own worthy adversary : Amazon.com .
In what is emerging as one of the main story lines of the 2009 post - recession shopping season , the two heavyweight retailers are waging an online price war that is spreading through product areas like books , movies , toys and electronics .
The tussle began last month as a relatively trivial but highly public back - and - forth over which company had the lowest prices on the most anticipated new books and DVDs this fall .
By last week , it had spread to select video game consoles , mobile phones , even to the humble Easy - Bake Oven , a 45 - year - old toy from Hasbro that usually heats up small cakes , not tensions between billion - dollar corporations .
Last Wednesday , Wal - Mart dropped the price of the oven to $ 17 , from $ 28 , as part of its “ Black Friday ” deals .
Later the same day , Amazon cut its price , which had also been $ 28 , to $ 18 .
SCIENTISTS have discovered the world 's first Guardian - reading spider and are already bored of its never - ending torrent of opinions about everything .
The Monbiot spider is a vegetarian for socio-political reasons , spins a sustainable quantity of low - carbon web and believes Gordon Brown can still turn it around by next June .
Experts have revealed that instead of eating flies and having a proper job like everybody else , the creature organises community outreach projects and converts floating seeds and vegetable matter into pungent , inedible casseroles .
The study found that the spider also has lots of gay spider friends and bears distinctive markings that resemble a fair trade t- shirt from Sri Lanka .
Zoologist Dr Stephen Malley , said : " When we first came across it , it seemed to be hosting a poorly - attended seminar about women 's rights and press freedom in the former Yugoslavia .
" We tracked it back to its lair where it started rubbing its hind legs together and making a noise that sounded a bit like Michael Stipe .
" We then tried poking it with a stick to get it angry but it just presented us with a tiny cup of camomile tea and gave us some literature about Darfur . "
He added : " I have discovered some incredibly annoying animals in my time , but I have always appreciated that they are part of a wondrous eco-system .
But there is just something about this spider that makes me really want to stamp on it over and over again . "
The Monbiot spider exhibits similar behavioural patterns to the Communards beetle , discovered in California , whose intricate mating dance seems to be based on the 1986 version of Do n't Leave Me This Way .
A bear injured nine people at a motorway rest stop in central Japan before being shot dead in a souvenir shop .
Four of the victims were seriously injured in the attack by the black bear on Saturday afternoon in Nyukawa , a small mountain town about 230 kilometres west of Tokyo , said firefighter Tomohiko Akano .
The 1.3 - metre bear first attacked people at a bus parking area and then entered a lodge where it was trapped in a souvenir shop and shot dead by a hunter , according to media reports .
No - one suffered life - threatening injuries in the attack , which lasted about an hour , reports said .
A photograph from the scene showed the bear mauling a prone person in a parking area while a man attempted to scare it off .
The rest stop is on a mountainous road that is open during summer months only to licensed buses and taxis .
The area is frequented by tourists for its scenic views .
Akano said bear attacks are very rare in the area .
A company that manages the terminal for the Takayama city government said it had received reports of bear sightings in the area this year , but had not taken countermeasures such as setting up a fence around the facility .
MOSTÂ independent Muslim schools in England are under threat of closure , according to the Association of Muslim Schools ( AMS ) .
The organisation , which representsÂ independent Islamic institutions , said many could not afford to stay open .
Most of the dogma factories schools use fees and donations to cover costs and need about Â £ 2,000 per pupil per year to stay afloat .
But the recession has seen donations fall and parents unable to pay fees , according to this BBC report .
The threat applies to “ almost all ” of the 130 Muslim faith schools in England , the association says .
Among these , 119 are independent and reliant on fees and donations , but 11 are in the state sector so have guaranteed income and are not under threat .
An obvious way of saving the the remainder is to shift them into the state sector .
As Voluntary Aided Schools they will receive all their running costs from the Government , but will have to follow the National Curriculum .
No , no , NO , says Dr Mohammed Mukadhum , the chairman of AMS .
Many schools , he insists , do not want to become voluntary aided because then the government would have a more substantial influence in the way they were run [ my italics ] .
He added : .
The possibility of closing down is a looming reality and the smaller schools are the ones that are most vulnerable .
The Iqra Girls ’ School in Oxford is one of the private independent schools on the brink of closure .
Head teacher Dr Hojjat Ramzy said there was not enough funding to continue running it , and Oxford ’s only Islamic school would have to close .
Most of the charitable donations we relied on have dried up and many parents have taken their kids out of the school because they can no longer afford the fees .
Some parents have sent their children to schools in Pakistan and Bangladesh instead .
Â
If the school closes , Dr Ramzy fears that more students will be sent abroad because parents do not want their children going to a state school .
He said :
It will be very sad because they wo n’t get the same quality of education and some may just end up getting married and not completing their studies at all .
Zainab Rahman , 11 , is in year seven at the secondary school .
I love it here , I get to learn about my religion and I can talk openly about it .
But if this school shuts down , I wo n’t have anywhere to go .
She said because there were no other Muslim faith schools in Oxford , she would be sent to Pakistan to study and would have to live with relatives there .
Her best friend was sent to Pakistan last month to be educated there , she said , because her parents could not afford the school fees .
She did n’t really have a choice and had to go abroad .
Â I ’ve lost touch with her since .
A spokesman for the Department for Children , Schools and Families said :
We have made it far easier for an independent school to join the state sector – as long as it is supported by the local council and community .
But Dr Mukadhum said :
The US Attorney ’s office appears to have the smoking gun that may be the first of a long line of prosecutions resulting from the financial crash of last year .
Sources tell The Post the most damning evidence against Bear Stearns ’ hedge fund managers Ralph Cioffi and Matthew Tannin appears in an e-mail message from Tannin to Cioffi , which states : “ The entire subprime market is toast , there is simply no way for us to make money — ever . ”
By contrast , the two hedgers held an investor conference call soon after and told investors “ We ’re comfortable with exactly where we are . ”
“ There ’s no basis for thinking this is one big disaster , ” Tannin said on another call in April .
In a trial that will be watched by many investors , the feds are scheduled to begin jury selection on Tuesday in Brooklyn federal court .
If Uncle Sam wins its case against the pair , the feds could start seeking criminal charges against other financial pros swept up in the crisis .
If convicted , the defendants face between 20 to 40 years in prison .
Among the theatrics at last Thursday ’s pretrial conference before US District Court Judge Frederic Block included :
* During the hearing about the admissibility of Tannin ’s Gmail online diary , the lawyers were at each other ’s throats , hurling accusations at one another and cutting each other off .
* Judge Block got caught up in the fray , at one point telling prosecutors James McGovern and Patrick Sinclair , “ I ’m gradually losing my patience with you ” and then adopting a mocking , whiny tone later when addressing the prosecutors ’ concerns .
* Judge Block also told the defense lawyer she was “ getting a little hyperactive . ”
* Judge Block admonished the prosecutors saying , “ If you do n’t have enough evidence in these 500 exhibits and 38 witnesses against these people then maybe you should n’t be successful . ”
Bankers are wearily eyeing the case as a litmus test for the government ’s ability to go after other Wall Streeters who may have been less than forthright about the extent of losses tied to the meltdown .
“ Whenever the government wins a prosecution , they will feel encouraged to look for the same or similar cases , ” said Mark Zauderer , a corporate attorney .
Winning shows them “ juries are receptive ” to such cases , he said .
But it ’s not just jury sympathy that could prod similar charges .
Also at issue is the government ’s ability to criminally convict on what can be a tricky legal issue .
“ They [ the feds ] have to show that Cioffi and Tannin intended to lie , ” said Ross Intelisano , a New York securities attorney .
Proving intent , as it ’s known , is tough , which is why this kind of case is typically tried civilly and not criminally , Intelisano said .
The defense is expected to argue that the duo was unable to predict the magnitude of the meltdown , just like most financial pros .
Bolstering the government ’s case is a string of e-mails , including private e-mails between Cioffi ’s Gmail account and Tannin ’s wife ’s e-mail account , showing the two fretting over their investments and even discussing shuttering the funds .
Cioffi is also accused of moving $ 2 million out of one of the shaky funds into a safer fund — something he failed to disclose to investors .
Another Judge Block decision going against the prosecution last week was that the prosecution could not use as evidence Cioffi ’s lavish lifestyle .
Prosecutors were hoping to allege that Cioffi was motivated to cover up the losses by a desire to keep up his lavish lifestyle , which included multi-million dollar homes in Long Island , Manhattan , Vermont and New Jersey , as well as several vintage Ferrari ’s and country club memberships .
“ Good luck with a Brooklyn jury deciding your fate knowing you ’re running around in a $ 1 million Ferrari , ” said Intelisano .
kaja.whitehouse@
nypost.com
A few weeks ago in a schoolroom of 12 - year - olds , a boy with big ears , a radiant smile and , as it turned out , dyslexia excitedly began asking me questions before the class had even started .
They were by far the most interesting I received all day and sparked an idea for my next children 's book .
So it 's not just children who will forfeit something valuable in the boycott by authors such as Philip Pullman and Anthony Horowitz of the Vetting and Barring Scheme run by the Independent Safeguarding Authority ( ISA ) .
And it is not just authors who object to the new laws .
There are many part - time and volunteer workers who coach sport , entertain , teach after - school music , drama singing or dance and stage events who will decide to spend their time doing something else because they are insulted by the idea that they must prove to the ISA and the Criminal Records Bureau that they are not a paedophile .
Much will be lost , but that is to be expected given the mood of fear and suspicion that has taken root in our schools over the last decade and is doing so much damage to relations between adults and children , and to the children themselves , who are growing up in a surveillance society .
It still seems extraordinary that ContactPoint , the children 's database that allows access to the details of every child in England and Wales to hundred of thousands of officials , yet not to parents , came about without any fuss .
What were we thinking of to allow the construction of such a pointless and sinister apparatus ?
Another part of the great suspicion is that schools have become besotted by biometrics and CCTV systems that enable teachers to monitor pupils through the day and , in some instances watch , them in the changing rooms and classroom .
At Notre Dame school in Norwich , they are using CCTV to monitor pupils in the lavatory block .
Nothing is being left to chance .
A school in Bedfordshire recently banned parents from attending sports day to guard against paedophiles .
The man in charge of the event , Paul Blunt , from the East Bedfordshire Schools Sports Partnership , was quoted as saying : " If we let parents into the school they would have been free to roam the grounds .
All unsupervised adults must be kept away from children .
An unsavoury character could have come in and we just can't put the children in the event or the students at the host school at risk like that . "
The result of this freakishly protective attitude is that parents were n't allowed to watch their own child compete in the egg and spoon race .
What kind of madness is this ?
I 'll tell you .
It is the madness that suggests authority knows best how to guide and protect the lives of our children and , as in the ContactPoint database , that parents must take second place to the needs of the state 's protection .
It 's a kind of Stalinism that promotes the fear of bogeymen , doubts our worth as parents and demands we must prove ourselves to the state before enjoying the simple - and , yes , innocent - delight of a contact with a child who is not our own .
A moment should occur in every child 's life , when he or she meets an adult from outside the family and that adult takes an interest in them as a person and shows the child that they have something to offer .
This is an important part of becoming a successful individual and I imagine most people reading this remember with pleasure - retrospective awe , in my case - when someone outside school and the family valued them for what they were .
Now these contacts are to be policed with a formal structure of suspicion that implies to the child that every adult who has not been checked is a potential abuser .
Philip Pullman last week said of the new law , which he likened to Clause 28 : " It seems to be fuelled by the same combination of prurience , sexual fear and cold political calculation . "
These impulses in a society are difficult to plumb , but the current fear and suspicion strike me as part of some profound doubt we have about ourselves , which manifests itself in these nightmarish visions of fairy - tale evil as well as a blind faith in technology .
Reason and proportion need to play a much greater part in our deliberations about the safety of children than they do at present .
But it is a complex problem .
Mistrust is so often the basis of relations between the state and the public under this government that it is unsurprising that the pattern of suspicion is repeated in relations between school authorities and their charges .
I have argued that the government 's attitude infantilises the public and reduces personal responsibility at the same time as enhancing the power of the state .
It seems paradoxical that the process is being mimicked in schools , where the whole point , surely , is to allow children to mature into adults and learn responsibility .
Our aversion to risk plays a part in all this , but it must be said that disproportionate supervision is something that schools have warmed to without much pressure from the public or the government .
The walkout by politics students at the Davenant school in Loughton when their headteacher installed a globe camera in the classroom was a sign that school authorities were going too far and students rightly ridiculed his explanation that this was to facilitate teacher training .
The spin involved in introducing such systems is always interesting .
Pupils at King Edward VI Five Ways grammar school in Birmingham , for example , have been angered by the introduction of electronic fingerprinting , which was presented to them as an easier way of paying for lunch .
It emerged that once the school has captured fingerprints , it will be used for daily registration , which I must say is one of the more chilling developments I have yet come across .
Presumably , police will be given access to the school database on demand , but that is clearly not the only worry .
A member of the Welsh Assembly , Mark Isherwood , suggested systems that store fingerprints as unique numbers can be hacked , as the US government 's National Science and Technology Council has proved , and the fingerprint retrieved .
" In future , " he said , " fingerprint templates will be used to authenticate passports and bank accounts .
Biometrics are extremely valuable and need to be kept in a secure environment . "
The sensible course would be to give pupils a unique number or swipe card , but then that would deprive school authorities of the mild thrill of control that lurks in the decision to install one of these systems .
We place our faith in systems and procedures that - frankly - have not earned it .
Last week , a woman who left her four children , the eldest of whom was nine , in a park while she went to a shop found her name had been listed with the Criminal Records Bureau .
She had done nothing wrong , was found guilty of no crime , yet the report by police will jeopardise any application she may make for a job working with children or vulnerable people .
Hearsay , rumour and unfounded suspicion are now known in the trade as " soft information " and this will be the currency of the new procedures brought in by the Independent Safeguarding Authority in the autumn with a reminder to all concerned that they have a duty to share information .
It is tragic that a body set up following the murder of the two Soham schoolgirls , Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman , will deprive children and adults of so much valuable contact , but the more significant point is the generally toxic - Pullman 's word - effect that suspicion has on our society .
" Suspicion , " Thomas Paine wrote , " is the companion of all mean souls and the bane of good society . "
The subject of evolution teaching remains controversial More than half of adults in a survey of 10 countries thought school science lessons should teach evolutionary theories alongside creationism .
Among those who knew of Darwinism , on average 53 % felt other possible perspectives should also be taught .
The figure was 68 % in Argentina , in the poll for the British Council , which promotes educational opportunities .
In Great Britain 60 % felt this way .
In Egypt , 27 % said such theories should not be in science lessons at all .
The British Council , the UK's international organisation for educational opportunities and cultural relations , is running a programme of activities under the banner Darwin Now .
This marks the 200th anniversary of Charles Darwin 's birth and the 150th anniversary of the publication of his work , On the Origin of Species .
There are exhibitions and learning resources in about 50 countries and in a variety of languages .
The learning materials vary but can be used without technical equipment , to make them as widely available as possible .
Opinions
The survey to underpin the work was conducted through Ipsos Mori and involved interviews with some 11,000 people aged over 18 , mostly face - to - face , last April .
COUNTRIES IN SURVEY Argentina China Egypt Great Britain India Mexico Russia South Africa Spain USA
Of those , more than 7,000 knew of Darwin 's work already .
People were asked which statements were closest to their own opinion about how evolutionary theories should be taught in science lessons in schools .
The highest proportion agreeing that evolutionary theories alone should be taught was in India , at 49 % , followed by Spain ( 42 % ) .
One in five in China and in South Africa thought other perspectives - and not evolutionary theories - should be taught .
Those opting for evolutionary theories " together with other possible perspectives , such as intelligent design and creationism " ranged from 38 % in Spain to the 68 % in Argentina .
' Polarised debate ' " It is quite an interesting response and we need to think about why that is , " said the head of the Darwin Now programme , Dr Fern Elsdon - Baker .
Her feeling is that the debate about Darwinism has been portrayed as very polarised : science versus religion .
A previous survey suggested a lot of people were open - minded about having a faith and understanding that evolutionary processes occurred , and she thinks the polarisation of the arguments has confused them about how science works as a process .
" The majority of people in each country polled felt it was acceptable to have faith and think evolution happens by means of natural selection , " she said .
So it was necessary to communicate science in a less dogmatic , more sophisticated way , she said .
Darwinism remains controversial .
In March Turkey 's scientific and technological research council pulled a cover article about Darwin from its popular magazine , provoking outrage among scientists .
Dr Elsdon - Baker said : " It would be ridiculous to suggest that there have n't been problems with the Darwin anniversary - but the British Council project , which is working in 45 countries , has had a very positive response .
" There 's clearly a demand for these kind of science communication activities around Darwin 's theory of evolution by means of natural selection . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ante la propuesta de la Procuraduría de la Defensa del Contribuyente ( Prodecon ) de retener impuestos a las transacciones que se realicen en el país , las micro , pequeñas y medianas empresas ( micropymes ) serán las más afectadas .
Adriana Lozano , diputada del Partido Encuentro Social ( PES ) y secretaria de la Comisión de Hacienda y Crédito Público , indicó en entrevista que , de aprobarse la propuesta del ombudsman fiscal , las micropymes tendrán una mayor carga administrativa , además de un menor flujo de efectivo .
Explicó que , tras esta iniciativa , varias micropymes se han acercado a la comisión para mostrar su inquietud .
“ Ellos están trabajando bien , dentro del marco legal , son cumplidos (...)
No hay que perseguir a un sector tan importante por perseguir fantasmas ” .
Agregó que se debe cuidar la solidez y confianza de las micropymes , ya que éstas generan 72 % de los empleos del país y aportan 52 % del Producto Interno Bruto , de acuerdo con el Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía .
“ Nosotros , como grupo parlamentario , no estamos de acuerdo con que se realicen estos actos ilícitos por parte de los contribuyentes , pero no sólo se debe apoyar a la autoridad para disminuir la venta de facturas falsas , sino que también se debe cuidar a las empresas para que no tengan una mayor carga fiscal o administrativa ” , expuso .
Recientemente , la Prodecon presentó su propuesta para retener las dos terceras partes del Impuesto al Valor Agregado ( IVA ) cuando se paguen servicios , así como 10 % del Impuesto sobre la Renta ( ISR ) .
Si bien los empresarios han mostrado preocupación , la diputada refirió que lo que sí es importante hacer es tipificar este delito como grave e incrementar su penalidad .
“ Al no estar tipificado como delito grave , estos delincuentes siguen emitiendo comprobantes falsos de manera libre .
Si lo aumentamos a grave , los sujetamos y amarramos para que ahora sí pase algo , para que no se amparen (...) queremos que tiemblen antes de cometer el ilícito ” .
En agosto , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , presidente electo , declaró que en su gobierno se considerará la emisión de facturas apócrifas como delito grave , con lo cual quienes incurran en esta práctica no tendrán derecho a fianza y tendrían que seguir el proceso en prisión .
Actualmente , este delito se castiga con prisión de tres meses a seis años .
La Prodecon propuso que se eleve a un rango de dos a 10 años .
Anuncian foro
Ante las inquietudes de los empresarios , Adriana Lozano dijo que se realizará el foro en defensa de la micro , pequeña y mediana empresa el próximo martes 13 de noviembre para abordar y analizar el tema en la Cámara de Diputados .
Añadió que primero quieren abrir el diálogo con los empresarios para escuchar sus miedos y propuestas , para después poder entablar un diálogo con la Prodecon y ver las posibles soluciones .
“ La Prodecon ha hecho un trabajo correcto .
Ha defendido al contribuyente y ahora no nos referimos a que lo esté atacando , pero es importante considerar y plantearle a la entidad las afectaciones resultado de este tipo de propuesta ” , explicó .
Agregó que el combate a la factura apócrifa va a ser algo a lo que se dará prioridad en el siguiente gobierno y , junto al combate a la corrupción , se espera que el contribuyente pueda notar beneficios del pago de sus impuestos , lo que incentivará a que se cumpla con la obligación .
“ El contribuyente necesita ver que los impuestos están bien utilizados (...)
Eso va a estimular al contribuyente a generar su cumplimiento fiscal en tiempo y forma ” .
A growing number of hardware vendors are adopting instant - on Linux platforms and bundling them alongside Windows on new computers .
The function of these lightweight Linux environments is to make it possible for users to get online quickly and perform a number of common computing tasks without having to boot Windows .
Splashtop , which is made by DeviceVM , is one of the most widely - used instant - on Linux systems .
It 's said to be available on over 200 different laptops , desktops , and motherboards from a variety of mainstream hardware vendors .
It comes with an assortment of popular applications , including Firefox and Skype .
Splashtop has generally been targeted at the regular consumer market , but DeviceVM is now preparing to offer a new variant specifically for business computers .
The business version introduces a new e-mail client that is designed to sync with an instance of Microsoft Outlook that is installed on the computer 's Windows partition .
It supports synchronization of e-mail , tasks , calendaring , and contacts .
Another key feature in the business version is support for connecting to remote desktops via RDP or with client software for Citrix and VMware .
To facilitate editing of Microsoft Office documents , the Splashtop for Business will also provide integration with Zoho's Web - based office suite .
This is arguably a lot less comprehensive than a native desktop option like OpenOffice.org , but it 's a lot lighter and faster to start .
DeviceVM says that they have made document editing relatively seamless by making Office documents automatically import into Zoho when they are opened .
The company also says that the environment is built to accommodate corporate IT requirements .
It provides an update system and user policy control framework that can be remotely managed by IT departments .
Instant - on Linux has some advantages as a Windows companion on mainstream computers , but could lose some of its luster as Windows 7 and solid state drives boost boot performance and narrow the gap .
DeviceVM says Splashtop has other advantages too , in addition to swift startup .
For example , the company touts it as a fully functional fallback environment that users can rely on in the event that their regular Windows installation becomes unusable .
" The introduction of Splashtop for Business marks a significant milestone for instant - on computing , and a giant step forward in enhancing productivity , security and accessibility for today 's mobile workforce , " claimed DeviceVM CEO Mark Lee in a statement .
" Even if Windows crashes or is infected by a virus or malware , Splashtop for Business gets users back online quickly to access corporate email , data , and applications . "
I think that DeviceVM 's business offering is intriguing , but I 'm not totally sold that instant - on is going to be a must - have feature for a lot of business users .
Dell 's new always - on solution brings a killer feature to the instant - on concept and makes it more compelling than Splashtop in many ways .
Dell is one of the three hardware makers that has committed to shipping Splashtop for Business , but the Latitude ON system in the Z600 is not based on DeviceVM 's technology .
DeviceVM could not provide specific details about Dell 's plans for Splashtop , but I think it 's possible that it could show up on cheaper business systems where the OMAP board required for Dell 's own always - on system would be prohibitively expensive .
Fox News has changed the rules .
Now the press needs to change the way it covers Fox News .
Rupert Murdoch 's cable cabal is now , first and foremost , a political entity .
Fox News has transformed itself into the Opposition Party of the Obama White House , which , of course , is unprecedented for a media company in modern - day America .
That partisan embrace means the news media have to expand beyond typing up Fox News - ratings - are - up and the White - House - is - angry stories , and it needs to start treating the cable channel for what it is : a partisan animal .
The press needs to drop its longstanding gentleman 's agreement not to write about other news outlets as news players -- not to get bogged down in criticizing the competition -- because those newsroom rules no longer apply .
Fox News has exited the journalism community this year .
It 's a purely political player , and journalists ought to start covering it that way .
I understand Fox News still wants to enjoy the benefits of being seen as a news operation .
It still wants the trappings and the professional protections that go with it .
But it no longer functions as a news outlet , so why does the rest of the press naively treat it that way ?
Fox News is now at the forefront of a political movement .
As blogger Glenn Greenwald tweeted at the time of the Sept. 12 Washington , D.C. , rally :
Seems like a fairly new phenomenon that we now have a political movement led by a TV " news " outlet -- that usually happens elsewhere .
In a follow - up email to me , Greenwald noted the similarities between Fox News ' overt role in U.S. politics with places like Venezuela , where the opposition TV station led the failed 2002 coup attempt against Hugo Chavez , as well as Italy , where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , a media magnate , uses his TV ownership to agitate .
" Roger Ailes and Rupert Murdoch are really using that model to organize and galvanize this protest movement , " wrote Greenwald .
" It 's a totally Fox News - sponsored event . "
Completely detached from traditional newsroom standards , Fox News has become a political institution , and the press needs to start treating it that way .
The press needs to treat Fox News the same way it treats the Republican National Committee , even though , frankly , the RNC probably can't match the in - your - face partisanship that Fox News flaunts 24/ 7 .
Think about it : Murdoch's " news " channel now out - flanks the Republican Party when it comes to ceaseless partisan attacks on the White House .
Truth is , in recent years the RNC used to use
Fox news to help amplify the partisan raids that national Republicans launched against Democrats .
It was within the RNC that the partisan strategy was mapped out and initiated .
( i.e. it was the RNC that first pushed the Al - Gore - invented - the - Internet smear ) .
But it was on talk radio and Fox News where the partisan bombs got dropped .
Today , that relationship has , for the most part , been inversed .
Now it 's within Fox News that the partisan witch hunts are plotted and launched , and it's the RNC that plays catch - up to Glenn Beck and company .
And I 'm sorry , but the Fox News defense that it's a just a few on - air pundits who ( relentlessly ) attack the White House and that the news team still plays it straight is , at this point , a joke .
What kind of " news " team , in the span of five days , airs 22 clips of health reform forums featuring only people who oppose reform ?
What kind of " news " team tries to pass off a GOP press release as its own research -- typo and all ?
What kind of " news " team promotes a partisan political rally ?
( Or did I miss the 100 - plus free ads that CNN aired in 2003 promoting an anti-war rally ? )
As Media Matters has meticulously documented this year , there is no real difference between Fox News ' Obama - hating pundits and Fox News ' Obama - hating news team .
They have become a seamless operation at this point .
A few years ago , the dumbed - down debate surrounding Fox News was whether it truly was fair and balanced .
( It was n't . )
Today , it 's whether Fox News is truly a news organization .
( It 's not . )
Yet journalists remain way too timid in spelling out the truth .
Spooked by right - wing attacks about the so - called liberal media , Beltway media insiders , who certainly understand Fox News ' brazen political maneuver in 2009 , continue to play dumb on a massive scale and cover Fox News as a news media organization .
There are small signs that the Beltway press corps is catching on .
" The United States has two parties now -- the Obama Party and the Fox Party , " Newsweek 's Jonathan Alter recently noted .
And in the pages of The New Yorker , Hendrik Hertzberg was quite precise in spelling out the extraordinary changes under way [ emphasis added ] :
This sort of lunatic paranoia -- touched with populism , nativism , racism , and anti-intellectualism -- has long been a feature of the fringe , especially during times of economic bewilderment .
What is different now is the evolution of a new political organism , with paranoia as its animating principle .
The town - meeting shouters may be the organism 's hands and feet , but its heart -- also , Heaven help us , its brain -- is a " conservative " media alliance built around talk radio and cable television , especially Fox News .
The protesters do not look to politicians for leadership .
They look to niche media figures like Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Glenn Beck , Michael Savage , and their scores of clones behind local and national microphones .
Too often , though , journalists have danced around the obvious .
It 's important that this trend now stop .
The self - evident truth needs to be told , and news consumers need to understand the extraordinary forces that have been unleashed -- forces that dramatically altered the media landscape .
News consumers also need to understand why it 's becoming increasingly impossible to maintain any kind of public discourse regarding the issues of the day , especially health care reform , when a major so - called news organization is devoted to spreading as much misinformation as possible .
And succeeding :
In our poll , 72 % of self - identified FOX News viewers believe the health - care plan will give coverage to illegal immigrants , 79 % of them say it will lead to a government takeover , 69 % think that it will use taxpayer dollars to pay for abortions , and 75 % believe that it will allow the government to make decisions about when to stop providing care for the elderly .
Instead of telling the truth , too many journalists have ducked the issue of Fox News .
That trend was especially rampant during this summer 's health care mini-mobs , which were egged on by Murdoch 's team .
For instance , look at this passage from Newsweek , as the weekly tried to detail the anger behind the mini-mob madness while politely turning a blind eye to Fox News ' central role in it :
In contrast , there is no shortage of groups , politicians , and just plain folks intent on proving that health - care reform will lead to , say , the rationing of medical treatments , and they all seem to have a Web site , blog , and / or Facebook page .
Given that people who are sure that the U.S. government faked the moon landings ( and that Obama was born in Kenya ) can find support for their view online , how surprising is it that you can Google your way to " evidence " of all the evils of Obama - care ?
See ?
According to Newsweek , people were going " online " and using " Google " to find proof that Obama 's health care proposal was pure evil .
Perhaps .
But guess what ?
All Obama haters really had to do was flick on the TV , plop down on the couch , and watch America 's most - watched cable " news " channel fear monger with dire warnings about health care .
But Newsweek made no mention of Fox News .
Instead , it was simply " groups , " " politicians , " and " just plain folks " who were behind the wild anti-Obama rhetoric , according to Newsweek , which forgot to mention that the country 's most - watched cable news channel was driving that bus .
Indeed , this summer , Fox News was the ( literal ) elephant in the room .
The press kept trying to explain who or what was the behind the health care mini-mobs craze ; who or what was whipping people into such an unhinged , anti-Obama frenzy just seven months after the mainstream Democrat was sworn into office .
Yet time and again , refusing to acknowledge the cable channel 's purely political play , journalists politely declined to point the finger at Fox News .
For example , The New York Times belatedly published a detailed look at how the death panel lie was spread into the mainstream press .
The article was approximately 1,200 words long .
Exactly seven of those 1,200 words were set aside to acknowledge Fox News ' role .
( And only Glenn Beck was singled out . )
Again , I 'm not overstating anything when I say if it were n't for Fox News there would n't have been a death panel " debate " this summer .
Period .
It was bought and paid for by Fox News , and the whole news crew ; not just the nighttime hosts .
But the Times only set aside a fragment of a single sentence to highlight the cable channel 's irreplaceable role .
Time and again this year , the Beltway press has politely refused to call out Fox News ' new political role .
Look at this Politico passage , which was utterly typical of this year 's fare :
By doing so much , so fast , Obama gave Republicans the chance to define large swaths of the debate .
Conservatives successfully portrayed the stimulus bill as being full of pork for Democrats .
Then Obama lost control of the health care debate by letting Republicans get away with their bogus claims about " death panels . "
All the highlighted phrases , of course , are placeholders for " Fox News . "
But Politico politely declined to mention Fox News .
Politico would never place Fox News front and center of a political movement , because it 's just a media outlet .
They do n't do politics , right ?
It 's clear that in 2009 , Fox News is no longer in the business of journalism .
Fox
News is n't trying to inform people , it 's trying to misinform them .
That 's not journalism .
It 's propaganda .
But as long as the press continues to hold up the façade of journalism , Fox News will try to hide behind it .
_______
About author Eric Boehlert is a veteran progressive writer and media analyst , formerly with Media Matters and Salon .
He is the author of Lapdogs : How the Press Rolled Over for Bush and Bloggers on the Bus .
You can follow him on Twitter Eric Boehlert is a veteran progressive writer and media analyst , formerly with Media Matters and Salon .
He is the author of Lapdogs : How the Press Rolled Over for Bush and Bloggers on the Bus .
You can follow him on Twitter @ EricBoehlert
Have you found that there 's simply not enough " tactile feedback " in your porn games ?
Japanese adult game Huge Breast Fantasy aims to remedy that , coming bundled with two giant squeezable breasts and a G - cup bra .
I , uh .
Yeah .
I 'm kind of finding myself at a loss for words , here .
At first , I was wondering if perhaps the pair of squishable " oppai balls " ( oppai , of course , being the Japanese word for " titties " ) were included as an optional control method .
You know - plug them in to your computer via USB , squeeze them , watch the in - game girl react to your lascivious groping .
But no , as near as I can tell , the oppai balls have nothing to do with the actual game .
They are n't part of the interface , they 're just part of a special bundle for Huge Breast Fantasy for those who feel that the simulated touch of synthetic human flesh is worth Â ¥11,000 ( US $ 123 ) .
Even more perplexing is the fact that the included G - cup bra seems to suggest that these are meant to be worn .
Presumably by the player themselves .
I guess that 's an entirely different kind of " Huge Breast Fantasy , " to be fair .
I bet this game was secretly made by Team Ninja .
( Waffle ( NWS ) , via LiveDoor , via Kotaku )
While some conservatives were quick to disparage President Barack Obama 's Nobel prize , most Republican voices were careful to offer faint praise -- or simply to keep their mouths shut .
GOP dials down Nobel Prize criticism
While top conservative media personalities and Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele were quick to disparage Friday 's surprise awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to President Barack Obama , the response from other corners of the GOP was considerably more muted .
From the field of prospective 2012 presidential contenders to Capitol Hill , most Republican voices were careful to offer faint praise — or simply to keep their mouths shut .
Advertisement
It was the rare occasion when many of the party 's most prominent voices could agree that the most effective political response was none at all .
The thinking was that there was little need to pile on since the decision to present the award — for which Obama was nominated within his first two weeks in office — seemed to speak volumes on its own .
A senior GOP aide on Capitol Hill indicated that many top Republicans decided soon after the prize was announced that the wisest course of action was to remain silent and let people come to their own conclusions about whether the president deserved the award .
" Being awarded the Nobel Prize with such a thin resume is embarrassing for the President and creates enough problems for the White House that Republicans do n't need to pile on and end up sounding angry in the process , " the aide said .
" There should be one comment only , and that is , ' Congrats . ' "
It was a striking departure from last week 's approach to the International Olympic Committee 's snub of Chicago , when many in the GOP publicly reveled in the IOC 's rejection of Obama 's efforts and exposed the party to charges that Republicans were cheering against America .
While Steele issued a statement questioning Obama 's right to the award even before the President had stepped to the White House podium to accept the honor , the GOP chair was nearly alone among major party figures with his pointed criticism .
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee predicted Friday morning that " there will be an outcry from those on the right who will say that Obama 's nomination , made two weeks into his Presidency , is impossible to justify but I think such an outcry will sound like right - wing whining . "
" [ T ] he better response , " Huckabee insisted , " is simply to allow those on the left to explain what he did in his first two weeks as President that merited such recognition . "
Soon after Huckabee 's statement , Minnesota GOP Gov.
Tim Pawlenty said on his weekly Minneapolis - area radio show that " regardless of the circumstance , any time someone wins a Nobel Prize , I think an appropriate response is to say congratulations . "
" I know there 's going to be some people who are saying ' Was it based on good intentions and thoughts , or is it going to be based on results ? ' "
Pawlenty continued .
" But I think the appropriate response or an appropriate response is , when anybody wins a Nobel Prize , you know that is a very noteworthy development and designation and award , and I think the proper response is to say congratulations . "
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin did not respond to several requests for comment .
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , who attacked the president last week for traveling to Copenhagen to lobby for the failed Olympics effort , declined comment .
The party 's 2008 presidential nominee , John McCain , was more forthcoming .
During a taping of CNN's " State of the Union , " the Arizona senator said that he is " sure the President understands that he now has even more to live up to .
But as Americans , we 're proud when our president receives an award of that prestigious category . "
His GOP Senate colleague , Orrin Hatch of Utah , expressed that he was " surprised " by the news , but nevertheless lauded Obama .
" Whenever an American receives an important international honor , it reflects positively not only on the achievements of that individual but also on our nation as a whole , " Hatch said .
" So I am very pleased that President Obama has been honored with the Nobel Peace Prize , and I commend him for it . "
But like Pawlenty , Hatch qualified his praise .
" I must confess , though , that I am surprised that the honor did not go to someone like former President Bill Clinton , who has raised more than a billion dollars for international humanitarian relief , " the Republican senator added .
" Of course , conservatives never expect to receive such recognition .
Even Ronald Reagan never received the Nobel Peace Prize for ending the Cold War . "
While many commentators noted that the decision to award Obama was , at least in some part , a reflection of the European committee 's antipathy toward former President George W. Bush -- since 2002 , award recipients have included Bush critics and opponents including former President Jimmy Carter , former Vice President Al Gore and Dr. Mohamed ElBaradei of the International Atomic Energy Agency -- none of the former Bush administration officials contacted by POLITICO took a swipe at Obama or the committee .
Asked if she would like to comment on the president 's win , former White House press secretary Dana Perino responded : " Beyond offering my congratulations at this point , no . "
Not everyone in the party was singing from the same hymnal .
But after Steele 's initial outburst of criticism -- he called the selection " unfortunate " -- enabled the Democratic National Committee to immediately hit back by comparing the RNC chairman 's reaction to the Taliban 's official response to the news , criticism of Obama was largely relegated to the right - wing blogosphere and radio and cable television talk shows .
GOP strategist John Weaver told POLITICO that party leaders remained quiet " probably because they know -- focused by acute self interest -- that people are not attracted to whiners and titty - babies . "
" Applaud when an American city loses an Olympic bid ?
Mock a president winning the Nobel Prize ?
This may play well on Glenn Beck 's block , but it is a loser with the vast majority of American people , " he said .
GOPAC Chairman Frank Donatelli added that " the criticism for this curious choice belongs on the Nobel Committee that made the award .
Republicans should focus on holding the president accountable for the lofty expectations that his campaign generated .
His greatest achievements hopefully still lie ahead . "
The crash happened on the M8 , east of Glasgow city centre
A 65 - year - old man has died in a collision on the M8 in Glasgow after he drove his Peugeot 206 in the wrong direction down the motorway .
Henry McGraith , from Bellshill , North Lanarkshire , died at the scene after colliding with a Hyundai I30 driven by a woman on the eastbound carriageway .
The crash happened near junction 15 Townhead , close to Glasgow Royal Infirmary , at about 2330 GMT on Monday .
The injured woman , 21 , is said to be in a stable condition in the infirmary .
The drivers of two other vehicles received minor injuries after they crashed taking evasive action .
The motorway eastbound was closed throughout the night but reopened at about 0645 GMT .
Seven ambulances were sent to the scene of the crash .
Police urged witnesses to contact them .
By David Warren - October 21 , 2009
The significance of Israel to the west is out of all proportion to her size and in direct relation to her place , on the front line .
The country is unambiguously western , and not only her institutions but the way they operate leave no doubt of this .
When , for instance , there are allegations that Israeli troops have committed crimes , in the course of military operations , there is an investigation .
The contents and conclusions of that investigation are invariably made known .
There will most certainly be open public discussion , and Israel 's press is remarkably free .
The country is full of what we can easily recognize as " liberal " people , indeed more than to my taste , and I am frequently amazed that people who live within a mile of an enemy who obviously wants them dead , can blather on so glibly .
I find it a source of discouragement : for at one level I had always assumed that " the prospect of a hanging concentrates the mind " -- that people whose minds have been scrambled by moral relativism must necessarily wake up , when their own extinction is in view .
But no , they only turn in their sleep .
The significance of Israel is that she stands proxy for America and the West in the minds of our most lethal enemies .
In Islamist propaganda she is the " Little Satan , " as the U.S. is the " Big Satan . "
And while there is plenty of blood - curdling anti-Semitism in Islamist pronouncements , there is also clarity about the long - term goal .
First destroy " the Jewish entity " of Israel , because she is exposed .
Then destroy " the Christian entity . "
The U.S. is held constantly in view as the ultimate target , to accomplish this ; and the destruction of Israel is constantly presented as a means to it .
I 've never noticed any subtlety in this propaganda .
Whether it is rejected by the whole Arab and Muslim world -- whether that world secretly longs for peace and normal relations with Israel , as with America and the West -- is moot .
The frontline states , around Israel , and all of the Arab regional powers , speak of the country only as a pariah .
Against this hard and seemingly inalterable background , western policies are made .
The Camp David accords , more than a generation ago , promised real change in this background condition , falsely .
Thirty years later , the Egyptian government has reverted to type and , quite frankly , they fear their own people too much to show the slightest public generosity towards Israel or Israelis ( even if there is much co-operation behind the scenes ) .
It is against this background that we watched the latest anti-Israel stunt unfold in the United Nations , whose corrupt Human Rights Council -- loaded with some of the worst violators of real human rights on the planet -- commissioned the Goldstone report to advance the international battle against Israel .
This investigation of " war crimes , " during the Israeli military campaign against Hamas in Gaza , was explicitly anti-Israel , for it began from the premise that a legitimate sovereign state , governing an open society , could be put on a level with a terrorist organization ruling a closed society .
The conclusion was cheaply , " both sides committed war crimes , " but the open celebration of the report by Hamas , and outrage even from liberal elements in Israeli society , tells us what we need to know about it .
Richard Goldstone , the South African lawyer and judge , long a darling of the politically correct , was an inspired choice for the task : a man who is technically a Jew .
He is a man who did well out of the old apartheid regime ; who switched sides to do even better under the African National Congress .
He had , and retains , an appalling record for casually announcing very serious and consequential allegations , and then not bothering to follow up with evidence .
His outrageous behaviour as prosecutor for the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia -- repeatedly announcing " grounds for prosecution " with sublime indifference to correct procedure , earned him condemnation from judges in the Hague .
His suggestion that Israel knowingly invaded Gaza not in order to attack the terrorist infrastructure of Hamas , but to inflict maximum harm on its defenceless people , by way of some scheme of " collective punishment " -- was of a type with his earlier performances .
The information in his report was overwhelmingly hearsay supplied from Hamas - controlled sources .
But what was mostly insinuated in his report has now been formally declared by the sponsoring Human Rights Council , which tabled a resolution Friday to make Israel answerable to the International Criminal Court , for Goldstone 's amorphous charges .
The U.S. , which under the Obama administration has reversed Bush policy by actually joining and funding this HRC , of course voted against the resolution , but made no serious effort to defeat it .
By refusing to withdraw from the council now , the U.S. government is again signalling its willingness to seek favour from its own worst enemies , by throwing Israel to the wolves .
The USS New York is 684 feet long , cost $ 1 billion to build , and can carry up to 800 Marines .
The Navy assault ship also has 7.5 tons of steel recovered from the World Trade Center forged into its bow .
The ship , scheduled to be commissioned Nov. 7 , arrived in New York City today .
G uys will tell you that they want a woman that looks , well , like the women on our site ; curvy , sexy , the textbook definition of the fairer sex .
What they wo n't tell you is that they also secretly desire the exact opposite ; a sleek , toned fighting machine that would just as soon punch you in the face as they would make you breakfast .
Indeed , as a testament to Darwin 's visionary thinking , we have seen the development of a hybrid of those two types , women with the body of a centerfold and the eye of the tiger .
Evolution : nature 's wish factory .
In honor of this magnificent advancement in the human race , Bullz - Eye pays tribute to the ten women that can kick our collective asses any day of the week .
If this looks like familiar territory , it 's because it is – in this month 's installment of our year - long TV Girlfriends piece , we honor what we 've dubbed the Fox Force Five – which is why we are sticking to the world of movies here , in order to avoid double - dipping .
Double - dipping ?
Forgive us , but with women like these , the double entendres pretty much write themselves .
The Bride ( a.k.a. Beatrix Kiddo )
Uma Thurman , " Kill Bill "
The Klingons may say that " revenge is a dish best served cold , " but that does n't mean revenge has to be cold - blooded .
The borderline superhuman , hyper - deadly protagonist of the " Kill Bill " films is as passionate as she is brutally efficient .
As played in one of the most astonishing tour de force film performances of recent years by Uma Thurman , the Bride 's roaring rampage of bloody revenge may be relentless and without mercy , but it 's also filled with controlled emotion .
It 's much more than a wounded sense of honor that motivates her as she seeks out those who left her for dead while slaughtering her defenseless , record - store owning fiancé and her entire wedding party .
No , when it finally comes time to take on the man behind it all , the father of the child she was about to bear , we realize that what 's motivating the entire orgy of vengeance is thwarted love , both the romantic and the parental kind .
The woman born Beatrix Kiddo may be a perfectly trained , natural born genius of murder who happens to be absolutely stunning even while drenched in blood , but she 's still capable of deep affection , even for the man who ordered her death .
That 's real beauty .
Foxy Brown
Pam Grier , " Foxy Brown "
The undisputed queen of Blaxploitation … and we mean that in the most complimentary way possible .
When we first meet Foxy Brown in the film which bears her name , she offers us a wink and a smile as Willie Hutch performs her ass - shaking theme song .
Things only get better from there , with Foxy demonstrating her mad driving skills as she saves her brother from getting his ass kicked , but it is n't until her boyfriend – government agent Michael Anderson – is shot down in cold blood by The Man that she really starts kicking ass herself … and getting some serious revenge .
To confirm that her inclusion in this list is a must , however , we need only cite one specific example .
Once Foxy finally catches up with Katherine Wall , the woman ultimately responsible for Michael 's death , she kills two of Katherine 's men and shoots her in the arm , but the denouement comes with Foxy presenting Katherine with her boyfriend Steve 's penis in a jar , saying , " The rest of your man is still around , and I hope you two live a long time , then maybe you can feel some of what I feel .
Death is too easy for you , bitch .
I want you to suffer . "
Damn , baby !
Sarah Connor
Linda Hamilton , " Terminator "
She was just a simple California girl living the single life , and then in an instant , the fate of mankind lay in her hands ( or more accurately , her womb ) .
And unlike the other women on this list , who were faced with dispatching mere mortals , Sarah Connor had to deal with an unstoppable killing machine from the future .
But stop it she did , though those rat bastards at Cyberdyne covered it all up and had her sent to the loony bin for sabotaging their facility .
What we like most about Sarah is that when we first meet her , she 's just like us ; she does n't have extraordinary abilities , or a take - no - prisoners mentality .
She 's just a girl who gets a quick lesson in toughening up because if she does n't , she 's dead .
Of course , we also love Sarah because she looked fabulous as both a curvy soft body and a military - minded hard body .
She may not be the most physically intimidating woman on this list , but her will power might be the deadliest weapon any of these women possesses .
Cherry Darling
Rose McGowan , " Grindhouse "
Cherry Darling may start out as just another damsel in distress at the beginning of Robert Rodriguez 's " Planet Terror , " but after she 's saved from an army of biologically mutated zombies , the sexy stripper / aspiring stand - up comic unknowingly begins her training to become the future leader of the human resistance .
Though Cherry already had a killer body before a particularly hungry zombie ripped off one of her legs ( heck , she even looked good with a piece of wood sticking out of it ) , it literally becomes a killing machine when El Wray is done with her .
And to be honest , we much prefer the replacement that he attaches to her stump .
After all , if your girlfriend was stuck in the middle of a zombie apocalypse , what would you rather she had : a human leg or an AK - 47 with an attached grenade launcher that causes a slight limp ?
We 'd choose the latter , especially after seeing the kind of damage that Cherry can cause when combined with some basic pole - dancing movies .
The ultimate male fantasy does n't get much closer than that .
Xenia Onatopp
Famke Janssen , " Goldeneye "
That our list would include a Bond girl in some capacity was pretty much a given , but which one ?
And would she be a heroine or a villainess ?
With such delightful double - entendre names as Pussy Galore , Plenty O'Toole , and Holly Goodhead , the competition was fierce , but when push came to shove , we had to go with the woman whose thighs could make a grown man cry…and then die .
Based on the way she took down Admiral Farrell at the beginning of " Goldeneye , " it 's probable that Onatopp could 've taken the Canadian Forces Maritime Command in no time flat .
She 's ridiculously hot , but the fact that she clearly derives sexual arousal from violence and gunplay ( remember her moans of pleasure as she fired off her AKSU - 74 carbine ? ) make her a very scary partner , indeed .
Basically , if she 's turned on , then you 're not long for this world .
Though some might question her ass - kicking abilities due to the fact that , by the end of " Goldeneye , " Onatopp is six feet under , we say this : whether they 're living or dead , anyone who can crush the life out of someone with nothing but the power of their thighs deserves your respect .
Jane Smith
Angelina Jolie , " Mr. & Mrs. Smith "
Angelina Jolie has been most generous when it comes to giving the world ass - kicking hotties , but with all due respect to the tomb - raiding Lara Croft and the bullet - curving Fox from " Wanted , " Jane Smith gets our vote for three reasons : the sheer volume of her work , her ability to juggle her life as a contract killer with her ordinary suburban cover as the wife of John Smith , and for taking the time to do some dirty dancing in a thunderstorm .
Of course , Jane does n't know that John is also an assassin until each is assigned to kill the other , and the merging of her work life with her home life causes Jane to supernova in spectacular fashion ( their first attempt at killing each other ends in the best sex they 've had in ages ) .
Soon the conservative black tops with pearl necklaces and hair piled into a super - tight bun slowly give way to white sheer blouses and tousled , just - finished - having - sex hair … and Jane kills ten times as many people as she did before .
Our best guess is that she got the drop on at least half of them as they stared longingly at her cleavage .
Trinity
Carrie - Anne Moss , " The Matrix "
She 's a computer hacker who treats leather clothing like a second skin , possesses an intimate knowledge of martial arts , and has nearly as many confirmed kills as Rambo .
She can also defy gravity and has the legs of a runway model .
In other words , she 's a fanboy 's wet dream , the Kelly Brock character from " Weird Science " with a late - ‘90s makeover .
Neo may be The One , but Trinity is The One You Don't Fuck With , a born fighter fiercely devoted to the cause who can deliver a debilitating kick to the face , even if her opponent is standing behind her .
Carrie - Anne Moss was an inspired casting choice to bring Trinity to life ; her previous work on " Models , Inc. " speaks for her hotness , but not too hot , lest she make for an unrealistic badass .
( Jessica Alba , for example , will never get a part like this . )
Her look also proved to be quite influential in the coming years .
Just ask our next honoree …
Selene
Kate Beckinsale , " Underworld "
Carrie - Anne
Moss may have been the first to don the look in " The Matrix , " but Kate Beckinsale takes skin - tight leather to new levels of sexiness as the Death Dealer Selene in the " Underworld " series .
Squeezed into a black leather catsuit and armed with an arsenal of weapons including a pair of Walther P99s , full automatic Berettas , and silver nitrate bullets , Selene is n't your typical female vampire .
While all the other girls in the coven are busy partying it up with their fellow neck - biters , she actually makes use of her superhuman abilities by playing an integral part in the war against the Lycans .
For as much as we love watching Selene take down her furry adversaries , however , she 's at her most impressive when fighting her own kind – like slicing bigger and badder vampires in half with a big-ass sword .
The fact that she can do all that and still walk away looking like a supermodel is certainly impressive , but it 's the British accent that really drives us wild .
River Tam
Summer Glau , " Serenity "
A mega-genius with a severe psychosis induced by the heartless agents of the interplanetary Alliance , River Tam – the elfin human secret weapon of " Serenity " and the " Firefly " television series before it – is a whole lot more than an adorable but potentially deadly basket case .
As portrayed with sensitivity and grace by doe- eyed ballerina - turned - actress Summer Glau , the tragedy of her situation is never far from our minds .
Still very young and incredibly gifted , she has been violated and damaged by brutal forces bent on turning her into a human weapon of war .
Because she 's in such obvious pain , Glau 's River Tam brings out our protective side , while at the same time scaring us half to death with her seemingly inexplicable , near deadly rages .
Finally she inspires awe when she learns , not a moment too soon , to appropriately channel her gracefully destructive skills .
Gorgeous , vulnerable , sweet , deeply loyal , troubled , a little scary , and able to slaughter scores of enraged cannibals with a scythe – what more can you want in a woman ?
Catwoman ( a.k.a. Selina Kyle )
Michelle Pfeiffer , " Batman Returns "
Until she no longer draws a breath , Michelle Pfeiffer will have our vote for the most beautiful woman on the planet ( all apologies to Helen Mirren ) , so she was going to find a home on this list even if it meant Photoshopping her into Xena , Warrior Princess ' battle armor .
Fortunately that was n't necessary ( which is good , because that would have just looked silly ) , since Pfeiffer played the most formidable female to ever tango with Bruce Wayne .
Poor Selina was never the same after her conniving boss Max Shreck shoved her out of that window , but that is actually a good thing .
The brush with death awakened her inner , um , cougar , and like her alter ego namesake , made her damn near indestructible .
Selina soon prowled the streets to give would - be predators a most unpleasant facial , and was nearly as unforgiving with the women they preyed upon .
In her spare time , she blew up her employer 's department stores , and ultimately , her employer .
Selina Kyle puts the ‘ ow ' in ‘ meow . '
HONORABLE MENTIONS
Charlie's Angels ( Cameron Diaz , Drew Barrymore , Lucy Liu )
Do you prefer blondes , redheads or brunettes ?
Take your pick .
Mystique , X - Men ( Rebecca Romijn )
Because when she is n't shape - shifting to look like someone else , she looks like Rebecca Romijn .
Ellen Ripley , Alien ( Sigourney Weaver )
Fun fact : when she is n't taking a flamethrower to an acre of alien eggs , she likes to hypersleep in her undies .
Starbuck , Battlestar Galactica ( Katee Sackhoff )
She 's no Dirk Benedict , but , funnily enough , we are n't nearly as bothered by that as we thought we used to be .
Varla , Faster Pussycat , Kill ! Kill ! ( Tura Santana )
A sentimental pick , as she was our first time , as in the first time we saw a woman kill a man with her bare hands .
Plus , look at that rack !
Many left - wing liberals , who have long been the self - crowned champions of civil liberties , are now pining for a socialist command economy .
They forget the long established concept that the free market and civil liberties are intertwined .
One cannot live in a country that practices central planning while still retaining civil liberties .
Likewise , one cannot live in a free market country that is devoid of freedom .
Free markets and free people are one and the same ; inseparable .
Leftists do not understand that people cannot be free under a socialist government .
They see things through the red tinted glasses of a communist ; they truly believe that what we see as economic freedom is actually the exploitation of the working class , and that it should be destroyed .
However , that is an asinine assumption that fails when put to the test by facts .
Communism and socialism are actually systems in which the worker is exploitated ; the fruits of his labors are confiscated by the government and he is stripped of his civil liberties , reducing him to little more than a meaningless slave to the almighty State .
Capitalism and the free market actually empowers the worker , despite what the Red rhetoric and propaganda claims .
In a free society , the worker has the right to choose his or her place of employment , join or even create a labor union , collectively bargain , and when he wants ( if ever ) to quit or change his job .
Under a collectivist system , the worker has none of those choices .
If , for example , a textile worker in the former Soviet Union ( a communist state ) wanted to change jobs , he would have to appeal to a myriad of bureaucracies and internal bureaus .
Even after several months of bargaining , he most likely would stay where he was .
If he spoke further about the matter of took action by staging a strike , he'd be either jailed or executed , probably both .
A prime example of the oppression inherent in collectivist systems comes from Maoist China during Chairman Mao Tse - tung 's Cultural Revolution .
During the Cultural Revolution and the ensuing Great Lead Forward ( both failed government programs which resulted in the deaths of hundreds of millions of ethnic Chinese ) , people were forced by the provisional revolutionary government to take whatever job they were ordered to perform .
During the Cultural Revolution , most , if not all doctors were executed for supposedly being “ bourgeoisie ” and , thus , an enemy of the People 's Republic .
Obviously , the country needed doctors to carry out medical care for the massive population , so they had to replace the workforce of doctors .
Who did they pick to do this ?
Nurses , nurses assistants , and janitorial staff .
Nurses , who had no real surgical training to speak of , were routinely ordered by armed soldiers of the PLA ( Chinese People 's Liberation Army ) to carry out surgical procedures they were woefully unprepared to do .
If they refused , they were executed for being “ counterrevolutionary ” .
How would you feel if you were having surgery that day ?
Moreover , how would you feel as a lowly nurse to be standing over a man on an operating table all the while being forced to carry out open - heart surgery with a gun pressed to the back of your head ?
So much for the “ worker 's paradise ” , huh ?
Communist and socialist countries worldwide are notorious for their wanton use of propaganda and blatant lies when it comes to the true workings ( and failures ) of their economic system .
The Soviet Union pioneered the usage of such techniques when used for communist means .
The Soviets had several phrases to describe their type of government to make it attractive to others : “ people 's republic ” , “ dictatorship of the proletariat ” , “ worker 's paradise ” , etc .
These phrases in and of themselves are meaningless and often contradictory words .
However , these words can be wielded as weapons by socialists , who still use them today to make Marxism look appealing to the masses of workers , who often buy into the lie that communism “ sets them free ” ( from what , happiness ? ) .
The real tragedy inherent in Marxist theory is that the workers only realize they 've been tricked after they 've already been enslaved .
Unfortunately for them , once you 've sold yourself lock , stock , and barrel into slavery , there is n't an easy way out of it , short of armed revolution .
As I stated above , free markets equal free people .
Generally speaking , the freer the market , the freer the people .
The sinister danger lurking in the feel - good socialist policies of the Marxists is that totalitarianism is simply inevitable under a socialist economic system .
No government can totally own the economy and not touch civil liberties .
The socialist state has an inherent , unquenchable thirst for total power and control over the populace , and the economy is simply the first casualty in an ongoing Marxist crusade against liberty .
Civil liberties come after the economy ; liberty under a collectivist system is sequentially eliminated like dominoes knocking each other over , a chain reaction , if you will .
Evidence supporting the above statement abounds .
Take , for example , East and West Germany .
After World War Two , Germany was carved up into two parts , a Communist East controlled by the Soviet Red Army , and a Capitalist West controlled by the Allied armies .
Soon enough , the infamous Berlin Wall was built to prevent East Germans from defecting to West Germany and border crossings in general .
Over the next forty years , East Germans illegally climbing the Berlin Wall were shot in droves for trying desperately to escape the tyranny of Communism .
Men of all walks of life literally gave their lives in an elusive search for freedom .
East German soldiers jumped over the Wall themselves to perhaps get a taste of freedom .
Even children defected – a twelve year old boy was shot at least five times in the back by East German border guards ( Grenztruppen ) while swimming across a canal to West Germany .
He miraculously survived , and went on to be a successful West German doctor .
All the while , not a single West German died in an attempt to defect to East Germany .
This , of course , was due to the fact that the West was a capitalist country with a free market , and , thus , a free people .
East Germany , a socialist nation and puppet state of the USSR ( Soviet Union ) , was a terribly oppressive nation .
The population constantly lived in fear , and were always under the watchful eyes of the Stasi , the East German equivalent of the KGB .
The tyranny was simply too much for some people to take , and they died trying to escape rather than tolerate socialism .
Think of it this way – if children are being shot trying to escape the country with their lives , chances are something very wrong is going on there .
That , of course , would be Marxism , which people would rather die than endure .
This led to the anticommunist chant “ better dead than Red ” .
We must never forget the terror of socialism , and we should never let anyone try to bring socialism to the United States .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
In its first big move to implement the stricter ad guidelines it introduced this summer , Facebook recently suspended applications that served advertisements with deceptive content within them .
The apps were suspended without warning , leaving developers confused as to why Facebook took this action and did n’t give them a chance to handle the offending ads first , according to Nick O’Neill over at All Facebook , who first reported the story over the weekend .
This confusion is likely a result of a problem we discussed earlier : Facebook ’s vagueness about how its ad approval process actually works .
When Facebook announced it would update its ad guidelines in July , we wondered what kind of an effect this would have on the ad network ecosystem .
Though the Palo Alto , Calif . - based company warned developers that they would be held accountable for any ads featured within their apps , it seemed the ad networks would be affected the most .
At that point , Facebook had already banned two ad networks , SocialReach and SocialHour , for its spammy ads .
Yet Facebook ’s suspension of certain apps have made it clear that even developers will face swift punishment if they violate the social network ’s new ad policies .
So far , Familybuilder ’s Family Tree app and Family Link ’s
We ’re Related app were suspended on Friday night for having “ misleading ” ads within them , Inside Facebook reports .
Yesterday , Paul Jeffries from Facebook ’s Platform Policy team posted the following on the company ’s Developer Forum :
In addition to prior enforcements , recently some applications were temporarily suspended for running a high percentage of violating ads .
These poor ads — even from a small number of applications — can diminish user confidence in all advertising , adversely impacting the entire Platform ecosystem .
However , these apps were not permanently disabled , and assuming there are no other policy violations , will be restored in several days at the end of the scheduled suspensions .
We do want to note that in some cases apps may be permanently disabled for ad violations .
Additionally , Facebook told us today that apps “ have been suspended or warned weekly ” since its announcement in July , and there “ was enforcement taken last Monday and Tuesday ” before it suspended other apps on Friday .
The social network said some of the affected apps would be back up and running on the platform today .
When asked to elaborate on its ad approval process , Facebook told us in an email that :
Bad ads come to our attention through routine regular monitoring of applications , and reports from users , developers , and ad networks .
We regularly talk with the major ad networks about our expectations , providing guidance on particular policies and feedback about bad ads we ’re seeing .
We also talk with developers about violations and how we can better assist their monitoring efforts .
When we see policy violating ads within an application we will warn , temporarily suspend the application , or permanently disable it , depending on the nature and pervasiveness of the violations and the developer ’s history .
Facebook found that two advertisements from RockYou , one of the major ad networks on the social network , violated its ad policy .
While Jeffries ’ statement yesterday yielded some angry comments from app developers , RockYou Chief Revenue Officer Roi Choi Ro Choy said Facebook was right to take this action .
“ Were we surprised ?
Yes , this happened without prior notice to us .
But in order for this policy environment to work , they have to do that .
Facebook is just enforcing their own policy . ”
Indeed , Facebook has made it clear that it means business when it comes to cracking down on spam - like or misleading ads .
But what ’s left to be seen is what miffed developers will do as as result of the company ’s actions .
French revolt as less than ten Austrians show up at clinics in major city
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Wednesday , Oct 28 , 2009
The mass rejection of the H1N1 flu shot continues in Europe , prompted by fears over the vaccine ’s safety , with extremely low percentages of people saying they intend to take it .
In France , a poll published in the Dimanche Ouest - France newspaper and reported on by the country ’s biggest newspaper Le Monde , reveals that just 17 % of the population now intend to get vaccinated .
A rough translation of the article reads :
According to a poll published Sunday in West - France , only 17 % of the French will consider getting vaccinated against influenza H1N1 .
In Mid-September , 55 % of respondents said they would get vaccinated .
Nearly one in two surveyed is clearly opposed to the vaccine .
The evolution of these figures can be explained by the reduction of anxiety felt over the virus .
A month ago , 32 % of respondents said they were “ worried ” , that figure has dropped to 16 % .
The figures come in the wake of efforts on behalf of nine individuals who have filed formal charges in the French courts claiming that the H1N1 mass vaccination campaign is a deliberate attempt to poison the French population .
The drop in numbers willing to take the vaccine mirrors that in Germany where just 13 % now say they are willing to take the shot , down from 51 % in July .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Meanwhile , state media in Austria reports that yesterday , on the first day the H1N1 vaccine became available , less than ten people attended vaccine centers in the country ’s fourth largest city , Salzburg .
“ The organisational situation is the same as if you invite people to a party and you do n’t know whether to make three or 5,000 sandwiches . ”
Norbert Muss , the head doctor of the regional health insurance association commented .
The Flu Case website reports that a poll to be published later this week in Luxembourg indicates that 77 % of the country has no intention of getting the vaccine , while 15 % are undecided .
In addition , the site suggests that radio reports out of Poland have revealed only 3 % of the population of Kraków , one of the countries largest cities , plan on taking the vaccination .
Mass rejection of the vaccine has been reported throughout Europe , with large portions of Danes , Finns , Spanish , Belgians and Dutch and British people also saying they do not intend to take the shot .
The number of refusniks is set to increase following reports late last week of severe side effects and even deaths in Sweden and Bulgaria that may have been linked with the vaccine .
Significant refusal of the vaccine is also rife among populations of the U.S. , Canada and China .
This article was posted : Wednesday , October 28 , 2009 at 10:24 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
by
A few weeks ago XDA Developers folk managed to get Google Maps Navigation working on the T - Mobile G1 .
Of course , the navigation side of the software only worked in the USA and if using in Canada , Europe and anywhere else in the world you simply did n’t have the option to use navigation .
Yet again the XDA forums people have managed to solve this problem and Google Maps Navigation can now work on your G1 along with the navigation features out of the USA .
Details of how to get navigation working can be found over on this thread .
To get the application working with Navigation on your G1 then follow the instructions below , but I highly recommend you read over all the details on XDA Forums to make sure you get the install right .
Also note that you do this sort of stuff at your own risk … ie , if you end up with a brick then do n’t go blaming anyone .
Find It
If you believe , that the searched content should still be somewhere on this site , you might wish to check out this site 's navigation .xml navigation page .
Fired ?
You may have a wrongful termination case .
Do not sign anything until you learn your rights .
Over 23 years of experience & over $ 25 million won .
Call Arthur Navarette , ESQ . and get solid advise .
If you have been wrongfully terminated , get experienced legal advise from a true expert .
We will negotiate a superior severance package for you or take your case to mediation or trial if your company refuses to fairly compensate you .
What Is Wrongful Termination Under California Law
Below are just a few examples of wrongful termination under California law :
Terminating you after you reported that the conditions at work were unsafe
Terminating you for a bogus reason , but the real reason is discrimination due to factors such as your age , race , disability , sexual orientation , pregnancy or cancer diagnosis
Terminating you in retaliation for reporting or threatening to report any illegal activity such as employer fraud or not paying overtime
Terminating you in retaliation against you for supporting the complaint of someone else for sexual harassment or workplace discrimination
Terminating you in retaliation for you filing a workers ' compensation claim or for taking FMLA or maternity leave
Terminating you after reporting that you or someone else was sexually harassed at work
Terminating you after you blew the whistle on your employer for illegal conduct , or what you believed to be illegal conduct , to a government agency
Put Our Experience And Resources On Your Side
Wrongful termination attorney Arthur Navarette has over 23 years of experience and understands how traumatic and destructive the sudden loss of a job can be .
Unless you were terminated for serious misconduct , you may have a good case against your former employer for wrongful termination .
We will fight for you .
Our record of case results is proof of our dedication to every case and obtaining superior results for our clients .
Call The Navarette Law Firm at 408.275.9500 or contact us via email to schedule your consultation .
Mr. Navarette personally will explain your legal rights and options to you in an easy to understand manner , so you get compensated and separate from your employer in the best possible way in order to obtain suitable employment elsewhere and get a fresh start .
Who has n’t dreamt about being a high roller or , better yet , a whale and live the luxurious life of betting and winning big ?
I know I have and that ’s why I decided to share my high roller experience with you .
Not that I am or ever was one , but I got the opportunity to spend 24 hours with one .
How come ?
That ’s a really interesting story and perhaps I will share it with you , but some other time .
As I was saying , I spent 24 hours with one of the biggest bettors in the UK and not only , who I will not name for obvious reasons .
We ’ll just call him mister X .
He mainly plays in land - based locations , but online too , because he is good at picking the right high stakes casino .
He is 40 - ish , but despite his hectic life , he does n’t look older than 30 .
So , here is what a day of mister X looks like .
Mister X gets up in the afternoon , after having went to bed in the early hours of the dawn , probably still hyped from the previous night ’s events and with slightly hungover .
His first meal will be a plate of fruit , freshly squeezed juice and a lot of coffee .
Oh , and two aspirins on the side .
Yes , most high rollers keep a healthy diet and work out whenever time permits it .
Our mister X has a special room from working out , where he has a treadmill and some other fitness equipment .
The room has one wall all windows , so he has the most amazing view while he trains .
But this is not what you are interested in , so let ’s jump to the gambling part .
He makes a call and says to me ‘ let ’s do this ’ .
We go downstairs and there is this huge limousine baring the name of the casino we would go to waiting for us .
In the limo , we have few glasses of champagne – because that is part of the high roller ’s life , and make small talk , when all of a sudden he becomes very serious and says that he needs a minute to free his mind before we arrive .
We reached the casino and he was instantly greeted by a very beautiful and refined young woman – the hostess , no doubt and the head manager of the casino .
They know him all too well and they have the utmost respect for him .
Not for the money he plays , for the way he does it .
He is classy , quiet , good looking and always knows how to talk to people .
After a couple of minutes , we are taken to a private gaming room , with three tables – blackjack , roulette and baccarat .
The tables were closed , they open them and change the table limits sign , raising the stakes for him .
The room is his , no one else can enter or play at any of the three tables .
He kindly greets the dealers and sits at the blackjack table first .
He is allowed a maximum of 5,000 per hand , times 9 hands , he bets a total of 45,000 per deal , not counting doubles or splits .
He gets a good run and after an hour or so , he is already up 300,000 .
Yes , just like that .
He does n’t count cards , he does n’t make mistakes and he does n’t talk all that much .
Once the second shoe is done and t’s shuffle time , he moves over to the roulette , to have a go at it .
He does n’t sit , he prefers to stand .
He plays number completes , which total around 80,000 per spin .
He gets a few hits , but nothing big , so we move to the baccarat table , which we did n’t leave for 6 hours straight .
He first had a good run , then a bad one , then they raised the limit for him once more .
He was betting big and I could see that his calmness was slowly , but surely dissipating .
Nevertheless , he keeps his cool and manages to turn things around , to the point that he already had a one million marker in front of him , with many other chips and cards .
My high roller turned into a whale in front of my eyes , but he remained the same modest , cool and calm person .
He made a little over a million for around 10 hours , they he said to me ‘ let ’s have a night cap and call it a day !’.
Amazing person .
I always had a different impression of what high rollers are like , but mister X sure proved me wrong .
You are here : Home All Articles / Photographing Bauhaus and David J of Bauhaus .
Photographing Bauhaus and David J of Bauhaus .
I have always had a camera in my hands , in some way or another .
I have not always had the best cameras either , but I always made due with what I have had .
My parents always gave me cameras when I was a kid and I always shot black and white film .
I have since gotten a few digital cameras and one of my cameras was an Olympus 5050 .
Not exactly your professional Dslr , but it was all I could afford and it had a whopping 5 mega pixels , so of course the pictures will be better right ? 😉
I started shooting clubs with a Sony that was only 3.2 Mp , and upgraded to this camera .
I had a friend who could get me into shows with my camera and get me upfront to shoot these bigger name bands .
One such band was Bauhaus , The Godfathers of Gothic Music .
So here I was at 4Th and B , downtown San Diego , shooting Bauhaus with my chintzy Olympus 5050 and I got to go into the back room where the band hung out , after the show because I had a photo pass .
Well not exactly , I had to obscure my photo pass and pretend it was a backstage pass and I got back there to the dressing rooms .
I talked with Kevin Haskins the drummer for a while , I really liked a mix he did of The Missing Persons song “ Mental Hopscotch “ .
I tried to talk to Daniel Ash , but he was all over the place and would n’t sit still .
Anyway I left after a while , as David J( Haskins , Kevin ’s big brother ) Left , and so did Peter Murphy .
There was nothing left to do beside ripping a set list off the dressing room door .
I posted my pictures to GothicSanDiego.com , my little goth site I run for San Diego .
A few weeks later I get an email from some guy who says he ’s David j and wants a copy of a picture I took of him at the concert for Bass Player magazine .
Yeah Right , whatever guy .
So I go to David J’s website and shoot him an email asking him if he did in fact email me .
and then I emailed Bass Player Magazine .
I got an email back from David J and it was in fact him that emailed me , and Bass Player Mag also confirmed it .
So of all the images he could have picked , he picks one I did n’t really like .
It was n’t the clearest , but it was the one he wanted .
So ok , rock star to say to a rock star ?
No , I do n’t like that one ?
Anyway he took the image , I got published in Bass Player Magazine , and that was the start of a few more cool shoots with David J , which I ’ll tell you about in another post .
Below is the photo published in Bass Player Magazine , and a couple of shots of David J we did in my friends studio at Cosmic Frogs Photography .
The last picture was for a promo for David J’s Cabaret Oscura .
A Dark Cabaret about a man of the cloth who ’s eyes were turning toward a woman .
Another story for a later post . 🙂
If you want to see more of the Bauhaus concert you can go here .
Enjoy …
Darkman …
Oscura
On June 17 , 2009 , we were out intercepting tornadoes just west of Aurora , Nebraska , as part of my doctoral research .
We thought we were looking at weak tornadoes that day , but as it turned out , a freakishly intense storm almost cost us our lives even as it gave me the data I needed to complete my dissertation .
From the Fields is a periodic Wired Science op - ed series presenting leading scientists ’ reflections on their work , society and culture .
Reed Timmer is working on his Ph.D. in meteorology at the University of Oklahoma .
He ’s a co-star of the Discovery Channel television show “ Storm Chasers , ” which airs Sundays at 10 p.m. eastern .
Follow him on Twitter @ TornadoVideos .
Thanks to a TV deal with the Discovery Channel , based on my recordings at TornadoVideos.net , we had been developing an armored vehicle designed to drive into tornadoes .
The Dominator , as we semi- jokingly call it , is a modded 2008 Chevy Tahoe with bullet - proof Lexan windows , steel armor and a roll cage ( in case things really get ugly inside a tornado ) .
The aerodynamic outer shell can drop to the ground via a hydraulic system , and is lined at the base with a rubber sheath to prevent wind from getting underneath and rolling the vehicle .
On the roof , we installed a vertically oriented radar to measure the updraft winds inside the parent tornado and suction vortices contained within , and an anemometer to measure the horizontal rotational winds .
We also mounted an HD camcorder on the roof inside a bulletproof glass bubble .
We were feeling pretty safe in the Dominator , but we knew the vehicle likely could n’t handle wind speeds stronger than around 150 mph , so we ’d visually assess the tornado ’s strength before intercepting .
Our worst - case scenario was driving into an initially weak tornado , which then intensifies rapidly with us inside the circulation .
At high enough wind speeds , the storm could roll or loft the Dominator like a massive steel / Lexan kite .
And that ’s almost what happened that day .
We ’d been out intercepting some tornadoes spawned by an incredible supercell out on the plains .
Most of them had weak ground circulations , so we were n’t too worried about them .
Late that day , we approached a tornado that looked like the ones we ’d been seeing , and positioned the Dominator just to the east of the funnel on a state highway .
We dropped the armored shell to the ground with the hydraulics to brace for what we thought would be a relatively weak impact .
As the tornado drifted toward us , I reached out the driver ’s side window to lift up and latch the bullet - proof glass .
The window was stuck though , and instead of panicking and struggling with it , I just rolled up the regular glass window and fired up the instruments to record data .
I thought the tornado would remain relatively weak .
As soon as the tornado hit us , my ears popped from the low pressure , and we were engulfed by the dusty debris cloud .
I looked around and noticed the dust was moving faster and faster , and the sound of the strengthening wind became deafening like a jet engine or massive waterfall .
At that moment , I knew we might be in trouble as this tornado was intensifying rapidly with us inside !
Ever since I got my driver ’s license 12 years ago , I ’ve devoted my life to seeing as many tornadoes as possible .
Being within a few hundred yards of their violent winds is a feeling that ’s hard to describe .
They ’re beautiful and powerful .
As a poor meteorology student at the University of Oklahoma , the only equipment I could afford was a video camera and a beater car held together by duct tape .
Juggling school and storm chasing , I would drive over 30,000 miles a year from Mexico to Canada to get as close as possible to this most powerful atmospheric force on the planet .
I ’ve captured over 150 tornadoes on camera since 1998 .
For the last several years , I ’ve been working on my Ph.D. in meteorology at OU , combining my passion for the science with my obsession for getting extremely close to tornadoes .
In May 2007 , we documented a strong , photogenic tornado in northwest Oklahoma from close range in HD video , and noticed the incredible mini-tornadoes rotating around the parent funnel pictured below .
University of Oklahoma meteorologist Brian Fiedler contacted me and said the helical structure and distinct “ kink ” in these mini-tornadoes , also called suction vortices , closely resembled what he had simulated with his high - resolution computer model , and he had never seen them so clearly photographed in real life .
Fielder said the winds inside these suction vortices theoretically could be two to four times that of the parent tornado with astronomical horizontal and vertical speeds , but they had never been directly measured .
He said that a crucial piece of data for tornado science was to determine the true ratio of horizontal and vertical wind speeds between these mini suction vortices and the main tornado .
This quickly became an obsession of mine and the ultimate goal of my research career .
Back in the center of the tornado , the wind dropped to an eerie calm for a few seconds that seemed like eternity .
Then , a mini suction vortex developed right in front of the vehicle and rotated around to the left before surging in our direction .
I yelled to Chris Chittick in the passenger seat and radar operator Mik Wimbrow in the backseat to hang on , and right before the suction vortex slammed the vehicle I looked away from the window just as it came crashing into my face .
The driver ’s side window also shattered , hitting Chris in the left side of the face .
A 100 mph wind was blowing through the inside of the Dominator !
A second later the suction vortex and the backside of the tornado moved off to the east , we were in the clear .
Chris and I both had blood streaming down the side of our faces .
Thankfully , it was only from a few cuts from the shattered glass .
The horizontal wind speed and direction data recorded inside this tornado was very interesting , as seen in the plot below , with a minimum wind speed of 8 mph measured inside the “ eye ” of the tornado before quickly accelerating to near 140 mph a few seconds later as the suction vortex hit the vehicle .
The wind speeds inside the parent tornado were relatively weak ( averaging around 70 - 80 mph ) but were substantially stronger inside the mini suction vortex that slammed into the Dominator .
While this situation was clearly very dangerous , the data recorded inside this tornado is a huge step toward accomplishing our research goal of measuring the winds contained in these suction vortices .
Needless to say , we have some substantial improvements planned for the Dominator during the off season to prevent similar mishaps .
I ’ve been in some intense storms — like the time we got covered in mud by an F5 tornado in Oklahoma , or the time our windshield was blown out by softball - sized hail in Texas , or the time we watched a tornado rip trees out of the ground a mere 100 yards away from us .
However , none of those helped me finish my Ph.D.
It might be risky , but documenting tornadoes at extreme close range is just what I love to do .
Images : Reed Timmer .
Video : Discovery Channel / Reed Timmer .
The White House said today that President Obama is opposed to the anti-gay referenda in Maine and Washington state , calling them “ divisive and discriminatory measures . ”
Kerry Eleveld of the Advocate reports :
In response to an inquiry from The Advocate , the White House issued the following statement regarding President Barack Obama ’s position on anti-gay voter referenda in Maine and Washington .
“ The President has long opposed divisive and discriminatory efforts to deny rights and benefits to same - sex couples , and as he said at the Human Rights Campaign dinner , he believes ‘ strongly in stopping laws designed to take rights away . ’
Also at the dinner , he said he supports , ‘ ensuring that committed gay couples have the same rights and responsibilities afforded to any married couple in this country . ’”
That ’s a strong statement from our President about the discrimination and divisiveness being pushed by anti-gay forces in Maine and Washington state .
It should help a lot .
Kudos to the White House on this one .
NOTE FROM JOHN : Joe is right .
This is big .
The White House , up until this point , has held off on weighing in regarding these anti-gay state efforts .
But after Prop 8 passed in California , and the religious right used President Obama ’s supposed opposition to gay marriage to get the measure passed , there was a lot of concern as to just how often the religious right was going to invoke our president ’s name to justify bigotry and hate .
Hopefully , all of that just stopped today .
This is a very good thing .
The black - and - white patrol cars headed out at 10 p.m. carrying hundreds of officers from nearly every law enforcement agency in Orange County .
Their mission : round up minors out after curfew , put them on a jail bus and scare them .
Sgt. Mike Haggerty and Investigator Brian Browne of the Anaheim Police Department ’s gang unit headed straight to neighborhoods known for gang crime .
About 10:15 p.m. they came across their first offender : Andres , a 17 - year - old senior who will be going to Cal State Fullerton next fall .
He was headed home after visiting an aunt .
Andres was soft - spoken , kept his hands in the pockets of his Yankees sweater and looked disappointed .
Advertisement
“ Have you ever been arrested before ? ” Haggerty asked .
“ No . ”
“ Ever gotten a ticket before ? ”
“ No . ”
Advertisement
“ We ’re doing a curfew sweep . ”
“ Oh , OK . ”
The officers handcuffed him and escorted him to a patrol car .
The young man was one of 67 underage teens rounded up in the massive countywide curfew sweep late Thursday .
Advertisement
Curfews in Orange County begin at 10 p.m. or 11 p.m. , depending on the city , and last until 5 a.m .
During that time , minors are banned from going out in public without a parent or guardian unless they qualify for an exemption .
“ It ’s a very good thing if we get kids when they ’re young and we get them off the street , ” Dist .
Atty .
Tony Rackauckas told officers before the sweep .
“ Clearly , they ’re not doing anything good if they ’re out there after 10 o’clock . ”
The offenders -- who ranged from 13 to 17 -- were taken to one of three headquarters and put on a jail bus to await a parent .
Among them were college - bound students , gang members , a 13 - year - old on probation for kidnapping and more than one drunk teenager .
Most were let go with a warning , but some who were on probation would face greater consequences .
About 10:25 p.m. , Haggerty and Browne drove down the streets of an Anaheim neighborhood they described as a stronghold of the Pauline Street gang .
Advertisement
The streets were dark and quiet , a mix of apartment complexes and small homes .
Two young men stood outside one of the complexes .
One of the youths saw the officers and ran .
Browne sped down the street , pulled into an alley lined with chain - link fences , got out and chased him .
Minutes later , a 17 - year - old named Cesar stood with his legs spread and his hands behind his back .
He called the officer “ sir ” and looked away when he spoke .
His mother and sister stood outside , watching .
“ What were you doing ? ” Browne asked .
Advertisement
“ Having a good time . ”
Cesar told the officers he was a member of an Anaheim gang .
He and his friend Omar , also 17 , were put into the patrol car with Andres and the three youths were taken to a command post in Orange .
When they got out of the car , the lights from a local TV station ’s camera shined on them .
Other offenders had already arrived .
A few parents waited in a makeshift reception area .
The boys were searched twice and led to the bus .
“ These guys will have the right to vote soon , ” one officer told another .
Advertisement
“ Scary , is n’t it ? ” the other said .
Cesar , Andres and Omar waited while other parents picked up their children .
One waiting father pounded his leg and shook his head .
His daughter , a 16 - year - old with straight blond hair , a striped sweater and trendy jeans torn at the knees , was drunk .
When parents arrived , they and their children met with representatives of the district attorney ’s office and the county Probation Department .
They were asked to look at the photos of corpses of young men who authorities said were killed after curfew .
“ Is this how you want to end up ? ” they were asked .
Advertisement
Just before 1 a.m. , Cesar was pulled off the jail bus because he was laughing .
He sat on the asphalt , his knees pulled up to his chest .
An officer with the Anaheim Police Department asked him where he went to school and what gang he was with .
“ I do n’t wanna hear you guys talking no more , ” Cesar told the officer .
“ I plead the 5th . ”
“ What is the 5th ? ” the officer asked .
Advertisement
Cesar looked away without answering .
“ Ca n’t we just talk like adults ? ” the officer asked .
“ I ’m not an adult yet so I ca n’t say that . ”
“ Do n’t your parents have any control over you ? ”
Advertisement
“ My dad does , ” he said .
“ You guys do n’t . ”
Andres ’ parents arrived after 1 a.m .
The mother put her arm around her son .
“ He has good grades , ” the mother explained in Spanish to probation officials .
“ He plays sports .
He ’s a good kid .
All he does is study . ”
They were allowed to leave after a few minutes .
Advertisement
It was about 1:20 a.m. Cesar , whose mother and sister arrived about the same time as Andres ’ family , was kept waiting for being rude to a deputy district attorney .
Almost everyone else was gone .
A voice came on a loudspeaker , thanking the officers for working through the night .
--
paloma.esquivel@latimes.com
Susan Davis reports on the Republican Party .
Texas Republican Rep. Ron
Paul took to the cable networks today to jab back at South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham , who over the weekend said he would not sit back and watch the Texan “ hijack ” the GOP with his brand of Republicanism .
“ My first reaction would be , ‘ What does he have against the Constitution ? ’
And the supporters I have support me because I ’m a traditional conservative and I support the Constitution , ” Paul told CNN in an interview tonight .
He cited Graham ’s support of TARP funds and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and “ all the big government things ” as examples of why his supporters feel lukewarm about the GOP .
“ These are the things that constitutional conservatives do n’t support , ” he said .
The spat was sparked during a contentious Oct. 12 town hall meeting in Greenville , S.C. , when Graham engaged in verbal combat with constituents who questioned his GOP credentials and urged him to be a little more like Paul .
( Click here to watch the video . )
“ I ’m going to grow this party .
I ’m not going to let it be hijacked by Ron Paul , ” Graham said to jeers .
One heckler called out : “ You ’re the one that hijacked it ! ” …
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - A bank in Florida refused to cash a check for an armless man because he could not provide a thumbprint .
“ They looked at my prosthetic hands and the teller said , ‘ Well , obviously you ca n’t give us a thumbprint ’ , ” Steve Valdez told CNN on Wednesday .
But he said the Bank of America Corp branch in downtown Tampa , Florida , still insisted on a thumbprint identification for him to cash a check drawn on his wife ’s account at the bank , even though he showed them two photo IDs .
In the incident last week , a bank supervisor told Valdez he could only cash the check without a thumbprint if he brought his wife in with him or he opened an account with them .
“ I told them I neither wanted an account with them and could n’t bring my wife in because she was nowhere close by , ” Valdez told CNN .
Bank of America said in a statement cited by CNN : “ While the thumbprint is a requirement for those who do n’t have accounts , the bank should have made accommodations . ”
Valdez said his treatment by the bank violated the U.S. Americans with Disability Act requiring institutions to provide reasonable accommodation to disabled persons .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Senior Catholic bishops are threatening to oppose the health care bill under consideration in Congress if lawmakers do n't make significant reforms regarding federally funded abortions and other issues .
Cardinal Justin Rigali is one of three top Catholics who said the current health care bill is unacceptable .
" No one should be required to pay for or participate in abortion , " the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops said in a letter Thursday to members of Congress .
The letter follows a recent Senate Finance Committee vote that defeated Republican amendments that Democrats said would broaden current restrictions of federal funding for abortion .
The amendments were introduced by Sen. Orrin Hatch , R - Utah .
They sought to explicitly state that the current ban on federal funding for abortions would apply to all aspects of health insurance in the bill and prohibit the government at any level from forcing hospitals , doctors and other health care providers to perform abortions .
Federal law allows government funding for abortions only in the cases of rape , incest or danger to a mother 's health .
" We sincerely hope that the legislation will not fall short of our criteria , " the letter says .
" However , we remain apprehensive when amendments protecting freedom of conscience and ensuring no taxpayer money for abortion are defeated in committee votes . "
The letter is signed by Bishop William F. Murphy , diocese of Rockville Centre , New York ; Cardinal Justin Rigali , archdiocese of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; and Bishop John Wester , diocese of Salt Lake City , Utah .
The three also urge that health care reforms " make quality health care affordable and accessible to everyone , " especially those who live around poverty level , and measures to safeguard the health of " legal immigrants and their family members . "
" If acceptable language in these ( three ) areas cannot be found , we will have to oppose the health care bill vigorously , " the letter says .
The Senate Finance Committee will vote on the current Senate health care bill on Tuesday , Majority Leader Harry Reid announced on Thursday .
The vote represents a pivotal step forward in the contentious health care debate .
The Finance Committee is the last of five congressional panels to consider health care legislation before debate begins in the full House and Senate .
All About Health Care Policy • The Roman Catholic Church
The rich have already created their own country .
Are they about to create their own species ?
Futurologist Paul Saffo says rapid advances in biotechnology will enable people to grow their own replacement organs , take specially tailored drugs and use robots and artificial limbs to live longer .
But , he says , the advances will be affordable only ...
The advent of smartphones has opened up an entire new range of platforms for game development , particularly for independent game developers .
The iPhone 's App Store model has been enormously successful , with a recent estimate of $ 2.4 billion in annual sales .
From a developer 's perspective , app stores have the incentive of a distribution channel with powerful search and marketing capabilities .
They also provide an intermediary that handles the logistics of selling and downloading -- generally for a cut of 30 % .
You 've probably heard the Cinderella stories of developers like Steve Demeter , whose triangular variant on match - 3 games , Trism , reportedly earned him $ 250,000 in just two months in the iPhone App Store .
Take also Ethan Nicholas ' iShoot , which reportedly earned $ 600,000 in a single month .
With the gold rush mentality and the iPhone 's undeniable success with the App Store , why would a game developer choose to make a game for any other smartphone platform ?
About six months ago , I started developing games for Google 's Android OS , somewhat by chance .
A friend who works for Google gave me a G1 developer 's phone as a gift .
At that point , I had n't even heard of Android .
In the process of learning about the OS , I came across the Android SDK , and downloaded it to give it a spin .
I was instantly hooked .
While iPhone apps are written in Objective C , the Android SDK uses relatively more programmer - friendly Java .
The iPhone store charges developers $ 99 a year to distribute their apps , while Android has a one - time $ 25 fee for developers .
And the review process for iPhone apps grows increasingly lengthy -- sometimes weeks or more -- and it 's somewhat arcane .
Android apps go live as soon as the developer hits the publish button .
Google handles the review process post - hoc , and is much more lax in terms of content .
With the greater ease of producing and distributing apps through the Android Market , why are n't game developers large and small clambering to produce quality games for the system ?
There are a number of reasons , but number one is , of course , money .
Mobile ad company AdMob released its July 2009 report ( pdf ) which notes the following :
45 million estimated combined iPhone and iPod Touch users , compared to 3 million Android users
50 % of iPhone users bought at least one paid app during a month period , compared to 19 % of Android users
The estimated market value of the iPhone App Store is about $ 200 M per month , compared to an estimate of about $ 5 M per month for the Android Market
So a major part of the equation is pure size .
But another factor is the population makeup of Android users and their perception of the platform .
The iPhone user population is likely much more diverse , with a greater cross-section of users representing more diverse demographics , while the Android user population is still likely predominantly tech - centric early adopters .
Since Android is an open - source system , the perception may also be that the software that runs it should follow the same model .
Thus many users may be reticent to spend money on apps .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Have you ever felt like you were pressured into spending money ?
Deep down you really knew you did n’t have the money to spend , but because of the situation , people around you or other factors , you ended up spending anyway .
For those who are conscious spenders you know when one of these occasions is about to occur because you get an uncomfortable feeling deep in your gut .
You know you ’re about to go against the grain .
You ’re about to make a decision that does n’t follow your values or your plan !
We ’ve all experience spending pressure from friends or situations .
However , this peer pressure is external , but quite often , in my opinion ; the pressure to spend is mostly generated from us and less to do with others .
Ultimately , we have the opportunity to choose , right ?
We are the managers of our own finances , not anyone else .
So , no matter how uncomfortable the situation might be , or the compelling reasons that may surround it , the external pressures can’t force us into spending .
We are responsible for the decision .
Why Do We Put Pressure On Ourselves To Spend ?
Why do we put pressure upon ourselves ?
There are many reasons or situations in which this pressure stems .
Do you recognize a few of them ?
We assume we have to spend the same .
Everyone else is spending a certain amount on the office gift or dinner , so we assume we have to match them .
We feel like we have to follow the crowd .
Others have the latest gadget , car , or clothes , so we create pressure to fit in and be the same .
We can be conscious of others ; we do n’t want to hurt them .
We assume that if we do n’t spend a certain amount on a gift feelings will be hurt .
We ’re supposed to spend .
Often times , we think it ’s the norm to pay certain prices for services or important matters .
We reason , “ It ’s supposed to be expensive for this quality ” , so we do n’t question the amount .
We ’re afraid of what others around us will think .
“ I really do n’t want them to think I ’m cheap , so I ’ll spend more . ”
We limit our options .
This is for the person who does n’t think about negotiating .
“ This was the price , they are n’t going to be flexible , and so I ’m going to just pay for it . ”
Just as with peer pressure one might often feel in high school , spending pressures have to be overcome with higher level thinking and acting .
While the peer pressure in school might cause one to misbehave in school years , it ’s often out grown with responsible thinking and with self confidence .
The same holds true with spending pressures .
We must confront spending pressures from others and within ourselves with self confidence , logical thinking and responsible behavior .
How do you release the pressure ?
If we believe that all external pressures result in an self inflicted internal pressure the situation can be solved right at home with us .
We must look at ourselves as money managers , financial stewards and as people who carry themselves confidently in the face of these pressures .
Operate Above The Pressure
Operate at a level above them !
Do n’t let the external pressures become internal pressures , pushing against your logical thinking .
Know that it ’s okay to say these 10 things .
No .
I do n’t have the money .
I ca n’t do that right now .
It does n’t fit in my plan .
I ’ve already spent all of my eating out money for the month .
I ’ll have to save for it .
I ’d rather give .
Let ’s shop around .
Can you do any better on the price ?
Nothing .
Do n’t say anything .
It does n’t require explanation as to why you ’re not spending .
Remember , your money is your responsibility .
When the bill is due , it ’s not others who have to pay ; it ’s you , so take ownership of the situation !
How do you overcome either internal or external pressures to spend ?
Picture by eschipul .
Bowing to intense public pressure , the Chesapeake Energy Corporation says it will not drill for natural gas within the upstate New York watershed , an environmentally sensitive region that supplies unfiltered water to nine million people .
The reversal seems to signal a more conciliatory tone from the gas industry , which is facing mounting opposition in New York to its drilling practices .
The decision also increases the pressure on state regulators to reverse their decision to allow drilling within the watershed .
“ We are not going to develop those leases , and we are not taking any more leases , and I do n’t think anybody else in the industry would dare to acquire leases in the New York City watershed , ” Aubrey K. McClendon , the chief executive officer at Chesapeake Energy , said in an interview on Monday in Fort Worth .
“ Why go through the brain damage of that , when we have so many other opportunities ? ”
He spoke on the eve of the first scheduled hearing on proposed state rules governing the drilling , on Wednesday in Loch Sheldrake in Sullivan County .
Contributors : Charlie Barratt , Henry Gilbert
Every time a game is successful , critically or commercially , folks start speculating about sequels .
Will there be a sequel ?
How many sequels ?
When will we see the sequel ?
What will happen in the sequel ?
Who shows up in the sequel ?
Sequel ?
That ’s too obvious .
A truly compelling game deserves the exact opposite .
If the story is masterfully written , players will want to see how it actually started .
If the world is deeply designed , players will insist on seeing how it first formed .
And if the characters are fully realized , players will demand to know how they grew into their now beloved personalities and roles .
In other words , the existence of a prequel – not sequel – is how you judge a game ’s real impact and staying power .
Look at Halo : Reach , Metal Gear Solid 3 , Street Fighter Alpha or Super Mario World 2 for proof .
Read more : Ralph Breaks the Internet : Wreck - It Ralph 2 review : " Ralph and Vanellope are still good company "
Some famous franchises , however , still lack that badge of honor .
They may have prequel novelizations , prequel multiplayer or prequel rumors , but we want the actual game .
These beginnings can definitely support one .
GEARS OF WAR
How the story begins :
After four long years in an extraordinarily dark and grimy prison , Marcus Fenix is freed by his BFF , Dominic Santiago .
No gentle reintegration back to society for our butter - faced protagonist , however … humanity still needs saving from the creepy crawly Locust and , despite being incarcerated by military leaders , he is apparently now the only man who can now pull of their half - assed plan .
What the prequel would cover :
The beginning of the war , rather than the end .
The novel Aspho Fields covers some of this , but we want to see what the world of Sera looked like before it was ravaged by battle .
We want to experience the terror and panic of Emergence Day for ourselves .
We want to know why Marcus would be incarcerated for simply trying to save his father , as well as how he got all those hideous , hideous scars ( teenage acne ? ) .
Really , though , we ’re just tired of watching our heroes screw up over and over .
In the first game , they deployed the Lightmass bomb and everyone got sick with “ rust lung . ”
In the second game , they destroyed a big radioactive monster … and humanity ’s greatest city in the process .
Both times , the Locust survived and we were left questioning the good guys ’ motives .
For just one game – the prequel – it ’d be nice to believe you were fighting for the right side .
CALL OF DUTY 4 : MODERN WARFARE
How the story begins : “ Soap ” MacTavish , a young and inexperienced member of the British Special Air Service , shows up for his first day of training .
After proving he is capable of murdering a watermelon , commanding officer Captain Price whisks him away on a thrilling around - the - world tour of hijacked cargo ships , nuclear silos and disabled arms dealers .
What the prequel would cover : Call of Duty 4 ’s best dialogue comes from Captain Price : hecalls you a “ muppet ” and likes throwing the word “ arse ” around a lot .
Call of Duty 4 ’s best missions are the ones in which you play as Captain Price : sneaking through the grass in a ghillie suit , sniping a dude ’s arm off from a hotel window and outrunning a crashed helicopter are the greatest and most defining moments of the single player campaign .
Heck , even Call of Duty 4 ’s best fashion is displayed by Captain Price : who else could pull of that cigar , that bush hat and that awesomely unapologetic mustache with such grace and lack of irony ?
You can see where this is headed .
We want more than those two flashback missions - we want a whole game starring Captain Price .
Since he ’s obviously not available after Modern Warfare ( spoiler ? ) , a prequel will have to do ; fortunately , his previous life could be the perfect time period for Infinity Ward to tackle .
They ’re clearly exhausted by World War II , and it ’s only a matter of time before they ’re tired of going ultra high - tech , so why not use the adventures of Captain Price to cover conflicts in the 1970s , 1980s and 1990s ?
Why not build an entire game of flashback missions , diving into different wars and different countries ?
We ’d play for the different styles of mustache alone !
A series of fossils unearthed in southwestern China has revealed the origins of complex life in unprecedented detail , and pushed its beginning back by at least 40 million years .
The specimens come from the Doushantuo formation , a layer of sediments deposited about 590 million years ago , just before the Ediacaran period 's primordial fauna gave way to the kaleidoscopically complex creatures of the Cambrian explosion .
During the Ediacaran , even the most structurally complicated animals had flat bodies with simple symmetry , like living quilts or mattresses .
It was only during the Cambrian that animals developed what 's known as bilateral symmetry — a distinct front and back , top and bottom .
The Doushantuo fossils date to the cusp of this transition , and are so finely preserved that scientists can distinguish the structures of individual cells .
The latest fossils , described Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , are n't even fully formed animals , but embryos .
Using synchrotron radiation microtomography — a microscopy technique that combines thousands of of X - rays taken from different angles — researchers reconstructed the embryos in three - dimensional detail .
They found that the embryos were bilaterally symmetrical , and were organized so differently that they belonged to two distinct taxonomic groups .
For those groups to be so different , bilateral symmetry must have been around for a while .
Some scientists have suspected as much , but without such solid evidence .
" These bilaterians had already diverged into distantly related groups at least 40 million years before the Cambrian radiation , " wrote the researchers .
" The last common ancestor of the bilaterians lived much earlier than is usually thought .
Images : PNAS
See Also :
* Citation : " Complex embryos displaying bilaterian characters from Precambrian Duoshantou phosphate deposits , Weng’an , Guizhou , China . "
By Jun-Yuan Chena , David J. Bottjer , Gang Li , Michael G. Hadﬁeld , Feng Gao , Andrew R. Cameron , Chen - Yu Zhang , Ding - Chang Xian , Paul Tafforeau , Xin Liao , and Zong - Jun Yin .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 106 No. 42 , Oct. 20 , 2009 . *
* Brandon Keim 's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points . *
Beköszöntött a jóidő !
Hét ágra süt a nap , mi meg bent rohadunk a melóban ezerrel .
Ilyenkor egyre többen ugranak ki a Palára csak csobbanni egyet , és persze a strandidényben egy - egy hét szabadsággal elszabadulhatunk a szürke hétköznapok nyomasztó terhétől .
Ha számunkra a nyaraló hangulat már a tet őfokára hágott , mégis mindezt szeretnénk fokozni , akkor a strandon viselkedhetünk úgy - a kontrasztot növelve - , hogy másoknak legyen rosszabb .
Egy jó fecske ha felugrik , és mellé egy fröccsöntött műanyag szandál ( süncipő ) , már jó úton haladunk , hogy jelent ősen befolyásoljuk a strandolók hangulatát .
Kezdjünk is ezzel .
A Divatdiktátor
Divatdiktátor , de semmiképpen nem ~követő .
Rajta nem fog ki a XXI .
század , fecskében megy .
Különösen figyelmes az a szülő , aki a gyerekre is ezt ad , ezen belül két irreguláris szereplőre érdemes odafigyelni : a kissrác , aki 1 - 2 éven belül dagadt lesz , de még csak hájas , ezért elöl köldökig húzza a fecskét , míg hátul seggdekoltázsa van ( lásd még : melóspicsa , munkásseg ) ; a kissrác , akinek még csak a töke szőrös , ezért répa mellett kiinteget balra Tina Turner , jobbra Rod Stewart .
Nekik indokolt és egyben ajánlott az úszósort .
Női párja , aki a bikini - vonalat nemhogy nem szedette ki , de talán a Bermuda - háromszöggel is összekeveri , a nő , akinek három pinája van : egy a helyén , meg kettő a kíséretben .
Ők a kisebbséget alkotják , a korfa gyakorlatilag követi a normál eloszlás haranggörbéjét , a pubertással küzdő tinik ellensúlyozói a vén sztrovacsekek .
Ők igen ritkán valóban eredeti fecskében , vagy abból a korból származó szpídóban , a nem túl sportos , barna + még valamilyen színben pompázó , combnál vízszintes borzalomban jelennek meg .
Ennek az egyik attribútuma , hogy újkora után 3 - 5 évvel kicsit kienged a gumi , tehát így 20 - 22 év használat után minden lépésnél az oldalról szemlélők számára választ ad arra a kérdésre , hogy az orron és a fülcimpán kívül mi nő még meg a kor előrehaladtával .
A felnőtt fecskeviselők jelentős része az óriás faszú agglegény .
Optikai tuningját az úgynevezett strandfasz elkészítésével hozza létre , melynek lényege a se nem balra , se nem jobbra csapás : egyszerűen felfelé küldi a lompost , így a csomag is cuccnak látszik , ha értitek , mire gondolok .
Gyanútlanul monokiniző fáradt csajok fölé guggol , gyanús árnyékot adva diszkréten bekínálja a hancúrlécet .
Az ő teste saját bevallása szerint önmagában fegyver , ezért semmilyen kiegészítő nem vehet el szexuális kisugárzásából , bátran hordja is .
Ezek a következők :
A Szállító
Örök féltékenysége a nőkhöz tartozó női táska iránt kiolthatatlan .
Tavasszal vállapos rövidujjú inge mellé nem rég még autóstáskát hordott , a kivehetőt rádió tényleg kiveszi , külön tokban viszi a kocsiig , ahol a vasszüzet vagy ördöglakatot leműti a kormányról .
Az autós táskát addig nem cserélte övtáskára , amíg a lakosság 40 % - a meg nem győződött róla , hogy már az is gáz .
Természetesen pólóra hordja , és abban edukál .
A strandon póló híján vállra dobja , de ez nem gátolja meg abban , hogy két zsepit , a mobilt és egy piros Malbit bedugjon a fecske valamelyik oldalára - ami amúgy növeli az oldalról herebenézés rizikóját .
Ő az , aki képes külön olyan piros Malbit beszerezni , amit még fölül kell bontogatni körömmel , mint 20 évvel ezelőtt , mert a többi csomagolásban ami van , az nem az igazi .
Az Óvatos ( Mics Bjukenen )
Az óvatos duhaj tudja , hogy az életmentésnél sokkal jobb inkább a prevenció , ezért igyekszik elkerülni az egyébként teljesen kizárt baleseteket is .
Munkakörét tekintve elképzelhető , hogy mérnök , esetleg biztonsági tanácsadó , a cégnél az ő feladata a vizesen hagyott konyhapadló , a közleked őkbe kicsúszott gurulós székek , a mélyhűtőben felejtett italok , garázsba befelé elmulasztott irányjelzések , egyszóval " majdnem balesetek " ( near miss - ek ) rögzítése .
Kifigyeli , hogy kinél hibádzik a dokument , és geci modoros hírlevelekben az all - staff@ vagy office@ és hasonló címeken a munkatársak számára közzéteszi .
A strandon más gyerekének vízben tartózkodását külön órákkal méri , igazán megkönnyebbül , amikor az egyébként számára tetszetős küllemű anyukától elhangzik a lila a szád , azonnal kijössz , különben én megyek be érted .
Erre amúgy kijön a vízből még 50 ember , mert anyuka kancsal + olyan határozottan mondja , hogy jobb nem kockáztatni , hátha neked szólt .
A Szállító a Balatonra is sünciben ( gumi , vagy más elasztikus strancipő ) megy , hiszen némelyik balatoni kagyló egészen éles lehet , és meg nem mondanád , miket dobálnak be a partról a fiatalok .
Ezt váltja a magas talpú papucs , mert a pocsolyákban a legkülönfélébb gombás fertőzéseket lehet összeszedni .
Elhelyezkedését a strandon úgy háromszögeli ki , hogy a vécéhez ne legyen túl közel , mert büdös , de ne legyen túl messze sem , mert a fagyi ilyen időben mindenhol szalmonellás .
Ha már megtalálta párját , akkor az egy nagyon helyes , jókedély ű , szimpatikus , nevetni szerető , pirospozsgás csehfaszú lángoshónaljú kishölgy .
Mivel kétszer annyit nyom fekve , készséggel hozza le a hűtőtáskát és az újraélesztő szettet , ha cserébe a férj a felfújt 9 személyes gumimatracot , pálma - szigetet , vagy két ( feleség alapján másfél ) személyes gumicsónakot felfújt állapotban a strandtól dél - délkeleti irányban 1.2 km - re elhelyezked ő szállásról a partra szállítja .
Azért onnan , mert oda már nem hallatszik fel a diszkók zaja , és egy esetleges cunami esetén oda már pont nem ér fel a víz , illetve a helyi lopási statisztikák alapján abban az utcában nem törik fel a sárga Ignist .
Meg úgyse látnak bele a ferráris harmonika műszerfalvédőtől .
A gasztro- turista
A kockás pokrócot már reggel 7:40 - kor kidobja a legkomolyabb tölgy alá , már akkor kint van a strandon , amikor még mínusz 12 fok van .
Falkákban fordul elő , de valójában női vezérlésű matriarchális alakulatokról van szó .
A falkavezér asszony nagyon fehér , de nem ezért van árnyékban , hanem alibiből , ugyanis a fák vannak a legközelebb a büféhez .
Igyekszik minden nap mást enni , rotációban .
Négy órán keresztül tud egyenes derékkal , nyújtott lábbal ülni a földön , pókhálóseggű fürdőruhában , amit még az első bulgáriai nyaralásra vett .
Isteni a lángos , a strandon van igazi hamburger , nem ez a fél fogamra elég szar , amit a gyorséttermekben adnak .
A sült krumplit vagy pommesznek , vagy rósejbninek hívja .
Egy jó melegszendó is lehet az egyik menü .
A pizzára persze kecsöpöt rak , amit ö-vel mond , és minden másra is rak , mert szarik rá , hogy amúgy milyen az íze .
Mindent sóz , tehát igazi hülye , de valamiről tuti jelzi , hogy nem ízlett neki , nem jól csinálják , ő csinálja jól , majd a fikázást átfordítja kedélyes recept - cserébe , hogy szimpatikusan jöjjön ki belőle , mert neki fontos , hogy az emberek szeressék .
Soha nem tudja meg , hogy mindenki utálja .
A pokróchoz visszafelé menet a kezében marad még 4 uszkve 13 darab fánk , visz egyet az urának illetve párjának is , magának persze diétás kólával , nehogy odabasszon a fánk , tényleg .
Amikor megunja a strandkínálatot , mert már mindenből evett , a kedve nagyon hirtelen elmegy mindentől , az időjárásra , fejfájásra , a 6 éve már csak urban legendként operáló ciklusára hivatkozva kier őszakol egy korábbi indulást .
De még maradnak egy napot , mert a sárga Ignis a ferráris műszerfalvédővel nagyon rájukállt az üdülő előtt .
Az anyafarkas
Az akár mások kisgyerMekét , szomszédok csöppségeit is strandra egyedül kihurcoló anyukát apa egyszerűen csak kiteszi a hétszemélyes egyterűből a bejárat előtt , aztán megy tovább gályázni .
A magát egyre több csemetével próbára tevő önjelölt óvónőről egészen addig ki nem derül , hogy néz ki , amíg a gyerMekmedencére jó rálátással rendelkező kiszemelt napozóhelyen le nem fejti magáról a homokozólapát , háromkerekű , dömper és felf ú jható játékok küvéjéből álló másfél méter sugarú gömböt , amivel apa akkurátusan kidekorálta még a bejáratnál .
Távozáskor a teljesen felesleges " mennyi kell ?
Ezres elég ?
- Jaj Zoli , öt gyerek van nálam , és tudod , hogy Richárdka mennyit eszik ... egy tizest legalább adjál .
- Jól van , itt egy húszas , aztán majd elszámolunk " párbeszéddel búcsúzik , ő ettől férfi , anya meg ettől nő .
Anya időnként egy - egy gyereket szándékosan kicsit felügyelet nélkül hagy , majd megvárja , amíg egy milyenaranyoskisgyerek típusú ember el nem kezd vigyázni rá , akkor hót nyugodtan leteszi a Danielle Steele könyvet , és odarohan , hogy már égen - földön kereste , attól félt , hogy kiszaladt az utcára ( naná ) , lelki szemei előtt már látta vérbe fagyva az úttesten heverni .
Aztán visszamegy , és 90 perc múlva megcsinálja ugyanezt egy másik gyerekkel .
Egyébként ő mondja a lila a szád , gyere ki-t is .
( Ebben még van ... a folytatásban hamarosan a Szárazhaj úszás , az Ősapa , a Laci , az Alfa gyerek , meg ami még kimaradt . )
Source : Kompas
Head of National Family Planning Coordinating Board ( BKKBN ) Sugiri Syarief asked regents and mayors to support the revitalization of family planning programs .
Without a serious effort , in the year 2050 will be a population explosion Indonesia to reach 330 million people , exceeding the target 250 million people .
Sugiri express it in Intersection Closure Cadre KB Pencanangan Unity Village and the PKK Motion - KB - Kes Central Java Province Level in Donohudan Hajj Dormitory , Boyolali District , Tuesday ( 6 / 10 ) .
On that occasion , Sugiri also submitted a number of awards to a number of regents and the community that supports the program .
Could be to searching Cosplay Photo .. " After the reform , the attention of regional heads of the family planning program down .
Therefore , we tried to revitalization by involving the stakeholders there , " said Sugiri .
Energy Return of Water Invested ( EROWI ) .
From an article by Robert Service in Science Magazine .
The data in the table originate from " Energy demands on water resources " , report to the congress , 2006 link .
The readers of " The Oil Drum " are familiar with the concept of " Energy Return of Energy Invested " ( EROI or EROEI ) .
It is the ratio of the energy produced by an energy plant during its life cycle to the amount of energy needed to build , operate and dismantle the plant .
EROEI remains one of the most useful parameters that can be used for evaluating an energy technology , but it is not the only one .
Another element is the need of water .
Water is needed for irrigation of plants to be used as fuel and all large plants using thermal engines need water cooling .
We can speak , then , of Energy return of Water Invested ( EROWI ) .
It is a concept much more recent than that of EROEI , but which is rapidly gaining attention and may be not less important .
Recently , Robert F. Service reported the comparative table that you can see reproduced at the beginning of this post .
The data are taken from an article by Dominguez - faus et al. published in " Environmental Science and Technology " in 2009 .
Service 's paper , as most of the studies published so far in this field , is dedicated to showing how water thirsty biofuels are .
It is another drawback for a technology which has also a low EROEI , needs large areas , and competes for land with food production .
But the problem is more general and does n't just involve biofuels .
Nuclear plants , for instance , seem to be especially vulnerable to water scarcity .
During the past few years , several plants had to be shut or slowed down , or allowed to drain water into rivers at higher temperatures than considered safe .
A set of references on the troubles of nuclear plants during heat waves can be found here .
The problem may affect all thermal plants which are large and inefficient enough ; coal plants for instance .
According to Service 's data , the problem can be eased moving from " once through " to " closed loop " cooling .
But , if it were easy , there would be no " once through " plants .
Evidently , closed loop cooling is more expensive and , in practice , the result of increasing EROWI may be to reduce EROEI .
Water is , of course , a renewable resource but a lot of the water used today is " fossil " water .
It comes from deep aquifers which can be drained empty as it has happened , for instance in Saudi Arabia .
In addition , climate change may further reduce the water supply in many areas of the world .
How much these factors will affect energy generation worldwide in the near future is difficult to say at present , but surely the problem should n't be underestimated .
The EROWI problem , in the end , is just an indication that we are hitting yet another limit of our finite environment .
The EROWI concept is examined in depth , especially for biofuels , in an article titled " Burning Water : A Comparative Analysis of the Energy Return on Water Invested " by Kenneth Mulder , Nathan Hagens and Brendan Fisher , in press on AMBIO ( The Journal of Human Environment ) .
USC got 142 yards rushing and a touchdown from Joe McKnight .
Matt Barkley completed 21 of 31 passes for 196 yards and a touchdown but had three passes intercepted and fumbled once .
Stanford scored touchdowns after each of the turnovers .
Andrew Luck was as impressive passing as Gerhart was running .
He completed 12 of 22 passes for 144 yards and two touchdowns .
He also rushed for 61 yards and a touchdown .
Stanford , which rushed for 325 yards and averaged 6.5 yards a carry , has now delivered USC's lost three losses at home -- in 2001 , 2007 and 2009 .
Cardinal tailback Toby Gerhart , who USC did n't think was fast enough to recruit as a tailback , rushed for 178 yards and three touchdowns .
He also ran for more than 100 yards last season against the Trojans .
USC simply had no answer for a Stanford offense that scored 51 points against Oregon last week .
USC fell to 7 - 3 overall and 4 - 3 in the Pac - 10 -- the first time the Trojans have lost three games in a season since 2001 , Carroll 's first year as coach .
Not a good day for defensive guru Pete Carroll , who was clearly hot when he met Stanford Coach Jim Harbaugh on the field after the game .
Carroll gave his rival a terse " good game , " but he did n't like Stanford going for a two - point conversion late in the game , already up 48 - 21 .
In a key 55 - 21 Pacific 10 Conference win over the Trojans today at the Coliseum , the Cardinal scored more points against USC than any team in history .
But not the good kind .
---
Stanford 55 , USC 21 ( late in fourth quarter )
Another Matt Barkley interception , another Stanford touchdown .
The USC freshman has four turnovers , and Stanford has converted each of them into a touchdown .
Tyler Gaffney just made it a record - setting day at the Coliseum , putting up more points against the Trojans than any team in history .
To cap it off , the television telecast showed Stanford 's Richard Sherman and Ekom Udofia on the sideline taunting USC by giving the " V " sign and saying , " Fight on , USC , fight on . "
--
Stanford 48 , USC 21 ( 6:47 remaining in game )
The rout is on .
USC has no answer for Stanford 's offense .
Toby Gerhart 's six - yard touchdown run put the Cardinal within range of scoring 50 points .
At least USC came up with a defensive play to thwart that -- Stanford 's Stepfan Taylor was stuffed on a two - point conversion run , saving the Trojans a ( very ) little embarrassment .
Gerhart has rushed for 178 yards and three touchdowns in 29 carries .
So much for a happy homecoming for the Trojans .
---
Stanford 42 , USC 21 ( early fourth quarter )
Matt Barkley is having a good day in that few of his passes are hitting the ground .
Most have gone to Trojans receivers .
But two now have n't .
Stanford 's Richard Sherman 's interception of a Barkley out pattern has put Stanford up by three touchdowns .
Sherman made the pick in full stride and raced 43 yards untouched for the score .
Barkley has completed 21 of 30 passes for 196 yards and a touchdown with the two interceptions .
---
Stanford 35 , USC 21 ( early fourth quarter )
Remember all the eye rolls when Stanford Coach Jim Harbaugh said Andrew Luck was the best quarterback in the nation ?
Does n't seem so crazy watching him this afternoon .
Every time USC puts together some plays to crawl back into the game , Luck has an answer .
His 24 - yard touchdown pass to tight end Coby Fleener has put Stanford back up by two touchdowns .
It was an impressive pass and reception -- Luck firing a line drive and the 6 - foot - 6 , 250 - pound Fleener making a great catch and then holding on after a big hit from Taylor Mays .
-- Mike Hiserman
---
Stanford 28 , USC 21 ( end of third quarter )
USC quarterback Matt Barkley completed third - down passes of 17 yards to Joe McKnight and 19 yards to Brice Butler during an eight - play , 76 - yard scoring drive that kept the Trojans in the game .
Barkley also had a key block on a 17 - yard cutback run by McKnight .
McKnight did it alone on a 28 - yard touchdown run that kept the Trojans within seven points .
McKnight has rushed for 132 yards and a touchdown in 13 carries .
Barkley is 20 of 26 for 189 yards and a touchdown , with an interception and a fumble .
USC has gained 308 yards , Stanford 306 .
Stanford 's Toby Gerhart has run for 119 yards in 23 carries .
---
Stanford 28 , USC 14 ( third quarter )
USC Coach Pete Carroll was concerned about the running ability of Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck .
With good reason .
Luck scrarmbled for 19 yards on one play of a 68 - yard scoring drive that he capped with a six - yard run for a touchdown after a nifty fake to Toby Gerhart .
Luck has rushed for 45 yards and a touchdown in five carries .
He has completed 10 of 19 for 107 yards and a touchdown .
---
Stanford 21 , USC 14 ( early in third quarter )
The momentum has shifted .
But will it be enough ?
USC linebacker Chris Galippo forced Stanford tailback Toby Gerhart to fumble with 11:23 left in third quarter and safety Taylor Mays recovered the ball at the Cardinal 36 - yard line .
On the first play of the ensuing possession , Matt Barkley threw a 36 - yard touchdown pass to Brice Butler to pull the Trojans to within seven points .
Barkley has completed 16 of 21 passes for 152 yards and a touchdown , with an interception .
Butler has four catches for 77 yards .
---
Stanford 21 , USC 7 ( halftime )
USC better figure out a way to slow down Stanford 's offense or it 's going to be a long day at the Coliseum .
Andrew Luck has completed six of 19 passes for 91 yards and a touchdown and running back Toby Gerhart has run for 73 yards and two touchdowns in 14 carries .
USC quarterback Matt Barkley seemed to find some rhythm on the Trojans ' final drive , but it was all for naught .
USC had the ball at its 13 with 2:20 left and moved down the field on five consecutive completions by Barkley .
But on first and 10 at midfield , the Trojans were penalized for holding .
Barkley was sacked on third and one and his fourth down pass fell incomplete .
Barkley is 13 of 17 for 107 yards , but his fumble and an intercepted pass led to Cardinal touchdowns .
USC tailback Joe McKnight has rushed for 82 yards in eight carries .
Stanford has outgained USC , 206-182 .
---
Stanford 21 , USC 7
Stanford 's offense has the Trojans reeling .
Andrew Luck 's 22 - yard pass to fullback Owen Marecic moved the Cardinal into USC territory where running backs Toby Gerhart and Stepfan Taylor went to work .
Luck 's 15 - yard pass to receiver Ryan Whalen gave the Cardinal a first down at the Trojans ' three .
Stanford then went to a no-huddle , catching the Trojans off guard .
USC tried to hurry in players , but it was too late to stop Gerhart 's three - yard touchdown run .
The Trojans were called for illegal substitution and offsides on the play .
Gerhart has run for 65 yards and two touchdowns in 12 carries .
---
Stanford 14 , USC 7
The Trojans show some life .
Joe McKnight 's 51 - yard run started a nine - play , 80 - yard drive that culminated with Allen Bradford 's two - yard touchdown run .
McKnight has gained 85 yards in seven carries .
Matt Barkley has completed five of seven passes for 46 yards .
Barkley 's pass to receiver Travon Patterson on a third - and - five at the 24 kept alive the drive .
---
Stanford 14 , USC 0 ( end of first quarter )
Andrew Luck has completed six of 10 passes for 46 yards and a touchdown and Toby Gerhart has rushed for 43 yards and a touchdown in eight carries .
But USC quarterback Matt Barkley lost a fumble and had a pass intercepted to set the table for the Cardinal .
Trojans tailback Joe McKnight broke off a 51 - yard run with just under 1:30 left in the quarter , and the Trojans enter the second period with a first down at the Stanford 18 .
---
Stanford 14 , USC 0
Matt Barkley continues to struggle .
Stanford defensive end Matthew Masifilo intercepted Barkley 's short pass intended for tailback Joe McKnight with 4:04 left in the first quarter .
The Cardinal took over at USC's 35 , and Toby Gerhart 's 17 - yard run on a third - and - nine helped set up his one - yard touchdown run .
---
Stanford 7 , USC 0
The Cardinal took advantage of a USC turnover to take the early lead on Andrew Luck 's five - yard touchdown pass to fullback Owen Marecic .
USC had forced Stanford to go three and out on the game 's first possession .
The Trojans looked to have their offense in sync as they drove from their 33 - yard line to the Cardinal 17 in four plays , including a 19 - yard pass from Matt Barkley to Ronald Johnson .
But on first down , Stanford linebacker Will Powers stripped the ball from Barkley and linebacker Clinton Snyder recovered the fumble .
Luck then drove the Cardinal 71 yards in 12 plays for the 7 - 0 lead .
-- Gary Klein
Photo : Stanford running back Toby Gerhart leaps over USC's Will Harris during the first half Saturday .
Credit : Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times
There is so much history behind the San Diego Bay , and so many interesting facts about everything from the architecture to wildlife to the dirt that created the islands .
And , it ’s surprising how some people who have lived in San Diego for a while , or even their whole life , do n’t know some of these random facts about the bay , which was part of the birth of San Diego .
Here are 10 things you may or may not know about the beautiful San Diego bay .
10 ) Coronado Island – Coronado Island was first discovered by Spanish explorer Sebastian Vizcaino in the early 17th century .
However he did not settle here and for almost 200 years the peninsula remained bare .
It was n’t until 1821 that land grants were issued after whalers had used the island to carry out their work and so had set up hide houses .
In 1977 Hotel del Coronado was opened and became a historic landmark .
Besides rumored to be haunted , the beach off of here is one of the best in San Diego .
If you drive through some of the residential areas you will also find somewhat hidden little spots that take you right to the water and open up to a beautiful view of Downtown San Diego and the bay .
9 ) Shelter Island – Shelter Island used to be identified on the map as a shoal , or mudbuck .
In the 1930 ’s a dredging project began , raising Shelter Island 14 feet above low water , and 7 feet above high tide .
A causeway ( Shelter Island Drive ) , was created , connecting the island and mainland together .
America ’s Cup Harbor is located to the east side of this island .
8 ) Harbor Island – In 1961 , the U.S. Navy had the main channel of San Diego Bay dredged to deepen the berths for military ships .
Over 12 million cubic yards of sand and mud was used to create this mile and a half long island .
Harbor Island also holds some of the nicest hotels with beautiful views .
7 ) Ballast Point – Many of the stones on Ballast Point are from ports all around the world .
Skippers would either collect or unload stones for their ballast on their ships , and over time a collection from around the world was gathered .
Many New England streets are lined with stones from Ballast Point .
- During the whaling period , a whale - rendering plant was built on Ballast Point .
- Today Ballast Point is part of SD Naval Submarine Base , and a U.S. Coast Guard facility is also located on the island .
6 ) Naval Submarine Station – Located off of Ballast Point , the sub station always catches the attention of passer - byers .
You are usually lucky enough to catch a sub or more sitting in the water .
You have to pass one on the water to really appreciate its size and structure .
The two large walls you will notice with a huge U.S. flag on the side is where they repair the submarines .
If you are lucky enough you may see one being worked on .
The walls drop when a submarine needs to be loaded onto the platform , then raised back up for repairs .
This Naval Submarine base was used in the movie “ Red October ” .
After the attacks of September 11th , the barriers that look like huge black sausage links , were added so that any enemy vessel could not sneak attack from under water .
5 ) San Diego Bay Wildlife
a ) Sea Turtles – The Green Sea Turtles are not believed to have originally resided in San Diego bay .
The story goes that Captain Bogart arrived in San Diego with sea turtles he had captured in Mexico .
The sea turtles were kept in pens on the shores of Point Loma with the intention of starting a turtle meat business up .
After some storms that year , about 100 of the sea turtles broke away .
These escapee ’s are believed to be the ancestors to the small group of about 30 to 60 sea turtles that live in the bay now .
It ’s believed that the sea turtles first spotted in San Diego in the 1850 ’s migrated from Mexico .
Either way the Eastern Pacific green sea turtle is considered endangered throughout its range .
b) Giant Pacific
Seahorse – the seahorse that resides in the San Diego Bay is one of the largest in the world , reaching a length of up to 12 inches .
They can be found all the way to Peru .
They are in constant risk from overfishing and habitat destruction .
Currently , they are listed as “ vulnerable ” on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species .
c ) California Sea Lion –
All over the bay on buoys or swimming around you ’ll notice the California Sea Lion .
Their favorite spot to hangout however are the bait docks owned and operated by Everingham Bros .
Bait Co. since 1951 .
Shore birds and sea lions hang out around the docks hoping to get a free meal .
The bait docks are always covered with these animals , and is the best place to get a look at them up close .
d ) Brown Pelican – Adult brown pelicans are a large dark gray - brown water bird with a white head and neck , and their wingspan ranges from , 6 to over 8 feet long .
Watching one of these birds or even better - a flock , take flight , is a beautiful sight .
They are listed as endangered and their population was almost decimated twice in the U.S. by pesticides such as DDT and related compounds .
The DDT would weaken egg shells , so when mothers went to incubate their eggs , they would end up crushing them .
Reproducing young became difficult and almost killed the species .
Populations are still vulnerable to chemical and pesticide pollution today .
e ) Of course there are hundreds of other species that also reside in the bay as well .
4 ) The Gray Whale – Every year between December and April , the gray whale graces San Diego with its presence as it makes its migration to and from their breeding grounds in the Baja lagoons of Mexico .
Before near extinction and industry expansion , the whales used to swim right into the bay as part of their route .
After whaling nearly killed their species twice , and after pollution from the growing city affected the water , they moved their route out a little further from shore .
It ’s not uncommon during whale watching season to catch a juvenile playing in the kelp beds in the bay .
In fact earlier this year one found the bay to be a comfortable place to stay for a few days .
Biologists almost had to try and chase it out to sea because the precaution levels within the bay started to become inconvenient for ships .
Whale watching is one of the biggest tourist attractions in San Diego every year .
3 ) Lindbergh Field – The San Diego International Airport is the 30th busiest airport in the country as far as passengers goes , but the busiest single runway commercial airport in the nation .
There are an average of 600 departures and arrivals a day !
Before becoming a runway , it was a mud flat that was often covered by water during high tide .
After funds in 1927 , the bay north of B Street Pier was deepened .
The dredged material was used to cover 142 acres of tidelands .
This became Lindbergh Field .
2 ) Lighthouses
– Tom Ham ’s Lighthouse Restaurant–
On the west end of Harbor Island you ’ll come across Tom Ham ’s Lighthouse and Restaurant .
Why is it both ?
Well Tom Ham wanted to make a restaurant but the Coast Guard wanted a lighthouse .
They came to a compromise and made it both .
Beacon # 9 is a fully functioning lighthouse , and is one of two sanctioned by the Coast Guard on the bay .
– Point Loma Lighthouses – Atop the hill / cliff at the point of Point Loma , there is a lighthouse .
However this one is not used anymore .
This lighthouse was too high up to do any good for ships coming into the bay during especially foggy nights .
So , the lighthouse now found at the bottom of the cliff at the very tip of Point Loma , was built , and the lens from the original Point Loma lighthouse , was actually used for this newer one .
1 ) John Wayne Jetty –
The jetty on the East side channel , meant to reshape the bay entrance , is named after John Wayne himself .
Why ?
John
Wayne took his boat out to sea , and one night upon coming back from a fishing trip to Mexico , did not realize that the high tide was covering the jetty , and he rode his ship aground on it .
But if that was n’t enough to earn the title , upon another trip back from sea , he crashed into the jetty upon high tide yet again , in nearly the same spot .
So after two times of doing this , they felt is necessary to name the jetty after him .
( The rock jetty is actually called the Zuniga Jetty ) .
Any references used include The Birch Aquarium 2008 - 2009 Whale Watching Program Training Handbook
As Republicans promote tinfoil - hat outrage over Obama ’s plan to address the nation ’s schoolchildren Tuesday , Robert Gibbs brushes it all off .
From the AP
“ I think we ’ve reached a little bit of the silly season when the president of the United States ca n’t tell kids in school to study hard and stay in school , ” presidential spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters .
“ I think both political parties agree that the dropout rate is something that threatens our long - term economic success . ”
WASHINGTON — The White House on Friday dismissed as pointless the furor over President Barack Obama ’s plan to deliver a televised back - to - school speech to the nation ’s students .
What strikes me reading this , however , is the thought that Tuesday is perhaps a step too far for the teabagger movement .
They ’re crying wolf over his Tuesday speech when it ’s his Wednesday speech before Congress that really matters .
Worse , Obama ’s actual , y’know , speech to the students is going to wind up on TV and all over the internet .
Even Wing Nut Daily wo n’t be able to keep Americans from finding out the paranoia was all wrong — right before they hear him talk about health care .
I think the Republicans have miscalculated once again .
The faces of Google Earth : Landscapes that have something familiar about them
At first glance you could be forgiven for thinking it ’s the work of aliens with a sense of humour .
But these images – which bear more than a striking resemblance to some well - known faces - are mostly created by nature .
Some are man-made of course .
But without eagle - eyed users of Google Earth they might never have been found - or at least seen by the rest of us .
Now scroll down though these incredible pictures and prepare to be amazed …
A native Canadian with a headdress ?
Or do these hills in Alberta look more the iPod girl with earphones ( right ) ?
A bearded man in a Polish field ?
But could it be the 16th U.S. President Abraham Lincoln without his hat ( right ) ?
Her face is often on American TV screens , but could Oprah Winfey ( right ) also feature on a maze in Arizona ?
Have you found him ?
Well , one Google Earth user spotted what looks like Jesus ( right ) on sand dunes in Peru
Spookey !
Is it a coincidence or has this Massachusetts field been ploughed into a Halloween pumpkin ( right ) ?
Five alive ?
Nope , not this time .
But the grounds of Versailles ( left ) do look remarkably like the Short Circuit robot
Apocalypse Soon ? by Anthony Aveni
What the Maya calendar really tells us about 2012 and the end of time
The end of the Maya Long Count on December 21 , 2012 - shown here in glyphs on a composite image of the Maya site of Chichén Itzá - is thought by some to mark the end of the world as we know it .
( Aaron Logan / flickr , STScI / NASA )
The end of the Maya Long Count on December 21 , 2012 - shown here in glyphs on a composite image of the Maya site of Chichén Itzá - is thought by some to mark the end of the world as we know it .
( Aaron Logan / flickr , STScI / NASA )
On December 21 , 2012 , thousands of pilgrims , many in organized " sacred tour " groups , will flock to Chichén Itzá , Tikal , and a multitude of other celebrated sites of ancient America .
There they will wait for a sign from the ancient Maya marking the end of the world as we know it .
Will it be a blow - up or a bliss - out ?
Doom or delight ?
That depends on which of the New Age prophets -- an eclectic collection of self - appointed seers and mystics , with names such as " Valum Votan , closer of the cycle " and the " Cosmic Shaman of Galactic Structure " -- one chooses to believe .
In 2012 , the grand odometer of Maya timekeeping known as the Long Count , an accumulation of various smaller time cycles , will revert to zero and a new cycle of 1,872,000 days ( 5,125.37 years ) will begin .
As the long - awaited " Y12 " date nears , tales of what will happen are proliferating on the Internet , in print , and in movies : Hollywood 's big - budget , effects - laden disaster epic , " 2012 , " opens this November under the tagline " We Were Warned . "
Many of the predictions begin in outer space .
It 's known that there is a black hole at the center of the Milky Way , and that in 2012 the sun will align with the plane of the Galaxy for the first time in 26,000 years .
Then , according to the doomsayers , the black hole will throw our solar system out of kilter .
Lawrence E. Joseph , author of a book called Apocalypse 2012 , says that supergiant flares will erupt on the sun 's surface , propelling an extraordinary plume of solar particles earthward at the next peak of solar activity .
Earth 's magnetic field will reverse , producing dire consequences such as violent hurricanes and the loss of all electronic communication systems .
And recent natural disasters , from Hurricane Katrina to the Indian Ocean tsunami ?
They are all related to this alignment , and the ancient Maya knew all about it .
That 's the bad news .
But there 's also good news coming from Y12 visionaries .
Some say that rather than cataclysm , we 're due for a sudden , cosmically timed awakening ; we will all join an enlightened collective consciousness that will resolve the world 's problems .
The winter solstice sun is " slowly moving toward the heart of the Galaxy , " writes spiritualist and former software engineer John Major Jenkins .
On December 21 ( or 23 , depending on how you align calendars ) , when the sun passes the " Great Rift , " a dark streak in the Milky Way that Jenkins says represents the Maya " Womb of Creation , " the world will be transformed .
Then we will " reconnect with our cosmic heart , " he writes .
Unwittingly , the ancient Maya provided fodder for all this cosmic rigmarole .
Monuments , such as Stela 25 at Izapa , a peripheral , pre-Classic ( ca. 400 B.C. ) site located on Mexico's Pacific Coast , map out the galactic alignment that would mark the end of the Long Count .
Stela 25 , for example , is thought to depict a creation scene in which a bird deity is perched atop a cosmic tree .
Jenkins thinks the tree represents a unique north - south alignment of the Milky Way - - a message from the Maya of what the sky will look like when creation begins anew .
These head - turning forecasts are open to serious criticism on both cultural and scientific grounds .
There is little evidence that the Maya cared much about the Milky Way .
When they do refer to it , they usually imagine it as a road .
The association of the Milky Way with a tree , despite the popularity it has acquired since the publication of the 1997 book Maya Cosmos by noted Maya scholars David Freidel and Linda Schele , and writer Joy Parker , emerges strictly from the study of contemporary cultures descended from the Maya .
From an astronomical perspective , the 26,000 - year cycle that causes the realignment of the sun with the plane of the Milky Way was first described by Greek astronomer Hipparchus in 128 B.C.
He observed a slight difference between the solar year ( the time it takes the earth to revolve around the sun ) and the stellar or sidereal year ( the time it takes the sun to realign with the stars ) .
As a result , year to year , the path of the sun and the spots where it rises and sets will change with respect to the backdrop of the stars .
This phenomenon , called precession , is caused by the gradual shift of the earth 's axis of rotation .
In practice , it means that the position of the sun at equinoxes and solstices , which mark the seasons , slowly changes with respect to the constellations of the zodiac .
Maya skywatchers possessed a zodiac , so they could have noted the difference between stellar years and solar years , but there is no convincing evidence that they charted the precession , or how they might have done it .
As the end of the Long Count approaches , more and more books from self - appointed experts predicting doom or enlightenment have begun to appear .
As the end of the Long Count approaches , more and more books from self - appointed experts predicting doom or enlightenment have begun to appear .
According to the Y12ers , based on their interpretation of monuments such as Stela 25 , the Maya not only tracked the precession , but used it to predict what the sky would look like when the Long Count ends and a new cycle of creation begins .
However , anyone who takes the trouble to look at the nighttime sky will discover that the Milky Way , a broad , luminous swath across the sky , looks surprisingly little like it is depicted in the desktop planetarium software often used to infer what ancient stargazers saw .
For example , the galactic plane is very difficult to define even when the sun is n't in it , so solar - galactic alignment can't be pinned down visually to an accuracy any better than 300 years .
Also , the " unique " north - south orientation of the Milky Way thought to be portrayed on Stela 25 actually occurs every year .
And more important conceptually , there is no evidence that the Maya used sky maps as representational devices the way we do .
Finally , there is no indication the Maya cared a whit about solar flares , sunspots , or magnetic fields .
Pulling prophecy from monuments such as Stela 25 amounts to an exercise in cherry - picking data -- often incomplete , vague , or inapplicable -- to justify a nonsensical , pre-formed idea .
Most people familiar with the ancient Maya - - even those who are not prophets of doom -- know that they were obsessed with sophisticated timekeeping systems .
And it is clear from their painted - bark books , or codices , that their astronomers had the capacity to predict celestial events , such as eclipses , accurately .
So it is no surprise that mystically minded people feel free to attribute to the ancient Maya the power to see far into the future .
But what does the cultural record actually tell us about the nature of Maya timekeeping and its relationship to their ideas about creation ?
By the beginning of the Classic Period ( ca. A.D. 200 ) , Maya polities had mastered cultivation of the land , expanded their states , and begun to build great cities with exquisite monumental architecture .
They were on the verge of establishing one of the great civilizations of the ancient world .
A few hundred years earlier , Maya rulers had made a fundamental revision to their calendar that would connect the rise of Maya states with their own origin myths .
They invented a mountain of a time cycle -- the Long Count .
A brilliant innovation , it transplanted the roots of Maya culture all the way back to creation itself .
The Long Count was established with their existing base - 20 counting system , with the day as the basic unit ( see above ) .
It consists of 13 cycles -- corresponding to the levels of Maya heaven , each occupied by objects and deities associated with celestial bodies -- called baktuns that make up a creation period of 5,125.37 seasonal years .
At the end of one creation cycle , the count rolls over to the next Day Zero .
Texts carved on stelae prominently displayed at many Maya sites often open with a Long Count date , a series of five numbers ( 12.8.0.1.13 , for example , corresponds to July 4 , 1776 ) similar to the dateline in a newspaper .
These time markers were a form of political and religious propaganda .
Maya rulers used them to link culturally important but cosmically mundane events in their personal histories -- coronation dates , marriage alliances , military victories , and the turning of smaller time cycles ( for instance , 9.15.0.0.0 , the inscription on Copán 's Stela B , marks the end of a katun , or 20 - year cycle ) -- with the history of their ancestor - gods who created the world .
Thus , a stela 's Long Count gave the ruler the power to proclaim the extraordinary longevity of his bloodline in concrete terms .
The beginning of the Long Count , which marks the last creation episode , took place in the Maya 's mythic past .
Day Zero fell on August 11 , 3114 B.C.
That date was denoted as 13.0.0.0.0 , which is the same date we will see 13 baktuns later , when the Long Count rolls over from 12.19.19.17.19 on December 21 , 2012 , the next Day Zero ( give or take a day ) .
August 11 falls close to one of the two dates each year when the sun passes directly overhead in southern Maya latitudes -- an event known to have been important in the Maya world .
December 21 or 22 is the winter solstice ( or solar " standstill " ) , which marks the day the sun reaches its most southerly position in the sky .
So it is conceivable that the past and future zero days or creation events were deliberately linked to important positions in the sun cycle .
Why does the Long Count begin in 3114 B.C. , well before any identifiably Maya culture had been established by the archaic communities that lived there ?
If we follow the example of how zero dates were set in other calendars around the world , such as the Christian , Roman , and Sanskrit ones , the choice was likely either an arbitrary date linked to some more recent event in Maya history , or itself a culturally and historically significant moment ( similar to the way that the putative year of the birth of Christ roughly marks the beginning of the Christian calendar ) .
But there was nothing special about the position of the Milky Way or the zodiac on that date , nor was anything significant happening in the sky .
The Maya may simply have selected some date from which to look back to decide where their own creation date would fall .
One possible date for this jumping off point is 7.6.0.0.0 ( 236 B.C. ) , which falls right around the time of the earliest Long Count inscriptions .
That date also marks the end of a katun and bears the same Maya month and day names as the date of creation .
It is amusing that the Y12 prophets are certain the world will end for all of us based on a date that may or may not have had historical significance to the Maya a few thousand years ago , who were themselves looking to a date a few thousand years before that .
The ancient Maya might tell us : " Hey , get your own zero point ! "
Though the Maya believed that successive creations were cyclic , there is no clear evidence of what they thought would happen on our 13.0.0.0.0 .
The same holds true for what happened last time the odometer of creation turned over .
But a menacing scene does appear on the last page of the Dresden Codex , a Maya bark - paper book from the 14th century A.D. , depicting destruction by flood .
A sky caiman vomits water , which gushes from " sun " and " moon " glyphs attached to the beast 's segmented body .
Still more water pours out of a vessel held by an old - woman deity , who is suspended in the middle of the frame .
And at the bottom , a male deity wields arrows and a spear .
Verses from early colonial texts back up the flood story of creation .
Curiously , contemporary prophets of doom have n't seized on the flood myth as a mode of destruction , though moviemakers certainly have .
Among the vivid special effects in 2012 are tsunamis engulfing the Himalayas and tossing an aircraft carrier into the White House !
Monumental Maya inscriptions are fairly silent regarding events of the previous creation .
Stela C at Quiriguá in Guatemala follows its 13.0.0.0.0 inscription with hieroglyphic statements that refer to the descent of deities ( related to Cauac Sky , the extant ruler , of course ) , who create the first hearth by setting up three support stones ( represented in the sky by parts of the constellation Orion ) .
Concerning our 13.0.0.0.0 , Monument 6 at Tortuguero in the Mexican state of Tabasco tells of the descent of some transcendent entity to earth .
But just when the story might get even more interesting , the glyphs have eroded away , leaving the door open for the prophets to continue to speculate .
Must we read real history ( and the future ) in the Maya narratives ?
Or can we see them as frameworks for the cultural transmission of traditional rites of renewal , which take place at the turn of all time cycles , such as the appearance and disappearance of Venus , or the 52 - year calendar round that combines the seasonal year with the Maya 260 - day sacred calendar ?
Every year we participate in such rituals on New Year 's Eve .
We take account of ourselves by celebrating the end of our seasonal cycle -- often with wretched excess -- as the stroke of midnight approaches .
Then we perform our acts of penance ( New Year 's resolutions ) to purify ourselves as we contemplate a brighter future .
A vast majority of those familiar with the Maya culture view their cycle - ending prophecies as lessons on how to restore balance to the world by promoting reciprocity with the gods , such as offering them debt payments in exchange for fertile crops .
No wonder we are inspired by the Maya - - they get to participate in their cosmology !
But in that sense , the Y12ers are not so different from the ancient Maya in their desire to reconnect with the past and place their own existence in a broader context .
Where the Maya tied themselves to their ancestor - gods by carving Long Count dates on their stelae , the Y12 prophets use Maya myth and math to invoke some sort of universal beneficent spirit or transcendent evil overmind .
There is also something about the Y12 hysteria that is particular to the English - speaking world -- especially the United States .
The idea that the world will end in cataclysm was firmly planted in Puritan New England .
Evangelical and apocalyptic forms of worship were prominent in the colonies as early as the 1640s , when confessors openly proclaimed themselves ready for God to descend from the sky and pluck them up for judgment .
Two centuries later , hundreds of Millerites ( who would become the Seventh - day Adventists ) anxiously awaited the " Blessed Hope , " based on their leader William Miller 's biblical calculations pinpointing the return of Christ on October 22 , 1844 .
People climbed to their roofs to wait -- and wait -- for the Second Coming .
Today , American anticipation of a celestially signaled end of time has gone mainstream secular .
Many of us remember Comet Kohoutek , the iceball sent to destroy the world in 1973 , or the millennial cosmic reclamation project that attended Comet Hale - Bopp in 1997 - - an " alien mothership " that brought the suicides of 39 members of the Heaven 's Gate cult in California .
The celebrated cosmic convergence of Aztec calendar cycles in 1987 is another example of the American desire to get beamed with revelations from beyond .
It is no coincidence that the Maya entered the modern mythos of creation and destruction in the early 1970s , around the time scholars began to make significant breakthroughs in deciphering Maya hieroglyphics .
Repeating a trend started a century earlier with the mystical writing of Augustus Le Plongeon ( ' The Lure of Moo , ' January / February 2007 ) , pop -fringe literature such as Peter Tompkins 's Secrets of the Mexican Pyramids , Frank Waters 's Mexico Mystique , and Luis Arochi's The Pyramid of Kukulcan heralded secret knowledge of the future emerging from the Maya code .
It was also about this time that promoting the idea of " shared beginnings , " acquired by being at the right place at the right time , began to enter the tourism industry .
Tourists , many with New Age spiritual leanings , flock to Chichén Itzá on the spring equinox , for example , to see a serpent effigy emerge in the shadows of El Castillo .
Sacred tourism is already beginning to cash in on the 2012 myth .
Star parties are planned for Copán and Tikal on the eve of the temporal turnover .
And industrious entrepreneurs are already beginning to prepare 2012 survival kits , a Complete Idiot 's Guide to 2012 , and T - shirts bearing slogans such as " Doomsday 2012 " and " Shift Happens . "
Not to mention the movie .
This is just the beginning .
We live in a techno - immersed , materially oriented society that seems somewhat bewildered by where rational , empirical science might be taking us .
This may be why the mystical , escapist explanations of a galactic endpoint , replete with precise mathematical , historical , and cosmic underpinnings ( masquerading as science ) , have such wide appeal .
In an age of anxiety we reach for the wisdom of ancestors -- even other peoples ' ancestors -- that might have been lost in the drifting sands of time .
Perhaps the only way we can take back control of our disordered world is to rediscover their lost knowledge and make use of it .
And so we romanticize the ancient Maya .
But the glorious achievements of the Maya and other complex cultures of the ancient world are appealing enough on their own .
We do n't need to dress them up in Western or apocalyptic clothing .
And the responsibility for educating the public about what we really know about the Maya and other extraordinary cultures -- such as the ability of the Maya to follow the position of Venus to an accuracy of one day in 500 years with the naked eye -- should fall squarely on the shoulders of those of us who spend our lives studying them .
The Y12 hysteria could leave us asking whether we are doing our jobs , or whether the desire for cosmic connection and continuity is too strong for science and rationality to overcome .
Anthony Aveni is the Russell Colgate professor of astronomy and anthropology at Colgate University and author of the new book , The End of Time : The Maya Mystery of 2012 .
More welfare going to parents here illegally
The number of families with citizen children receiving aid has nearly doubled since ’07
Beyond the Sun Nevada Division of Welfare
Jose Silva had just obtained an appointment in three weeks to see whether his family would be eligible for monthly welfare benefits .
“ Now I just have to not eat until then , ” he joked , standing with his wife on the sidewalk outside the state office on Flamingo Road .
Silva has been without a steady job for a year , one of tens of thousands of workers still reeling from the bottom dropping out of the Las Vegas Valley ’s construction industry , the region ’s second - largest employer after tourism .
If approved for assistance , the Silvas will belong to the fastest - growing category of families in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program .
Bearing the confusing government label of “ non-qualified non-citizens , ” this category refers to families with parents who are not U.S. citizens and children who are .
Since the recession began in late 2007 , the average monthly caseload of these families has grown 96 percent , according to state records .
About 4,250 of these families of mixed immigration status were on the program ’s rolls in September , making it the second - largest category in TANF , after single - parent households .
It is also the only category in the program where parents apply in their children ’s name , as opposed to applying in their own .
TANF gives monthly checks to the families based on income and the children ’s status as citizens and does not require parents to demonstrate that they are in the United States legally .
No one has studied the phenomenon , but Christie D. Batson , an assistant professor of sociology at UNLV who has researched immigrant families , figures the exploding numbers may have at least two causes .
Children of immigrants have long been one of the demographic groups getting the least amount of social services , despite showing great need , Batson said .
This is because illegal immigrant parents often do n’t know about the benefits , or are afraid they could be deported if they seek them .
“ But in the past few years there has been a push to better inform these parents , by social service agencies and nonprofits , ” Batson said .
So the numbers could be a result of more immigrant families finding out about social service programs , she said .
Also , Batson said , “ there has got to be a correlation between the economy and benefits . ”
Gary Stagliano , deputy administrator of the state ’s Welfare and Supportive Services Division , said many of the families joining the agency ’s rolls may have had one or both parents laid off in the services or construction industries .
The Washington , D.C. - based Economic Policy Institute estimated the unemployment rate among Hispanics in Nevada at 16.4 percent for this year ’s second quarter , the most recent period available .
The state ’s overall unemployment rate was 11.3 percent at the time .
It is now 13.3 percent .
In another reflection of the withering economy , the number of households with two parents seeking TANF has also exploded .
Enrollment under that category has increased 69 percent since late 2007 .
Stagliano said this increase may show how the loss of one or two jobs has dropped many families from the middle class in recent months .
Many are applying for welfare benefits for the first time .
And contrary to historical patterns , many do n’t need training to obtain a new job .
“ They are not without skills , education or experience , ” Stagliano said .
“ It ’s just that there are no jobs . ”
Stagliano said that of the immigrant families report some income , meaning one or both of the parents are not “ completely unemployed . ”
Batson said Hispanic immigrants in particular “ place a cultural importance on work , ” adding , “ There is a predisposition that work is important , and they do n’t tend to stay out of work for a long time . ”
Jose Silva said he had worked in construction for 11 years in Las Vegas and was seeking help with paying bills for the first time , after his workload dropped from a few days a week to nothing this summer .
His family had dropped all unnecessary expenses , including cable television , cell phones and eating out .
But walking into the welfare office was n’t easy , he said .
“ It was weird coming here because I ’ve never asked for anything , ” he said .
But he also said he had paid taxes and had Social Security deductions taken out of his paycheck .
“ I ’ve worked a long time and I deserve something back . ”
Stagliano is aware of the controversy surrounding families like the Silvas , centering on that very issue of whether they deserve public benefits .
“ We have people writing in , saying we should n’t supply this service , ” he said .
But that ’s not his call .
“ We have to go by rules established by the federal government , ” he said .
“ Only they can change those rules . ”
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : media@aclu.org
CHARLESTON , WV - The American Civil Liberties Union today announced a successful resolution of the case of Jeffery and Nicole Rank , the young Texas couple arrested on the West Virginia capitol grounds on July 4 , 2004 for peacefully expressing their opposition to President Bush .
According to the settlement agreement , the United States government will pay the Ranks $ 80,000 .
The Ranks , who wanted to attend the President 's Fourth of July address without being mistaken for supporters of his policies , wore homemade t- shirts bearing the international " no " symbol ( a circle with a diagonal line across it ) superimposed over the word " Bush . "
One t- shirt said " Love America , Hate Bush " on the back and the other said " Regime Change Starts At Home . "
Event staff and law enforcement ordered them either to leave the event or remove or cover their shirts .
The couple responded by insisting they had a First Amendment right to remain and express their views .
The two were arrested for trespassing , handcuffed , and hauled away in a police van .
The charges against them were later dismissed and the City of Charleston , not a defendant in the case , apologized for the incident .
" We could n't believe what was happening to us , " said Nicole Rank .
" We tried to tell them we had a right to express our opinion in a peaceful way , but they would n't listen to us . "
The ACLU filed a lawsuit in federal court on behalf of the Ranks , alleging that the defendants ' actions violated their rights under the First Amendment to the Constitution .
With the emergence of a heavily redacted " Presidential Advance Manual " it became clear that the government had a policy of excluding dissenters from public presidential appearances .
Among other things , the manual asserts that proper ticket distribution is vital to " deterring potential protesters from attending events " and outlines procedures for minimizing demonstrators and shielding them from the press .
" As a last resort , " the policy says , " security should remove the demonstrators from the event . "
" Although I disagreed with President Bush , I was a Republican before this incident , so it 's rather ironic that event organizers are advised to use college / young republican organizations as part of ' rally squads ' to oppose messages like ours at presidential appearances , " remarked Jeffery Rank , who has since changed his party affiliation .
" This settlement is a real victory not only for our clients but for the First Amendment .
The outcome of the case speaks for itself , " said Andrew Schneider , Executive Director of the ACLU of West Virginia .
" As a result of the Ranks ' courageous stand , public officials will think twice before they eject peaceful protestors from public events for exercising their right to dissent . "
12reason.leg 22860
Twelve Reasons to Legalize Drugs from The Pragmatist ( August , 1988 ) 2015.
txt 6929
The Enemy is US by Donald W. Hipkiss ( Political Commentary on the War on Drugs ) 2cb.txt 40584
An Overview of 2CB ( 4 - bromo-2,5- dimethoxyphenethylamine ) 5_deaths.txt 20271
A Report of Five Deaths Associated With the Use of MDEA and MDMA by Graeme P. Dowling , MD ; Edward T. McDonough III , MD ; Robert O. Bost , PhD ( March 27 , 1987 ) aa.jok 1613
The Alcoholics ' Anthem , from Christchurch [ N.Z. ]
University Revue absinthe.experiences 4687
An Experience with Absinthe by Aseem ( November 27 , 1995 ) acid_dre.txt 80474
LSD , the CIA , and Your Brain by Zodiac acidinf.fun 8832
LySergic acid Diethylamide by Billy the Kid of Bayonet acidinf .
txt 9135
Lysergic Acid Diethylamide , by Billy the Kid of Bayonet acidinfo.
txt 43854
Information on LSD , by David Honig ( June 2 , 1991 ) acidtrip.hum 3095
Someone writes during an Acid Trip addresse 17550
A Collection of Drug and Anarchist Mailing Addresses aging - and - alcohol 13446
Aging and Alcohol Abuse ( October 22 , 1992 ) alcohol.drg 6803
Part I of the Getting Homemade Highs File alcohol.fun 3226
Alcohol Manufacture by The Shadow Lord of Metal Communications alcohol.mak 13223
The Guys Six Feet Under Present Part I of the Getting Homemade Highs File : Alcohol alcohol.txt 13222
The Guys Six Feet Under Present The Guide to Getting High : Alcohol ald52.drg 2425
Extraction of information on ALD - 52 ald52.txt 0
An Extract of Information about ALD - 52 ( 1984 ) alert.fda 4287
An FDA Warning about Illicit Health Drugs being Imported ( January 30 , 1992 ) alien.txt 19908
The Spacetime Continuum by Terrence McKenna ( Alien Dreamtime ) ( February 26 , 1993 ) amac - pku 12364
Information on Phenylketonuria ( PKU ) from the Pediatric Information Resource Center amanita.rpts 12772
Anectodes Regarding Muscaria from the 1970 's amino .
txt 6213
Amino Acids and Their Effects Version 1.1 by BJ Krawchuk amph.fun 3717
Amphetamenes , from The Anarchist Cookbook , typed in by Zandar Zan amph.txt 4764
Amphetamines : from William Powell by Zandar Zan of the Neon Knights amphetam 5464
Information on Amphetamenes amphies.fun 3357
Amphetamines , from The Poor Man's James Bond amylnitr.txt 2548
The Highs and Lows of Amyl Nitrate / Butyl Nitrate from Dr. Benway anar38.txt 3697
Knock Out Drops : Creating anar67.txt 3012
Mind Control by the Rocker , July 6 , 1986 angel.txt 4853
Information on making PCP ( Angel Dust ) aniherb.hrb 5887
Herbs for Animals , by Helen Massingham Howells ( June , 1988 ) aoa-crac.txt 1143
Making Crack !
By Eye No Phonez ( 1987 ) aphrodis.hrb 8557
Overview of Different Aphrodisiacs armylsd.drg 2181
Smattering of LSD Facts art257.txt 6223
OD : A Story of Teenage Drug Addiction , by David R. Wilkerson art275.txt 4176
Cracking the Crack Habit with God artaud.
txt 36895
The Artaud Teaser by Splicer ( Excerpts from the Works of Antonin Artaud ) b_caapi.txt 7835
Some Information on the Plant " Yage " as a Drug bad_1. txt 5505
Deregulating Drug Use : An Anarchist Perspective barbs.fun 5059
Barbituates , from The Anarchist Cookbook bbros-09.txt 21283
The Buzz Brothers Present The Supreme Bunch of Injustices by Peyote bbros -10.txt 12467
The Buzz Brothers Present The Supreme Bunch of Injustices vs. Peyote Part 2 bbrosn11.txt 16896
High - Witness News May '91 No.189 , transcribed by Major Havoc bbrosn13.txt 43056
An Incomplete List of Impolite Words , 2,443 Filthy Words and Phrases , compiled by George Carline , typed by Havoc bbrosn 14.txt 37811
An Incomplete List of Impolite Words , 2,443 Filthy Words and Phrases , compiled by George Carlin , typed by Havoc bcaapi 6965
Information Regarding Yage beefeces 11776
The Bee Feces Theory Still Has No Sting , by William Kucewicz , Wall Street Journal , 9/17/1987 beergame.fun 6876
Beer Drinking Games by the Penguin beergame .
txt 7923
Beer Drinking Games by the Penguin beerpiza. txt 3119
Beer Drinker 's Deep Pan Pizza beg.amp 8418
Amphetamines , Beginners Guide by the Sarcastic Few , Sweden ( June , 1994 ) bestofta.txt 7401
Smuggling and Dope , by John Shaver ( December , 1982 ) beta.txt 20441
Three Beta -Carboline Containing Plants as Potentiators of Synthetic DMT and Other Indole Psychedelics by Gracie and Zarkov ( August 1985 ) betacrb.drg 20499
Beta -Carboline / Tryptamine Combinations , by Gracie and Zarkov bluflame.txt 48418
The Blue Flame : Fermentation of Alcohol bohos 12280
A Couple of BOHOs Shooting the Breeze ( William Burroughs and Timothy Leary ) bonuscup 4736
Bonus Cup Junior , by Temples of Syrinx bonuscup.
txt 5887
How to Make a Bonus Cup , by Malachi of the Temples of Syrinx booze. fun 18303
Some common drink mixes , by the Penguin of T - Men bor&drug .
txt 54962
Is the Bill of Rights a Casualty of the War on Drugs ? by Eric E. Sterline of the Criminal Justice Policy Foundation ( November 5 , 1990 ) botanica.txt 9600
Information on Various Psychadeling Drugs from the Haight - Ashbury Journal of Psychedelic Drugs bufo.txt 7336
Some Information about Bufo Alvarus ( The Sonoran Desert or Colorodo River Toad ) bufotenine.drg 962
The 5 - hydroxy derrivative of DMT , bufotenine cac_grow.txt 21992
The Cactus Grower 's File ( Frequently Asked Questions ) cactus.txt 45903
Peyote and Other Psychoactive Cacti : How to Use Them , How to Extract Them , What They Contain , Where to Obtain Them cactusgde.drg 46075
Peyote and Other Psychoactive Cacti , by Adam Gottleib cadea1.txt 10043
Clete & Don's Excellent Adventure Part 1 ( Drug Experiences ) cadea2.txt 9613
Clete & Don's Excellent Adventure Part 2 cadea3.txt 9932
Clete & Don's Excellent Adventure Part 3 caffeineinf.drg 2284
The Different Responses of the Body to Caffeine cancer5.asc 4146
Is there a Cancer Cure in Orange Peels ?
cannabis.txt 21927
The Benefits of Cannabis , from Peacenet ( October 6 , 1990 ) chemmeth.txt 4775
Chemicals Used in the Process of Making Methamphetamine by Elric of Imttyt chromos.txt 4847
A Excerpt about LSD and Chromosomes from Andrew Weil cia-lsd.txt 16744
The CIA , LSD , and the 60s Rebellion by Beatrice Devereaux circuit.txt 17182
The 8 - Circuit Model of Consciousness : A Lurker 's Guide circuit8.drg 16192
The 8 - Circuit Model of Consciousness : A Lurker 's Guide clrblnd.txt 1828
The Effectiveness of LSD on Color Blindness cocain2.txt 10456
How to Make Cocaine , by Cube ( May 4 , 1994 ) cocaine.fun 3320
Q and A about Cocaine from a Law Enforcement BBS cocaine.txt 308
The Evolution of a Cocaine Addict , by James Joyner cocainerecipe.txt 10457
The United States government admitted on Monday that the torture of a Saudi man alleged to be part of the 9/11 plot was recorded on video , according to court documents procured by the Center for Constitutional Rights .
The tapes , allegedly showing the torture of Mohammed al Qahtani , 31 , have long been kept under wraps , but a discovery motion for video of his interrogations led the court to acknowledge their existence and order their release .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The videotapes the government is required to produce will reveal the time period at the end of three months of intensive solitary confinement and isolation that immediately preceded the implementation of the ‘ First Special Interrogation Plan , ’ a regime of systematic torture techniques approved by former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld for use against Mr. al Qahtani , ” claimed a CCR media advisory .
Lawyers with the Center for Constitutional Rights have represented Qahtani since 2005 .
The accused 9/11 plotter has been a Guantanamo inmate since 2002 .
According to Susan Crawford , convening authority at the Office of Military Commissions , “ We tortured Qahtani . ”
Crawford ’s statements to The Washington Post in Jan. 2009 made her the first senior Bush administration official to publicly state that a detainee was tortured .
“ His treatment met the legal definition of torture .
And that ’s why I did not refer the case ” for prosecution said Crawford .
ADVERTISEMENT
She added that US military interrogators repeatedly subjected Qahtani to sustained isolation , sleep deprivation , nudity and prolonged exposure to cold , leaving him in a “ life - threatening condition . ”
“ The techniques they used were all authorized , but the manner in which they applied them was overly aggressive and too persistent , ” she said .
“ This was just a combination of things that had a medical impact on him , that hurt his health .
It was abusive and uncalled for .
And coercive .
Clearly coercive .
It was that medical impact that pushed me over the edge ” to call it torture .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Military prosecutors said in November that they would seek to refile charges against Qahtani [ … ] based on subsequent interrogations that did not employ harsh techniques , ” noted The Washington Post .
“ But Crawford , who dismissed war crimes charges against him in May 2008 , said in the interview that she would not allow the prosecution to go forward .
“ After the intense scrutiny of the government ’s torture and interrogation of Mr. al Qahtani , it is shocking that the government has hidden the existence of these tapes from the public for so many years , ” said CCR Attorney Gitanjali S. Gutierrez .
“ The government ’s interrogation of him has been the topic of multiple military , Justice Department and congressional investigations .
These tapes should have been acknowledged long ago . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Mr. al Qahtani ’s torture is already well - established , with a clear paper trail that leads all the way up the chain of command to the desk of Donald Rumsfeld , ” said CCR Executive Director Vincent Warren .
“ The revelation of these tapes indicates the government carefully documented horrific evidence of torture and abuse at Guantánamo .
The only question that remains is whether the people ultimately responsible for it will be held accountable for breaking the law and breaking faith with our system of justice . ”
The judge ’s order acknowledging the existence of the tapes and ordering their release may be read here ( PDF link ) .
With AFP .
More than 650,000 jobs have been saved or created under President Barack Obama ’s economic stimulus plan , the White House said today , saying it is on track to reach the president ’s goal of 3.5 million jobs by the end of next year .
New job numbers from businesses , contractors , state and local governments , nonprofit groups and universities were not scheduled to be released publicly until this afternoon .
But White House economic adviser Jared Bernstein says officials have been told the figures .
When adding in jobs linked to $ 288 billion in tax cuts , Bernstein says the stimulus plan has created or saved more than 1 million jobs .
The data will be posted on www.recovery.gov, the web site of the independent panel overseeing stimulus spending .
“ It ’s a great example of the unprecedented transparency , where the American taxpayer can point and click and see their taxes creating jobs , ” Bernstein said .
Government recovery plans — everything from the $ 787 billion stimulus to tax credits for buying new homes to government deals on new cars — are credited with helping the economy grow again after a record four straight losing quarters .
But the job market has yet to show signs of recovery , putting pressure on the White House to show that the stimulus was worth its hefty price tag .
When it is released Friday , the new data will be the largest and most complete look at how the stimulus has been spent so far .
The White House promised the data would be far more reliable than the first batch of numbers on federal contracts , which the administration initially embraced , then branded a “ test run ” after thousands of errors were discovered .
Electronics retailer Best Buy will be following in the footsteps of Toys ' R ' Us and Amazon.com , running a " buy two games , get one free " deal starting next week .
Perfect for anyone who missed out on previous like promotions .
Advertisement
The sale , which was spotted at NeoGAF and runs October 25 to 31 , applies to all new Wii , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 games , and is limited to games priced $ 59.99 or less .
Sorry , no DJ Hero Renegade Edition for you , bargain hunter !
Advertisement
The timing looks a hell of a lot better for the cash - strapped holiday gamer , considering that Forza Motorsport 3 , Tekken 6 , Ratchet & Clank Future : A Crack In Time and Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City will all hit North America next week .
View Transcript
Transcript
the Boss says , " Asok , I 'm putting you in charge of pandemic contingency planning . "
The Boss says , " Calculate the impact on our business if 50 % of our employees are unable to be productive . "
Asok says , " That 's twice as good as we 're doing now . "
The Boss says , " Just make some slides that say it would be bad . "
The movement 's internal squabbling has some members fearful that it will disintegrate before realizing its full potential .
Tea partiers turn on each other
After emerging out of nowhere over the summer as a seemingly potent and growing political force , the tea party movement has become embroiled in internal feuding over philosophy , strategy and money and is at risk of losing its momentum .
The grass - roots activists driving the movement have become increasingly divided on such core questions as whether to focus their efforts on shaping policy debates or elections , work on a local , regional , state or national level or closely align themselves with the Republican Party , POLITICO found in interviews with tea party organizers in Washington and across the country .
Advertisement
Many of these differences date to the movement ’s beginnings last winter in an outpouring of anger about the huge increases in government spending enacted by President Barack Obama and the Democratic Congress .
But they were overshadowed by the initial explosion of activism that culminated during the congressional town hall meetings in August .
Now the disagreements and the sense of frustration they have engendered could diminish the movement ’s potential influence in state and national politics .
“ These groups do n’t play as well together as they should , ” said Kevin Jackson , a St. Louis - based conservative author and activist who has spoken at dozens of tea party - type rallies and is traveling across the South with a convoy sponsored by the national Tea Party Patriots group .
“ They ’re fractured at the organization level , I think mainly because there are a lot of people who have not had managerial experience who all of a sudden are thrust into the limelight and become intoxicated with it .
And when a potential rift comes up , instead of handling it and maybe agreeing to disagree , they splinter and go off on their own . ”
The movement is composed of hundreds of independent local groups , many of which are incorporated as nonprofits and have localized names referencing the tea parties , 9/12 or We the People .
Many of their members also belong to national conservative groups , including FreedomWorks , Americans for Prosperity and Grassfire , while the local groups often affiliate formally or informally with loose - knit umbrella organizations , including the Tea Party Patriots and Tea Party Nation .
The organizational chaos — combined with a widening apathy at the edges of the movement — has produced a growing consensus among local , state and national tea party leaders that for the movement to evolve from the loose conglomeration of fired - up activists who mobilized this summer to register their dissatisfaction with Obama and Congress at town hall protests and marches across the country into a sustainable bloc with the power to shape the GOP and swing elections , it will require the emergence of a national leader , group or structure .
Ned Ryun , president of American Majority , a nonprofit that has conducted organizer - training sessions for many tea party activists , said “ the next three to six months ” are going to be critical in determining “ what ’s going to happen with the tea party movement .
Are they going to be a bunch of fingers , or are they going to come together to be a fist ? ”
Yet , while some tout a planned National Tea Party Convention in February ( at which former Alaska governor and tea party darling Sarah Palin is listed as the keynote speaker ) as a potentially unifying moment and others point to online coordination efforts , there is deep disagreement about what any national organization would look like and who would lead it .
FreedomWorks , Americans for Prosperity , Grassfire , Americans for Limited Government and a host of other groups have helped organize various efforts capitalizing on the energy behind the tea parties , including providing training , online war rooms that help generate phone calls and ready - to - distribute canvassing literature .
But the groups have also jockeyed — mostly behind the scenes — to take credit for leadership of the movement , which — depending on who ’s doing the telling — took its name either as an homage to the 1773 Boston tax revolt that played a major role in sparking the American Revolution or from an acronym standing for “ taxed enough already . ”
Some activists see the turmoil within the movement and the internal clashes as simply a part of maturing .
“ Some of these groups may burn out , but this is part of this entrepreneurial process and the competition is good , ” said Adam Brandon , vice president of communications for FreedomWorks , a nonprofit chaired by former House Majority Leader Dick Armey of Texas .
The group has facilitated some of the efforts demonstrating the potential power of the movement .
Those have included the confrontations that erupted at congressional town halls this summer , the massive Sept. 12 “ Taxpayer March on Washington ” as well as another Washington rally this month and support for conservative third - party candidate Doug Hoffman , who narrowly lost a special congressional election in upstate New York this month despite strong support from many tea party groups and leaders .
Brandon stressed that the strength of the tea party movement is in its grass - roots nature and that FreedomWorks ’s goal is to help facilitate the movement , not to control it .
“ One thing that ’s clear is that anyone who says they own the tea party movement is going to get run over because no one owns the movement , ” he said .
Brandon acknowledged the “ rivalries and turf battles ” now gripping parts of the movement but said “ that ’s normal because people have different ideas about what they want .
That ’s what ’s happening now , and it ’s sometimes a painful process . ”
Those fights have been waged over issues that go to the heart of the movement ’s purpose and strategy as well as more mundane rivalries and personal feuds .
In Myrtle Beach , S.C. , disputes within the local tea party about how much to engage in partisan politics and whether board members were profiting from contracts to print paraphernalia emblazoned with the group ’s logo prompted the treasurer to resign and join with defectors from a North Carolina We the People group to form a new organization .
“ There ’s a lot of fighting , and everyone wants to be in charge , and that ’s why you have so many splinter groups , ” said ex-treasurer Janet Spencer , who charged her adversaries within the tea party with saying “ derogatory things about me that were very unprofessional . ”
She said her new group , called Patriotic Voices of America / Carolina Patriots , counts about 100 members and will not coordinate with the Myrtle Beach Tea Party , whose treasurer , David Ognek , said the friction is “ just group dynamics . ”
In Texas , a handful of thriving tea party groups severed their ties from the national Tea Party Patriots group after it ousted , then sued a founding board member who had affiliated with a rival group called the Tea Party Express .
“ Our fight is in Congress and not with each other or with these other groups , ” said Toby Marie Walker , who was the Texas state coordinator for the Tea Party Patriots and also co-founded the Waco , Texas , tea party .
This Waco group recently drew an estimated 4,000 people to a rally it organized with the Tea Party Express , which travels the country hosting rallies .
The month before , it had pulled out of the Tea Party Patriots after the Patriots group accused the Tea Party Express of steering the movement away from nonpartisan issue - based advocacy , embracing extremist rhetoric and raising questions about the Express ’s finances .
The Patriots ’ attack and lawsuit worried the Waco group ’s board , Walker said , because “ if you align yourself with someone who is going to be that malicious , then how do we know they wo n’t turn on us ? ”
Other local tea party groups , though , cast their lots with the Patriots , heeding the group ’s call to disassociate with the Tea Party Express .
In Granbury , Texas , local tea party organizer Josh Sullivan says he believes the movement ’s effectiveness is being compromised by extremism .
“ You have some interesting folks in the Tea Party movement — some of them I can support , but some of them are kind of out there and radical , and I do n’t want to associate myself with them , ” he said .
In Northern Colorado , meanwhile , a handful of active 9/12 groups — named for the Glenn Beck - encouraged effort to stage the Sept. 12 Washington march — are unhappy with the state 9/12 group ’s aversion to fundraising and with its focus on national issues and have discussed forming their own rival statewide group .
“ People are beginning to become a little bit de-energized — they ’re starting to feel like they ’re fighting a losing battle , because we send a lot of letters into Washington , D.C. , and things like that , and people are saying they ’re not listening , ” said Brian Britton , who heads the Greeley , Colo. , 9/12 group .
That fear is echoed by Glenn Galls , a Hot Springs , Ark. , tea party organizer frustrated with the focus of Arkansas ’s state - level tea party groups on national races and issues such as cap and trade and health care .
“ If the tea party movement is going to continue to thrive and to grow and to have influence , ” he said , “ it must start coming together and coalescing and finding its purpose in life , because if it does n’t , the excitement will fade like it does from anything else . ”
Be a part of the daily political debate with PROJECT POLITICO powered by YouTube .
Click here to submit your video now and be featured on POLITICO.com .
VENTURA , California - U.S. Army Specialist Alexis Hutchinson , a single mother , is being threatened with a military court - martial if she does not agree to deploy to Afghanistan , despite having been told she would be granted extra time to find someone to care for her 11 - month - old son while she is overseas .
Hutchinson , of Oakland , California , is currently being confined at Hunter Army Airfield near Savannah , Georgia , after being arrested .
Her son was placed into a county foster care system .
Hutchinson has been threatened with a court martial if she does not agree to deploy to Afghanistan on Sunday , Nov. 15 .
She has been attempting to find someone to take care of her child , Kamani , while she is deployed overseas , but to no avail .
According to the family care plan of the U.S. Army , Hutchinson was allowed to fly to California and leave her son with her mother , Angelique Hughes of Oakland .
However , after a week of caring for the child , Hughes realised she was unable to care for Kamani along with her other duties of caring for a daughter with special needs , her ailing mother , and an ailing sister .
In late October , Angelique Hughes told Hutchinson and her commander that she would be unable to care for Kamani after all .
The Army then gave Hutchinson an extension of time to allow her to find someone else to care for Kamani .
Meanwhile , Hughes brought Kamani back to Georgia to be with his mother .
However , only a few days before Hutchinson 's original deployment date , she was told by the Army she would not get the time extension after all , and would have to deploy , despite not having found anyone to care for her child .
Faced with this choice , Hutchinson chose not to show up for her plane to Afghanistan .
The military arrested her and placed her child in the county foster care system .
Currently , Hutchinson is scheduled to fly to Afghanistan on Sunday for a special court martial , where she then faces up to one year in jail .
Hutchinson 's civilian lawyer , Rai Sue Sussman , told IPS , " The core issue is that they are asking her to make an inhumane choice .
She did not have a complete family care plan , meaning she did not find someone to provide long - term care for her child .
She 's required to have a complete family care plan , and was told she'd have an extension , but then they changed it on her . "
Asked why she believes the military revoked Hutchinson 's extension , Sussman responded , " I think they did n't believe her that she was unable to find someone to care for her infant .
They think she 's just trying to get out of her deployment .
But she 's just trying to find someone she can trust to take care of her baby . "
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Hutchinson 's mother has flown to Georgia to retrieve the baby , but is overwhelmed and does not feel able to provide long - term care for the child .
According to Sussman , the soldier needs more time to find someone to care for her infant , but does not as yet have friends or family able to do so .
Sussman says Hutchinson told her , " It is outrageous that they would deploy a single mother without a complete and current family care plan .
I would like to find someone I trust who can take care of my son , but I can not force my family to do this .
They are dealing with their own health issues . "
Sussman told IPS that the Army 's JAG attorney , Captain Ed Whitford , " told me they thought her chain of command thought she was trying to get out of her deployment by using her child as an excuse . " '
Major Gallagher , of Hutchinson 's unit , also told Sussman that he did not believe it was a real family crisis , and that Hutchinson 's " mother should have been able to take care of the baby " .
In addition , according to Sussman , a First Sergeant Gephart " told me he thought she [ Hutchinson ] was pulling her family care plan stuff to get out of her deployment " .
" To me it sounds completely bogus , " Sussman told IPS , " I think what they are actually going to do is have her spend her year deployment in Afghanistan , then court martial her back here upon her return .
This would do irreparable harm to her child .
I think they are doing this to punish her , because they think she is lying . "
Sussman explained that she believes the best possible outcome is for the Army to either give Hutchinson the extension they had said she would receive so that she can find someone to care for her infant , or barring this , to simply discharge her so she can take care of her child .
Nevertheless , Hutchinson is simply asking for the time extension to complete her family care plan , and not to be discharged .
" I 'm outraged by this , " Sussman told IPS , " I 've never gone to the media with a military client , but this situation is just completely over the top . "
Since October 2003 , 104 people have died in the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
Perhaps another thousand perished in the deserts of the American southwest while crossing into the United States without government permission .
And who can forget the 14 refugees fleeing Cuba ’s hell in a tiny rickety boat nine years ago ?
Only a little boy named Elian Gonzales and two others survived the voyage – but not life in America under Bill Clinton ’s regime .
His administration kidnapped Elian and remanded him to Castro ’s clutches .
No question about it , the federal government ’s immigration policy results in hundreds of deaths annually .
And why not ?
Death and mayhem always result when the feds assume powers the Constitution never granted them , whether it ’s the War on Drugs , the undeclared one on guns , or the battle against unauthorized migration .
Search the Preamble , all seven Articles , and 27 Amendments :
You ’ll find no authorization by which the federal government may control the movement of anyone into or out of the country .
( The exception Article I , Section 9 , Clause 1 , “ The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit , ” a euphemism for slaves and the slave trade . )
Indeed , the document never mentions the words “ immigration ” or “ immigrants ” in the sense of voluntary movement .
The framers knew the concept :
The Constitution specifies that the president must be native - born and members of the House and Senate must have been citizens for seven and nine years , respectively .
And Article I , Section 8 does allow Congress “ To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization . ”
But that ’s a long way from authorizing a federal stranglehold on travel .
The Constitution does not permit rulers to issue passports or visas , keep lists of visitors , police the country ’s borders , or bar anyone , citizen or not , from coming and going .
Because they understood government ’s lethal potential , the founding generation limited its role .
Even so , they probably never thought to prohibit Leviathan from controlling immigrants simply because it seldom bothered to in their world .
The State occasionally meddled in migrations – the British government often dumped those criminals it did n’t hang on Australia and the New World ; soldiers in earlier times would surround cities stricken with epidemics and shoot anyone trying to flee .
But John Wilkes ’s experience was far more usual .
A radical member of Parliament whose rapier wit frequently skewered the King or his fellow legislators , Wilkes skipped across the English Channel to France when the House of Lords expelled him .
No guards on either shore tried to prevent his travels .
Ditto for the Marquis de Lafayette , who wished to enlist with the American revolutionaries in 1776 , before France had formally pledged its support .
When British spies told King Louis XVI of Lafayette ’s plans , he promised to arrest him .
Lafayette fled to Spain and , finally , America .
He feared the royal agents chasing him , not officers on any of the borders he crossed .
This openness prevailed through the first century of our national existence .
People came and went as they pleased , citizen or not .
It was n’t until the 1870s that this freedom died – and intriguingly , its murderers never once blamed the Constitution for their crime .
Instead , the Supreme Court invented a governmental “ interest ” in people ’s movements when Californians began hiring Chinese immigrants rather than one another .
The Court claimed it had to act when the Chinese “ engage [d ] in various mechanical pursuits and trades , and thus came in competition with our artisans and mechanics , as well as our laborers in the field . ”
Where the feds ’ newfound “ interest ” had been hiding during the previous century is anyone ’s guess .
Nor do we know its origin , unlike that of our rights , which “ their Creator ” endows on all humankind and which include freedom of movement .
The government ’s interest apparently materializes out of thin air whenever the feds lust after unconstitutional prerogatives .
( Among other interests , the Court found one during the 1960s in “ safe ” aviation .
Hence , federal checkpoints , warrantless searches , high taxes , and grief now curse American airports just as they do the borders ) .
Sadly , Americans cry ever more loudly for Leviathan to increase its unconstitutional power .
Yet each time we clamor for the feds to restrict foreigners ’ movements , we tighten our own bonds .
Among other evils , government charges us hundreds of dollars for passports and erects bureaucracies that consume billions of our taxes while harassing both citizens and foreigners .
It ’s building a wall to rival the one Berlin tore down and has even introduced a national ID .
Like the truth , the Constitution can set us free .
Click above to view the video after the jump
Even more important than being drunk , however , is having the right car .
You have to get a car that handles really well .
This is extremely important , and there 's a lot of debate on this subject – about what kind of car handles best .
Some say a front - engined car ; some say a rear - engined car .
I say a rented car .
Nothing handles better than a rented car .
You can go faster , turn corners sharper , and put the transmission into reverse while going forward at a higher rate of speed in a rented car than in any other kind .
You can also park without looking , and can use the trunk as an ice chest .
Another thing about a rented car is that it's an all - terrain vehicle .
Mud , snow , water , woods – you can take a rented car anywhere .
True , you can't always get it back – but that 's not your problem , is it ?
You know what 's wrong with kids today ?
We do n't either , but one thing we 're sure of is that they just do n't read enough P.J. O'Rourke .
True , Republicanism has fallen totally out of favor among today 's youngsters , but that stuff is cyclical .
Like when Nixon swept into the 80th Congress -- the GOP was all the rage then .
And the Newt Gingrich led 104th Congress was pretty popular for a few minutes back in the Lewinkski- charged Nineties .
Anyhow , O'Rourke is a great Republican .
Our favorite , in fact .
You all should sit down and read P.J. to your children as bedtime stories .
Might we suggest a passage from his 1978 classic , " How to Drive Fast On Drugs While Getting Your Wing - Wang Squeezed and Not Spill Your Drink . "
Here 's a taste : See ?
As for why we dug this old chestnut up , may we suggest you make the jump and watch the video ?
P.J. would be so proud .
[ Source : YouTube via AutoFiends | Image : Getty ]
Just before 9 a.m. , they file into large , sometimes windowless rooms .
In some cases , they punch time cards ; in others , they scribble their names on a sign - in sheet .
They take their places in plastic chairs either grouped around tables or scattered haphazardly .
Some immediately pull out crossword puzzles or books .
Some knit .
Others hold golf - putting contests .
One takes out his guitar and strums .
One day last week , another , wearing a leotard and tights , spread out on the floor and stretched before practicing ballet against a wall in a corner .
Nearby , gazing out a window , a man slowly fell asleep , his head in his hands .
It ’s all in a day ’s work on the city payroll .
For seven hours a day , five days a week , hundreds of Department of Education employees – who ’ve been accused of wrongdoing ranging from buying a plant for a school against the principal ’s wishes to inappropriately touching a student – do absolutely no work .
In an investigation inside the nine reassignment centers called “ rubber rooms ” where these employees are sent , The Post has learned that the number of salaried teachers sitting idly waiting for their cases to be heard has exploded to 757 this year – more than twice the number just two years ago – at a cost of about $ 40 million a year , based on the median teacher salary .
The city pays millions more for substitute teachers and employees to replace them and to lease rubber - room space .
Meanwhile , the 757 – paid from $ 42,500 to $ 93,400 a year – bring in lounge chairs to recline , talk on their cellphones and watch movies on portable DVD players , according to interviews with more than 50 employees .
David Pakter , 62 , has been in a rubber room for a year for buying a plant for his school and giving students watches he ’d made , he said .
The DOE would not discuss ongoing investigations .
Pakter , a former “ teacher of the year ” honored at City Hall during Rudy Giuliani ’s mayoral tenure , just bought a new Jaguar with his $ 90,000 salary for “ doing absolutely nothing . ”
“ It ’s a present from [ Schools Chancellor ] Joel Klein , ” Pakter said .
“ I want to teach , they wo n’t let me teach , but they ’ll pay me enough to buy a car .
Can someone explain this to me ? ”
Another rubber - room attendant said she was unaware of the reason she ’d been assigned there for more than a month .
Yet another , an Army reservist who spent almost 3 1/ 2 years in a rubber room before he retired , begged to be able to go to Iraq instead of staying in DOE Siberia .
Sam Lazarus , a social - studies teacher and union rep at Bryant HS in Long Island City , said he and his spotless 23 - year teaching record were shipped off to a Queens rubber room last spring that was so “ filled to the rafters ” that he was forced to sit in a plastic chair outside the room .
“ I think I ’m the only one who actually had a grievance to get into a rubber room , ” said Lazarus , who was in this “ detention ” for six weeks before accusations of verbally abusing a student were dropped .
Some say the teachers themselves are to blame – their union contract requires a hearing before any tenured employee can be fired .
“ The reason the rubber room exists is because of worn - out and , quite frankly , irrelevant union contracts that do more to protect people ’s jobs than they do to protect kids , ” said Jeanne Allen , president of the Center for Education Reform , based in Washington , D.C .
Adding to that issue is the fact that the 20 arbitrators who review cases meet , on average , five times a month , or twice a month in the summer , making for a painfully slow and inefficient system .
Meanwhile , some teachers feel they ’re being attacked in a “ guilty until proven innocent ” atmosphere in which more powerful principals can easily remove teachers who question the system and students can easily get teachers they do n’t like removed by making up accusations .
The union now counsels its members to avoid becoming too involved – including even in breaking up student fights – because it could land them in a rubber room .
“ Teachers are scared .
The system wants to cover itself , not protect us , ” said Lenny Brown , a physics teacher who landed in the rubber room over accusations that he touched a student ’s breast in front of the class – a charge he vehemently denies .
The DOE admits it has become more proactive in trying to fire teachers .
“ I ’ve been pushing to try to charge more cases , ” said DOE general counsel Michael Best .
“ Sometimes I ’d rather be more aggressive in terms of things , in getting folks who we should be trying to terminate terminated . ”
But Best says the system , governed by state law and contractual obligations , is cumbersome .
“ I think everybody would like to resolve these cases more quickly , ” he said .
Randi Weingarten , president of the United Federation of Teachers , says the union is not interested in protecting bad teachers and adds that she is willing to compromise to fix the system .
She hopes the future holds a quicker process and a rubber - room system where teachers will at least be working .
The city used to assign teachers under review administrative duties , but that ended with the 2002 school reorganization when district - run rubber rooms were turned into larger , citywide cells .
The DOE says it ’s handcuffed by a clause in the teacher contract saying rubber - room residents cannot be given “ non-teaching duties , ” but the UFT says administrative work is just fine .
“ Right now , the system is terrible for everyone , ” said Weingarten .
“ It ’s in everyone ’s interest , I think , to change it . ”
Additional reporting by Susannah Cahalan and Kathianne Boniello
angela.montefinise@nypost.com
I ’ve been corresponding with an acquaintance through Linked In , discussing how a small creative business should adopt a process to manage a growing development team and an ever - increasing amount of work .
When a creative group grows exponentially in size and complexity of work in a small amount of time , the need for a formal process and tools becomes dire .
This situation is not unique to this particular group .
Pelago went through the same growing pains several years ago .
In a small business environment everyone has to wear several hats .
Despite the cross coverage , a lot of important information usually ends up in the minds of individuals .
For example , at Pelago , I ’d always handled system administration , while Cameron was our regular expressions guru , Jaime the Javascript king , and Michael was in charge of DNS .
If one of us was off the grid or had left Pelago , the rest of us would be scrambling to fill in the gaps of missing information .
Pelago had to learn how to transfer knowledge from the few into the minds of the many , or at least make the knowledge easily accessible .
We went through a series of project management methods to handle the flow of information before finally deciding to roll our own web - based software .
What we realized was that our story was not unique and that if we could build a set of tools to handle our process , other small creative groups might find the same success from our online offering .
You could say the following is a short history lesson on where we ’ve been and how we ’ve evolved our process and web - based project management software into what they are today .
In the beginning …
When we first started out nine years ago , there were no web - based project management tools .
There was n’t even a cloud to support them .
We managed our projects using MS Project because that seemed to be how everyone else did it .
We kept all our project notes in a filing cabinet , using one folder per project to contain such information as server passwords , commands for restarting daemons , and printouts of approved design comps .
If you ’ve ever seen the movie WarGames you know how easily hackable this system can be .
Granted our projects were n’t as much a target as a bored high schooler ’s GPA , the data could have been more secure , perhaps even more centralized .
To collaborate on design comps and client contracts we shared out a folder on my desktop .
Eventually the analog information made its way to the shared folder , but it was still difficult to track down and we were still relying on an unencrypted single point of failure .
The file server
It was n’t long before we got serious about web development and serious about our server infrastructure at the office .
We built a linux - based file server and put it on the network .
We now had a high level of security and could share out folders on our Windows network using Samba .
In addition , we could lock down folders based on user groups so that we could control who had access to which files .
Installing a tape drive gave us a backup system we could take offsite .
We were now fully redundant , but the information we were trying to share was still taking up residence in the minds of the few .
The main problem was that no one had any real incentive to document anything .
So we began our search for web - based software that would not only help us manage projects , but also enable us to share our knowledge with one another in a centralized and easily accessible place .
Open source web - based project management software
Our first attempt to build a web - based app mirrored the efforts of many other web design and development companies like our own .
We scoured the web for an open source web - based tool that approximated what we needed .
Once we found something we installed it on our server and then proceeded to duct - tape features onto it and to tweak the features it already had to better suit our needs .
We ended up with software resembling Frankenstein , but it worked .
Our productivity began to increase .
We were getting better at tracking our time , adding notes to projects and managing larger tasks .
However , something was still missing .
We had taken software that was intended to be used in the way it had been built and tried to transmogrify it into something it was n’t .
While more of our individual areas of expertise were becoming more communal there were still gaps in the flow of information .
This was right about the time that Basecamp came onto the scene , so we started trying it out and looking around for a web - based alternative we could use for collaboration and project management .
Rolling our own
When we began our search for online software to manage our needs , there just was n’t much available .
And products like Basecamp were too simple for our needs .
So we decided to roll our own .
Our needs could not have been unique to just us .
Certainly there had to be others out there who needed something more than Basecamp , but not something as convoluted and complex and MS Project .
So we built Intervals and have n’t looked back since .
When we first started using Intervals inside our office our billable hours increased by 30 % .
In addition , our processes become more defined and regimented .
Each task we tracked had its history of actions , documents and time .
If we wanted to know where a bug fix was at or how a new feature was coming along , we consulted the task where we would find the information we needed .
And because our designers and developers were already working on a task in the context of a web - based app , it made it easy to add their notes while they were working .
Information required at the project level was stored in project notes , where it could be encrypted and made viewable only to those deemed necessary .
Now when we need to access information we can easily get it all in one place .
That is n’t to say that Intervals has completely fixed our original issues of knowledge containment .
We still have our experts who own their own space , for example , Cameron will always be the guru of regular expressions .
But now he can log his techniques and samples of his code where we can all learn from him .
We do ping him on those particularly nasty regex ’s , but it ’s a lot less than we used to .
I ’m not saying that web - based project management software is going to handle process and collaboration for you , but it does go a long way in facilitating small business workflow .
Coupled with a motivated team that works and collaborates well together , online productivity tools like Intervals can help establish and maintain process , and provides a centralized store of information for the sharing of knowledge .
In January I forecast the unemployment rate would hit 9.8 % by August .
Meanwhile , even though it was clear the Fed was wildly off base in its adverse scenario , the Fed upped it total to a mere 9.2 % to 9.6 % for the year as noted in Fed 's Economic Forecast Worsens ; Still Ridiculously Optimistic .
The Fed 's forecasts , released as part of the minutes from its April meeting , show that its staff now expects the unemployment rate to rise to between 9.2 % and 9.6 % this year .
The central bank had forecast in January that the jobless rate would be in a range of 8.5 % to 8.8 % , but the unemployment rate topped that in April , hitting 8.9 % .
Nonfarm payroll employment continued to decline in August ( - 216,000 ) , and the unemployment rate rose to 9.7 percent , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today .
Although job losses continued in many of the major industry sectors in August , the declines have moderated in recent
months .
Establishment Data
Highlights
216,000 jobs were lost in total vs. 247,000 jobs last month .
65,000 construction jobs were lost vs. 76,000 last month .
63,000 manufacturing jobs were lost vs. 52,000 last month .
80,000 service providing jobs were lost vs. 119,000 last month .
10,000 retail trade jobs were lost vs. 44,000 last month .
22,000 professional and business services jobs were lost vs. 38,000 last month .
52,000 education and health services jobs were added vs. 17,000 added last month .
21,000 leisure and hospitality jobs were lost vs. 9,000 added last month .
18,000 government jobs were lost vs. 7,000 last month .
A total of 136,000 goods producing jobs were lost ( higher paying jobs ) .
Index of Aggregate Weekly Hours
Birth Death Model Revisions 2008
Birth Death Model Revisions 2009
Birth / Death Model Revisions
The Birth / Death numbers have been a joke for at least two years now .
BLS Black Box
The net birth / death model component figures are unique to each month and exhibit a seasonal pattern that can result in negative adjustments in some months .
These models do not attempt to correct for any other potential error sources in the CES estimates such as sampling error or design limitations .
Note that the net birth / death figures are not seasonally adjusted , and are applied to not seasonally adjusted monthly employment links to determine the final estimate .
The most significant potential drawback to this or any model - based approach is that time series modeling assumes a predictable continuation of historical patterns and relationships and therefore is likely to have some difficulty producing reliable estimates at economic turning points or during periods when there are sudden changes in trend .
Household Data
In August , the number of unemployed persons increased by 466,000 to 14.9 million , and the unemployment rate rose by 0.3 percentage point to 9.7 percent .
The rate had been little changed in June and July , after increasing 0.4 or 0.5 percentage point in each month from December 2008 through May .
Since the recession began in December 2007 , the number of unemployed persons has risen by 7.4 million , and the unemployment rate has grown by 4.8 percentage points .
The civilian labor force participation rate remained at 65.5 percent in August .
The employment population ratio , at 59.2 percent , edged down over the month and has declined by 3.5 percentage points since the recession began in December 2007 .
In August , the number of persons working part time for economic reasons was little changed at 9.1 million .
These individuals indicated that they were working part time because their hours had been cut back or because they were unable to find a full - time job .
The number of such workers rose sharply in the fall and winter but has been little changed since March .
Persons Not in the Labor Force
About 2.3 million persons were marginally attached to the labor force in August , reflecting an increase of 630,000 from a year earlier .
( The data are not seasonally adjusted . )
These individuals were not in the labor force , wanted and were available for work , and had looked for a job sometime in the prior 12 months .
They were not counted as unemployed because they had not searched for work in the 4 weeks preceding the survey .
Among the marginally attached , the number of discouraged workers in August ( 758,000 ) has nearly doubled over the past 12 months .
( The data are not seasonally adjusted . )
Discouraged workers are persons not currently looking for work because they believe no jobs are available for them .
The other 1.5 million persons marginally attached to the labor force in August had not searched for work in the 4 weeks preceding the survey for reasons such as school attendance or family responsibilities .
Table A - 5 Part Time Status
The chart shows there are 9.1 million people are working part time but want a full time job .
A year ago the number was 5.9 million .
This series has stabilized for the last 6 months .
Table A - 12
Grim Statistics
Depression Level Statistics
I consider these job losses to be depression level totals .
Admittedly conditions are not as bad as the great depression , but this is certainly no ordinary recession by any economic measure including lending , housing , bank failures , jobs , the stock market , commodity prices , treasury yields etc .
For more on this idea please see
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
It looks as if China still can't get enough of one of America 's finest exports : our debt .
Despite some public chastising in the past few months by Chinese officials about how much the U.S. government is spending to get out of the recession , the latest figures from the Treasury Department show that China has continued to buy up U.S. bonds this summer .
As of the end of July , China owned $ 800.5 billion in U.S. Treasurys .
That 's up $ 24.1 billion , or 3 % , from the prior month and follows a slight dip in China 's holdings from May to June .
China surpassed Japan as the largest holder of Treasury securities in September 2008 , and over the past year , it has increased its stake in U.S. debt by 45 % .
This is both good news and bad .
On the one hand , it 's encouraging that there are buyers for all the debt that the Treasury is pumping onto the market .
Overall , foreigners purchased $ 15.3 billion more in long - term securities than they sold in July , down substantially from net purchases of $ 90.2 billion in June .
But at the same time , some worry that the U.S. is becoming too beholden to China .
What happens if China suddenly decides that its appetite for Treasurys is sated , or worse , decides to start dumping a significant portion of its holdings ?
A big sale of Treasurys could cause longer - term interest rates to shoot up since bond prices and yields move in opposite directions .
And a lot has changed in the past month and a half that could make U.S. debt less appealing to China .
Since the beginning of August , the dollar has fallen nearly 3 % against the euro , yen and a basket of four other major currencies .
The weakening greenback could lead to more inflation concerns , which would dilute the value of China 's Treasury holdings .
There 's also been this week 's tire tariff tizzy .
Some have speculated that a trade war with China could result in China selling some of its U.S. Treasury stake as retaliation for any further tariffs on goods imported from China .
Despite these fears , several bond experts said they do n't think China will stop buying Treasury bonds anytime soon for two simple reasons : the U.S. government debt market is both the most liquid and safest around .
" I 'm not so worried about China selling Treasurys .
Where else could they go with all the cash they have ?
They 'll continue to buy Treasurys , " said Matthew Smith , president and chief investment officer with Smith Affiliated Capital , a fixed - income money management firm in New York with $ 2.3 billion in assets
The fact that China is the largest foreign owner of U.S. Treasurys does put them in a powerful position .
With over $ 800 billion in Treasury holdings , China obviously has a lot of leverage to try and sway U.S. monetary , fiscal and trade policy .
That partly explains their concerns about our deficit and the recent uproar over the tire tariffs .
" A little bit of the tough talk from China is jawboning .
They want to keep the playing field for trade level .
They are saying to the U.S. that if you want us to keep buying your bonds , let 's keep this friendly , " said John Donaldson , vice president and director of fixed income with Haverford Trust , a money management firm based in Radnor , Pa. with about $ 6 billion in assets .
But if China were to unwind , or hint that it might start to unwind its Treasury holdings , that would hurt China as much as it hurts the U.S.
That 's because if the bond market seriously thought China was going to sell bonds , prices would probably plummet .
" If China signaled they wanted to sell , they would poison the well .
They could n't leave the market without anybody noticing and that would hurt the value of other holdings , " said Brian Battle vice president at Performance Trust Capital Partners , a fixed - income trading firm in Chicago .
Short - term buyers , but what about the long - term ?
Even though China is probably not going to unload Treasurys en masse anytime soon , there are legitimate concerns about what might happen if China slowly started diversifying out of U.S. bonds .
Smith said that China , as well as other emerging markets , may use derivatives contracts to try and hedge their bets on Treasurys and move into other assets instead .
" The fear with China is they may be swapping Treasurys for commodities .
So even though they still own a lot of Treasurys , you could wake up one morning and find that they do n't have as much , " he said .
Battle added that China realizes there would be dire financial consequences if it sold Treasurys now .
But he thinks China is taking a patient and shrewd approach to investing so it wo n't have to keep relying on Treasurys as a safe haven .
So it may only be a matter of when , not if , China starts reducing its U.S. debt holdings .
" I think China will gradually rotate into other assets .
They wo n't be leaving the Treasury market anytime soon because they have no other choice , " he said .
" But over the long - term , China is going to do what 's best for China .
They just can't move that much money out of Treasurys quickly . "
Still , Donaldson thinks these fears are overblown .
He maintains that , even for the long term , what 's best for China is to keep buying U.S. - backed debt .
" People get scared about China selling or reducing U.S. debt holdings .
But China is going to operate in its own best interest , " Donaldson said .
" Trashing their existing holdings reduces the value of what they own .
It 's highly unlikely they would do that . "
Talkback : Can the U.S. keep finding buyers for new Treasury or will demand from China and other nations soon run out ?
Share your comments below .
Lithuanian anti-piracy outfit LANVA has reported the IP - addresses of 106 users of the country 's largest BitTorrent site to the police , on allegations of sharing a copy of Windows 7 .
The site 's owner has said he will do everything he can to help the users if legal action is taken , and in turn has reported the anti-piracy outfit to the police .
LinkoManija.net is the largest BitTorrent site in Lithuania and one of the prime targets for local anti-piracy outfit LANVA .
Last year LANVA was ridiculed by the owner of the site who registered the domain lanva.lt after the group changed its name , something that did n’t do the relationship between the arch rivals any good .
Like all respected anti-piracy organizations , LANVA holds accounts at all the popular private torrent trackers , including LinkoManija .
For a long time their account remained inactive , but this week LANVA claimed a small victory as it reported the IP - addresses of 106 users of the site to the police .
According to the anti-piracy outfit , the reported users were caught sharing a copy of the newly released Windows 7 Ultimate operating system .
As evidence the self - proclaimed investigators submitted a screenshot of peers listed by uTorrent .
The owner of LinkoManija was not impressed by LANVA ’s actions .
“ Anyone can copy a peer list , but it does n’t prove that anyone downloaded the full file or actually uploaded anything , ” Kestas told Torrent Freak .
“ It ca n’t be used as serious evidence , ” he added .
LANVA disagrees and hopes that the police will track down the identities of the accused infringers .
If this happens the users will face fines of up to several hundred dollars , plus additional damages Microsoft ’s lawyers may call for .
In a response the owner of LinkoManija has reported LANVA to the police .
People who are affiliated with an anti-piracy group are not allowed to use LinkoManija according to the site ’s disclaimer , and Kestas has asked the police find out whether LANVA broke the law .
“ We contacted the police and asked them to investigate how LANVA obtained the information , because we did not give them permission , ” Kestas told TorrentFreak .
The police informed him that they would look into the case .
If any of the reported users faces legal action , Kestas says he will help them out with legal support .
“ We told our users that we will be fighting for them if they get in trouble , because it ’s a fight for the freedom of us all , ” he said .
“ Our users are our strength , ” he added .
American capitalism gone with a whimper
It must be said , that like the breaking of a great dam , the American decent into Marxism is happening with breath taking speed , against the back drop of a passive , hapless sheeple , excuse me dear reader , I meant people .
American capitalism gone with a whimper
True , the situation has been well prepared on and off for the past century , especially the past twenty years .
The initial testing grounds was conducted upon our Holy Russia and a bloody test it was .
But we Russians would not just roll over and give up our freedoms and our souls , no matter how much money Wall Street poured into the fists of the Marxists .
Those lessons were taken and used to properly prepare the American populace for the surrender of their freedoms and souls , to the whims of their elites and betters .
First , the population was dumbed down through a politicized and substandard education system based on pop culture , rather then the classics .
Americans know more about their favorite TV dramas then the drama in DC that directly affects their lives .
They care more for their " right " to choke down a McDonalds burger or a BurgerKing burger than for their constitutional rights .
Then they turn around and lecture us about our rights and about our " democracy " .
Pride blind the foolish .
Then their faith in God was destroyed , until their churches , all tens of thousands of different " branches and denominations " were for the most part little more then Sunday circuses and their televangelists and top protestant mega preachers were more then happy to sell out their souls and flocks to be on the " winning " side of one pseudo Marxist politician or another .
Their flocks may complain , but when explained that they would be on the " winning " side , their flocks were ever so quick to reject Christ in hopes for earthly power .
Even our Holy Orthodox churches are scandalously liberalized in America .
The final collapse has come with the election of Barack Obama .
His speed in the past three months has been truly impressive .
His spending and money printing has been a record setting , not just in America 's short history but in the world .
If this keeps up for more then another year , and there is no sign that it will not , America at best will resemble the Wiemar Republic and at worst Zimbabwe .
These past two weeks have been the most breath taking of all .
First came the announcement of a planned redesign of the American Byzantine tax system , by the very thieves who used it to bankroll their thefts , loses and swindles of hundreds of billions of dollars .
These make our Russian oligarchs look little more then ordinary street thugs , in comparison .
Yes , the Americans have beat our own thieves in the shear volumes .
Should we congratulate them ?
These men , of course , are not an elected panel but made up of appointees picked from the very financial oligarchs and their henchmen who are now gorging themselves on trillions of American dollars , in one bailout after another .
They are also usurping the rights , duties and powers of the American congress ( parliament ) .
Again , congress has put up little more then a whimper to their masters .
Then came Barack Obama 's command that GM's ( General Motor ) president step down from leadership of his company .
That is correct , dear reader , in the land of " pure " free markets , the American president now has the power , the self given power , to fire CEOs and we can assume other employees of private companies , at will .
Come hither , go dither , the centurion commands his minions .
So it should be no surprise , that the American president has followed this up with a " bold " move of declaring that he and another group of unelected , chosen stooges will now redesign the entire automotive industry and will even be the guarantee of automobile policies .
I am sure that if given the chance , they would happily try and redesign it for the whole of the world , too .
Prime Minister Putin , less then two months ago , warned Obama and UK's Blair , not to follow the path to Marxism , it only leads to disaster .
Apparently , even though we suffered 70 years of this Western sponsored horror show , we know nothing , as foolish , drunken Russians , so let our " wise " Anglo - Saxon fools find out the folly of their own pride .
Again , the American public has taken this with barely a whimper ... but a " freeman " whimper .
So , should it be any surprise to discover that the Democratically controlled Congress of America is working on passing a new regulation that would give the American Treasury department the power to set " fair " maximum salaries , evaluate performance and control how private companies give out pay raises and bonuses ?
Senator Barney Franks , a social pervert basking in his homosexuality ( of course , amongst the modern , enlightened American societal norm , as well as that of the general West , homosexuality is not only not a looked down upon life choice , but is often praised as a virtue ) and his Marxist enlightenment , has led this effort .
He stresses that this only affects companies that receive government monies , but it is retroactive and taken to a logical extreme , this would include any company or industry that has ever received a tax break or incentive .
The Russian owners of American companies and industries should look thoughtfully at this and the option of closing their facilities down and fleeing the land of the Red as fast as possible .
In other words , divest while there is still value left .
The proud American will go down into his slavery with out a fight , beating his chest and proclaiming to the world , how free he really is .
The world will only snicker .
Stanislav Mishin
The article has been reprinted with the kind permission from the author and originally appears on his blog , Mat Rodina
Britain 's reputation for " libel tourism " is driving American and foreign publishers to consider abandoning the sale of newspaper and magazines in Britain and may lead to them blocking access to websites , MPs have been warned .
Publishers , human rights groups and campaigners have expressed " substantial and increasing concern " because comments that would be protected under the freedom of speech in the US constitution are actionable in London courts once published here , no matter how small the readership .
A memorandum submitted to a Commons select committee , ahead of a meeting with US publishers , states : " Leading US newspapers are actively considering abandoning the supply of the 200 - odd copies they make available for sale in London – mainly to Americans who want full details of their local news and sport .
They do not make profits out of these minimal and casual sales and they can no longer risk losing millions of dollars in a libel action which they would never face under US law .
Does the UK really want to be seen as the only country in Europe – indeed in the world – where important US papers cannot be obtained in print form ? "
The submission , on behalf of a number of US media outlets , including the Los Angeles Times , the New York Times and MacMillan ( US ) , as well as Human Rights Watch , Global Witness US and Greenpeace International , added : " The consequences of making media organisations liable for putting articles – perfectly lawful by the law of their own domicile – on websites which are occasionally accessed in England should be obvious .
The cost of fighting libel actions may lead internet publishers to build ' fire walls ' against access from the UK , in order to avoid such actions . "
Jesse Vincent announced the Perl 5.11.0 release .
Perl 5.11.0 is the first release in the development track of Perl 5 .
Perl 5.11.x will become Perl 5.12.0 at some point in the future .
5.11.0 represents years of development -- patches , branches , backports , changes , bugfixes , cleanups , rephrasings , and lots of work behind the scenes to improve the Perl 5 language .
The most important part of the release announcement is the schedule for subsequent releases in the Perl 5.11.x family : a new development release every month on the 20th .
Jesse 's announcement explains that the intent of the new development model is to avoid burning out the brilliant , dedicated , and valuable people who 've been pumpkings before .
That 's important .
There are other valuable results of this change , though .
The most important is that Perl 5.11.x reduces risks associated with developing and releasing Perl 5.12.0 :
The release process itself has changed ( and will continue to change ) to make monthly releases possible .
The release process wo n't scale if it takes a week 's worth of effort on the part of any individual .
Yet monthly development releases are much less risky than supported releases ; a bit of confusion or a delay is less dramatic .
The development process will ( likely ) fall into a cadence around the monthly releases .
Even though development releases can have less polish than a supported release , no one wants to release an uninstallable tarball which fails important tests .
This provides a pressure to keep the trunk stable and to merge destabilizing changes just after a release .
Multiple potential release managers remove the bottleneck on one individual , require a well - understood , documented , and automated release process , and allow anyone trustworthy to step in at the last moment .
Writing release notes which represent a month 's worth of work is easier than writing release notes ( and changelogs and ... ) that represent a year 's worth of work .
The release notes and deltas for Perl 5.12 should be a concatenation of the release notes and deltas for all releases in the Perl 5.11.x family .
Regular releases improve the testability of software by providing a convenient point for mutual debugging .
Bisecting a month 's worth of changes to find a bug is easier than bisecting a year 's worth of changes to find a bug .
Experimental features can reach a wider audience of testers and developers without p5 p committing to supporting those features as - is ( or at all ) in stable releases .
Faster feedback is always useful .
I suspect -- but cannot prove yet -- that regular releases will improve the velocity of Perl 5 development as well as improving the long - term planning of Perl 5 .
That 'll be easier to measure by early 2010 .
Congratulations to Jesse and all of the other Perl 5 committers .
Holocaust Children Unite to Celebrate their 100 - Year - Old Hero
In 1939 , a British stockbroker went on a mission to rescue 669 Jewish Czech children from certain death at a concentration camp .
70 years later , his " children " have made a journey back to thank him .
In December 1938 , Sir Nicholas Winton was just a 29 - year - old stockbroker from London , headed off for a skiing vacation in Switzerland .
But shortly before he was scheduled to leave , he received a cryptic phone call from a friend , Martin Blake .
“ I have a most interesting assignment and I need your help , ” Blake told him .
“ Do n’t bother bringing your skis . ”
Under Blake ’s urging , Winton skipped out on his holiday and headed to Prague instead .
There , he volunteered as an aid in a refugee camp where thousands of Jewish families were living in inhumane conditions .
It became more and more evident that war was unavoidable , and Winton knew that Jewish families everywhere would be in grave danger when the Nazi troops arrived .
At the refugee camp where he was volunteering , “ the parents desperately wanted at least to get their children to safety when they could n’t manage to get visas for the whole family , ” Winton said .
“ I began to realize what suffering there is when armies start to march . ”
Winton pledged to find safe homes for all of the Czech children in his refugee camp , and quickly got to work arranging their escape plans .
He worked late into the night after his day job , with assistance only from his mother and a few volunteer helpers .
It was n’t easy , but he secured foster homes for all of the Czech children in Great Britain and Switzerland , and raised money to pay the £ 50 transportation fee for each child .
Winton managed to put 669 children on trains to safe havens over the next months , until Hitler ’s invasion of Poland put an end to railroad trips across Germany - controlled borders .
Though many of their relatives were sent to concentration camps and never seen again , all 669 children survived the war .
Last Friday , another train pulled into a railway station in London , carrying 22 of “ Winton ’s children , ” as they now call themselves .
Now in their 70s and 80s , the survivors had come together to mark the 70th anniversary of their escape from Prague , and to pay tribute to Winton , who is now 100 years old .
Standing at the platform , Winton shook hands with each of the children he ’d rescued .
But while the 22 survivors who made it out for the visit were thrilled to be reunited with their savior , many more were sending him thanks from afar .
As it happens , Wilton ’s family of survivors has grown quite a bit in the 70 years since he sent the children to safety : today , between the 669 rescued Czechs and all of their descendants , Winton ’s “ children ” number more than 7,000 .
We ’d have to agree with the Talmudic statement that ’s inscribed on a ring that one of the survivors gave to Winton years ago : “ Save one life , save the world . ”
Federal regulators in the Bush administration blocked attempts by state governments to prevent predatory lending practices that resulted in the financial crisis now stalking the American economy , a new study from the University of North Carolina says .
In 2004 , the Office of the Currency Comptroller , an obscure regulatory agency tasked with ensuring the fiscal soundness of America ’s banks , invoked an 1863 law to give itself the power to override state laws against predatory lending .
The OCC told states they could not enforce predatory - lending laws , and all banks would be subject only to less - strict federal laws .
ADVERTISEMENT
Now , a research paper ( PDF ) from UNC - Chapel Hill ’s Center for Community Capital shows that those anti-predatory lending laws had actually worked .
States that had stricter regulations on issuing mortgages were found to have fewer foreclosures .
“ We believe that these findings are remarkable , since they suggest an important and yet unexplored link between [ anti- predatory lending laws ] and foreclosures , ” the study ’s authors state .
The study may be the first scientific evidence to back up claims made by many critics that the Bush administration and earlier administrations allowed last year ’s financial crisis to happen by not enforcing common - sense regulations on lenders .
Last year , seven months before the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the ensuing government banking bailout , then - New York Governor Eliot Spitzer wrote a Washington Post column in which he described how the Bush administration blocked states ’ efforts to prevent a crisis in the mortgage industry .
Spitzer wrote :
Predatory lending was widely understood to present a looming national crisis .
This threat was so clear that as New York attorney general , I joined with colleagues in the other 49 states in attempting to fill the void left by the federal government .
Individually , and together , state attorneys general of both parties brought litigation or entered into settlements with many subprime lenders that were engaged in predatory lending practices .
Several state legislatures , including New York ’s , enacted laws aimed at curbing such practices .
What did the Bush administration do in response ?
Did it reverse course and decide to take action to halt this burgeoning scourge ?
As Americans are now painfully aware , with hundreds of thousands of homeowners facing foreclosure and our markets reeling , the answer is a resounding no .
Not only did the Bush administration do nothing to protect consumers , it embarked on an aggressive and unprecedented campaign to prevent states from protecting their residents from the very problems to which the federal government was turning a blind eye .
ADVERTISEMENT
Spitzer ’s
Post column ran a month before the New York Times reported that federal authorities were investigating Spitzer as a patron of high - end hookers , ending his political career and long - running crusade against corporate malfeasance .
Some observers , including investigative reporter Greg Palast , say this was not a coincidence .
The UNC study “ is a perfect reminder , as Congress and the administration tackle financial regulatory reform , that not all regulations are onerous , anti-business , and aimed at choking off financial innovation , ” writes Mary Kane at the Washington Independent .
“ And it ’s more evidence that borrowers buying beyond their means were n’t the only only players in the sub - prime mess . ”
I do n’t know how much The Fourth Kind is on anyone else ’s radar ( maybe you ’ve seen / heard the ads playing right now on Theater Hopper – sorry about that ) .
Regardless , the execution of this film has me interested .
Basically , the film sets itself up as a dramatic retelling of actual events that were said to transpire in Alaska in the 1970s .
Several people have been abudcted for years without any clues to their disappearances .
Several years later , psychologist Dr. Abigail Tyler ( played by Milla Jovovich ) is video taping disturbed patients who are subjects in a sleep study .
Under hypnosis , they reveal that they have been subjected to alien encounters and experimentation .
What the film does next , I think is genius .
It splices in some of Dr. Tyler ’s “ real ” videotaped footage of the hypnotized patients in with the Hollywood version and it creates a layer of fear and doubt that starts to mess with you a little .
If you do a little digging , you ’ll find some controversy around The Fourth Kind , but I think it ’s the appropriate amount of controversy to stir interest in the film and get the audience to ask sincere questions about the veracity of what they ’re watching .
When you think about movies like Paranormal Activity , Rec. or The Blair Witch Project and what they ’ve done with “ found ” footage , The Fourth Kind is playing on another level .
It ’s presenting to you the “ real ” footage – framing it in an almost truthful , documentary context – and then contrasts it with the “ pretend ” version , Hollywood ’s dramaticization and leaves it up to the audience to decide .
Smart stuff .
I do n’t have much more to say about The Fourth Kind except to talk it up a little bit .
I ’ve seen ads for it here and there , but I ’m not really hearing any buzz .
So , if you have n’t heard about it until now , consider yourself informed .
Something else you should consider yourself informed about is the fund raising project I have going on over at Kickstarter to raise money for Theater Hopper : Year Three .
I talked about it a little bit on Friday and explained what I ’m doing to try and raise money and I ’m bringing it up again today .
There have been a few pledges over the weekend , but we ’re going to need a lot more if we ’re going to make goal by December 31 .
The holiday ’s are hectic .
Do n’t let them get in the way of preventing you from pledging to the cause !
Visit the campaign page at Kickstarter to read more about the project , including details on the rewards you can receive by pledging at different levels !
Incidentally , I just got a copy of Adobe Premiere Effects over the weekend and I ’m excited to record a little promo video explaining the project that I can post to the campaign page .
I ’ll let you know when that ’s edited together and ready to view .
I do n’t know if I ’ll have a chance to put together the video tonight because I still need to watch the 1941 original Wolf Man for The Triple Feature .
Since we were kind of rudderless on last week ’s show , Gordon , Joe and I agreed that we needed to get back on track and the easiest way to do that was by having all three of us watch the same movie .
So , in a fit of post - Halloween examination , we ’re going to discuss the classic versoin of The Wolf Man and use it as a foundation to discuss the 2010 remake starring Benicio Del Toro and Anthony Hopkins when it comes out .
I ca n’t afford to be dead weight on this one .
It ’s was a little difficult for me to run down a copy of The Wolf Man to watch before tonight ’s show .
Cami and I canceled our Netflix account because we were terrible about making time to watch the movies we rented .
I think we need the threat of a late fee to make that kind of activity a priority anymore .
Either that or I need to buy an X - Box 360 so I can download movies directly from Netflix to my console and watch them when I want to watch them .
I do n’t know if that would improve my odds of watching these kinds of movies or not ? …
Anyway , Gordon pointed out that I can “ rent ” The Wolf Man online through Amazon On Demand , which I totally did n’t know you could do .
It ’ll kind of suck being forced to watch it on a computer monitor , but it ’s the best option I have right now .
Anyway , be sure to listen to the final outcome tonight at 9:00 PM at TalkShoe.com .
It ’s always a good time .
That ’s about it for me .
Feel free to leave your thoughts about The Wolf Man ( original or remake ) , The Fourth Kind or our new Kickstarter fund raising campaign in the comments below !
Description :
Web Application security has become one of the top concerns of online businesses .
As firewalls and IPSs are getting more and more sophisticated , and successful in keeping the bad guys out , web applications still seem to be the Achilles Heel of network security .
Also , as most web apps use custom code bases , chances of security bugs creeping in are much higher .
The OWASP foundation has compiled a list of the top 10 vulnerabilities in web applications : A1 - Cross Site Scripting ( XSS ) A2 - Injection Flaws ( SQL and Command ) A3 - Malicious File ExecutionA4 - Insecure Direct Object ReferenceA5 - Cross Site Request Forgery ( CSRF ) A6 - Information Leakage and Improper Error HandlingA7 - Broken Authentication and Session ManagementA8 - Insecure Cryptographic StorageA9 - Insecure CommunicationsA10 - Failure to Restrict URL AccessIn this video series , Barry Dorrans , an MVP , discusses the OWASP Top 10 and shows demos to illustrate each vulnerability .
The counter measures and secure coding guidelines are also mentioned , but concentrate solely on the ASP.
NET platform .
The video is very elaborate in its coverage and is a good watch for web hackers in general and ASP .
NET developers in particular .
Thanks to Edge UG for posting these on Vimeo .
Enjoy !
It ’s all praise for the satnav – the satellite navigation system for vehicles that will always direct you to find the quickest route to your destination .
No more having a screaming row in the middle of nowhere , and throwing the maps at each other .
That ’s what most people think when they buy their first system .
Whether it is Tom Tom or any another make , how reassuring and confident that male or female voice sounds directing you towards your chosen destination .
Of course because it is modern technology ; it is like the Archangel “ Computer ” guiding you home .
It must be omnipotent and can never be wrong …
… that is until the first time it tells you , with all its authority that you must turn the wrong way into a busy “ One - Way ” street .
The blaring horns of the other drivers are not there to praise your choice of having Satnav the Angel travelling with you .
That is probably when the first seeds of doubt about the omnipotence of the satnav may creep in , and in trusting the system you may have been “ dumb dumb ” .
Perhaps we should not be too hard on the system producers who appear to have tried to update them to take account of all possibility of mapping errors and road system quirks .
Perhaps the problems lie more with the users .
Here are the tales of some drivers who took the words of the satnav as gospel , when they should have remembered one of the satnav ’s own favourite phrases :
“ Turn around when possible ” !
£ 96,000 Mercedes written off .
This driver , on her way to a christening , was rescued from a swollen river and watched in horror as her Mercedes SL500 sports car was washed away
Ignoring the signs that said “ unsuitable for motor vehicles ” she followed the rough farm track , near the village of Sheepy Magna , until she came to a ford at the River Sense
Even though the waters were swift flowing and flooded due to heavy rainfall , her satnav ruled the roost and she obeyed its commands and continued , regardless of what good sense told her .
Alice Clark , a 24 - year - old stables owner , who rescued her , said :
“ She was screaming “ Help me , help me ” as she struggled to get the door open .
Just as I reached her the electrics went , causing the windows to open and even more water started gushing in .
I desperately hauled her through the window into the river .
Seconds later , the car became completely submerged as it filled with water . ”
Miss Clark ’s boyfriend then took the woman , who gave her name only as Hayley , to a motorway service station where a chauffeur - driven Bentley collected her .
The car , which had bumped from bank to bank 600 m downstream , was trapped for a week before being hauled out and declared a right - off .
The water did not look deep – it only came halfway up the ducks !
It would appear that some drivers will follow their satnav no matter what road warning signs say .
From This is Cirencester
Drivers in Luckington have been getting that sinking feeling after trying to find a detour around a road closure in Sherston .
Satellite navigation systems and misleading signs have been blamed after dozens of motorists tried to drive through a ford at Brookend in Luckington only to get stuck in up to three feet of water .
The misleading depth gauge is causing havoc for drivers especially after heavy rain even though another sign by the ford says it is not suitable for motor vehicles .
Tom Lucarotti , 30 , of Stroud Landscaping and Fencing , was one of the recent victims of the confusion , as he disovered to his cost .
“ It was the first time I had tried to cross the ford , and I ended up having to call out the AA , ” he told the Standard .
“ The depth of the water was actually nearer three feet , I later discovered .
It cost me at least £ 600 - £ 700 , because I had to buy another van , and take out the engine to replace the one in my vehicle . ”
After the incident , Mr Lucarotti returned to the scene only to find someone else in trouble and then give them a tow out of the ford .
Enterprising farmers have been towing out stricken vehicles at £ 25 a time .
One local resident has been helping stranded drivers to dry out .
The lady said : ‘ The other day my husband came home and I had to explain why there was a van driver ’s trousers in our tumble dryer .
He was sitting in his cab , shivering in his boxer shorts . ’
I was only 1600 miles wrong
Syrian truck driver Necdet Bakimci was travelling from Turkey with an intended destination of Gibraltar , a journey which should have taken him through Southern Spain and to the coast of the Mediterranean .
Instead his satnav took him to Gibraltar Point , an area overlooking the seaside resort of Skegness , on the North Sea coast of England .
The Sun reported :
It took him almost an hour to turn around his truck of prestige cars .
Twitcher Steven Humphreys , 57 , of Burgh le Marsh , Lincs , said : “ He showed me his delivery docket .
“ I had my laptop and found the place on Gibraltar .
Amazingly , the guy did n’t seem too upset . ”
The confusion came about because the Rock of Gibraltar is considered part of the UK – and sat - nav systems would list it as such .
Necdet , working for a firm in Antakya , Turkey , near the Syrian border , was last night heading home after unloading the cars near Birmingham for onward shipping .
What ’s a 100 ft drop to a BMW ?
Heading to a friend ’s house , Robert Jones put his life in his hands when he religiously followed his satnav to the edge of a 30 meter drop .
Even though the steep rocky path became almost impossible , Robert said “ I just trusted the satnav .
“ It kept insisting that the path was a road even as it was getting narrower and steeper .
“ I rely on my satnav , I could n’t do without it for my job .
I guess I ’m lucky the car did n’t slip all the way over the edge .
But it has been a bit of a nightmare . ”
Apparently it took around nine hours to recover the car and police are looking into the possibility of charging him with careless driving , according to the Mirror
What ’s the name of the taxi firm ?
This taxi driver , on his way to pick up a fare , managed to drive 200 yards up the River Nar in Norfolk before his eight - seater minibus ground to a halt in the mud of the river bed .
To cut a long story short – the satnav said drive up the river , so he did !
According to reports the driver appears to want to remain nameless .
According to his employers he did not remain nameless in the joke texts that were being sent around the taxi ranks the following day by other cab drivers .
Catherine O'Neill , the school 's principal , said , in a letter to parents : " From time to time we will request your daughter to bring in a toilet roll to her class teacher .
These rolls will be specifically for your daughter 's class and will be dispensed by the class teacher . "
While driving to work last week we found a large , great horned owl on the side of the freeway next to a tall concrete wall .
He could fly , but not very well ( he looked like he may have gotten clipped by a car ) .
We caught him in mid-flight before it got out in traffic and I somehow managed to not get bitten or ripped open by his claws .
We were on the way to work so we had to bring him with us .
He was pretty mad so it was really tricky to photograph him .
I had to hold him with one hand in my lap and work the camera with the other hand .
One of the homeowners we met with that day gave us a box , so that made things quite a bit easier .
We dropped him off at a state park and an animal rescue organization sent a team to come pick him up ( I 'm not sure if they knew he was already in a box ) .
Update :
While in a totally different city working the other day , Frank got into a conversation with a homeowner who pointed out the spot where a hawk crashed into his window , so Frank mentioned the owl we dropped off at the park .
Strangely , it turned out this homeowner was a volunteer who just happened to be working at the park the day we brought the owl .
Without realizing it , we had even seen him from a distance working on a park project at a back section of the park after hiking 6 miles through the canyons the day we dropped off the owl .
Anyway , circumstantial craziness aside , he informed us the owl was doing good and was almost ready for release .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
General Motors ' ( GM ) decision to hang on to its European car unit Opel , including Vauxhall , was welcomed in the UK but met with anger in Germany .
Unite union chief Tony Woodley , a former Vauxhall worker , hailed the news as a " fantastic decision " .
But unions in Germany said workers would begin walk - outs from Thursday in protest at GM 's decision .
The German government , which had backed the sale of Opel , demanded GM repayment of a 1.5 bn euro ( $ 2.2bn ; £ 1.3 bn ) loan .
German leaders and labour unions had favoured a sale , to Canadian car parts maker Magna , as the best way to save German jobs as it included a guarantee that no German factory would be closed .
' Totally unacceptable ' " General Motors ' behaviour shows the ugly face of turbo - capitalism , " said Juergen Ruettgers , premier of the state of North Rhine - Westphalia , where there are fears that the Opel plant in Bochum could face closure .
ANALYSIS Jorn Madslien , business reporter , BBC News General Motor 's ( GM ) decision to keep Opel and Vauxhall rather than sell the two marques to Canadian parts maker Magna and Russian Sberbank , seems logical .
GM never really wanted to get rid of its European operations , fearing it would hamper its global competitiveness , in particular in Russia - which is expected to emerge as Europe 's largest market over the next few decades .
But the American automotive giant was forced to agree to sell Opel and Vauxhall ahead of bankruptcy proceedings during the spring , as US taxpayers were loath to also bail out GM 's foreign operations .
In Europe , Germany in particular had been prepared to dig deep into its pockets to ensure Opel 's survival in the run-up to a general election in September .
Opel still needs large cash injections , though whether Germany will still be willing to deliver them now that election has been won is another matter - not least since any funds injected by European taxpayers at this point would help bolster a GM majority - owned by US taxpayers .
What next for GM in Europe ?
The German government has also responded angrily .
" We will get back taxpayers ' money , " German Economy Minister Rainer Bruederle said .
Mr Bruederle is attending a government meeting on Wednesday to discuss GM 's decision and press it to reveal its new plans as soon as possible .
" The behaviour of General Motors towards Germany is totally unacceptable , " he said .
" General Motors alone is responsible for this development .
Only yesterday the workers signalled that they were prepared to consider wage sacrifice as a solution .
It 's up to General Motors to go back to the workers . "
The German government had provided the 1.5 bn - euro bridging loan to Opel to keep it afloat during the long , drawn out negotiations over the past few months to find a buyer .
GM first said in March that it wanted to offload Opel , which includes Vauxhall , when the US firm entered a period of bankruptcy protection that eventually saw it emerge with the US government as its biggest shareholder .
After months of negotiations , GM finally agreed to sell the brands to Magna in September , with the German government pledging Magna 3bn euros in loan guarantees on top of the existing bridging loan .
German strike action Industrial union IG Metall said workers at Opel 's four German plants would halt work - so - called " warning strikes " - on Thursday .
Other plants in Europe would follow on Friday , it said .
Opel employs a total of 54,000 workers across Europe , with 25,000 based in Germany .
In the UK , its Vauxhall brand employs 5,500 people across two plants in Luton and Ellesmere Port .
The decision to sell Opel to Magna had been controversial because of the German government 's offer of the 4.5 bn euros in loans .
The European Commission warned last month that Berlin 's offer of this aid may breach European competition rules , although the German government immediately denied any wrongdoing .
But on Tuesday the US giant said it had now decided not to sell the business because of " an improving business environment for GM over the past few months " , and would now be seeking aid for Opel from all the European states where it has operations , including Germany .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The BBC's Berlin correspondent Steve Rosenberg said the decision was a " huge embarrassment " for Germany 's recently re-elected Chancellor Angela Merkel .
" Her government had lobbied hard in support of the Canadian car parts supplier .
The governor of the state of Hesse , where Opel has its headquarters , also said he was ' shocked and angry ' . "
Russian Prime Minister Vladmir Putin also waded into the row , saying he was " surprised " by the decision .
State - owned Sberbank , the country 's largest lender , was to have backed the Magna takeover .
" According to our information the Magna - Sberbank consortium is intending to carry out discussions with General Motors very soon and carry out a deep legal analysis of the situation , " Mr Putin 's spokesman added .
' We know them '
Mr Woodley told the BBC that GM 's news was an " incredible turnaround " .
Workers at this Opel factory in Eisenach , Germany may go on strike " The decision is in my view a fantastic decision and the right decision for General Motors themselves , " he said .
" There 's no logic in breaking up the company .
I believe it is the right decision in spite of a good deal that we 'd struck with Magna . "
However , some workers arriving this morning at Ellesmere Port , where they make the Astra model , were less than enthusiastic about the latest twist in the saga over GM's European operations .
" Hopefully it 's good news but there are no guarantees , " one employee told the BBC .
" Whoever was going to own us , there 's still going to be cutbacks . "
Business Secretary Lord Mandelson he was keen for " very early discussions " with GM over how their plans affect its British workers .
" I have always said that if the right long - term sustainable solution is identified , then the government would be willing to support this , " Lord Mandelson said .
Unite , the main union at Vauxhall , last month reached a deal with Magna to limit job cuts at the two factories to just 600 people , and all through voluntary redundancy .
John Featherstone , Unite 's convenor at Ellesmere Port , said he believed there would still be some restructuring in the UK , " but I am pleased we will be dealing with GM because we know them and we understand their culture - and they know us " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Updated for new readers - 24th November 2009
Issue of a high repair bill for a low speed front impact on a GT - R
I consider myself a fairly competent driver , I can drive reasonably quickly on a circuit , and read the road ahead enough to make good progress on the public highway .
But I had an accident , and it was all my own doing .
I had a low speed crash into the back of a white van , it was a badly surfaced road , we were stopped , pulled away .... and the person infront of the van stopped for no reason , causing the van to tap the tow bar of the car infront and me in sympathy to do the same to the van .
Ok enough of the excuses , I am posting here to make sure noone makes the same mistake I did .
I thought long and hard about posting this , but i think it is important that other GTR owners see this so they are n't stung by a careless accident and the GTR Tax !
I bumped into tho the white vans tow bar causing this small crack in my bumper ...
Unfortunately it also set off the Pedestrain Saftey system , where the bonnet pops up .... Which is a one use system .... You need to replace the bumper , rams , bonnet hinges .... and of course the ECUWhen the accident happened i called my dealer and asked them to collect the car and told them i would just pay for it without putting it through my insurance .
Then i found out the total cost of the repairs .
Eleven Thousand Pounds .
I 'm pleased to report the car has been repaired perfectly , even if it took 5 weeks !
But I fear GTR insurance wo n't be so cheap next year for any of us .
Sorry about that !
But do n't do what I did .
And if you hit a pedestrain , make sure you are reveresing This issue has been raised with Nissan UK and following their investigations they have asked me to post the following statement :
" As a company we cannot comment in any detail on an individual customer case .
This is a private matter and we are currently in contact with the customer , his insurance company and the dealer to help resolve this particular situation .
What we can confirm is that Nissan has a policy of continuous improvement , and as such is constantly reviewing parts prices , suppliers , and customers ’ feedback .
In this instance , thanks to the comments received , we have discovered a computing error regarding the price of the actuators and this has now been rectified .
Nissan apologises for any inconvenience this may have caused and if there should be any customers who have purchased such components at the incorrect price they will be fully reimbursed with the difference .
However , based on the level of product demand we believe this was the first time such an instance has occurred .
The GT- R has been designed to meet the latest legal and safety standards for all new cars .
This innovative pop up bonnet system is required as there is insufficient clearance between the bonnet and the top of the engine to comply with the European directive 70 / 156 / EEC as amended by 2003 / 102/ EC for pedestrian safety .
For your information the bonnet system only operates if the bumper is hit in a certain way and under a series of strict parameters .
Not every time you bump the bumper , or if the vehicle is stationary .
" This information will also be posted into the first post of this thread , so anyone reading it will see it .
I think we should recognise and appreciate how Nissan have fully investigated this now , stated the position and reasons for both errors in pricing and also the existence for these pieces .
They have also ( as has been posted by the owner ) , spoken to the owner personally about this and provided a nice gesture in the form of a jacket .
As far as Nissan and I are concerned this is the end of the issue .
Guy
Accueil > Arts / Culture >
Culture et Arts :
La critique , l ’information et les sorties culturelles .
>
2 - LA VIE LITTERAIRE . >
Albert Camus , le cinquantenaire de sa mort dans l’air des identités ... (...)
Albert Camus est même un être hors du commun du 20ème siècle , car encore le plus jeune nobélisé en littérature .
L’auteur franco - algérien de son vivant a été peu aimé et souvent critiqué avec une férocité inégalée de tous ses siens .
La raison d’être accablé par ces égards négatifs , suscités des 2 rives , est la question algérienne .
Partagé entre ses 2 parties , son existence comme son Å“ uvre en sont parcourues de leurs moult ferveurs .
Albert Camus est l’auteur franco - algérien qui de son vivant a été peu aimé , et souvent critiqué avec une férocité inégalée de tous ses siens .
La raison d’être accablé par ces égards négatifs , suscités des 2 rives , est la question algérienne .
Il était partagé entre ses 2 patries , son existence comme son œuvre en sont parcourues de leurs moult ferveurs .
Quand il a été très souvent sollicité pour ses appréhensions et points de vue à propos du tumulte de décolonisation , il s’est soumis à l’exigence légaliste , une rigueur peu appérciée .
Tous , algériens et français entièrement emportés par le tourment , le requéraient .
Les uns et les autres , de leurs susceptibilités et toute passion montrée , sont allés lui demander de se définir .
Ce qui donne encore matière à revisiter son cas encore , en l’occasion du cinquantenaire de sa mort ...
Le temps a changé inexorablement le contexte !
Alors qu’en est-il ?
Iconoclaste , rigoureux , indépendant et subversif pour ne citer que le visible de son opinion , il est un être hors du commun du 20ème siècle , car en ce nouveau millénaire , il es encore le plus jeune nobélisé en littérature .
Traversant son époque alors que sa terre natale était secouée par la révolte des algériens pour leur liberté du joug colonial , il est resté irréversible et follement attaché à refouler les violences .
Mouloud Feraoun défendant l’algérien Albert Camus
Soutenu par Sartre et bien sûr une large idol trie d’admirateurs quand il a débarqué d’Alger .
Ses lecteurs , amis et cercles littéraires ainsi que par les algériens mobilisés dans leur combat de couverture de la souveraineté nationale , il était plus plongé dans la création .
A son arrivée en métropole , l’auteur de « La Peste » portait sa conviction vigile et immanquablement juste , au regard des malédictions brutales encore de nos jours …
Perfectionniste toujours inspiré , ses réseaux scandèrent Cheh !
« Bien fait » quand , en 1957 à l ’ ge de 44 ans , il eut la consécration prestigieuse .
Puis critiqué par ses mêmes deux consanguinités à propos de ce que l’histoire produisait de l’actualité , sous les yeux de tous .
Camus était l’homme de paix , un humaniste imprégné de " nihillisme " , qui n’a pas son mot quand les armes du FLN et le napalm colonialiste ne laissaient aucune place à d’autres alternatives .
En 1952 il n’est plus en bon terme avec Jean - Paul Sartre .
Surtout quand Les Temps modernes , publia l’article de Jeanson qui reproche à Camus d’être « délibérément statique » pour la révolte des algériens .
Respecté comme un philosophe , et peu enclin à négocier ses principes qui le font redouter tel un lion roi d’une savane , mais plus par le labeur que l’oisiveté , il était jaloux de sa posture , intransigeant , impénétrable et imperturbable .
Il serait donc , de son vivant , de ces machiavéliques à disputer infiniment et jusqu ’au dernier souffle ses choix profonds .
Qui sans être ressassées se dessinent comme la vérité .
" L’entêtement de l’escargot " dit un éminent auteur algérien !
Son influence dans le siècle de Marx , le 20ème , est présente et peu anodine .
Albert Camus était imprégné de Nietzsche , une présence contemporaine , palpable dans ses gestes et exprimée dans son œuvre .
Cette dernière galvanise l’absurde en le référant au mythe , une émulsion explosive pour la création .
Une certaine austérité d’humble , peu citée dans son parcours pour quelqu ’un qui disait de son enfance « j’avais honte de ma pauvreté » , se dégage de son être acharnée au combat juste , gagner sa vie d’abord et agir sur la conscience collective .
Ravi à la vie , le 4 janvier 1960 , à l’orée de sa réussite , par un accident de voiture alors qu’il avait prévu de prendre le train ( selon la dernière biographie parue ) , il évoque l’homme dur et sans concessions dans ses élans effrénés .
Son œuvre porte encore de nos jours tous les signes d’un homme accompli et lié à la vie , car elle associe à bien l’évaluer ses plusieurs carrières et parcours prolifiques de dramaturge , journaliste , écrivain et homme d’opinion rayonnant ( le penseur pour son temps ) .
Et elle rayonne comme un phare en cette époque , où les débats houleux et les fracas mortels , de l’identité sont dans les menus des 2 pays qui jalonnent les pulsions d’un être qui résistait au déchirement selon les nobles notions de la citoyenneté .
L’accident
Israeli soldiers were portrayed as murderers , Israel says
Israel 's foreign minister has ordered Turkey 's ambassador to be summoned over a Turkish TV series that portrays Israeli soldiers killing children .
Avigdor Lieberman said the programme , whose first episode was broadcast on Tuesday , incited hatred against Israel .
In one clip screened on Israeli news channels , an Israeli soldier takes aim at a smiling young girl and kills her .
The complaint is the latest to strain the relationship between Turkey and Israel .
Strategic ties
In a statement , Mr Lieberman said the series , which " presents Israeli soldiers as the murderers of innocent children , would not be appropriate for broadcast even in an enemy country and certainly not in a state which maintains diplomatic relations with Israel " .
Another clip from the series - which tells the story of a Palestinian family - reportedly shows a bullet fired by an Israeli soldier travelling in slow motion towards a Palestinian child .
The programme was broadcast on Turkey 's TRT One Channel .
Turkey is one of the few Muslim countries to have relations with Israel , but these have suffered since Israel 's offensive in Gaza in January .
Last week , Ankara cancelled an international military exercise in which Israeli pilots were due to participate .
Israel 's Defence Minister Ehud Barak sought to play down the rift , stressing that the two states shared " longstanding , important and strategic " ties .
Scientists have turned human stem cells into early - stage sperm and eggs in research that promises to give doctors an unprecedented insight into the causes of infertility .
The work will allow researchers to study human reproductive cells from the moment they are created in embryos through to fully - mature sperm and eggs .
Understanding the details of how sperm and egg cells grow will help scientists develop treatments for people who are left infertile when the process goes wrong .
The research may also lead to treatments that can correct growth defects before a child is born .
Genetic glitches that happen early on in the growth of sperm and eggs are a major cause of infertility in men and women .
The process has been practically impossible to study until now though , because the sex cells form early on , before an embryo is two weeks old .
" This achievement opens a new window into what was only recently a hidden stage of human development , " said Susan Shurin at the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development , which part funded the research .
A team led by Renee Reijo Pera at Stanford University in California developed a technique that turned human embryonic stem cells green when they started growing into sperm and eggs .
After isolating the reproductive cells , the scientists worked out which genes made them grow properly by switching different genes on and off .
Writing in the journal Nature , the scientists describe how that one gene , called DAZL , is involved in the formation of sex cells from the start .
Two related genes are switched on later to steer the cells to full maturity .
The main significance of the work is not to attempt to generate gametes for couples who do not produce them naturally .
Rather , the work describes a system in which various aspects of germ cell development can be studied in a dish .
In the current study , they have gained insight into the function of three genes in which they specialise . "
Darren Griffin , a geneticist at the University of Kent , said the work was important because it gave researchers a way to study human sperm and egg development in a dish , instead of having to rely on tissues taken from animals or " removing bits of people 's gonads " .
" In future , a range of genetic and environmental factors could be studied , including the effects of pollutants on our fertility .
Only through understanding such factors at a basic scientific level can we hope to develop novel diagnoses and therapies .
The potential is enormous , " he said .
Allan Pacey , an andrologist at Sheffield University , said : " Ultimately this may help us find a cure for male infertility .
Not necessarily by making sperm in the laboratory – I personally think that it unlikely – but by identifying new targets for drugs or genes that may stimulate sperm production to occur naturally .
This is a long way off , but it is a laudable dream .
0:36 Intro . [ Recording date : October 29 , 2009 . ]
Quote from book : Private ownership usually creates wealth , but too much ownership has the opposite effect .
It creates gridlock .
Gridlock is a free - market paradox , when too many people own too many pieces of one thing , cooperation breaks down , wealth disappears , and everybody loses .
Explain .
Gridlock - - too many owners -- riff on familiar concept of tragedy of the commons .
In a tragedy of the commons , too few owners , resulting in overuse of the resource .
Too few owners in the ocean and people over - fish it ; too few owners of the air , and people pollute it .
Solution to tragedy of the commons is to privatize - - single decision - maker who invests in the lake so there are more fish tomorrow .
But privatization can overshoot .
Instead of too few owners and a tragedy of the commons , we can have too many owners , and a tragedy of the anticommons .
Instead of a resource being wasted in the economic sense through overuse , the resource can be equally wasted through underuse in an anti-commons .
Too many owners creates potential of their blocking each other .
Let 's start with the commons : intuition and parallels and contradictions .
Taping just a few weeks after Elinor Ostrom won the Nobel Prize ; work talked about in book .
What are some of the ways that societies deal with common property to avoid the tragedy ?
Privatization not the only one .
Historically , when people thought about the commons they often thought about what is now called more precisely " open access " -- that absolutely anyone can use a resource .
Hard to have conservation outcomes in an open - access regime .
What privatization does is align individual incentives with the resource .
Historically two other solutions noted for the tragedy of the commons .
One : state control .
Command and control , regulation : state tells you how much you can do .
Privatization often seen as a solution to over - regulation in a commons .
Ostrom , basis for Nobel Prize : noticing the conditions under which commons property can succeed outside of state control on the one hand and privatization on the other .
Circumstances that groups can manage resources effectively even though they are commons to the insiders and private to the outsiders .
Ostrom noticed aspects like repeat play -- having relationships that go across the resource and other resources ; having a small number of people ; sharing the same church .
She 's identified the circumstances in which commons resources can perform economically at a very high level .
4:54 In those situations , norms or informal rules emerge through the cooperation of those players ; and they are enforced not by the state but by repeat play or connections between people that would create affection or some sort of altruistic play between them .
Altruistic on the one hand , but also wealth - maximizing on the other .
Do n't need to look to the leviathan or complete atomization -- intermediate solution .
Altruism : if I personally benefit and impose costs on the rest of the group , if I care about the rest of the group that tendency will be mitigated somewhat .
What Ostrom showed was this whole range of possibilities between altruism and wealth - maximization between what has long been thought to be the entire spectrum of ownership .
In the middle are some interesting institutions .
Anticommons idea and what gridlock book suggests is that there is an entire half of property relations and a lot of economic problems on the other side of private property .
Commons - to - private is only half the spectrum ; the other half spans from private to anti-commons ownership .
So , in the anti-commons - - how would that work ?
The commons is familiar .
" Overuse " has been a word in English for 400 years .
The problem of underuse -- of resources being destroyed by being wasted by not being deployed is almost completely invisible .
" Underuse " only became a word in English - - in Scrabble - - three or four years ago .
One - way ratchet .
Many examples where the real economic problem is that there are multiple owners competing with each other , resource left economically idle .
What is the most underused natural resource in America ?
Airwaves .
Artifact of the way we define property rights in broadcast spectrum .
We have thousands of owners with non-transferable limited use ; virtually impossible to assemble national high - speed wireless network .
Because so many fragmented owners , United States has fallen out of the top ten , almost out of the top twenty .
Missing wireless and entertainment services that are available in the rest of the world .
Tom Hazlett : tragedy of the telecommons , cost the U.S. economy trillions of dollars .
9:38 Hard to take advantage of the potential of the system because of what we would call transactions costs -- hard to negotiate with so many owners .
One way to understand a tragedy of the anticommons , like a tragedy of the commons , is that these are both different versions of transactions costs failures .
In the anticommons , in theory you could purchase all those rights and have control .
In open - access story , harder to do .
Everyone could agree not to fish .
Perfectly symmetrical .
Buchanan and Yoon paper : mathematical symmetry .
Wireless life pleasant : what would a visitor from overseas notice that is missing ?
Possibility for a lot more remote medical work , easy and powerful video conferencing ; real time multimedia ; downloads watching TV in real time on cell phone ; shopping beaming advertising and coupons to phone .
Nextel network .
Hard to know you are missing something if you only look within the United States .
Podcast with Hazlett .
What is the policy solution that would unlock those resources and get rid of the gridlock ?
First step is to notice that there is an economic loss from the misspecification of property rights .
How we define property rights is more powerful than people realize .
We do n't know to be upset with the allocation of spectrum licenses because we do n't know what we are missing .
FCC policy .
What can they do ?
Challenge is how to assemble resources in a low - transactions cost way .
Wider array of uses and easier transferability .
Make telecom licenses look more like ordinary property .
Not so much fragmentation and number of owners as it is the nontransferability and restrictions on use .
14:23 Use of patents : medicine and music .
Hidden example of gridlock .
A lot of cutting edge treatments , gene therapy , require intervention across a whole range of genes , and each of those genes is separately patented .
Diagnostic tool for cancer .
Imagine walking into an auditorium and it's filled with all the owners of all the relevant patents .
Unless you can get agreement from everyone in the room , the tool or therapy does n't work .
Each of those is usually some small biotech startup and each is usually very committed to the value of their individual patent and each demand the corresponding price .
Hold - up problem ; complementary input -- need all the sections of train track to get from here to there , and if you miss any one of them you get nothing .
Separate ownership is sub-optimal .
In the drug context , as drug development has moved from a single patent , single molecule , innovation is increasingly breaking down .
In the last year , 40,000 gene patents granted ; steady increase in drug R&D investment .
Number of drugs that treat disease has been going steadily down .
Drug discovery gap , due to many problems such as FDA approval ; but an important part is patent gridlock .
Drugs that could and should exist that are n't being created .
Patent system is suppose to spur innovation ; paradoxically , too many patents can mean fewer life - saving innovations .
Golden rice : tension between over and under patenting .
If you want to have some high tech innovation in the world of plants , it use to be the case that you hybridized traits you wanted .
Produced the green revolution .
Inputs used to all be in the public domain , just like drug discovery .
More and more those inputs are being separately patented .
Freedom to create new plant products is more and more hedged in by the patents that you confront .
Scientists Potrykus and Beyer : child blindness stems from Vitamin A deficiency around the world .
Simple way to solve that would be to have the Vitamin A produced by the ordinary rice that is eaten .
Figured out a way to do this , but in the process of engineering that new golden rice , they discovered that it infringed on roughly 70 U.S. patents .
Rice is ready to go and could save millions of lives , but could n't bring it to market because to do so they would have to negotiate dozens of separate patents .
Already had this valuable product in hand ; were able to shame the patent owners to create a humanitarian license .
But for similar examples are ones we do n't even hear about .
Anger that these property rights were preventing him from getting the product to market , but realized that these patents had created the techniques that allowed him ultimately to create his product .
Tension there .
Fundamental policy question .
Some examples in book result of accidents ; some result of policy decisions made in the past or private decisions where it's hard to anticipate problems would come down the road .
Is it a mistake to allow people to patent a particular gene ?
Is suggestion that we should have less ?
zero ?
What about products that are very expensive to bring to market because of the cost of assembling property rights ?
Want to extend the debate to include the possibility of hidden cost .
Patents are a good thing .
If it were n't for patents , there would n't be the biotech revolution .
Massive inflow of money into biotech research arises because it 's possible to get production .
What gridlock discussion suggests is that against that general backdrop of patents being a good thing , we need to think about what are the potential costs .
Privatization is n't the endpoint -- it 's an optimum between overuse and underuse , between commons and anticommons .
What we are aiming for is not the most amount of property rights , but the best design for property rights .
A lot of implications for that insight for patent law .
Past week conference on the gridlock economy , podcast online .
Particularly salient for semiconductors and telecomm , banking , internet shopping -- require assembly of thousands of patents .
Several thousand patents involved in a cell phone ; no way to do online banking without dealing with ten thousand patents .
Impossible to discover the patents you need , and impossible to know whether the claims cover your product or not .
Cannot design high tech product that is n't infringing on hundreds of patents .
Products that are most successful are subject to hold up by patent owners who can claim willful infringement even if you did n't even know their patent was involved .
25:00 Anticipating that legal cost , a lot of people are uninterested in innovation .
Tragedy of anticommons .
With a tragedy of the commons , very visible -- you can see the pollution in the air or that you are not catching the same number of fish in the ocean .
Tragedy of the anticommons tends to be invisible .
It 's the drugs that are n't invented , cellphones that do n't come to market .
Invisible tragedy .
Michele Boldrin podcast : getting rid of patents .
Legal scholars and economists on how to treat intellectual property relative to past treatment .
Where are we going ?
We should be paying more attention to the gridlock features of patents .
Mike Meurer , Jim Bessen : Patent Failure .
Tried to measure overall effect of patents on economic growth .
Leaving aside pharmaceuticals and chemicals , where patents seem to be wealth - producing , the net is that patents are wealth - destroying .
Googles of the world would rather live in a world where property is not protected through patents but through other means .
Encouraging if true : patent environment is a sort of commons ; if all players think we are degrading it then we will probably move toward a different environment down the road .
Talk to staffers on the Hill : how do we get patent reform ?
Bill aimed at patent gridlock ; Congress wo n't go forward without bipartisan agreement , where bipartisan is not Democrat and Republican but pharmaceuticals and Information Technology ( IT ) .
True of any common solution -- existing set of owners , have to find a way to compensate them if you need their support for a transition .
Patent law written in 1952 to support a style of innovation , not the way America innovates any more .
Compromise reached fifty years ago .
Patent law is not tuned to the new style of innovation .
30:52 Music and documentaries : mashup or bundling of the nature of innovation .
In the world of patent , one - patent , one - product .
In the world of artistic expression -- music or film or TV - - today much less trying to put together separate pieces .
Eyes on the Prize , documentary on Dr. Martin Luther King put together 20 years ago , Henry Hampton .
Hampton pulled video clips from 80 archives ; had 300 photos ; about 120 fonts ; won an Emmy , but disappeared .
Could n't be burned on a DVD , could n't be shown on TV , because he did n't control all those small pieces of copyrights he needed .
Most important film account of the American civil rights movement could n't be seen .
No central registry of copyright owners ; even if you can identify them , have to bargain with each of them ; can't assemble all the licenses .
Clearing rights in the copyright world : half - Sherlock Holmes , half - Monty Hall .
Many products do n't come to market because even a second can become very costly .
Nature of rap music has changed because of this gridlock ; if you are a fan of old hip hop , Chuck D , Public Enemy , used to rap over a collage of sound .
Rappers today do n't do that -- instead use single sample because licensing 300 is impossible .
Whole style of expression is illegal .
Also true for film and television .
Would think there would be an exemption for fair use ; but publishers and music companies are uneasy about testing that limit .
In Russ 's last book , wanted to use a quote of about 3 words from a movie ; publisher , Princeton U. Press , insisted on permission ; negotiation with multiple sources .
Copyright in American law is never an absolute right .
Want to give authors some protection in order to promote the writing of books .
Do n't want to give too much or in cases where it will reduce speech .
Exemptions where permission is n't required -- fair use , built into copyright laws going back to the 1700s .
Previously unnoticed virtue of the fair use exemption is that it becomes a place where you can solve gridlock .
Wider that exception is , the easier to assemble a collage of small snippets .
University presses often on the wrong side of this debate , in favor of strong copyright and limited fair use .
Usually professors want the widest dissemination of their work ; often willing to give it away for free .
Payment to faculty is more in prestige and recognition .
Fair use policies are not decided by faculty , but by universities ' general counsel office ; worried about potential costs of being sued .
Reasonable use -- what people are actually doing .
Trying to brush you back from the plate , like baseball ; changes the strike zone .
Only way to get right to use that 35 words is to assert it .
The person who wrote those 35 words would n't mind seeing those words in the book .
K - Pax , Kevin Spacey movie -- not hurting their sales .
Got the rights , easy once right person to talk to was found ; relatively cheap .
Eye on the Prize - - also got the rights .
Part of the reason in both cases that that happened is that it had a little of the flavor of the golden rice story -- can cajole people when the cause is noble and desirable .
Want to design a property rights system that creates a lot of wealth .
Gridlock book written at non-technical level , lots of photos - - each had to be licensed .
Deed to a square inch of land in Alaska from Quaker Oats cereal in boxes in the late 1950s .
What if you needed to assemble that land for some purpose ?
Picture took weeks to track down ; worked out a quitclaim agreement .
University press books look so boring because most people do n't have the patience and curiosity to do all these negotiations .
42:25 One of the costs of this is n't just the back and forth of negotiation -- long time listeners , right to use the opening music for EconTalk was given .
First choice was the opening bars of If I Had a Million Dollars , by Bare Naked Ladies ; had a lot of trouble trying to get the publisher to agree ; wanted a very high price .
Would like to think that the men of Bare Naked Ladies would be proud to give us the rights .
But they do n't control those rights .
World Copyright Summit .
Piracy a big concern .
Biggest concern is not piracy any more but gridlock .
So difficult to assemble the rights people need that people end up either not using them or being pirates .
Piracy is an artifact of breaking through gridlock .
Fragmented rights .
No central registry : would n't that help ?
There is no central clearing house .
Would that be an enterprise worth pushing ?
Costs and who bears them ?
We have a registry for land ; can pretty much figure out who controls land .
Cars -- we have the DMV .
For copyright , have an enormous number of works and an enormous number of rights in them , which fragments quickly over time as the original creator dies .
In music context -- lyrics , performer , all different kinds of rights which fragment .
Google Books trying to address this problem of fragmented ownership by scanning all the world 's books , central pile , jump start a registry of books .
Right now they have digitized many works that are in the public domain .
Lots of digitized versions of books written before 1923 .
There are books that are in copyright and in print : publishers control them , can negotiate .
But there are roughly 20 million books that are under copyright but not in print .
Ca n't go to publisher and buy them .
Bulk of knowledge from 20th century : unless you live near a library no way to access them or search it easily .
Google is scanning those books and trying to make them available at the word level - - can search by word ; if you want to download it , you pay a fee , which goes to the central registry .
How can Google do that if they do n't own the rights to the books ?
Suit between authors ' guild and Google , which claims what they are doing is fair use .
Since they are out of print , the owners are n't making money off them anyway .
Can discover it , quote it .
Has n't been settled .
Negotiated settlement attracted opposition over the last few months ; other countries have objected , anti-trust ; settlement pending .
Trying to solve a basic gridlock problem .
Class action mechanism , aggregates a series of claims no one of which is worth pursuing individually but collectively generates a lot of value .
French goalscorer admitted his wrongdoing after game .
Aston Villa defender Richard Dunne has revealed that France striker Thierry Henry admitted to him that he had cheated after last night 's controversial World Cup qualifying play - off in Paris .
The Republic of Ireland lost the tie 2 - 1 on aggregate after Henry clearly handled the ball in the run up to the extra- time goal from William Gallas .
Television footage later showed a somewhat embarrassed Henry sitting on the pitch next to Dunne after the final whistle .
He appeared to say the words , " I cheated .
" Dunne later confirmed that was the case .
" He told us we deserved to win .
How is that supposed to make me feel ?
It makes me feel worse , " the Irishman told " He 's admitted he cheated .
We should have won .
He just said , ' That 's it ' .
He just said he handled it , he did n't mean it .
" Looking at it , it 's quite obvious he did mean it .
It 's there for everyone to see and they 're not going to change it now .
So what can we do ?
They 're going to the World Cup and we 're not .
That 's it .
" The Villa center - back also expressed a certain amount of cynicism about how FIFA had organized the play - offs . " FIFA will probably be happy .
Yet again the big decisions have gone for the bigger team , " he said , according to
" There has to be a case for matches of this importance for a fourth official to look at replays and get the calls right .
" We were cheated tonight . "
American workers lose their jobs when carburetors they once made are imported instead .
The federal data notices the decline in employment but fails to revalue the carburetors or even pinpoint that they are foreign - made .
Because it seems as if $ 100 carburetors are being produced but fewer workers are needed to do so , productivity falsely rises — in the national statistics .
“ We do n’t have the data collection structure to capture what is happening in a real time way , or what is being traded and how it is affecting workers , ” said Susan Houseman , a senior economist at the W.E. Upjohn Institute for Employment Research in Kalamazoo , Mich. , who has done pioneering research in the field .
“ We have no idea how to measure the occupations being offshored or what is being inshored . ”
The statistical distortions can be significant .
At worst , the gross domestic product would have risen at only a 3.3 percent annual rate in the third quarter instead of the 3.5 percent actually reported , according to some experts at the conference .
The same gap applies to productivity .
And the spread is growing as imports do .
That may help to explain why the recovery from the 2001 recession was a jobless one for many months and why the recovery from this recession is likely to generate few jobs for many months .
In addition , more detailed import data would help to explain wage inequality , by linking some low wages more accurately to particular industries exposed to import competition .
On another front , many argue that labor productivity is rising faster than the pay of workers who made the greater productivity possible .
That argument would be watered down if more accurate data showed that productivity had been overstated .
“ What we are measuring as productivity gains may in fact be changes in trade , ” said William Alterman , assistant commissioner for international prices at the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
The federal agencies that compile the nation ’s statistics increasingly acknowledge that they lack the detailed data needed to calculate the impact of imported goods and services as imports rise from an insignificant 5 percent of all economic activity 35 years ago to more than 12 percent today , not counting petroleum .
As a result , many imports are valued as if they were made in the United States and therefore higher in price than their imported counterparts .
The problem is particularly acute in manufacturing .
Imported components constitute an ever greater share of the computers , autos , appliances and other finished merchandise that roll off assembly lines in the United States — and an ever greater share of all of the nation ’s imports .
But the statistical system is not yet up to the task of sorting out which components are made here , which are made overseas and the resulting impact on employment .
As Lori G. Kletzer , an economist at the University of California , Santa Cruz , put it , “ We do n’t know what jobs have been offshored . ”
The same holds for services .
An accounting firm in New York with 50 employees outsources some of its functions to less expensive accountants in India : the paperwork on an income tax return , for example .
That work comes back to New York by computer transmission and is billed at New York rates , as if it were value added in this country .
Grappling with these blind spots , nearly all of the 80 experts at the conference , which was sponsored by the Upjohn Institute and the National Academy of Public Administration , agreed that the statistics now published tend to overstate the strength of the economy .
That view was shared by those who attended from the Bureau of Economic Analysis , the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Federal Reserve , all big players in measuring economic performance .
The stated goal , among those at the conference , is to repair the statistics , but that requires several years , lots of money ( from Congress ) to gather more information about what companies are doing , and whole new procedures for measuring imports .
Much of the conference was devoted to an analysis of the gap between existing data and reality , and ways to close that gap .
Imports and exports are recorded , of course , as they enter and leave the country .
The American trade deficit speaks volumes .
But when it comes to who gets what import — particularly which manufacturer gets what component or what metal or what machine — these details are not gathered .
Instead , the federal agencies use an import price index , much of it imputed from small samples , that fails to capture just when an auto company switches from a domestically made carburetor to a less expensive Chinese model , and whether that shift is in all of the company ’s plants or just those in Michigan .
“ We ca n’t pick up the price shift , ” Mr. Alterman said .
“ We are not designed to do that . ”
First , repeat after me .
" This is a torch and THIS is a lighter ... "
" This is a torch and THIS is a lighter ... "
" This is a torch and THIS is a lighter ... "
Now ... the secret to creme brulee is cold " creme " and hot " brulee . "
The creme part of this delicious dessert is a custard made from egg yolks , sugar and cream .
You cook it slowly so that it does not curdle or separate .
Then you have to chill it .
Preferably overnight .
Then , just before serving , you top it with sugar and torch the top to caramelize the sugar .
A perfect creme brulee goes to the table hot on the top from the torch , but cold underneath .
A very good friend of ours , who happens to be a caterer , had a party the other night for 60 guests .
The dessert was creme brulee .
Realizing , the day of the event , that he could not find his torch , he asked if we had one he could borrow .
We had borrowed a bunch of supplies from them the week before , including some portable butane burners , and they were coming over anyway to pick them up .
I found our torch and put it aside for them .
It was blue , very much like the one in the photo , only a bit smaller .
That afternoon , we were both busy .
I was out of the shop running an errand , and he was prepping for dinner .
He sent one of his servers to pick up his supplies and the torch .
One of my employees helped load the truck .
Long story made short , the serve took a " blue " lighter instead of the blue torch .
When I returned from my errands , I noticed the torch was still on the counter and called the caterer .
Voice mail .
Left a message that I would be happy to drop it off if they called and let me know where the event was .
Never got a call back .
When the server returned , the caterer asked if he had the blue torch .
The server said yes .
And that was that .
Until it was time to torch the cremes for dessert .
He asked for the torch and was handed the lighter .
I wo n't repeat what happened next .
" This is a torch and THIS is a lighter ... "
Even if the lighter is blue .
Recipe for Creme Brulee
2 cups heavy cream
5 large egg yolks
1/2 cup sugar
1 vanilla bean
A few days after the AFL - CIO convention wrapped up in Pittsburgh last month , I had lunch with Mike Stout , a rank - and - file leader of the first order , a man who back in the 1980s was at the front of the United Steelworkers fight against US Steel ’s mass shutdowns in Pennsylvania .
We were in Homestead , at a place called Mitchell ’s Fish Market , which occupies the exact spot where all those years ago once sat the management office of the gargantuan Homestead steel works .
The restaurant is about midway in a miles - long stretch that once held one of the greatest steel - producing operations in the country , the place that made the structural steel for the Empire State Building and the World Trade Center , the Verazano Narrows Bridge and the Golden Gate , and that was seized by FDR in 1942 to produce armor plating for World War II .
Mike recalled the phone banking and other political apparatuses that labor set up in Pennsylvania ’s Allegheny County for last year ’s election .
It was very elaborate , very well funded and organized .
It is what labor does extremely well .
Obama probably won Pennsylvania and Ohio because of that organization .
There are a lot of old , white union people in both states , and as the now president of the AFL - CIO Rich Trumka said from the podium , old white labor people supported Obama by more than 70 percent , as opposed to old white non-labor people , who supported McCain by almost the same margin .
You would think , Mike Stout said , that all that organization and proven expertise could be leveraged for favorable policy on key issues , yet today even progressive Democrats have complained to him and other supporters of single - payer healthcare legislation that they wished labor would organize something besides letter - writing campaigns and phone-ins to counteract the army of industry lobbyists who pound the halls of Congress every single day .
At the AFL - CIO convention there were long hushed moments when all the delegates were busy phoning their representatives , calling or texting Congress to push for labor law reform , to push for healthcare reform .
There were no appeals from the stage to take to the streets or even to clog congressional halls with bodies of workers .
There were no demands or even apparent inclination to mobilize workers to march .
While the front page of the local papers carried pictures of tens of thousands of right - wingers massing in Washington , the proceedings in the hall were abstracted from any version of what the AFL used to call Street Heat .
“ I wish they ’d at least threaten to get militant , ” Mike Stout said .
“ At least they could say , if you do n’t do A , B and C you do n’t get this political operation , you do n’t get one cent ; you get opposition .
Organized labor still has a club , but if they do n’t use it soon they ’re going to be like the old - timers reminiscing about the old times in the back of a bar . ”
The hope of using a club , defined as making labor ’s case to the wider public , activating the membership and punishing Democrats for betrayal , is what delegate after delegate to the convention , from union presidents to rank - and - file leaders of small labor councils , told me they saw in the coronation of Trumka .
It became almost a prayer : Trumka ’s very presence and style will animate the unions ; his eagerness to be seen and heard might change the way Americans think about unions .
The pageant before Trumka ’s formal pronouncement as president was full of sentimentality and tears .
The great Pittston strike of 1989 - 90 , which took place during Trumka ’s tenure as president of the United Mine Workers , was given a passing mention , but overall , as Jon Flanders , an alternate delegate from Troy , said , the message was of “ the worker as iconic victim , and the great leader who will raise them up . ”
For all the expressed hope and Trumka ’s occasional sabre rattling , there is no sign yet that a Trumka - led AFL will be different from its predecessors , and without a heightened political energy and organization coming from the ranks , it ca n’t be different .
Despite all the money poured into elections — possibly as much as $ 350 million counting all of organized labor — unions do n’t have the stroke in Congress and the White House that money is supposed to buy .
People wonder why unions do n’t hold the Democrats ’ feet to the fire , but the belief that money must necessarily buy influence misses the harder point .
As Communication Workers of America President Larry Cohen put it , “ We have expectations that come from an earlier time .
I inherited a political culture based on a strong labor movement .
We do n’t have that .
What it means to win an election in Brazil , even with the huge problems they have there , is different for unions than it is for us here .
Brazil is 30 percent organized . …
They have a different kind of alliance building .
So they get different results [ from a favorable election outcome ] than we ’re going to get here . ”
Yet even with dwindling percentages , American unions represent 16 million people .
That many people , if educated , animated , organized at the shop level , and unified in strategic alliances , have at least the possibility of presenting a formidable force .
Will they ?
The convention offered no sign that labor as a whole was interested in its membership ’s potential power outside elections .
Here amid the worst economic catastrophe since the Great Depression it was almost as if that wider crisis did n’t exist .
The Machinists were handing out T - shirts saying “ Jobs Now ” and had a room with close - up photographs of some of their 30,000 members who have lost their jobs in the past eight months .
A resolution approved by the convention reminded everyone that real unemployment , affecting some 31 million people , was the worst in U.S. history and a second stimulus of job creation , modeled on the WPA , is necessary .
Otherwise , you would not have known there is disaster spreading in the working class .
I did n’t hear any call at the convention for workers to rally , just as I did n’t hear any evocation of labor ’s fighting history to inspire a renewed fight today .
Mike Stout suggested that the convention might want to do a cultural program for delegates built around McCollester ’s terrific new book , The Point of Pittsburgh , about the way in which the working classes of Pittsburgh paved what became the future not just with their sweat but their intelligence and militancy .
That never happened .
People said there was no sign at the convention of what Trumka ’s program might be , other than belt - tightening at the financially strapped federation .
Meanwhile , the Steel Workers were the only union that marched before the G - 20 , demanding jobs and proclaiming that “ the unemployed , the homeless , the hungry and the poor must no longer be invisible and silent . ”
JoAnn Wypijewski writes for CounterPunch , The Nation and other publications .
Reprinted from counterpunch.org
NEW YORK – A U.S. appeals court upheld a federal ban on Internet gambling , but the ruling appeared to open the door for states to have more say on the matter .
In a decision handed down Tuesday , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit rejected a claim by New Jersey - incorporated Interactive Media Entertainment & Gaming Association that current laws aimed at cracking down on online gambling are too vague , unconstitutional and infringe on an individual 's right to privacy .
The decision comes amid a struggle between ...
Malwarebytes has recently uncovered evidence that a company called IOBit based in China is stealing and incorporating our proprietary database and intellectual property into their software .
We know this will sound hard to believe , because it was hard for us to believe at first too .
But after an indepth investigation , we became convinced it was true .
Here is how we know .
We came across a post on the IOBit forums ( cached version since they deleted the thread - well , now the cached version got deleted as well .
Glad I still have a screenshot , see below ) that showed IOBit Security 360 flagging a specific key generator for our Malwarebytes ’
Anti-Malware software using the exact naming scheme we use to flag such keygens : Don’t.Steal.Our.Software .A .
Dont.Steal .Our.Software .A , File , G: \Nothing Much\Anti-Spyware \Malwarebytes ’ Anti-Malware v1.39\Key_Generator.exe , 9-30501
Why would IOBit detect a keygen for our software and refer to it using our database name ?
We quickly became suspicious .
Either the forum post was fraudulent or IOBit was stealing our database .
So we dug further .
We accumulated more similar evidence for other detections , and we soon became convinced that this was not a mistake , it was not a coincidence , it was not an isolated event , and it persisted presently in their current database .
They are using both our database and our database format exactly .
The final confirmation of IOBit ’s theft occurred when we added fake definitions to our database for a fake rogue application we called Rogue .
AVCleanSweepPro .
This “ malware ” does not actually exist : we made it up .
We even manufactured fake files to match the fake definitions .
Within two weeks IOBit was detecting these fake files under almost exactly these fake names .
We can’t publicly show all the evidence we found , because it is still our intellectual property : proprietary information about our database internals .
But we do n’t want you to have to take our word for it either , so we found a way to show you an example illustrating an indisputable pattern of theft .
Consider the file , dummy.exe .
It is a harmless dummy executable that runs , displays a “ Hello World ” message box , and exits .
You can see from third - party scans on VirusTotal , that no other security vendor flags this executable as malicious or even suspicious .
We created this dummy executable , then manipulated it slightly so that it matches one of the signatures in our database .
We emphasize that it is still not malicious ! — the signature is perfectly benign , when not in the context of actual malware , as you can see from the VirusTotal results .
We scanned the file with our own Malwarebytes ’ Anti-Malware software and indeed it was flagged as “ Don’t.Steal .
Our.Software .A ” .
We scanned it with IOBit using their current build and database version and it was flagged as the same “ Don’t.Steal .
Our.Software .A ” .
We have included log file file and a screenshot of the detection .
You can verify by yourself using the dummy executable and their most recent database .
We have attached two other such dummy executables to this post , so you can see for yourself .
One of them , “ rogue.exe ” , matches our fake Rogue .
AVCleanSweepPro ( screenshot ) definition , the other “ fake.exe ” , matches our Adware .
NaviPromo definition ( screenshot ) .
VirusTotal results for “ fake.exe ” and “ rogue.exe ” so you can see they are benign .
You can see a screenshot of our detections here .
During the course of our investigation , we uncovered additional evidence that IOBit may have stolen the proprietary databases of other security vendors as well .
We are in the process of contacting these vendors .
Malwarebytes intends to pursue legal action against IOBit .
We demand IOBit immediately remove all traces of Malwarebytes ’ proprietary research and database from their software .
We also demand IOBit be delisted from Download.com due to Terms of Service violations .
This is criminal : it is theft , it is fraud , and we will not stand for it .
What can you do to help ?
If you feel the same way we do about this theft , we encourage you to send an email to hosting services such as Download.com and Majorgeeks.com requesting that all IOBit software be removed .
Copy / paste of the original Article here
Update to this post : IOBit ’s Denial of Theft Unconvincing
Related Posts by Categories
Sri Lankan government delays annual budget
By Saman Gunadasa
16 October 2009
In a cynical manoeuvre designed to hoodwink voters prior to elections next year , the Sri Lankan government has announced that it will not bring down its annual budget for 2010 next month as is usually the case , but will instead present a “ vote on account ” .
The “ vote on account ” is essentially a mini- budget to cover government spending for the first four months of 2010 .
The 2010 budget “ appropriation bill ” was expected to be presented to parliament by October 8 .
Deputy finance minister Ranjith Siyambalapitiya suddenly announced on October 6 that a mini- budget would be introduced because the general elections were scheduled to be held before next April .
Government ministers have since claimed the “ vote on account ” was a democratic measure to allow the next parliament to decide on the budget .
The government ’s decision is nothing of the sort .
Having been compelled to seek a $ US2.6 billion loan from the IMF to avoid a balance of payments crisis , President Mahinda Rajapakse , who is also finance minister , is seeking to delay the harsh cost - cutting measures that are contained in the terms of the loan until after the election .
Far from being a democratic measure , the manoeuvre is designed to prevent any serious debate in parliament and more broadly of the devastating economic consequences of the government ’s huge spending on its communal war against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) that ended in May .
Prior to elections , governments have generally brought down budgets padded out with handouts to win voters .
If a change of government occurs , the incoming administration can bring down a mini- budget to alter economic priorities .
The fact that the Rajapakse government has reversed the process is a sure sign that it has no money in the state coffers and is desperately seeking to delay implementing savage cutbacks until after the election is over .
Rajapakse ’s newfound concern for parliament is absurd .
His regime has over the past four years acted with contempt , not only for parliament , but for the constitution , the legal system and the courts .
By delaying the budget , the government is seeking to avoid debate over its financials .
Debate over the annual budget usually takes place over weeks .
Rajapakse plans to ram through a “ vote on account ” with little or no discussion .
It is not even clear what figures he will present to parliament , other than an overall expenditure total to be rubberstamped .
The government does , however , face IMF scrutiny .
A critical condition of the IMF loan was that the annual budget deficit to be cut from 7.7 percent in 2008 to 6 percent this year .
There is every indication , however , that the budget deficit this year has already blown out as a result of massive military spending .
A recent Citigroup report predicted that the deficit would hit 8.5 percent this year .
The IMF has yet to comment on the government ’s decision to delay an annual budget .
If it does insist that Rajapakse make deep cutbacks to spending prior to the election that could provoke a standoff with the government .
The US originally held up the IMF loan for months as a means of pressuring the government to accede to Washington ’s demands for a political settlement to the war .
In the meantime , the Sri Lankan government is attempting to paint the economy in rosy colours , boasting that foreign reserves have increased to $ US4.2 billion and pointing to the rise of the Colombo stock market .
However , a large portion of the increased reserves is the result of the influx of short - term speculative capital .
Foreign investors have been buying rupee - denominated treasury bills and bonds which have interest rates between 8 and 10 percent , far above current international market rates .
Ministers now brag that the Colombo Stock Market is one of the world ’s top performers with its Fitch Rating “ stable ” .
In fact , there has been no substantial new foreign investment in the country .
According to one analyst , “ Local investors have been the single cause for the [ stock ] market to go up .
Part of the reason is the end of the war but a big contribution is from the reduction in [ bank ] interest rates ” .
The IMF has warned Sri Lanka against depending on loans to build foreign reserves .
IMF mission chief Brian Aitken told the media that “ the central bank has been building a war chest of reserves lately through debt .
We would prefer if Sri Lanka built up reserves from exports and from remittances and not by borrowings ” .
The government , however , can do little to boost exports .
Amid the global recession , Sri Lanka ’s cumulative export earnings , in fact , declined by 18 percent to $ 3.1 billion during the first half of 2009 .
Any attempt to increase exports by devaluing the rupee would immediately raise import prices and the cost of living for working people who have already been hard hit by inflation .
Income from remittances is also falling .
Sri Lankan house maids in the Middle East now face intense competition from those from even poorer countries and are being forced to accept lower salaries .
More highly - skilled expatriates are also being forced to accept lower paid jobs or return home .
Private remittances fell from $ 1.04 billion in the first four months of 2008 to $ 1.03 billion during the same period this year .
Government revenue is also declining , despite the imposition of new taxes .
According to latest data from the Central Bank , government income fell during the first seven months of the year by 3.5 percent compared to the same period in 2008 .
At the same time , government expenditure has increased by 17 percent .
Taxes include a 3 percent Nation Building
Tax on almost all products and services ; “ cess ” duties on a range of imports ; an excise duty on cooking gas ; increased duties on tobacco and alcohol ; and exorbitant taxes on almost all the essential food items , fuel and other necessities .
The government is also threatening a 12 percent tax on all small businesses , who presently do not pay the value added tax .
Tax revenue has been affected by a dramatic decline in imports , which fell by 36.7 percent in the first half of 2009 .
The government has increasingly resorted to short - term local bank loans to cover its day - to - day expenses .
In January , it obtained a 38 - billion rupee ( $ 33 million ) overdraft from the Bank of Ceylon , as compared to a 2.8 billion - rupee overdraft for the whole of last year .
It also borrowed $ 875 million at 13 percent interest from the Templeton Fund USA .
Although the IMF had been relatively lenient to date , mission chief Aitken told the government earlier this month that “ there has to be cuts in other expenditure areas ” .
In particular , this will mean an end to subsidies to the state - owned Ceylon Electricity Board and Ceylon Petroleum Corporation by 2011 , leading to large hikes in electricity and fuel costs .
Far deeper cuts will be needed .
The government has already made clear that the military will not be cut back , but will be expanded .
Workers and the rural poor have already been impacted by the government ’s austerity measures .
Rajapakse has imposed a freeze on public sector wages and recruitment .
His regime has backed the demands of employers for wage restraint .
Public education , health and welfare have been starved of funds to pay for the government ’s war .
Under conditions where there is already widespread discontent and anger over falling living standards , the government ’s “ vote on account ” is aimed at delaying any further austerity measures until after the elections .
This post is a look at how clang implements blocks and how this implementation leads to a number of strange behaviors including local variables that end up global , Objective - C objects allocated on the stack instead of the heap , C variables that behave like C++ references , Objective - C objects in non-Objective - C languages , copy methods that do n't copy and retain methods that do n't retain .
What blocks are to the compiler
Blocks are addressable sections of code implemented inline ( inside other functions ) .
The inline - edness can be convenient but the real reason why blocks are different to regular functions and function pointers is that they can reference local variables from the scope of the function surrounding their implementation without the invoker of the block needing to know of the surrounding scope variables ' existence .
A block is implemented internally using two pieces :
compiled code in the . text segment of the executable a data structure that predominantly contains the values of the variables that the block uses from its surrounding scope
The compiled code lives in its own separate location and does not actually reside inside inside the code of its surrounding scope .
In implementation , the code is a function like any other .
If you run :
otool - tV MyCompiledExecutable
then you 'll see your blocks appearing immediately after their surrounding functions with names like ___surroundingFunction_block_invoke_21 .
So it is not the code which makes blocks special , it is the separate data structure .
It is this data structure that I will focus on for the remainder of this post .
The block data structure
Clang 's basic documentation on block implementations indicates that the data structure describing the block looks something like this :
struct Block_literal { void * isa ; int flags ; int reserved ; // is actually the retain count of heap allocated blocks void ( * invoke ) ( void * , ... ) ; // a pointer to the block 's compiled code struct Block_descriptor { unsigned long int reserved ; // always nil unsigned long int size ; // size of the entire Block_literal // functions used to copy and dispose of the block ( if needed ) void ( * copy_helper ) ( void * dst , void * src ) ; void ( * dispose_helper ) ( void * src ) ; } * descriptor ; //
Here the struct contains one entry for every surrounding scope variable .
//
For non-pointers , these entries are the actual const values of the variables .
//
For pointers , there are a range of possibilities ( __block pointer , // object pointer , weak pointer , ordinary pointer ) } ;
Of course , the reality is that this structure is never explicitly declared like this in clang .
Clang is a compiler — a code generator — and the format of this structure is generated programmatically from the CodeGenFunction : : BuildBlockLiteralTmp method .
Stack blocks and global blocks
Since the biggest difference between a function pointer and a block is the ability to use variables from the surrounding scope , it is interesting to look at what happens when a block does not reference anything in the surrounding scope .
Normally , the Block_literal data appears on the stack ( like a regular struct would in its surrounding function ) .
With no references to the surrounding scope , clang configures the Block_literal as a global block instead .
This causes the block to appear in a fixed global location instead of on the stack ( the flags value has the BLOCK_IS_GLOBAL flag set to indicate this at runtime but it's not immediately clear to me if this is ever used ) .
The implication of this is that global blocks are never actually copied or disposed , even if you invoke the functions to do so .
This optimisation is possible because without any references to the surrounding scope , no part of the block ( neither its code nor its Block_literal ) will ever change — it becomes a shared constant value .
Blocks are always objects
If you 're familiar with how Objective - C objects are declared , the isa field in the Block_literal above should be familiar — blocks are Objective - C objects .
This may not seem strange in Objective - C but the reality is that even in pure C or C++ , blocks are still Objective - C objects and the runtime support for blocks handles the retain / release / copy behaviors for the block in an Objective - C messaging manner .
Clang uses the class names _NSConcreteStackBlock and _NSConcreteGlobalBlock to refer to the classes for block literals but in CoreFoundation projects , this will map onto NSStackBlock and NSGlobalBlock .
If you copy an NSStackBlock , it will return an NSMallocBlock ( indicating its changed allocation location ) .
Blocks are slightly weird objects
The interesting point to note about NSStackBlock is that it is a stack allocated Objective - C object .
If you have ever tried to allocate an Objective - C object on the stack ( not as a pointer but statically allocated ) you 'll know that the compiler normally forbids this .
The reason why blocks are placed on the stack by default is speed .
In the common case where the lifetime of the block is less than that of the stack function that contains it , this is a very good optimisation .
The implication of stack blocks being allocated on the stack , is that a stack block cannot simply be retain ed — it will become invalid once the function that contains it is popped from the stack .
If you invoke retain on a stack block , it will have no effect ( the retain count of the block will remain at 1 ) .
For this reason , if you need to return a block from a function or method , you must [ [ block copy ] autorelease ] it , not simply [ [ block retain ] autorelease ] it .
__block values can move magically
Scope variables used in a block are normally passed to the block by const value ( the compiler wo n't let you change the value but even if it did , the change would n't affect the value of the variable outside the block ) .
To alter this behavior , the type specifier __block was added .
Any variable declared __block is passed by reference into the block ( value on the outside will be changed after the block is invoked ) .
In the implementation , __block variables are initially allocated on the stack but if any block which references them is copied , they are moved onto the heap ( malloc ed ) .
This leads to the following strange situation ...
int ( ^ function ( ) ) ( ) { __block int x = 0 ; int ( ^ block ) ( ) = ^ { x += 1 ; return x ; } ; NSLog ( @ " x 's location is on the stack : %p " , & x ) ; block = [ [ block copy ] autorelease ] ; NSLog ( @ " x 's location is now on the heap : %p " , & x ) ; return block ; }
In this example , x's address changes when the copy is invoked .
This is because when we declare a __block variable , a pointer to the real variable is created and any attempt to use the variable dereferences it .
When copy is invoked , the location pointed to by the pointer changes to the new heap location , so any use of x causes a dereference to this new location .
This makes __block similar to to a reference parameter in C++ since C++ references are also transparently dereferenced pointers .
NSMallocBlock never actually copies
Copying a block does n't really give you a copy of the block — if the block is already an NSMallocBlock , a copy simply increases the retain count of the block ( this retain count is an internal reserved field — the retainCount returned from the object will remain at 1 ) .
This is perfectly appropriate since the scope of the block cannot change after it is created ( therefore the block is constant ) but it does mean that invoking copy on a block is not the same thing as recreating it .
Assume the following code is in the same program as the previous example .
int ( ^ someBlock ) ( ) = counterBlock ( ) ; int ( ^ someBlockCopy ) ( ) = [ [ someBlock copy ] autorelease ] ; int ( ^ another Block ) ( ) = counterBlock ( ) ;
The block returned from counterBlock ( ) counts the number of times that it is invoked by saving the count in the __block variable x .
In this example though , someBlock and someBlockCopy share the same x variable — they are not actually separate copies .
However , another Block does have its own separate x value .
If you need a genuinely separate copy , recreate the block , do n't copy it .
Blocks retain their NSObject scope variables
Blocks will retain any NSObject that they use from their enclosing scope when they are copied .
The biggest implication of this is that you must remember to avoid retain cycles if the block will be held beyond a simple stack lifetime .
A pointed out elsewhere , you can suppress this retain of NSObject s by assigning the object to a __block variable outside the block and only ever using the __block variable inside the block .
You can also do the reverse of this and force a pointer that is n't an NSObject derived class to be retained when copied .
Do this by declaring the pointer with __attribute__ ( ( NSObject ) ) .
Of course , the situations where you 'd want to do this are exceedingly rare .
Conclusion
Blocks are very simple to use in the case where you declare one inline and immediately pass into another function but once you need to copy or hold onto a block for a while , there are a number of quirks , some of which I 've covered in this post .
Sadly at this time , Apple 's documentation on blocks is fairly basic and lacking in detail .
This is what led me to start looking at clang 's source code .
Of course , you do n't need to stare at someone else 's C++ code to learn about blocks .
There are other sources of lighter , more approachable documentation on the topic .
In addition to sources that I 've already linked , there 's also :
Migrating a live system from ext3 to ext4 filesystem
Posted by Linas on Mon 31 Aug 2009 at 13:01
This article is meant to serve as a guide for migrating a live system from ext3 to an ext4 filesystem , including migration of files to use extents , a major feature in ext4 .
It describes the entire migration procedure , including common pitfalls involving a migration of a live system , as opposed to doing a fresh install .
Reasons for conversion
The explanation of advantages and disadvantages of ext4 is beyond the scope of this article .
If you are not affected by the limitations of ext3 , and not willing to take risks , it may not be worth it .
On the other hand , on successful completion of the migration procedure your system may perform faster , experience shortened file system checks , and have increased reliability with no ill effects .
Trying ext4 without conversion
An interesting property worth noting is that you can mount ext3 filesystems as ext4 without doing the conversion first .
All you need to do is to modify your / etc / fstab to say " ext4 " instead of " ext3 " for all your filesystems , and reboot .
This way you will be able to go back to ext3 at any time .
This may be a nice test before attempting full conversion , but this will only enable ext4 features that are compatible with ext3 .
And that means that no major feature of ext4 , like extents , will be enabled .
Migrating to ext4
Word of warning
Do a backup before attempting this procedure .
It may render your system unbootable , and may destroy your data .
Your filesystems will become incompatible with ext3 , so you need to make sure that you have a complete toolkit available with ext4 support before doing a conversion .
This includes a bootloader , e2fsprogs , mount , and a recent kernel .
Prerequisites
e2fsprogs 1.41.6
mount 2.16
linux - image 2.6.30
grub 1.96+20090808
All of these packages are available in Debian unstable or experimental .
Lower versions may work , except for e2fsprogs - this is indeed the lowest version .
Converting a non-root filesystem to ext4
As long as you are converting a filesystem that can be unmounted , it is fairly simple procedure .
In this example we will be converting a / dev/sdc1 partition mounted as / home directory .
First , unmount the partition .
umount /dev/sdc1
Next , run a filesystem check on it to make sure it is in sane condition .
We are still on ext3 .
fsck.ext3 - pf /dev/sdc1
Enable new features of ext4 on the filesystem .
tune2fs - O extents , uninit_bg , dir_index /dev/sdc1
Option " extents " enables the filesystem to use extents instead of bitmap mapping for files , " uninit_bg " reduces file system check times by only checking used portions of the disk , and " dir_index " allows storing the contents of large directories in a htree for faster access .
Option " dir_index " is also supported by ext3 , so you may already be using it , but it makes no harm to specify it here .
Run a filesystem check .
It will find errors .
It is normal .
Let it fix them .
You may want to run the check twice to make sure that the filesystem is now clean .
fsck.ext4 -yfD /dev/sdc1
The " - D " parameter will actually enable the " dir_index " option by rebuilding directory index .
It can be rebuilt ( optimized ) at any later time by running the check with the parameter .
Now edit your / etc / fstab file to say " ext4 " instead of " ext3 " for /home .
Other options may differ for your system .
/ dev/sdc1 / home ext4 defaults 0 2
Try to mount your new ext4 filesystem .
mount /home
If it succeeds , congratulations .
If not , do not panic .
You have not lost your data .
And you have a backup after all , right ?
Make sure you have all the latest tools listed in prerequisites .
Get them form Debian unstable or experimental if needed .
Upgrade and try again .
The / boot partition
If your / boot is a separate partition , all is good and great .
Just leave it as ext3 .
Latest development grub versions do have support for ext4 , but it still may and will fail for some given snapshot of grub .
As ext3 can be mounted ext4 without conversion , you can just edit your / etc / fstab to say " ext4 " instead of " ext3 " for boot partition .
/ dev/sdb1 / boot ext4 defaults 0 1
Most features of ext4 will not be used , but that makes little difference for / boot , as it is only used early at boot time .
And since this is essentially still an ext3 partition , grub will have no problem booting it .
If , on the other hand , you do not have a separate / boot partition , you should consider creating one .
Otherwise you must be really careful , and not enable features not supported by grub , or make sure that you are using a version of grub that supports all of them .
Converting a root filesystem to ext4
Converting a root filesystem is a bit more tricky because you cannot unmount it , as your system is running on it .
Nevertheless it is still possible to do it without using an external bootable media .
You should do this in a single - user mode .
First step is to modify your / etc / fstab file to say " ext4 " instead of " ext3 " for root partition .
This is important because you will be operating on a read - only filesystem later , and will not be able to make the change , and this would result in your system unable to mount a root filesystem on next boot .
Let us assume that root partition is / dev/sda1 , so your /etc / fstab should look something like this .
/ dev/sda1 / ext4 defaults 0 1
Now remount the root filesystem read - only .
mount -o remount , ro /
Then run a filesystem check on the root filesystem .
fsck.ext3 - pf /dev/sda1
It will tell you to reboot the system .
That may be a good idea , so simply boot into single - user mode and remount it read - only again .
It is fine even though we have already modified / etc / fstab , because ext3 can be mounted as ext4 without conversion .
Next , enable all the ext4 features on the root filesystem .
tune2fs - O extents , uninit_bg , dir_index /dev/sda1
And run run a filesystem check on the root filesystem again .
It will find and fix errors .
This is normal .
fsck.ext4 -yfD /dev/sda1
You can now reboot to your new ext4 system , and enjoy faster filesystem check times , better performance , and all the improvements of ext4 .
Well , almost ; read the next section .
Migrating files to extents
It may seem that the migration from ext3 to ext4 is now complete , and it is almost true .
Except that any old files created before the conversion will continue using the bitmap mapping of ext3 instead of extents of ext4 .
Files will eventually migrate to the new format as they are updated during normal system operation , because on next write they will be saved using extents .
Unfortunately many frequently used files ( like application binaries ) are often read and rarely written to .
The outcome is that the files will remain using the old format for a long time , and you will not be able to experience full potential of ext4 .
A utility called e4defrag , which would be able to migrate files , is being developed .
But unfortunately it is far complete , and is not suitable for use on real data as of time of writing .
Fortunately it is possible to migrate separate files to extents by using chattr utility , which comes with e2 fsprogs package .
It allows you to set an attribute on a file which causes the kernel to rewrite the file using extents .
It even possible to do this on a mounted and working file system .
In fact , that is the only way to do it .
Please not that this feature is still experimental and has not been tested thoroughly .
Performing such operation may be dangerous .
It may also flood your system log with warnings and errors .
You should first test this on small number of insignificant files .
You can check if a file ( or a directory ) is using extents with lsattr .
lsattr /home / user / foo/ bar
If it not using extents , the output will be something like this .
------------------- /home/user/foo/bar
The dashed line here is simply a placeholder for various attributes a file can have .
This means that it has no attributes .
Now set the attribute to use extents on the file .
chattr +e /home/user/foo/bar
Now list the attributes again , and you will notice that the output looks like this .
-----------------e- /home/user/foo/bar
Note the " e " , which means that it is now using extents .
Check your system log and look for scary things .
Not finding any is a good sign .
That means you can continue .
Modifying attributes with chattr can be done on multiple files .
Although digging trough the entire directory system is not really feasible , so you can use some of the shell magic to accomplish the task .
find / home - xdev - type f - print0 | xargs - 0 chattr +e find / home - xdev - type d - print0 | xargs - 0 chattr +e
The first command will run " chattr +e " on all files in /home , and the second will do the same for directories .
It is possible to run this on the root directory and convert everything at once .
But running this on one file system at a time with " - xdev " parameter will prevent it from diving into file systems that do not support extents .
It may also be useful to run filesystem check on a partition after conversion .
It may make sense to perform this in single - user mode to minimize the chances of something interfering with a task .
You may also want to shutdown syslog , as it may generate a lot of warnings .
Final word
Author takes no responsibility for bad things that may or may not happen .
Comments , corrections , and discussions most welcome .
Ranking the rescues View photos
The collapse of Lehman led to a deeper recession and a litany of government programs to try to end the pain .
We rate just how bold and effective the plans have been so far .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Congress has raised the debt ceiling four times in the past two years and will probably have to do it again in the next month .
With the government borrowing record amounts of money , the nation 's current debt ceiling of $ 12.1 trillion will be pierced soon .
That ceiling is the cap on how much the country allows itself to have in debt .
In credit card parlance , the ceiling is the U.S. credit limit .
At the end of August , U.S. debt totaled $ 11.8 trillion .
That 's roughly $ 349 billion shy of the statutory limit .
The ceiling is meant to serve as a brake on spending because lawmakers would have to think very seriously before they breach the limit and take a very difficult political vote to do so .
In reality , lawmakers really do n't have a choice but to raise the ceiling and they know it .
Put simply , if they do n't raise the ceiling , the country will go into default on its debt .
The domino effect would be painful , to say the least .
Treasury bonds would come due but the Treasury would n't have the authority to borrow more money to pay holders of those securities .
The government might be able to come up with some cash by , for instance , borrowing from the federal employee retirement trust fund .
The Treasury Department also said Wednesday that it was taking steps to " preserve flexibility " in how it manages its debt .
It will reduce the amount of money in its financial rescue reserve -- essentially setting aside cash in the event that lawmakers do n't raise the ceiling in a timely manner .
But such measures can only stave off the inevitable temporarily .
After Treasury exhausts its options , barring an increase in the ceiling , the value of U.S. bonds , would sink , jeopardizing the portfolios of countries and investors around the world who invest in U.S. debt .
" Our credit as a nation would plummet immediately and throw the world economy into a depression , " said Charles Konigsberg , chief budget counsel for The Concord Coalition , a deficit watchdog group .
In the hands of Congress
The debt ceiling was implemented decades ago .
Lawmakers have raised it 90 times in the past 69 years , according to data from the Office of Management and Budget .
Earlier this year , the House passed a joint resolution that would raise the debt ceiling to $ 13.029 trillion for fiscal year 2010 .
The Senate has yet to weigh in .
While lawmakers are almost certain to support an increase , the issue is expected to spark a firestorm on the House and Senate floors .
That 's because the statutory debt limit is more of a political hammer used most often by whichever party is in the minority to blame the majority for the soaring debt .
Konigsberg said he expects the debates in all likelihood to be " 0 % substance and 100 % politics .
It comes down to two parties arguing about who 's responsible for the debt . "
But one quid pro quo that fiscal conservatives might propose is an amendment to create a deficit reduction commission , which is an idea that could generate bipartisan support , he said .
In any case , the debates over the debt ceiling may be particularly heated because of the unprecedented government interventions that were launched in the past 18 months to curtail the financial and economic crises .
A debate over the debt ceiling will also intersect with the fight over health care reform , which could cost as much as $ 800 billion to $ 1 trillion over the next decade .
Fuel bills have become a " scandal " as the biggest suppliers in the £ 25 bn - a - year industry make vast profits supplying gas and electricity to Britain 's 20 million families , independent experts say .
Today
The Independent launches a campaign demanding that the " Big Six " power companies lower their prices , amid accusations that they failed to pass on cuts in fuel bills after the price of oil fell from last summer 's record highs .
Utility companies put up power prices by about 42 per cent last year , or about £ 382 per household .
Since then , the wholesale cost of gas and electricity has halved but bills have fallen by only 4 per cent .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Critics say there is too little competition between British Gas , E.ON , EDF Energy , Npower , Scottish & Southern and ScottishPower .
The average domestic fuel bill paid by direct debit is £ 1,141 – but it varies by less than £ 20 between the six companies .
Over the past month , the mark - up charged by the established power suppliers has been exposed by two new operators who are taking advantage of rock - bottom wholesale gas and electricity prices to slash bills .
First : Utility 's typical tariff for bills paid online is £ 954 , while Ovo Energy charges £ 978 , a saving of £ 163 to £ 187 over the Big Six .
Quarterly and pre-payment customers who switch to Ovo or First : Utility would save £ 287 .
By contrast , millions of Big Six customers are languishing on standard deals far costlier than online tariffs offered to savvy customers who shop around .
Some of those expensive packages will hit home this winter when the two British - owned power companies reveal their profits to the City .
Hundreds of thousands served by E.ON and ScottishPower will also find themselves paying up to £ 296 a year more for gas and electricity after their fixed tariffs ended last week .
As part of the " Great Energy Rip - Off " campaign , The Independent is encouraging its readers to switch supplier to spark greater competition .
We are also calling on the Big Six to lower prices by 10 per cent , or about £ 125 a year , and urging ministers to remove the licences of suppliers that do not pass on falls in wholesale fuel prices .
Of the Big Six , four are owned by foreign corporations which have been accused of treating Britain like a " treasure island " .
They are expected to report vastly higher profits thanks to falling wholesale costs .
While the firms were paying 85 p per therm of gas last September , the price now is 35 p .
Electricity prices have fallen from £ 90 to £ 40 per megawatt hour .
According to a review by the Energy Contract Company , an independent energy forecaster , wholesale gas prices will stay low this winter and remain so for three years .
" The fall in spot prices has meant the domestic market is now highly profitable , " it said in its Gas Market Review , which put current profit margins at 20 to 30 per cent .
In August , the energy regulator Ofgem 's request for price cuts was rejected by suppliers who warned that they might even raise bills .
Using confidential commercial data , Ofgem – which has been accused of treating the Big Six too leniently – estimated that while they usually made £ 110 per year on " dual fuel " customers who obtained gas and electricity from one company , this year they would make £ 170 per customer – an increase of 55 per cent .
According to a " conservative " estimate by the campaign group Consumer Focus , bills are about £ 100 too high .
But an independent energy expert , David Hunter , said that given Ofgem 's " caution " he estimated that a figure of £ 120 a year was more accurate .
" The failure of the suppliers to pass on the massive reductions in energy prices ... is approaching scandal proportions , " said Mr Hunter , of Britain 's biggest independent energy analyst McKinnon & Clarke .
" Some suppliers have recently made small reductions to niche tariffs .
However , these token discounts are only open to direct debit and online customers and do not change the overall trend . "
Last year , Ofgem dismissed any suggestion that the power companies were colluding to fix prices .
However , after initially insisting that the market was working , the regulator 's Energy Supply Probe found that pre-payment and electricity - only customers were being overcharged by £ 500 m .
Energywatch , the disbanded consumer body , blamed a lack of competition .
As a result of takeovers since privatisation in the 1980s , the number of household power suppliers has fallen from 20 to six .
EDF Energy , E.ON , ScottishPower and Npower have been taken over by overseas corporations , making them more resistant to national pressure to lower bills .
Confusing bills from the firms , which have a baffling array of 4,000 different tariffs , also make customers less likely to search for a better deal .
The Government urged firms to lower prices this spring , but since then ministers have been quiet and the Department for Energy and Climate Change has issued no press releases on household bills all year .
The Big Six , which control 99 per cent of the domestic market , are likely to face new pressure later this year as they reveal bumper earnings .
This month , Scottish & Southern is expected to announce interim profits of almost £ 600 m – twice last year 's figure .
Save up to £ 380 by switching your energy provider with Independent Compare
VILNIUS ( Reuters ) - Lithuania must properly investigate allegations it hosted a secret CIA prison for al Qaeda and , if true , take responsibility for its actions , the president said on Tuesday .
U.S. ABC news reported in August that Lithuania was the third European country after Poland and Romania to have provided the CIA with facilities for detaining , and possibly interrogating , suspects .
President Dalia Grybauskaite , who is in charge of foreign and defense policy and tends to be outspoken , said an investigation by parliament , which found no jail , had been only a formality .
“ It ( the investigation ) raises the question of political will ... , ” she told a news conference ahead of a meeting with Council of Europe Human Rights Commissioner Thomas Hammarberg .
“ The West is waiting for answers from us and will look at us with suspicion as long as Lithuania cannot clear away the shadows which hang above Lithuania or , if it is confirmed , to take responsibility and to apologize to the international community for human rights ( abuses ) . ”
She said she had suspicions the jail did exist and that the international community thought this too , without giving details why .
She also said a request had been sent to the United States for cooperation in a probe .
Hammarberg said he was convinced the truth would come out .
“ I think this is a serious matter that needs to be clarified , ” he told journalists .
ABC News has said a secret CIA prison operated near Vilnius airport from early 2004 to late 2005 and that CIA planes flew into Lithuania with top level al Qaeda suspects .
The Washington Post reported for the first time in 2005 , quoting unnamed CIA sources , that CIA prisons existed in Europe as part of former President George W. Bush ’s “ war on terror ” in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks .
It was always curious that Google 's response to the FCC inquiry about Google Voice and the App Store had been redacted , but now we 're starting to see why -- El Goog and the FCC have just released the full text of the letter , and it flatly contradicts Apple 's take on the matter .
If you 'll remember , Apple claimed that while Google Voice had n't been , it also had n't been , and that its status was in limbo while the folks in Cupertino " studied " the matter .
Not so , says El Goog : according to its letter , Phil Schiller himself told Google that GV had been rejected on July 7 for duplication of functionality , following a similar conversation on April 10th during which Schiller rejected Google Latitude in part because it might " offer new features not present on the preloaded maps application . "
Yeah , that 's a huge discrepancy , and it makes Apple 's version seem even more divorced from reality that it already is .
Things are starting to heat up -- we 'll see what the FCC makes of all this .
And here we go -- Apple just pinged us to say the following : " We do not agree with all of the statements made by Google in their FCC letter .
Apple has not rejected the Google Voice application and we continue to discuss it with Google .
" So we 've been thinking about it , and here 's our question -- if Apple did n't reject GV , and is still studying it , what exactly did Phil Schiller say to Google to make them think it had been rejected ?
The difference between " rejected " and " on hold pending further discussion " is n't a subtle one , and Google clearly thought GV had been explicitly rejected .
For whatever it 's worth , reports of GV's " rejection " are how this whole mess got started , so either this is all one huge misunderstanding , or someone here is n't telling the entire truth .
Read -
Google unredacted FCC filing [ Warning : PDF ] Read - Google Public Policy
Blog explaining decision to release letter
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
The main challenger to Afghan President Hamid Karzai Monday demanded the removal of the country 's election chief and 200 other staffers of the election commission to ensure a fair runoff election .
Abdullah Abdullah also called for his supporters to be allowed to monitor polling stations and to observe vote counting and meetings of the country 's Independent Electoral Commission .
Polling stations which his supporters cannot monitor for security reasons should be closed , he said .
And provincial officials in areas where fraud was committed should be fired immediately , he insisted .
Abdullah , who was second to Karzai in the first round of voting on August 20 , declined to say he would boycott the second round , on November 7 , if his conditions were not met .
" These conditions are not that difficult , and I have thought about the lawful and legal issues of all conditions , " he told journalists at a news conference .
Karzai told CNN last week Afghanistan " must have a second round " of voting .
" If we do n't do that , we would be insulting democracy .
And I pledge to respect the vote of the people . "
Karzai said in an exclusive interview for the " Fareed Zakaria GPS " show that aired Sunday on CNN .
Abdullah plans to submit his terms to the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan and the country 's Independent Election Commission -- and give them until the end of the month to comply , he said .
Abdullah has long called for the removal of the head of the election commission , Azizullah Lodin , contending he is aligned with Karzai .
On Monday , he reiterated his demand , saying Lodin has " no credibility . "
He also called for three government ministers to be suspended until after the election .
Election monitors working for Abdullah were not let into polling stations in the first round of voting , but the U.N. , European Union and Independent Election Commission sent observers .
The outside bodies are planning to send monitors for the second round , but in smaller numbers .
Abdullah , who served as foreign minister in Karzai 's government until quitting nearly four years ago , ruled out a power - sharing option with Karzai .
" My trust in becoming a candidate was not to be part of the same government , part of the same deteriorating situation , " Abdullah told CNN in an interview broadcast on Sunday 's " State of the Union With John King . "
" Mine was for a change in this country .
Mine was for bringing hopes for the people of this country , and making the people of Afghanistan true participants in their politics , in the governance , in the developmental process , in the security situation and as a whole . "
Abdullah and others charged massive fraud in the August 20 vote .
The initial results gave Karzai an outright win , but a subsequent review by the U.N. - backed panel of election monitors threw out nearly one - third of Karzai 's votes because of " clear and convincing evidence of fraud . "
The result left Karzai short of the 50 percent need to avoid a runoff .
After a flurry of meetings with U.S. and U.N. officials , the Afghan president agreed to the November 7 vote .
Karzai insisted in his interview with CNN that while there were " mistakes " and " some incidents of fraud " in the election , " the election as a whole was clean . "
He confirmed that many world leaders called and asked him to accept that he had not won enough votes in the first round to be declared the victor , but he said those requests were n't the reason he accepted the runoff .
" It was recognizing that Afghanistan had gone through so many years of difficulty , so many years of internal strife backed by foreign players , and I felt as if Afghanistan was entering that period again , " he said .
" For that reason , and for the reason of safety and security of the Afghan people and as I mentioned earlier , cementing democratic traditions in Afghanistan , I went to agree to a second round . "
He said he believes another round of voting " is good for Afghanistan ... will eventually be good for all of us , " he said .
At the same time , Karzai said , the " last election was not as bad as it was claimed -- it was a lot better . "
Abdullah rejected that notion .
" To call this as clean elections , I think this , with all due respect to Mr. Karzai , it 's a bit of ignorance , " he told King , adding that " unfortunately , the government was involved . "
Journalist Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .
The large number of Americans who currently have employer - sponsored medical insurance would not see much change in their premium costs as a result of the health care legislation pending in Congress , according to a widely awaited budget analysis .
The analysis , released Monday by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates the impact on health insurance premiums under the sweeping legislation being championed by the Obama administration and Democratic leaders on Capitol Hill .
The analysis found that premiums would move in many different directions for different types of people in different circumstances .
But in perhaps the most crucial finding , the budget office said that the large number of Americans who currently have employer - sponsored insurance would see little change in their premium costs — and that in some cases the costs might even fall .
Employment - sponsored coverage would account for about five - sixths of the total health insurance market , the budget office said .
Because calculating the proposed legislation ’s effect on premiums is so complicated , the budget office pegged its analysis to a single year , 2016 , and it focused on the average premium “ per person – that is , per covered life , including dependents covered by family policies . ”
For the small group market — that is , employers with 50 or fewer employees — the change in premium prices for those policies would range from an increase of 1 percent to a reduction of 2 percent in 2016 , as compared to projections of premium prices under current law , the budget office said .
And for the large group market , defined as employers with more than 50 workers , “ the legislation would yield an average premium per person that is zero to 3 percent lower in 2016 , ” the budget office reported .
Frustrating as it might seem , the analysis of premium pricing is complex , and the potential effect of the legislation varies greatly , depending on the individual circumstances of American individuals and families .
And so , both sides in the political debate could find fodder for their arguments in support or in opposition to the legislation .
Senator Evan Bayh , Democrat of Indiana , who requested the budget office analysis , has warned that his support for the legislation would hinge on its not increasing insurance costs for Americans who already have coverage through their employers .
Some other Democrats hailed the analysis as supporting the value of the proposed legislation .
“ In recent years , Americans have seen their health insurance premiums creep higher and higher at an alarming rate , ” Senator Max Baucus , Democrat of Montana , and chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , said in a statement .
“ Health reform set out to slow those rapid increases , and today the non-partisan congressional budget scorekeepers told us we ’ve succeeded . ”
Mr. Baucus added : “ The analysis we received today indicates that whether you work for a small business , a large company or you work for yourself , the vast majority of Americans will see lower premiums than they would if we do n’t pass health reform . ”
But there are wrinkles .
The budget office found that the cost of insurance premiums for non-group policies – insurance bought directly by individuals – would increase 10 percent to 13 percent .
But half of the people in the non-group market would receive federal subsidies that would drive the cost of insurance substantially lower than it would be under existing law .
In all , the non -group market is expected to account for about 17 percent of the total health insurance market .
One reason for the increase in prices in the non-group market is that policies would have to “ cover a broader scope of benefits than are projected to be covered by such policies , on average , under current law , ” the budget office said .
In other words , people who would end up paying more for their insurance would also be getting better coverage .
Still the possibility that costs could increase for anyone is likely to become fodder for opponents of the Democrats ’ health care legislation .
The Senate Republican leader , Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , immediately seized on the budget office analysis to assert that the legislation was flawed and would increase costs .
“ At the beginning of the health care debate , we were told that this trillion - dollar experiment would lower premiums for American families , ” Mr. McConnell said in remarks prepared for a floor speech .
“ And yet just this morning , the independent Congressional Budget Office provided an analysis showing that the Democrat bill will actually increase premiums for American families .
So a bill that ’s being sold as a way to reduce costs actually drives them up . ”
More coverage and analysis of the Congressional Budget Office report is expected in The New York Times and on nytimes.com
News Corporation Chairman Rupert Murdoch has launched a stinging attack on Google and other online entities for stealing content .
At a conference of World Media Executives at Beijing 's Great Hall of the People , Rupert Murdoch has taken aim at search engines like Google as internet parasites .
According to the News Corporation Chairman , the so - called " aggregators " on the internet steal content from traditional media organisations and , he says , the time has come for them to pay for it .
" If we do not take advantage of the current movement toward paid - for content , it will be the content creators - the people in this hall - who will pay the ultimate price and the content kleptomaniacs will triumph , " he said .
Human rights groups have criticised China for hosting the media summit given the level of press censorship here .
If you ’ve only been half paying attention , you probably think that the Apple Tablet is a done deal .
It is n’t .
Outside the impervious hallways of One Infinite Loop , the tablet remains a technological unicorn — a mythical beast whose beauty , elegance and singularity we can only imagine .
Wired.com is among the vast majority of publications which fervently believes , however .
We have found supporting evidence in all manner of tea leaves , including the decision by Apple to allow iPhone developers to create free apps that can be platforms to charge for something .
This is probably just a way of porting the shareware model to mobile .
But a free shop window would also be a perfect way for publishers , we argued , to offer readers the same chance to sample content .
﻿
Apple admits nothing , of course .
In a recent meeting with media executives , including some from Wired ’s parent company , Condé Nast , attendees were required to sign a non-disclosure agreement , participants told Wired.com .
Despite this precaution , the word “ tablet ” was never uttered — indeed , hardware was n’t even discussed .
What ’s In It For Steve ?
Tablet speculation mostly centers on what ’s in it for the user , and third parties , including the print media .
But the key is what ’s in it for Apple — more specifically , what ’s in it for CEO Steve Jobs .
We think there ’s one thing that makes an Apple Tablet inevitable : Jobs is considering his legacy , and he wants it to include saving the media , pulling it back from the brink at its darkest moment .
Many have defined the problem — people are abandoning old media for new in droves — but nobody has come remotely close to figuring out the formula to monetize this audience in a way that ensures the range and level of news and periodical content and offers the rich experience advertisers will pay a premium to be part of .
Pulling it off would take characteristic Apple hardware / software flair — and a bit of uncharacteristic magnanimity .
But the “ X ” factor is Jobs himself .
Whatever you believe about his health , Jobs will not live forever .
We ’re guessing that he , like all high achievers , believes that yesterday ’s accomplishments , however fantastic , are also yesterday ’s news .
If he is looking for One Last Thing , saving journalism would be the Holy Grail .
Success is hardly guaranteed — and that might be a consideration as well .
The Apple Tablet will have to resonate like the MacBook Air did not , because in the second - device sweepstakes the mobile phone is number one .
A tablet will have to be a suitable replacement for a portable computer , with comfortable inputs ( did someone say Mighty Mouse ? ) as well as all the tools and data access you might want at any given time .
To do cool new things , we ’re betting the operating system will have to be a “ Goldilocks ” solution : A full - blown OS X is too big and the iPhone ’s is too little .
Something in the middle would be just right .
‘ My Gift To You ’
The device will have to make readers forget — really forget — the printed page .
E-readers , for all that they do , do n’t do this yet .
There are plenty of them , and plenty more on the way .
Much hope is invested in Amazon ’s Kindle DX , which hits the market for the holidays .
But in the end e-readers are third devices , or at least two - and - a - half ( carried sometimes ) .
Finally — and this is the “ my gift to you ” part — the unveiling of an Apple Tablet will have to be accompanied by a fundamental policy change .
Apple will have to let publishers roll the dice on pricing and cede control of the customer relationship it has jealously guarded .
There are precedents which could point to this trajectory ; tiered pricing and album - only sales are allowed on iTunes now , and app developers can more or less charge whatever they want .
It ’s a tall order , but Jobs ’ resume is one long treatise on paradigmatic yet somehow pragmatic innovation .
He breathed new life into animated film with Pixar .
The studio has put out 10 features , every single one a commercial and critical success .
The music industry may grumble , but Apple fixed their business with an iTunes / iPod ecosystem and a one - price - fits - all policy that made sure not all music was going to be provided by pirates .
Note : Sexy hardware and frictionless fulfillment were key .
At a time when it was clear consumer portables were the future , Apple created a desktop — the iMac — and the line is more popular than ever .
In a mobile phone market controlled by a tiny band of hide - bound telcos and handset makers , Apple busted through with the iPhone .
Despite eulogies to the brick - and - mortar model Jobs goes viral with the Apple Store .
There are 200 now and their New York flagship may be the highest - grossing store on Ritzy Fifth Avenue .
Even given this track record — and what we choose to believe is the all - trumping motivator of perfecting his legacy — a device - centric initiative that saves newspapers and magazines that seem to be in perpetual , some say irretrievable , decline , sounds next to impossible .
But is anybody seriously willing to bet against the house — of Jobs ?
See Also :
IronScheme , the R6RS implementation of Scheme for DLR , has reached RC1 after one year of being in beta .
IronScheme is the effort of Llewellyn Pritchard , aka Leppie , author of the xacc.ide IDE , a development environment for .NET languages .
He initially created IronLisp , but discovering that no one was interested in yet another LISP dialect Leppie decided to implement Scheme and to make it run on top of the DLR .
The result was IronScheme .
After being an alpha project for 10 months and going through 4 beta releases over the period of one year , IronScheme is closing its official 1.0 release being RC1 at this point .
IronScheme can be invoked through the command prompt , a REPL environment , or by being embedded as a scripting library in .NET applications .
It runs on .NET / 32 and 64 bit and Mono / 32 bit .
IronScheme currently passes 8880 tests from the PLT Scheme test suite with only 4 tests not passing yet .
Two features are still lacking and Leppie ’s plan is to address those in v. 2.0 :
call / cc only supports escape continuations , trying to re-invoke a continuation will result in an error
during development of beta 2 , I made a CPS version , but is too slow to be useful currently , this will be addressed in IronScheme 2.0
Still needed and are to be addressed before the final release : more testing , more integration with CLR and complete documentation .
The project is published under MS - PL License .
Resources : Interview with Leppie , Host IronScheme in Your .NET
Applications , The Scheme Language Is to Be Split in Two .
Understanding mixing in the ocean is of fundamental importance to modeling climate change or predicting the effects of an El Niño on our weather .
Modern ocean models primarily incorporate the effects of winds and tides .
However , they do not generally take into account the mixing generated by swimming animals .
More than 60 years ago , oceanographers predicted that the effect of swimming animals could be profound .
Accounting for this effort has proven difficult , though , so it has not entered into today 's models .
Now Kakani Katija and John Dabiri at the California Institute of Technology have developed a way to estimate the extent of " biogenic " mixing .
After conducting field measurements on swimming jellyfish , they built models of how animals mix the waters ocean - wide and concluded that the effect may be extensive .
" Swimming animals may contribute to ocean mixing on the same level as winds and tides , " says Katija .
" This necessitates the inclusion of biogenic mixing sources in ocean circulation and global climate models . "
Katija will present these findings this month at the 62nd Annual Meeting of the American Physical Society 's ( APS ) Division of Fluid Dynamics will take place from November 22 - 24 at the Minneapolis Convention Center .
Most of this mixing is due to the displacement created by the movement of animal bodies through the water -- rather than by the turbulence that is stirred up by fish as they swim .
This displacement is found to depend primarily on the shape of the animal rather than the dynamics of the animal 's swimming motion .
Moreover , says Katija , only a small part of the mixing comes from the mighty creatures that inhabit the deep .
Most of it is due to meeker , but much more plentiful , animals -- the tiny krill , copepods , and other small critters that make up the vast majority of organisms swimming in the ocean .
The presentation , " A Darwinian mechanism for biogenic ocean mixing " by Kakani Katija and John Dabiri of the California Institute of Technology is on November 22 , 2009 .
A new Oklahoma law will require the details of every abortion to be posted on a public website .
Proponents say this will prevent abortion — apparently by shaming and burdening women and doctors .
Advertisement
The law ( which you can look at here — it 's HR 1595 ) mandates that a 34 - item questionnaire be filled out by abortion providers for each procedure .
The questionnaire does n't include the woman 's name or " any information specifically identifying the patient , " but it does ask for age , race , level of education , marital status , number of previous pregnancies , and the county in which the abortion was performed , information which opponents of the bill argue would be enough to identify a woman in a small town .
The questionnaire also asks about the mother 's reason for the abortion , her method of payment , and even what type of insurance she has , as well as whether the fetus received anaesthetic and whether there was " an infant born alive as a result of the abortion . "
Broadsheet 's Lynn Harris writes ,
According to proponents of the law , this extensive abortion data — which will include the reason the procedure was sought — will help health officials prevent future abortions .
Yeah , I can see that .
Because the requirement itself would scare the shit out of me .
Advertisement
Harris also points out that the way the data is collected will make it very difficult to use in any scientific or sociological research .
But it 's unlikely that those who devised the questionnaire intended it to be used for objective science .
Its questions ( especially those related to ultrasound and providing the patient with written materials prior to abortion ) seem geared toward figuring out the best way to keep women from aborting .
And the questionnaire itself looks like one more way of shaming women out of the abortion process .
It may also deter doctors , who now have a new and very long piece of paperwork to complete .
As if that were n't enough , the law also bans sex-selective abortions .
Jennifer Mondino , staff attorney at the Center for Reproductive Rights , told Broadsheet ,
The sex - selective bans in effect limit access to abortion because it may chill doctors from providing the service .
It 's difficult for a doctor to determine the reason why a woman is having an abortion .
So it 's yet another hurdle for doctors who are simply trying to provide a legal safe service .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Luckily , the bill 's very broadness may be its downfall .
The Center for Reproductive Rights is challenging it on the ground that it violates the Oklahoma Constitution because it " covers more than one subject " — a challenge that previously worked to strike down an abortion ultrasound law .
Harris appeared sanguine about the Center 's chances for getting the law struck down , which is lucky , because otherwise the women of Oklahoma will become data points in a system designed to advance an ideological goal .
TheDetailsOfYourAbortion.com [ Broadsheet ]
New Oklahoma Abortion Law Being Challenged [ Feminists for Choice ]
For over a decade , the world has waited for James Cameron 's follow up to Titanic .
But now that Avatar has at last arrived how are we to prepare ourselves for the fact that it might be godawful ?
There is little more dangerous than a director pursuing his dream project .
One thinks of such classic catastrophes as Coppola 's One From the Heart , Scorsese 's New York , New York or Spielberg 's 1941 .
A director with too much freedom and a dream can lead to Citizen Kane or it can lead to The Phantom Menace .
And thus far , all available signs point down the Phantom Menace path .
For starters , as has been widely commented upon , there are the distressingly Jar Jar Binks - like aliens which populate the planet where the film is set .
There is the obsession with technology and its , um , various uses .
And then in the little glimpses we 've seen such as the clip below , there are those nagging hints of all those things that made Titatnic so cringeworthy when it was n't busy drowning people : two - fisted ham - handed over - acting , a laughable two - dimensional good versus evil plotline to tie together all the explosions , dialogue like " every living thing wants to kill you and eat your eyes for Jujubees , " and characters named things like Colonel Miles Quaritch , Trudy Chacon , Selfridge , Neytiri and Jake Sully .
And through it all these distractingly zany looking blue cartoons with big cat noses marching around .
Well , perhaps it will all look a lot better in 3D , but in the meantime , we should all strap in and prepare for what could well turn out to be the worst movie you have ever felt obliged to see .
Watch the clip below and see if you do n't get that " Uh oh " feeling in the pit of your stomach .
Via Empireonline.com
Millions of tonnes of carbon dioxide could be prevented from entering the atmosphere following the discovery of a way to turn coal , grass or municipal waste more efficiently into clean fuels .
Scientists have adapted a process called " gasification " which is already used to clean up dirty materials before they are used to generate electricity or to make renewable fuels .
The technique involves heating organic matter to produce a mixture of hydrogen and carbon monoxide , called syngas .
However gasification is very energy - intensive , requiring high - temperature air , steam or oxygen to react with the organic material .
Heating this up leads to the release of large amounts of carbon dioxide .
In addition , gasification is often inefficient , leaving behind significant amounts of solid waste at the end of the process .
To find out how to make the process more efficient , researchers led by Marco Castaldi , at the department of earth and environmental engineering at Columbia University , tried varying the atmosphere in the gasifier .
They found that , by adding CO 2 into the steam atmosphere of a gasifier , significantly more of the biomass or coal was turned into useful syngas .
The technique has a double benefit for the environment : it provides a use for CO 2 that would otherwise escape into the atmosphere and , after the hydrogen is siphoned off from the syngas , the remaining carbon monoxide can be buried safely underground .
Castaldi's results will be published this week in the Journal of Environmental Science & Technology .
His team calculated that using CO 2 during gasification of a biomass fuel such as beechgrass , in order to make enough biofuel for a fifth of the world 's transport demands , would use up 437 m tonnes of the greenhouse gas .
Preventing that from entering the atmosphere would be equivalent to removing 308 m vehicles from the road .
Replacing 30 % of the steam atmosphere of a gasifier with CO 2 ensured that all the solid fuel was turned into syngas .
Castaldi 's process reduces the amount of water that needs to be heated in the gasifier , thereby saving energy , and is 10 to 30 % more efficient than standard gasification .
" You take a solid fuel like a biomass or a coal or even municipal waste and typically what you do is gasify it using steam , air or oxygen , " said Castaldi .
" In that typical oxidation process , the air reacts very quickly and forms a very recalcitrant carbon char that takes very high temperatures to get converted into gases .
" When you use steam , the problem is that it 's not as reactive as oxygen but it's a little too slow . "
He added : " CO 2 is a little more reactive than steam but not as reactive as oxygen .
The CO 2 , as it's converting a solid fuel to a gas , also has the ability to react with the carbon char that is forming . "
Working at the same temperature as a normal gasifier , using CO 2 means a better conversion of solid fuel into syngas .
" If I operate at 1,000C and do n't use CO 2 I 'll have some residual carbon left over , which could be a fuel – that 's an efficiency penalty , " said Castaldi .
" Using about 30 % CO 2 , for that same 1,000C you get the complete gasification of the carbon into the syngas . "
Applied to a modern IGCC ( integrated gasification combined cycle ) power station , which gasifies coal , this can lead to an efficiency gain of up to 4 % .
Testosterone Booster !
The Secret of Testosterone Booster Cycling !
My testosterone levels more than doubled after I figured out how to use the testosterone boosters we 're about to discuss .
But things were n't always so sweet and rosy ....
As a matter of fact , my T levels actually went DOWN the first 17 months I was attempting to fix this problem .
But I 'm a big believer in luck , especially if that luck has plenty of hard work to back it up .
And I 'm happy to say that my hard work eventually DID pay off for me .
But I did n’t rely on the supplements alone to get my testosterone back up where it belonged .
As a matter of fact …
The supplements did me very little good until I started cooling my testicles , because like most men .... my balls were running WAY too hot .
And hot testicles simply will not produce as much T as cool testicles will .
So before you even think about cycling T - boosters , you need to address your testicle temps first .
I can't stress this enough !
I give step by step instructions on the cooling protocol I followed on page 3 of my ﻿ T - boosting ebook ﻿ ..
Download it Here ( no charge ) .
Once you ’ve handled this , go ahead and proceed to the next section ….
Testosterone Booster Cycling
On this page , I 'm going to teach you everything I 've learned about these over the counter testosterone boosters .
I 'll show you which supplements to take , and more importantly , how you should be taking them .
But before we get started , I have some slightly uncomfortable business to take care of .
Please humor me for just one second and answer the following two questions before reading any further ...
Are you looking to boost your testosterone levels without using drugs , injections , or artificial hormones ?
Have you made a ROCK SOLID & FIRM COMMITMENT to avoid the garbage above , and the negative side effects they ALWAYS bring into a man 's life ?
If not , do BOTH of us a favor , and hit your back button right now .
And I really mean this !
If you can't make this commitment , there 's no need for you to waste any more of your time here .
Instead , go ahead and try the conventional medical route first .
Then let the wild mood swings , aggression , hostility , man boobs , water retention , cystic acne , and testicular atrophy convince you that maybe you should look elsewhere for solutions to your problem .
Once you 've reached that point in your life , come back here again and I 'll be more than happy to help you out .
Moving on ...
Testosterone Boosters
I 'm going to kick this off with the 2 most important words written on this entire page .
Supplement Cycling !
Here 's my warning to you , my friend ...
Cycle your supplements DAILY , without fail , or you 'll just be throwing your cash down the drain .
And why do I say that ?
Because if you take ANY supplement too often , your body will instantly build up tolerance , and that product will stop working entirely .
This is the key point to remember here ... the " Game Changer " that will alter the way you look at your hormone supplements for life .
Let me demonstrate with an example you 'll probably be able to relate to ...
Have you ever purchased a testosterone booster , and felt great the first day you took it ?
Elevated mood , increased sex drive , tons of energy and motivation , etc , etc .
Then ...
When you went back to take it again on day two all that good stuff was nowhere to be found ?
This happened because you failed to cycle your supplement !
We 'll get into this more in a moment , but first let 's talk about the specifics of cycling .
Here 's how you do it ...
Take each testosterone booster for one day , and one day only , then ... cycle off that T - Booster for a MINIMUM of 7 days before you take it again !
That 's it !
It 's not difficult , hard , or complicated ... it's actually really , really easy to do !
But strangely enough , some guys just do n't get it .
Which brings me directly to disclaimer number 2 ( sorry folks , but this has to be done ) .
If for some reason you do not understand the concept above , or are not willing to do it , please leave this page now .
The LAST thing I want is for you to order one supplement , take it 36 days in a row , then email me , complaining that it does n't work .
I 'm tired of getting emails like this !
If you can't or will not cycle , move on please , there 's nothing to see here .
OTC Testosterone Boosters !
OK , if you 've made it this far , you 're obviously an intelligent person , so I bet you 're asking yourself the following question ...
If I can only take my supplement one day a week , how do I handle the other six days ?
That 's the easy part !
You keep 7 on hand at all times , and cycle each , once every seven days .
This will keep your body guessing and off balance at all times , so it does n't have time to develop tolerance , ever .
Follow this simple plan , and you 'll be rewarded with a powerful hormonal surge each and every time you use one of your supplements .
And what about the cost ?
Here 's the beauty of all this .
Compared to the medical alternatives , these supplements are DIRT cheap !
( Less than the cost of a doctors visit and a trip to Walgreens to fill a prescription ) .
And ...
Since you 're only taking each product once every seven days , the supplements will last for weeks and weeks at a time .
You 'll find info on the products I 'm using now just below ....
Important Update !
Our primary supplier now is Superman Herbs .
If you sign up for their newsletter , you 'll get 15 % off your first order .
Get the Discount Here
Just keep in mind that Superman buys in small quantities so the herbs do n't sit on the shelf too long and lose their potency .
Because of this , they frequently run out of stock , especially of our main T - Booster bundle .
If they are out of stock , you have two options ...
Order the Physician Formulas Bundle described in detail below or order this Smaller Bundle from Superman Herbs to get started , then order the rest when they 're back in stock .
Before we wrap up ...
A quick note about lower quality supplements that can be found on ebay and other websites ...
In most cases you wo n't get enough of the actual herb to benefit when using cheap encapsulated products .
But with bulk herb , you can really play with the dosages , which I suggest you do .
So stick with these exact products , because they 've all been tested by me and thousands of my site visitors , and you 'll be good to go .
End Update !
Superman Herbs
Finally , if you 'd like to use our old supplier , you 'll find the details below .... Physician Formulas , has agreed to offer a discount along with free US shipping to my site visitors .
This is due to the large amount of traffic I 've been sending them over the last 5 years .
If you can afford to buy all 7 products as a bundle ( Highly Recommended ) , navigate to THIS PAGE , and you 'll save yourself some money .
With apologies to Kermit the frog , turns out it can also be sleazy being green .
People who buy goods perceived to be morally good are more likely to go on to lie , cheat and steal , according to a study by researchers at University of Toronto 's Rotman School of Management .
Nina Mazar and Chen - Bo Zhong , inspired by a shared interest in green living and an appreciation of how the human mind can justify bad behaviour , found that people who are simply exposed to green products behave more altruistically than people who purchase the products .
Before any green - bashing begins , the authors stress that the point of the study was not to finger green consumers , but to demonstrate that buying anything seen as morally good may make you feel better but may also give you a licence to behave badly – and , as this study found , in ways completely unrelated to the " good " behaviour .
" It 's almost like a zero - sum game going on , and it 's unclear how much of it are we really aware of , " says Mazar , an assistant marketing professor .
" It seems to be so ingrained into our human nature . "
The study , titled Do Green Products Make Us Better People ?
and to be published in an upcoming issue of Psychological Science , used U of T students as guinea pigs , and the researchers conducted three separate experiments to make their point .
In experiment number one , a survey determined that the students believe people who buy green products to be more cooperative , altruistic and ethical than people who bought non-green products .
In step two , an online browsing and shopping experiment involving two stores stacked with either green or conventional products , combined with a seemingly unrelated " dictator " game that allowed each player to choose how much of $ 6 provided he or she would share with an unseen person in a room next door , produced expected yet counterintuitive results .
Those who had browsed the store that contained more green products but had made no purchases shared more money than those who had browsed the store with conventional products , but this result flipped for those who had bought from the green store .
They shared less money than those who bought from the conventional store .
In the third experiment – and this is where the lying , cheating and stealing comes in – students were seated at computer terminals with envelopes containing $ 5 in loose change .
They were then randomly assigned to make purchases in either the conventional or the green store .
Then , they were given a seemingly unrelated computer perception task where they would see , for just a second , 20 dots scattered inside a box , divided by a diagonal line .
They were then told to pick the side that had more dots .
Students were told they'd be paid 5 cents for each trial in which they identified more dots on the right side of the dividing line , and only a half a cent for those that they identified as having more dots on the left .
During a monitored " test " trial , students discovered the game paid out according to the side that had been chosen , regardless of whether they had chosen correctly or not .
The money round had 90 trials .
At the end of the run , the amount earned was calculated on the computer screen and they were then told to take that amount from the envelope in front of them .
Those who had bought from the conventional store lied and cheated significantly less than the green store shoppers , who were more likely to pick the high - paying side , regardless of where the dots were .
Finally , the researchers counted the change left in the envelopes and found the green buyers outdid the conventional buyers at pocketing more than the computer calculated they had earned .
On average , the green buyers left with an extra 83 cents in their pockets .
Mazar is n't sure how this new study , which demonstrates that buying something good can make you bad , will apply to her chosen field of marketing , but says it raises bigger questions about human behaviour and how to undo it , which may prove quite tricky , since this is all quite human .
" It 's a very fine line that can change the behaviour in the opposite direction , " she says .
" It 's actually quite a challenge .
How can we help people to actually behave in line with their moral values , and to not fall into this licensing mode that can happen ? "
Has Mazar ever caught herself engaging in the sort of behaviour she studies ?
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
No , she says , but then wonders how one could be sure of such a thing .
" I want to think of myself as a moral human being and with high moral values .
If I were to engage in something that is a little bit less moral , I 'm sure I would find all kinds of justifications that make it so that it does n't feel so bad , " she says .
" Humans have a lot of tricks to deal with such situations when they are tempted to be dishonest or selfish .
" It makes us very interesting , " she says .
" It 's nothing bad .
It 's just how it is . "
A 30 - second commercial promoting Chinese - made products debuted on the Cable News Network ( CNN ) earlier this week , the media monitoring website www.media.com reported on last Wednesday .
The report says the ad is Chinese government 's first ever branding campaign .
The ad is expected to be run on CNN in major overseas markets , including North America .
With the tagline ' Made in China .
Made with the world ' and highlighting the way Chinese companies co-operate with overseas firms to produce high - quality goods , the commercial shows a series of products , including an IPod - like MP3 player , a fashion shoot , and a refrigerator bearing the text ' Made in China with European styling ' .
The ad was created by DDB Guoan in Beijing .
A statement from DDB Guoan said that the ad was commissioned by the Ministry of Commerce in partnership with four industry groups : the China Advertising Association of Commerce , the China Chamber of Commerce for Import and Export of Machinery and Electronic Products , the China Chamber of Commerce for Import and Export of Light Industrial Products and Arts - Crafts , and the China Chamber of Commerce for Import and Export of Textiles .
Teachers at a Toronto school are preparing to handle difficult questions from students Monday morning after a teacher committed suicide while facing four sex- related charges from his time as a camp counsellor .
David Dewees , 32 , laid down on the subway tracks in front of an oncoming train shortly after 8 a.m. Saturday at High Park station , to the horror of a number of onlookers .
Dewees , a teacher at Jarvis Collegiate , was arrested last Thursday and charged with two counts of invitation to sexual touching and two counts of luring .
He was suspended from the school when the charges came to light .
He had been released on $ 25,000 bail after a court appearance on Friday under orders not to go onto the Internet and to stay away from children .
" This is unexpected and very troubling news for staff and students , " said Andrea Alimi , a superintendent at the Toronto District School Board .
The school board is bringing in social workers and psychologists to help students handle the death .
More than 300 people have joined a Facebook group in his memory started by students at the school .
Many expressed sadness and anger and left positive comments saying Dewees was a funny , inspirational teacher who managed to make even dull subjects interesting .
Toronto police alleged Dewees befriended two boys under the age of 16 when he was a counselor at the Ontario Pioneer Camp in Port Sydney , and had inappropriate contact with them over the Internet between July 2008 and July 2009 .
Dewees had volunteered at the Christian camp , which is located southwest of Huntsville , since 1997 .
He had taught Latin and English to Grade 10 students at Jarvis Collegiate since 2003 .
None of the charges were related to contact with students at the school .
The TTC says suicide is a sensitive issue and they will not reveal how many people end their lives in the TTC system every year .
The system does work with hospitals and grief counselors to help traumatized employees who witness a suicide .
The new Spadina subway extension will have necessary equipment needed in case the TTC wants to install barriers preventing people from committing suicide on the tracks , but barriers could cost hundreds of millions of dollars .
Police tell CTV that Dewees ' death is still considered an active investigation and are forwarding all calls to the Sex Crimes Unit .
Trevor Ngwane .
By Trevor Ngwane
November 19 , 2009 --
There is an ecological crisis in the world and this crisis can be traced to capitalism .
There is deforestation due to the trade in timber .
There is climate change due to unsafe production methods .
The working class is the class that suffers the most from the ecological crisis .
Working - class people are in the majority and their life conditions make them more vulnerable .
Workers live in flimsy houses and shacks that are easily washed or swept away by strong rains and winds .
When workers are sick or injured there is always not enough medical help for them .
Over the years not enough attention has been paid to this problem by socialists .
What is worse is that some people who call themselves socialists have added to the ecological crisis , for example , the Soviet Union was responsible for one of the biggest nuclear accidents in human history in Chernobyl .
The Chinese Communist Party continues to supervise the destruction of nature through its single - minded and ruthless adoption of capitalist production methods .
The distortions of Marxism and socialism whereby the values and standards of capitalism are adopted and pursued by “ socialist states ” needs challenging if we are to fight against the destruction of the environment by capitalism .
In the 20th century it was Stalin with his theory of “ socialism in one country ” and the resultant imperative to compete with and match the West in productive and destructive capacity .
He succeeded somewhat but in the process exploited and enslaved the very working class in whose name he ruled .
In the 21st century we have to disagree with Hugo Chavez ’s “ petro- socialism ” because the production of more oil might yield more petro - dollars but it means more carbon emissions .
Human beings are part of nature and socialism is humanistic .
In today ’s world this means there can be no genuine socialism unless it has an ecological component .
To emphasise this some people have come up with the term “ ecosocialism ” .
Other comrades have resisted this on the grounds that socialism is inherently ecological .
Fine .
I think that if calling it ecosocialism will focus our minds on the issue at hand then it is fine for socialists to embrace this new concept or use it when necessary .
Remember the debate about “ democratic socialism ” ?
It was about the need to emphasise the democratic nature of socialism in the light of its distortions by “ Marxist ” dictators .
The failure of socialists to take a serious interest in ecological issues has two dangers .
The first one is that after the Earth has been destroyed there wo n’t be a world where we can build socialism .
The second danger is that “ market environmentalism ” will take over , thus sidelining socialists and ultimately leading to the destruction of nature including human beings .
“ Market environmentalism ” is the attempt to solve the ecological crisis without questioning the profit system – capitalism .
The end result is that ordinary people think something is being done when in fact the problem gets worse .
For example , the 1992 Kyoto Protocol deal adopted carbon trading as a mechanism for reducing carbon emissions .
But since that day carbon emissions have increased and not decreased in the world .
Another example is that of recycling .
Many people do this but most of it does not help to reduce the problem because the same companies that pollute are often involved in the cycle of recycling .
The ecological crisis is an opportunity for socialists to reach wider layers of people because the environment affects everyone .
Also , the ecological crisis can only be solved if the profit motive is severely restricted or eliminated altogether .
Capitalism is incapable of solving the ecological crisis because it is the main culprit .
Socialists can point this out in concrete ways and make concrete demands that are transitional in nature ; drawing in more and more people and forcing the capitalists to either capitulate or show their true colours .
Already some capitalists are sponsoring a denialist message and getting exposed in the process .
The obstacles to socialists embracing the ecological struggle are the following :
The historical distortions of ( what is ) socialism .
No tradition of taking up environmental issues or ignorance about these traditions e.g. the less known revolutionary anti-nuke movement .
Viewing environmental issues as “ liberal ” or “ reformist ” or “ soft ” e.g. the much ridiculed “ save the whales ” campaign , the disparaging if humorous reference to “ tree huggers ” .
Allowing the adherents of liberal ideology to define and appropriate environmental issues and struggles e.g.
Greenpeace , “ we are the experts ” , “ it is our issue ” , a kind of division of labour in the struggle .
Ignorance by socialists of the seriousness , gravity and nature of the ecological crisis .
For example : as a socialist do you know what exactly caused the tsunami ?
The socialist / communist vision
Workers produce all the wealth .
With their hands they make the things we need in order to live .
They do this together .
Collective production is the foundation of modern existence .
Imagine if workers not only produced but also organised and controlled production , that is , instead of the bosses controlling and owning the wealth it was workers cooperating with each other in order to produce the things that they need .
Imagine how this would allow the basic needs of everyone to be met .
Life would be much better and happier .
There would be no reason for anyone to oppress or dominate anyone because people , together , would control their lives and make sure that , through their direct control , no one is allowed to dominate , control , oppress or exploit anyone else .
When that happens then people would become the best that they can be – and not the worst that capitalism makes them to be ( competitive , aggressive and basically sub- human ) .
Socialism , by getting rid of the bosses ’s system and private property , by reuniting producers to the means of production , lays the real possibility of society advancing to communism , the happy society without classes .
In the 21st century , into this vision we must inject eco-awareness , what Joel Kovel calls “ ecocentrism ” , that is , respect for the world ’s ecology .
Joel Kovel 's book The Enemy of Nature is essential reading .
We need to take active steps to address the global ecological crisis by , at a conceptual level , stopping to regard ecosystems as mere commodities to be exploited for profit .
Nature is not the “ environment out there ” but rather -- as Jacklyn Cock has cogently argued in her book , The War Against Ourselves : Nature , Power And Justice : Nature , Power and Justice -- human beings are part of nature .
Kovel argues that we need “ ecocentric ” production processes rather than capitalism ’s profit - driven production .
Kovel calls for a struggle to replace the capitalist mode of production with ecosocialism .
He defines this new mode of production in this way :
Ecosocialism [ is ] that society in which production is carried out by freely associated labour and with consciously ecocentric means and ends .
Some ideas on the way forward
To avoid losing the reader ’s attention and to be as clear and short as possible I have organised this section in point form :
Socialists need to explore carefully the notion of ecosocialism .
In this respect we must engage with Joel Kovel ’s writing on the subject , among others .
We are fortunate in that he will be giving talks in South Africa very soon .
Those who can must attend his talks , and if possible record them so that they can be shared with a wider audience of socialists .
I think it is important to call on all socialist groups to include the ecological crisis and the ecosocialism in theory discussions and in study groups .
Social movement and trade union education and discussion should be asked to do the same .
Left intellectuals with access to students and the thinking public should expound these ideas and engage the masses .
Ordinary people need to put their stamp on our vision of a future ecosocialist society .
We ( socialists and other progressives ) need to encourage the social movements , trade unions , youth and other mass organisations that we work with to take up environmental struggles .
We need to identify issues and campaigns that can help the working class learn more about the ecological crisis .
This will involve taking up new issues or identifying an ecological component in present struggles .
Some examples of such issues and possible struggles are the following :
- The fight against ESKOM [ South Africa 's electricity commission ] building more coal power stations to make electricity .
-
The promotion of the development and use of renewable energy as opposed to fossil fuels .
-
The struggle against dumping that is harmful to the environment and the people e.g. fighting for proper garbage collection and cleaning of open spaces in townships and informal settlements .
-
The fight against pollution e.g. Iscor on the Vaal , Engen in south Durban , the burning of industrial tyres on the East Rand , etc. -
The fight against capitalist marketing that promotes destructive mass consumption -
The fight against the use of the private car and the struggle for adequate and affordable public transport .
The left must develop a set of demands that can unify the struggle around the ecological crisis .
We need to popularise our perspective and demands through slogans e.g .
Keep the oil in the soil !
Keep the coal in the hole !
Keep the tarsands on the land !
The left must link up with environmental groups e.g. the newly formed Environmental Justice Now !
South African chapter .
We need to demystify and simplify environmentalism and ecocentrism in order to couch it in workers ’ language and align it to workers ’ concerns .
We need to include ecological issues and demands in left platforms e.g. the Socialist Green Coalition election platform in the last elections and the call by the Conference for a Democratic Left .
We need to produce a generic / seminal pamphlet on the environment and the socialist approach to the ecological crisis .
Such a pamphlet should explain eco-socialism in a practical way which links it with current struggles in the country and the world .
Conclusion
This very brief paper has set out to explain the basic argument why socialists should take up environmental issues and why there is a need to systematise this into a vision of ecosocialism .
It is short in order to be read and understood quickly .
There are many aspects which have been left out , for example , an assessment of the idea of the ``commons ' ' and how this can be construed to be an advance on the “ human rights discourse ” .
Another important discussion left out is the current global economic crisis which the great Immanuel Wallerstein , who recently toured South Africa , suggests has announced the death knell of capitalism .
In writing this I tried to avoid preaching to the converted ; my imagined target audience is “ a fresh mind ” , say , a young person still learning the ABC of the struggle , or an older comrade who has been too busy struggling on the ground to give much thought to these issues .
To such comrades I say : the time has come to take up the struggle to save the Earth and to safeguard nature from capitalist destruction and its structured ignorance .
Animals and plants are part of nature .
Human beings are also part of nature , they too inhabit the Earth .
We need a vision of a world where humans , animals , plants , forests , rivers , mountains , valleys and all other aspects of nature live harmoniously together .
We cannot turn the clock back to the idyllic and uncomplicated stage of primitive communism .
But we can embrace the idea of ecosocialism and struggle to realise it practically in order to advance to communism – the classless society .
[ This is a slightly edited version of a paper presented to the Rosa Luxemburg Foundation conference , `` The Global Crisis and Africa : Struggles for Alternatives ' ' , Randburg , South Africa , November 19 , 2009 .
It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with Trevor Ngwane 's permission . ]
Tyler Juett , 17 , died in hospital from stab wounds
A man has been charged with murdering a 17 - year - old who was stabbed after breaking into a house in Nottingham .
Omari Roberts is accused of stabbing Tyler Juett , 17 , and a 14 - year - old as they broke into the house in Heathfield Road , Old Basford , on 13 March .
Mr Juett , of Aspley , died later at Nottingham 's Queen 's Medical Centre .
The Crown Prosecution Service said 23 - year - old Mr Roberts ' alleged actions were " not reasonable " and he should face prosecution .
As well as the murder charge , Mr Roberts , of Heathfield Road in Old Basford , Nottingham , is accused of wounding with intent .
He appeared at Nottingham Magistrates '
Court earlier and was sent for trial at the city 's crown court , where he is due to appear on 10 November , a court official said .
Mr Juett 's 14 - year - old companion , who cannot be identified , pleaded guilty to burglary at Nottingham Youth Court on 14 May and was sentenced to two years ' detention .
By Fergus Walsh
Health correspondent , BBC News
Tamiflu is used to treat swine flu Health officials say a Tamiflu - resistant strain of swine flu has spread between hospital patients .
Five patients on a unit treating people with severe underlying health conditions at the University Hospital of Wales , Cardiff , were infected .
Three appear to have acquired the infection in hospital .
They are thought to be the first confirmed cases of person - to - person transmission of a Tamiflu - resistant strain in the world .
There have been several dozen reports around the world of people developing resistance to Tamiflu while taking the drug - but they have not passed on the strain to others .
Just one possible case of person - to - person transmission of a resistant strain has been recorded - between two people at a US summer camp - and this has never been confirmed .
Two of the University Hospital of Wales patients have recovered and have been discharged from hospital ; one is in critical care and two are being treated on the ward .
The health officials stressed there was no risk to anyone else .
They said tests were being carried out to confirm exactly what happened .
The UK has bought enough doses of Tamiflu , which can shorten the duration of swine flu and reduce the risk of complications , for half the population .
Serious concern
So any spread of a Tamiflu - resistant strain of the illness is a serious public health concern .
The H1N1 virus has been remarkably stable since it emerged in April , but virologists had been half expecting new resistant strains to emerge .
Dr Roland Salmon , director of the National Public Health Service for Wales ' Communicable Disease Surveillance Centre , said : " The emergence of influenza A viruses that are resistant to Tamiflu is not unexpected in patients with serious underlying conditions and suppressed immune systems , who still test positive for the virus despite treatment .
" In this case , the resistant strain of swine flu does not appear to be any more severe than the swine flu virus that has been circulating since April . "
Dr Tony Jewell , Chief Medical Officer for Wales , said : " We know that people with suppressed immune systems are more susceptible to the swine flu virus , which is why they are a priority group under the first phase of the vaccination programme in Wales which is progressing at pace .
" We have stringent processes in place for monitoring for antiviral resistance in the UK so that we can spot resistance early and the causes can be investigated and the cases managed .
" Identifying these cases shows that our systems are working so patients should be reassured .
" Treatment with Tamiflu is still appropriate for swine flu and people should continue to take Tamiflu when they are prescribed it .
" It 's also important that good hygiene practices are followed to further prevent the spread of the virus . "
Professor Peter Openshaw , a respiratory physician at Imperial College London , said of the spread : " It 's not surprising that this has happened , indeed it has always been anticipated " .
Dr Ronald Cutler , deputy director of biomedical science at Queen Mary , University of London , said : " Shortening the time taken to produce new vaccines and improving the methods to control and treat the disease while vaccines are being made would be a way forward " .
On Thursday it was announced that more than three million healthy children under five across the UK will be offered the swine flu jab .
Figures released on Thursday showed an estimated 53,000 new cases of swine flu in England in the last week , down from 64,000 in the week before .
In Scotland , the figure was 21,200 , down from about 21,500 in the previous seven days .
The rate of flu - like illnesses diagnosed by GPs in Wales dropped to 36 cases for every 100,000 people from 65.8 the previous week .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What would appear to be a natural -- a Manny Pacquiao - Floyd Mayweather Jr. super fight -- might not be .
Egos , greed and grudges could get in the way .
“ It ’s a simple negotiation , ” Ross Greenburg , HBO Sports president , said minutes after Pacquiao knocked down welterweight world champion Miguel Cotto twice en route to a 12th - round technical knockout Saturday .
“ There ’s so much money to be made .
If it does n’t happen , there ’ll be a revolt .
Nothing else is acceptable , and I ’m speaking on behalf of the American public and the sport itself . ”
But obstacles exist .
Will the rich rivals fight over who gets more than a 50 % cut of the purse ?
Of course .
Can Mayweather and Bob Arum , Pacquiao ’s promoter , set aside their deep personal dislike ?
Perhaps .
Richard Schaefer , the Golden Boy Promotions chief executive who has promoted Mayweather ’s last three fights , expressed confidence that he’d be able to work with Arum to make a Mayweather - Pacquiao fight .
Schaefer told The Times he planned to speak today with Mayweather and Arum .
Pacquiao said , “ It ’s my job to fight .
It ’s my promoter ’s job to pick the fight . ”
Said Schaefer : “ Bob and me -- how often have we failed to make a big fight ? ”
Yet , that deal is expected to require a diplomatic effort on a scale usually reserved for the State Department .
Mayweather ( 40 - 0 , 25 knockouts ) formerly fought for Arum ’s promotional company Top Rank after being an Olympian but left , saying he felt obscured by the popularity of former stablemate Oscar De La Hoya .
The mega paydays that followed , against De La Hoya , Ricky Hatton and Juan Manuel Marquez , have emboldened the unbeaten star ’s public statements that Arum shorts his fighters , including Pacquiao ( 50- 3 - 2 , 38 KOs ) .
Arum bluntly said this week that a deal will not hinge on whether he likes Mayweather -- “ and I do n’t , ” he said .
Pacquiao , usually polite , this month directed some verbal blows at Mayweather , saying he does n’t think the fight will happen because of Mayweather ’s attitude .
“ I ’m sure he does n’t want to fight me , ” Pacquiao said .
“ With Floyd , boxing is like a business .
He does n’t care about the people around him watching .
He does n’t care if the fight is boring .
As long as the fight is over and he gets the money , it ’s good .
I want the people to be happy .
If I was in the audience , I ’m going to watch the boxing because it ’s a good fight . ”
Mayweather has n’t launched back , but he does strongly believe he ’s the world ’s best fighter and has made it pretty clear he deserves the larger purse .
He was considered the world ’s top pound - for - pound fighter before retiring for more than a year and watching Pacquiao seize the title with the battering of De La Hoya , Hatton and Cotto .
Cotto went to the hospital after suffering facial cuts in the loss but said he planned to fight again , with possible foes being Shane Mosley or Antonio Margarito .
As for Pacquiao - Mayweather .
. . .
“ All we can do is try to encourage both sides to sit at a table and hammer out a deal , ” said Greenburg , who likened the situation to the 1971 deal between Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier , when Ali returned from boxing exile to face the champion Frazier .
They settled on a 50 - 50 purse split of $ 5 million , Greenburg said .
Why not 50 - 50 again , with so much cash available ?
Mayweather and Pacquiao have displayed tremendous greed .
Pacquiao kept asking for more money to fight Hatton in May until the Hatton camp nearly walked .
Now , Pacquiao probably will be able to say his fight with Cotto easily surpassed Mayweather ’s million - seller against Juan Manuel Marquez in September .
But Schaefer already has a reply .
“ How did Pacquiao - Marquez do versus Mayweather - Marquez ?
How did Pacquiao - Oscar do versus Floyd - Oscar ? ”
Schaefer said , well aware of the disparity .
Greenburg made it clear : “ Floyd ’s calling the shots for this fight to happen . ”
And Arum ’s matchmaker at Top Rank , Bruce Trampler , said it ’s naive to believe intangibles like “ the good of boxing ” will influence the deal .
“ This has nothing to do with that , ” Trampler said .
“ These are two businessmen who are going to do what ’s best for themselves . ”
Said Schaefer : “ Getting them together is a mega - fight that has to be made .
We ’d all have to be morons to not let this happen . ”
lance.pugmire@latimes.com
Team Germany 's winning " Cube House " featured silicon and thin - film solar panels on all visible sides of the house .
The design 's solar panel operates a toy on the front porch of the home .
Credit : Stefano Paltera / U.S. Department of Energy Solar Decathlon
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Rain did n't ruin the 2009 Solar Decathlon in Washington , D.C. University teams successfully operated 20 net - zero , grid - connected solar power homes for a week on the National Mall .
Some used more power - generating solar panels ; others relied on energy efficiency strategies .
The winner was clean energy .
Rain usually spoils a solar power contest .
But three days of showers — and thin - film photovoltaic technology — actually helped Team Germany win the 2009 U.S. Department of Energy 's Solar Decathlon .
Team Germany 's Cube House was one of the most technologically advanced among the 20 clean energy prototype designs on the National Mall .
Every exposed face of the building was covered with power - generating panels .
On the roof : a 11.1 - kW photovoltaic ( PV ) system of 40 monocrystalline silicon panels .
On the sides : 250 thin - film panels that look like glossy clapboards .
The thin films used copper - indium - gallium - diselenide layers , or CIGS .
The combination system was expected to produce 200 percent of the energy needed by the house .
The thin film panels , while less efficient than conventional silicon , were projected to perform better in cloudy weather than silicon .
Team Germany got its proof on the competition 's fifth day when skies turned slate gray and a cold rain splattered the solar village .
By late afternoon , as federal commuters started streaming home and electricity demand throughout the city began climbing , the Team Germany house was producing 12.68 kW and consuming 12.33 kW , for a net export of .35 kW .
Team Illinois ' house finished a close second , emphasizing energy efficiency over power production .
" Team Germany built a gingerbread house packed with solar panels , " said Richard King , DOE Solar Decathlon director .
" In the rain , the thin - film panels were making electricity .
It made the difference . "
NREL Manages the Decathlon
NREL has managed the biannual Solar Decathlon for DOE since the contest 's inception eight years ago .
Selection of the 20 university teams from North America and Europe begins two years before the actual competition .
The Laboratory sent 30 people to run the week - long contest on the National Mall , including installation of the homes with trucks and cranes , connecting them to Washington 's municipal power grid , running the judged contests and monitoring the home 's continual performance .
NREL senior engineer Byron Stafford has managed the Decathlon 's technical systems since its inception eight years ago .
Jamming his floppy blue beach hat over his ears and sloshing through deep muddy puddles , Stafford made a beeline for the Team Germany house to confirm the data his equipment was reporting .
" I can't believe they are net exporting in this weather ! "
Stafford said .
" That 's totally cool .
It 's reflective of where the world has gone . "
Glowing with Grid-Connected Power
Inside the Cube House , a wall - mounted control panel showed each side of the house and the roof glowing with power production , even as digital readouts showed appliances and the climate system consuming power by the second .
Team Germany was relaxing around the dining room table in shirtsleeves , relying on dim natural twilight seeping through windows .
" Every 15 minutes I check our systems and what the other homes are doing , " Team Germany electrical engineer Andreas Schreiber explained .
" Today the light is indirect , so every side of the house is making power . "
Being grid - connected and exporting power was the most notable change in the 2009 contest .
In previous years , the homes ' solar panels charged batteries to power the homes ' lighting and appliances .
NREL 's Sara Farrar - Nagy , who is the Decathlon 's project manager , compared the event to building a new high - tech subdivision overnight in one of the world 's most iconic and supervised locations — between the U.S. Capitol and the Washington Monument and across from the Smithsonian Institution 's " Castle " headquarters .
Complicating the Laboratory 's efforts was the local utility 's older transmission network that , like most municipal power grids , was established decades ago to deliver power to customers , but it was not built for two - way power flows .
" One house pushing power back onto the grid is no big deal , " Farrar - Nagy said .
" But on sunny days this week , all of the homes were exporting power .
It was a quirky challenge .
Building a grid - connected contest is a real accomplishment . "
Beneath the Washington Monument at sunset , energy - efficient lighting illuminates the solar - powered Virginia Tech house during the U.S. Department of Energy Solar Decathlon 2009 on the National Mall in Washington , D.C. Credit : Stefano Paltera / U.S. Department of Energy Solar Decathlon
Real World , Zero Energy
In the Decathlon , 20 teams of college and university students compete to design , build , and operate the most attractive , effective , and energy - efficient solar - powered house .
In addition to educating the next generation of renewable energy engineers , architects and green builders , the Solar Decathlon is intended to propel solar energy and energy efficient products into the marketplace and to demonstrate to the potential of zero energy homes .
Some of the homes in the competition already have been sold or donated for public and private use .
The Rice University " ZeRow House " is scheduled to be relocated to that city 's Third Ward in cooperation with Project Row House , a non-profit .
The Rice House finished eighth in the competition , but at about $ 200,000 , it cost one - quarter of the Team Germany 's winning design .
It emphasizes skylights over windows and reduces the house 's total energy use for lighting fixtures to the equivalent of three 100 - watt light bulbs .
The PV system is rated at 4.2 kW — a fraction of the German system , but is appropriately sized for the expected load of the house .
" The Rice team did amazing things with limited lighting and no windows on three sides , " Farrar - Nagy said .
" It 's a testament to what is possible .
A real family is going to live in that house in Houston . "
Today 's Students Explore Their Future Homes
More than 200,000 people visited Decathlon homes this year — including Energy Secretary Steven Chu , members of Congress and other dignitaries , as well as thousands of schoolchildren .
Even on rainy days , visitors with umbrellas waited for 30 minutes outside each of the homes .
Parkland Middle Magnet School of Rockville , Md. , closed for a day so it could send all 700 of its students to tour the Decathlon homes .
The students split into small groups to interview university team hosts and complete homework assignments .
The middle school students were drawn to the prominent flat - screen TVs , sliding room dividers and touchpad controls for lighting and climate systems .
Predictably , they skipped past the energy - efficient laundry centers .
At the Ohio State University house , students pointed to juxtaposition of century - old reclaimed barn siding with new silicon solar panels that are not encased in a sealed frame .
With the backside of the panels exposed , sunlight reflects off the home 's white roof to the cells and generates up to 4 percent additional power .
" When I grow up I think this is going to be like my college dorm room , " said Joi Rice , 11 .
" I like this house because I can watch the TV while I 'm in bed , " said Andy Zhang , 12 .
" The California house , because it was more spacious , " said Sayer Sampson , 12 .
" I think it looks better . "
" I already live in a small home so this would be OK , " said Lilly Diaz , 11 .
" I like the touch pads . "
2009 Solar Decathlon House Rules :
• Maintain an average indoor temperature of 72°F - 76 °F ( 22°C - 24°C )
• Maintain humidity of 40 % - 55 % .
• 800 square feet
• Wash and dry 10 loads of laundry during the contest
• Operate refrigerator and freezer between 40 degrees and minus - 5F .
• Run dishwasher during contest
• Run the television 6 hours per day
• Cook and host an evening dinner party
More information : Learn more about the U.S. Department of Energy Solar Decathlon .
Provided by NREL
Explore further Solar Home Built by Students
Weather forecast is getting iffy for Saturday
By Steve Frothingham
Armstrong has his eye on the win … and the record .
Photo : vastaction.com
Lance Armstrong is hoping a strong field will help deliver him to a victory in record time at this Saturday ’s Leadville Trail 100 in Colorado .
The Astana rider told VeloNews Thursday that while he has n’t recruited a team for the race , his sponsor Trek has sent a squad to Leadville , including former pro Travis Brown .
Armstrong is looking to them and to other top riders to drive the pace in the first 45 miles or so of the out - and - back course .
“ I ’d like to see as many strong guys as possible .
It ’s good for the race , it ’s good for the guys who want to go fast and want to beat the record , and want to really beat the record , ” he said .
Top riders expected
Besides Armstrong , Brown and defending champ Dave Wiens , other top riders include MonaVie - Cannondale ’s Tinker Juarez and cyclocrosser and Fort Lewis College cycling coach Matt Shriver .
MonaVie - Cannondale ’s Jeremiah Bishop is registered but not expected because of his injuries at the Intermontane Challenge last month .
Shriver and Brown were late entrants made at Trek ’s request , race director Ken Chlouber told VeloNews .
I would expect Dave to sit on .
I mean , if it ’s just he and I , I would expect him to work … Lance Armstrong
Chlouber said he also allowed in a late entry at Armstrong ’s request : Len Zanni , who finished third behind Armstrong and Jay Henry at the Colorado mountain bike championships last week .
Zanni told VeloNews that he was racing for himself , not as a pacer , at Leadville .
“ If I am part of the lead group , then great , but I ’m going to try pretty hard to ride my own race , ” he said .
Manuel Prado ( Sho - Air - Specialized ) , third place last year , has been training at altitude in Aspen for more than a week and is looking for a better ride this year .
But Prado has ridden with Armstrong this week and said he does not expect to beat him .
“ He ’s basically not my race , he is so strong .
He is going to be very hard to beat from my perspective . ”
Also racing will be Max Taam , a frequent Armstrong riding partner in Aspen who finished sixth last year .
Improving on last year
Last year the pace was relatively mellow in the first half — reaching the Twin Lakes feed zone at mile 45 about three minutes slower than the year before — yet Armstrong and race winner Dave Wiens worked together in the second half to break the previous course record by 13 minutes , setting a new mark of 6:45:45 .
Armstrong figures if he can ride the first half faster this year , a sub - 6 hour winning time is within reach .
“ To be honest , I have n’t actively recruited anybody , ” to help set the pace , Armstrong said .
“ But Trek has riders who will be here … if Trek wants to put fast riders in the race , it ’s not bad for me . ”
“ If you have a group of guys who can work together — and that ’s a big if — we could go under six hours . ”
It ’s a big if because the race starts with several stiff climbs that could shatter the front of the field before it hits the flatter road sections where a paceline would work .
Armstrong said that if a group of strong riders does come together to trade pace in the first half , he would n’t expect his chief rival Wiens to take pulls .
“ I would expect Dave to sit on .
I mean , if it ’s just he and I , I would expect him to work , but if there is a big group working together , it would be mutually beneficial .
We all benefit from a deeper field . ”
Wiens ready for anything
Seven - time winner
Wiens said he ’s looking forward to seeing a different kind of race this year .
“ I do n’t mind seeing the race at the front evolve into something more tactical .
The course lends itself to that , ” he said Thursday .
The always - modest Wiens said he is in comparable form to last year , but said if the pace is brutal from the start , he might not be able to hold on .
“ I could be in time trial mode the whole way , ” he said .
Wiens picked Brown — a former rival on the NORBA and World Cup circuits in the 1990s — as a favorite .
‘ Every man for himself ’
The opportunity to use team tactics disappears after the Twin Lakes station , when the race starts up the Columbine Mine climb , the hardest ascent on the course , to the turn - around point at 12,600 feet .
“ Once you are midway up Columbine , it ’s every man for himself , ” Armstrong said .
Armstrong , coming off his third place in the Tour de France , could take huge time out of anybody on the Columbine climb , but that would leave him alone with 50 miles to the finish .
“ If you could get someone over Columbine with you , that would be best , ” he said .
That concern may be why Armstrong conceded that he did , in fact , recruit one rider for Leadville : his Astana teammate Levi Leipheimer .
But Leipheimer is still recovering from his broken wrist suffered at the Tour de France .
“ Levi faked his broken wrist so I would n’t wipe his ass at Leadville , ” Armstrong joked .
VeloNews.com and Singletrack.com will have a big crew at Leadville Saturday – reporting , shooting pictures and video and , in a few cases , racing .
Follow along at twitter.com/singletrack_com .
In the meantime , enjoy this video from the 2008 race by our friends at superhumanmag.com .
< param name = " movie " value= " http://www.youtube.com/v/6m2fi2_o-dg&hl=en&fs=1&rel=0
“ > < embed src= " http://www.youtube.com/v/6m2fi2_o-dg&hl=en&fs=1&rel=0 ” type=” application/x-shockwave-flash ” allowscriptaccess=” always ” allowfullscreen=” true ” width = ” 560 ″ height = ” 340 ″ >
Earth rings : A clue to climate change ?
SANDIA NATIONAL LABORATORIES NEWS RELEASE
Posted : September 16 , 2002
Rings around the earth ?
While most of us know about rings around Saturn and Jupiter , some scientists believe there once were rings of rock debris around our own planet .
Two scientists - Peter J. Fawcett , of the University of New Mexico , and Mark B.E. Boslough , of the U.S. Department of Energy 's Sandia National Laboratories - have suggested that a geologically " recent " collision ( about 35 million years ago ) may have caused such a temporary debris ring .
Peter Fawcett , left , and Mark Boslough examine some of the possible materials involved in creating rings around the Earth at a display at the University of New Mexico Meteorite Museum , in Albuquerque .
Large - object collisions with Earth - comets , asteroids , or large meteors - could interact with the Earth 's surface and atmosphere to eject materials , including melted and reformed materials , called tektities ( foreground ) to create a debris ring .
Photo : Randy Montoya
The two also suggest that such temporary rings - lasting from 100,000 to a few millions of years - may explain some patterns of climate change observed in the earth 's geological record .
These conclusions are spelled out in an article in the Journal of Geophysical Research , Atmospheres , August 16 edition .
Lore of the rings
" One way to get a ring , " says Sandia 's Boslough , " is with an impact . "
There is a growing body of evidence showing that the earth has been subjected to numerous impacts by comets and asteroids throughout its history .
Among these impacts are the Meteor Crater , in Arizona , the buried Chixulub crater , in the Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico , and a chain of at least five craters spread across several continents .
Several studies , both theoretical and with laboratory data , suggest that some large impacts are capable of ejecting material into space in the form of debris rings , if the mechanics of the impact meet certain requirements .
The authors conclude that the mostly likely scenario for ring creation is a low - angle impact by a large asteroid .
Some earth materials and melted meteoric debris , called " tektites " would form the ring materials .
Boslough describes an impact where the collision object ricochets back into the atmosphere .
The ricochet becomes part of an expanding vapor cloud , setting up an interaction that allows some of the debris to attain orbit velocity .
The orbiting debris will collapse into a single plane by the same mechanics that led to the rings of Saturn and other planets , Boslough explains .
Such a ring would most likely form near the equator , because of the dynamics involved with the moon and the earth 's equatorial bulge .
Speculation on climates past
The effects of the larger impact events on earth 's environment and climate have been the subjects of much speculation and research over the past two decades .
" Clearly , large impacts have affected the evolution of the earth , life on it and its atmospheric environment , " says Fawcett .
Much of the work has focused on the Cretaceous - Tertiary ( K - T ) boundary event , which marked a mass extinction and the end of the age of the dinosaurs about 65 million years ago .
A number of these studies suggest an impact resulting in the suspension of a layer of dust in the upper atmosphere blocking sunlight and cooling the earth .
The two researchers asked could other impacts result in different atmosphere - altering phenomena ?
An equatorial ring would cast a shadow primarily in the tropics , as it does for Saturn .
Depending on location , surface area , and darkness of the ring shadow , the amount of incoming solar warmth , or insolation , could be significantly altered , the two authors conclude .
To test their theory , the two assumed an opaque ring , like Saturn 's B-ring , scaled to earth - size and tested global climate affects using a climate model .
The model selected and modified for the simulation was developed by the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR . )
The Center 's " Genesis " climate model includes atmospheric circulation information and layers of vegetation , soil , snow , sea temperature and land ice data .
The goals of the internally funded project were for Sandia to adapt a popular climate code to run on distributed - memory parallel computers and to establish relationships with the climate change research community , Boslough explained .
The Labs made use of its Sandia University Research Program to fund Fawcett 's efforts to analyze the data from the adapted code .
A Ring World
" The equatorial debris ring has a profound effect on climate , because it reflects a significant fraction of tropical insolation back to space before it can interact with the atmosphere , " the authors conclude .
Surface and atmospheric temperatures , changes in temperature ranges from equator to poles , circulation patterns and the rain and snow cycles were all impacted by the ring , the model shows .
The two scientists looked at changes shown in the model to predict changes that might be found in the earth 's geologic record as a way to test their work .
In addition to the K - T boundary event , they looked at a more recent impacts and a much older one .
The most recent event - about 35 million years ago - is identified by an iridium layer ( often associated with meteors ) and two pronounced mico - tektite fields , where these melted meteor - related materials have been found and dated .
Climatic records from sedimentary materials just above the iridium / micro- tektite interval indicate a 100,000 - year cooling interval .
Orbiting debris in a ring , casting its shadow in the subtropics could have sustained such a cooling trend , the authors suggest .
The K - T boundary impact - about 65 million years ago - was much larger than the more recent impact and had a much larger immediate effect on the environment as measured by extinctions and atmospheric changes .
But there were no long - term effects on the climate , leading the authors to conclude the event probably did not generate a debris ring .
Snowball Earth
Another interesting aspect of the modeling work is its implications for the so - called " Snowball Earth " theory .
This theory holds that the earth was completely frozen over at the surface as many as four times in the neoproterozoic period - 750 to 580 million years ago .
While much remains to be learned about the geologic evidence for this theory , " an opaque ring could have acted as the trigger to at least one episode of global glaciation , " the two researchers say .
This would address one difficult question for the theorists : how did earth come to be frozen ?
Sandia is a multiprogram laboratory operated by Sandia Corporation , a Lockheed Martin Company , for the United States Department of Energy 's National Nuclear Security Administration under contract DE - AC04-94AL85000 .
With main facilities in Albuquerque , N.M. , and Livermore , Calif. , Sandia has major research and development responsibilities in national security , energy and environmental technologies , and economic competitiveness .
If you are loving Nike shoes you can now also get a pair made out of paper .
A young illustrator named David Brownings is making these unique and colorful paper shoes that cost about $ 50 each pair .
They even come in a handmade shoe box with a nike tag attached to the shoes .
Check out how art can be made from Rubik Cubes .
U.S. stands apart from other nations on maternity leave The Associated Press In Santa Fe , Linda Strauss McIlroy , a first - time mother , is trying to get used to the thought of soon putting her two - month - old boy in day care so she can get back to work .
Linda Strauss McIlroy plays with her two - month - old baby , Gabriel , whom she 'll soon have to put in day care so she can get back to work .
By Jeff Geissler , AP " It 's hard for me to imagine leaving him , " she says .
" Just not being with him all day , leaving him with a virtual stranger .
And then that 's it till , you know , I retire .
It 's kind of crazy to think about it . "
Across the border in Vancouver , Canada , Suzanne Dobson is back at work after 14 months of paid maternity leave .
" It was great , " she says .
" I was still making pretty good money for being at home . "
Across the ocean , in Sweden , Magnus Larsson is looking forward to splitting 16 months of parental leave at 80 % pay with his girlfriend .
They are expecting their first baby in a week .
With little public debate , the United States has chosen a radically different approach to maternity leave than the rest of the developed world .
The United States and Australia are the only industrialized countries that do n't provide paid leave for new mothers nationally , though there are exceptions in some U.S. states .
Australian mothers have it better , however , with one year of job - protected leave .
The U.S. Family and Medical Leave
Act provides for 12 weeks of job - protected leave , but it only covers those who work for larger companies .
To put it another way , out of 168 nations in a Harvard University study last year , 163 had some form of paid maternity leave , leaving the United States in the company of Lesotho , Papua New Guinea and Swaziland .
How did it end up this way ?
" To me it 's a puzzle .
I can give you all the arguments that have been used , but that still does n't really solve the puzzle , " says Jeanne Brooks - Gunn , a professor of child development and education at Columbia University .
According to Brooks - Gunn , some countries , like France , expanded maternity leave after World War II to fight falling fertility and encourage childbearing .
That argument has been missing in the United States , where immigration has ensured population growth .
Jane Waldfogel , also a professor at Columbia , says another part of the puzzle is that the European and American feminist movements had differing goals .
In Europe , feminists emphasized special treatment for mothers , including maternity leave and child care .
" The American feminist movement did n't want to hear anything about mothers , " Waldfogel says .
" They wanted equal rights for women and did n't emphasize special treatment . "
The U.S. feminist movement has moved away from this viewpoint , but that has n't led to a change in maternity rules .
One reason is that U.S. women are used to having about three months off and consider it the norm , Waldfogel says .
For many , of course , that norm feels alien .
To Strauss McIlroy in Santa Fe , those three months certainly feel inadequate .
" I thought , being kind of a career woman , that I might be one of those who'd be kind of looking forward to going back , that I 'd be all babied out , " she says .
" But I 'm really very apprehensive about it . "
In Canada , Dobson 's feelings about her son , Gavin , and the country 's maternity leave rules are a better fit .
" I do n't think I would have been ready to hand him over to anyone at six months , " Dobson says .
" At 12 months , he 's a little person , and he can kind of tell you what he wants and does n't want . "
There have been several attempts at introducing paid maternity leave in the United States .
The Clinton administration wanted to allow states to use unemployment funds for maternity leaves , but that was shot down by the Bush administration after opposition from business groups concerned with increased contribution to state unemployment funds .
A bill introduced in the House by Reps. Pete Stark and George Miller , both D - Calif. , would establish a fund that would replace 55 % of pay for workers on FMLA leave .
Contributions to the fund would come from employers .
" There are a couple of central problems when we look at paid leave legislation .
The first is : who 's paying for it ? " asks Michael Eastman , director of labor policy at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
U.S. employers already pay $ 21 billion a year in direct costs related to the FMLA , Eastman says , in addition to indirect costs like additional overtime for those who fill in for workers on leave .
Waldfogel agrees that it's too much to ask employers to shoulder the cost of introducing paid maternity leave .
" As long as what we have in mind ... is asking employers to both hold the job open and pay the salary , we 're going to get tremendous resistance from employers , " she says .
California went a different route , and last year introduced family leave with around 50 % pay for six weeks , paid from a fund that employees , not employers , pay into .
" Once they did that , there were no longer any objections from employers , " Waldfogel says .
Five states — California , Hawaii , New Jersey , New York and Rhode Island — and Puerto Rico require employers to have temporary disability programs , which pay benefits if the pregnancy is defined as a disability by a doctor .
A few others have infant care programs that pay subsidies to low - income families for up to two years .
In New York City , Kelsey Goss , a public - school teacher , is trying to build her tutoring business so she and her husband can stay afloat financially when she goes on unpaid maternity leave in October .
" When I tell people that as a teacher I get zero paid maternity leave , they 're stunned , " she says .
" In a job like that , that 's about taking care of kids , those are the benefits ? "
How does she think her benefits compare with Europe ?
" I do n't even want to know , " she says .
Copyright 2005 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
New York Civil Appellate Counsel
Appellate litigation requires a different set of skills from those used at the trial level .
An attorney 's ability to depose an opposing expert , select a jury , or control the flow of evidence at trial is not a gauge for a persuasive and successful appellate presentation , where research , analysis , and sharp writing are the strengths most often rewarded .
With over twenty - five years of experience in over 350 appeals , Annette Hasapidis can help you defend a success at trial or overturn an adverse ruling at any stage of review in state or federal courts .
By focusing almost exclusively on civil appeals , Annette Hasapidis has developed an impressive record of success on behalf of both appellants and respondents in the Appellate Division of the New York and Connecticut Supreme Courts , the New York and Connecticut Court of Appeals , and the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
Her ability to master the details of a complex trial record , define issues in terms of the correct standard of review , and make a clear and persuasive written presentation of your strongest case can ensure the best possible outcome before any appellate tribunal .
For further information about the scope of her appellate and trial support services , contact her at her White Plains , New York , or Ridgefield , Connecticut , offices .
If you use Ubuntu , I am sure you know how annoying it is when you power - up your computer and FSCK begins to check your disks .
That 's because it 's set to do so every 30 - ish disk mount .
You can change this with a simple command but there is a better way of doing this :
AutoFsck automates periodic disk checking in such a way that it no longer bothers the user at boot every 30 times , and is streamlined in a friendly graphical user interface .
AutoFsck works like this : when you shut down your computer , it finds the info on your disks and determines if your disks need to be checked and if so , it asks you if you want to check them .
If you select ' yes ' , your drives will be checked before the computer shuts down and if you select ' no ' , fsck will not run the next time your computer boots .
Please note that AutoFsck does not stop fsck from running if the filesystem in question is flagged as unclean during boot .
Download AutoFsck ( Ubuntu .deb )
Vancouver , B.C. – Vancouver Canucks President & General Manager Mike Gillis announced that the Canucks have reduced their pre-season roster by nine players today .
The Canucks now have 38 players on their pre-season roster .
The following player has been assigned to his junior club :
Yann Sauve , Defence St. John , QMJHL
The following players have been assigned to Manitoba :
Taylor Ellington , Defence
Pierre - Cedric Labrie , Left Wing
Evan Oberg , Defence
Eric Walsky , Right Wing
The following players have been released from their PTO and assigned to Manitoba :
Daren Machesney , Goaltender
Travis Ramsey , Defence
The following players have been released :
Ronald Petrovicky
Dave Scatchard
They swagger , they fight , they laugh in the face of danger .
Science - fiction books have given us some of the greatest swashbuckling heroes , cutting a swathe through space and countless alternate timelines .
Here are some of our favorite book heroes .
Advertisement
When we asked our friends to name their favorite swashbuckling heroes from SF books , first we had to figure out what exactly we meant by " swashbuckling . "
Here 's what we came up with : A swashbuckling hero does n't necessarily need to pack a sword — although it certainly does n't hurt .
A certain dapperness comes with the territory , or at the very least a unique sense of style .
Words starting with " D " came up a lot , including dashing , debonair , defiant , dapper and daring .
What we found was that fantasy is full of swashbucklers — it 's one of the hallmarks of the genre — but there are some amazing swashbucklers in science fiction too .
( And we threw it open to include " urban fantasy , " or anything which takes place in something akin to the modern world or the future . )
Advertisement
Here are our favorite swashbuckling heroes from science fiction books :
John Carter Of Mars ( A Princess Of Mars by Edgar Rice Burroughs )
He 's got the sword and the steely gaze , not to mention the old - school charm , and he's also got the mad adventures — the seemingly immortal Virginian gets zapped to Mars upon his " death " and wins the hand of the princess , Deja Thoris .
He leads a company of Tharks to defeat the city - state of Zodanga , and then sacrifices his own life to save the atmosphere on Mars .
( But then just winds up on Earth again . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Here are some great Princess Of Mars covers and images , including some great art by Frank Frazetta :
Advertisement
Jack Half - A - Prayer ( Perdido Street Station and Iron Council by China Mieville ) :
Even amongst all the other memorable and weird characters from Mieville 's Bas - Lag universe , Jack Half - A - Prayer stands out , with his weird sense of style .
One of the Remade , he 's got a giant praying mantis arm , but instead of becoming downtrodden and full of self - loathing , he becomes a freedom fighter and a legend , until it finally catches up with him .
Here 's a great illustration of him that artist Nicholas William Kole created .
( More of Kole 's great art here . )
Advertisement
" Slippery " Jim DiGriz ( The Stainless Steel Rat by Harry Harrison ) :
The first person that came to mind when we thought of this category — a grifter and adventurer who 's always twenty jumps ahead of everybody else .
Even though the love of a good woman softens him slightly , he never stops being a scoundrel .
Still , if he ever runs for president on your planet , you 'd be crazy not to vote for him .
Advertisement
Frank Rozvar ( The Skies Discrowned / Forsake The Sky by Tim Powers ) :
As Earth 's empire crumbles in the distant future , Frank Rozvar sees his father murdered , and is forced to flee to Munson Underground , the city under the planet 's surface .
He plots revenge — and it's a good thing he's an expert fencer as well as a stylish bastard .
Although , as my friend Bill notes , Powers ' early heroes tend to be more " grim and gritty " than " dashing and dapper . "
Advertisement
The Librarians ( The Greatwinter Trilogy by Sean McMullen ) :
Many buckles are swashed by these dragon librarians in a post - apocalyptic 40th century setting .
They 're forever fighting ritual duels , including battles ( with very strict rules ) in airships .
These books are packed with derring - do and Errrol Flynn - esque feats of bravery and cunning .
Advertisement
Duncan Idaho ( Dune by Frank Herbert ) :
This swordmaster in the service of House Atreides is a ladies man and an expert student of the Swordmasters Of Ginaz .
The Harkonnens kill his parents and raise him to be hunted for sport — but he gets away .
One of Duke Leto's right - hand men , he trains Paul in the arts of war .
And when he gives his life to defend Paul and Jessica , he takes down no less than 17 Sardaukar soldiers .
Advertisement
Cugel The Clever ( The Dying Earth books by Jack Vance ) :
A thief and scoundrel , Cugel displays tons of rambunctiousness and skullduggery .
But he's also a dab hand with a sword , and he 's very dapper with his triple - tiered hat , adorned with a " foppish bedazzlement . "
His roguish ways and indefatigible charm have won him his own Facebook group .
Advertisement
Speaker - To - Animals ( Ringworld by Larry Niven ) :
One of the coolest of Niven 's Kzinti , Speaker - To - Animals is slightly less likely to kill you on sight than other members of his race , but he 's still a superb fighter and a total badass .
He 's too honorable to kill Louis Gridley
Wu for meat , even when he 's starving .
Typical line : " I have a variable sword .
I urge calm . "
Bad. Ass. ( Art by A.C. Farley . )
Advertisement
Anthony Villiers ( Star Well by Alexei Panshin ) :
A former viscount , Villiers gets fobbed off by his family and travels around the universe in the company of a giant toad named Torve , having crazy adventures .
He 's always getting himself caught up in duels and assassination plots , as he moves through the highest levels of galactic society without ever quite having enough money on hand .
He 's foppish , following the motto " Live as you dress " and doing both of those things well .
Advertisement
Drake Maijstral ( Crown Jewels , House of Shards , & Rock of Ages by Walter Jon Williams ) :
Maijstral is an Allowed Burglar in a distant future when the human race has been conquered by aliens called the Khosali , who have subjected us to their regime of High Custom .
Under this complicated set of rules , you can steal — as long as you hang on to the merchandise for 24 hours without getting caught .
( One of the Khosali emperors was a kleptomaniac who wanted to legalize theft , hence the odd compromise . )
Since all of Maijstral 's exploits are recorded and broadcast , he becomes a huge celebrity with a great sense of verve and style .
Advertisement
Hiro Protagonist ( Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson ) :
Protagonist 's business card says it all : " Last of the freelance hackers and Greatest swordfighter in the world . "
He learns of the existence of a new drug called Snow Crash , that 's both a computer virus and a reality - altering substance .
He 's the undisputed champion of in - Metaverse sword - fighting , because he helped write the code which makes swordfighting possible .
Advertisement
E.C. Gordon , aka Scar , aka Oscar ( Glory Road by Robert Heinlein ) :
This war veteran answers an ad that asks , " Are You A Coward , " placed by a beautiful woman .
Then he goes on a quest and crosses swords with the Never - Born aka the Eater Of Souls , the guardian of the Egg of the Phoenix in Mile High Tower .
( For some reason , the Eater Of Souls appears as a 17th century swordsman . )
Advertisement
Beka Rosslin- Metadi ( The Price Of The Stars by Debra Doyle and James D. McDonald ) :
Okay , just look at the jacket , and the red eyepatch .
And she 's an amazing space pilot , freebooter and spacer by trade — who 's turned her back on her famous military family .
Until her mom is assassinated , and her father gives her the best spaceship around , the Warhammer , to look for the assassins .
She leaves " a trail of kidnappings and corpses across four star systems , " and blows the roof off the strongest private fortress in the galaxy .
Rock on .
Advertisement
Pham Nuwen ( A Fire Upon The Deep by Vernor Vinge ) :
Pham grows up in a post - apocalyptic Canberra that 's similar to the Middle Ages , complete with swords , daggers and poison .
Then the Qeng Ho arrive and he leaves with them .
He becomes a legendary commander and Programmer - At - Arms .
At one point , Pham Nuwen is held prisoner by some idiots , and he realizes that the computers on the ship had used smart dust long ago — which means he can hack into the computers by blinking , without anyone noticing .
Advertisement
Ed Chianese ( Light by M. John Harrison )
Thrill - seeker , adventurer and virtual - reality addict , Ed Chianese " owes money to everyone in the universe . "
Writes Harrison , " From an early age , Ed Chianese had been some kind of drifter and sensationist .
He could n't remember what planet he came from .
' Maybe it was even this one ! '
He laughed . "
With his peroxide hair and cheap tattoos , he 's dapper after a fashion .
Advertisement
Giraut Leones ( A Million Open Doors by John Barnes ) :
Giraut lives in Nou Occitan , which is sort of like medieval Europe , with the dueling , the chivraly and the artistic dabbling .
But then he goes to live in another one of the thousand human cultures in the far future — the sterile Caledony , which is like a McCarthy - ite , Christian repressive world .
So he becomes the rebellious , sword - fighting hero of this crazy world .
Advertisement
Jay Kalam and his cohorts ( Legion Of Space Series by Jack Williamson ) :
Kalam is commander of the Legion , and just in case you miss the Three Musketeers - i- ness of his group of stalwart fighters against the renegade Purple and the evil Medusae , one of his friends is named Samdu ( an anagram of " Dumas . " )
Advertisement
Owen Deathstalker ( Deathstalker by Simon Green ) :
Heir to a warrior name , Owen Deathstalker lives a quiet life as a historian , until the Empress names him an outlaw , and he 's forced to flee , and help organize the rebellion against the Empress Lionstone .
Advertisement
Additional reporting by Mary Ratliff .
Thanks to Bill Brickman , Jed Hartman , Chris Hsiang , Andrew Liptak , Dennis Woo , Wayne Nix , Angela Cooper , Zack Stentz , Tim Jones , Jonathan Korman , Tom Marcinko , Espana Sheriff , Richard Kadrey , Chris Hall , Allan Ebalo , David J. Schwartz , @RainOnRoof , Jenn Reese , John Klima , another Tim Jones , Cheryl Morgan and anyone else I missed for the suggestions !
( CNN ) -- Afghan opium kills 100,000 people every year worldwide -- more than any other drug -- and the opiate heroin kills five times as many people in NATO countries each year than the eight - year total of NATO troops killed in Afghan combat , the United Nations said Wednesday .
An Afghan police officer digs up a field of opium poppies in April .
About 15 million people around the world use heroin , opium or morphine , fueling a $ 65 billion market for the drug and also fueling terrorism and insurgencies :
The Taliban raised $ 450 million to $ 600 million over the past four years by " taxing " opium farmers and traffickers , Antonio Maria Costa , head of the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime , said in a report .
Not all the money is going into the pockets of rebels or drug dealers ; some Afghan officials are making money off the trade as well , he said .
" The Afghan drug economy generates several hundred million dollars per year into evil hands : some with black turbans , some with white collars , " Costa said .
The latter reference is " to officials in the Afghan administration , federal government of Kabul or the provinces or the army or the police , " Costa told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour .
Watch Costa talk about the problems »
And the problem is spreading , he added .
Drug money is funding insurgencies in Central Asia , which has huge energy reserves , Costa said .
" The Silk Route , turned into a heroin route , is carving out a path of death and violence through one of the world 's most strategic yet volatile regions , " he said .
Authorities are seizing too little heroin , intercepting only about 20 percent of opiate traffic around the world , according to the U.N. report , " Addiction , Crime and Insurgency : the Transnational Threat of Afghan Opium . "
It comes on the heels of a U.N. warning last month that two years ' worth of opium is effectively " missing , " probably stockpiled by the Taliban and criminal gangs .
More than 12,000 tons of opium , which can be consumed as a narcotic itself or turned into heroin , is unaccounted for , the United Nations estimated in September .
It is not clear who has it or why , but the United Nations speculates that criminals could be holding it as a hedge against falling prices or that insurgents or terrorists could be stockpiling it to fund attacks .
The latest report claims to be the first systematic attempt to track where Afghan opium ends up .
See how Afghan heroin reaches Europe and the West »
Europe and Russia together consume just under half of the heroin coming out of Afghanistan , the United Nations concluded , and Iran is by far the single largest consumer of Afghan opium .
Afghanistan is also probably supplying an increasing share of the heroin in China -- perhaps as much as a quarter , the report said .
Afghanistan is by far the world 's largest producer of opium , although Laos , Myanmar and Latin America produce small quantities , it said .
The United Nations found that Afghanistan may be supplying more heroin to the United States and Canada than had been suspected .
The two North American countries consume more than twice as much heroin as Latin America produces .
That means either that more Afghan heroin is making its way to North America than had been known or that Mexico and Columbia are producing more than was realized , the United Nations said .
The report confirmed an estimate that $ 400 million in drug profits goes to the Taliban , Costa said .
The Taliban " are deeply involved " in processing , in protecting farmers and in exporting , he said .
The solution " is very clear , " he said .
" We need a much greater effort and commitment by governments to prevent drug addiction , to take care of drug addicts ... to reduce demand . "
But the popular will for change needs to increase , he said , noting that the Security Council in 2006 and 2007 passed resolutions inviting member states to give the names of drug traffickers to authorities so that their ability to travel can be curtailed and their assets seized .
" So far , much to my dismay , not a single name was provided to the Security Council , " he said .
The report offered little new in the way of possible solutions , said Ethan Nadelmann , founding executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance , which promotes alternatives to the war on drugs .
" It 's very good at describing a problem , " he said .
" But it truly is devoid of any kind of pragmatic solution , and it essentially suggests that the answer is to keep doing more of what 's failed us in the past . "
So long as there is a global demand for opium , there will be a supply , he said .
" If Afghanistan were suddenly wiped out as a producer of opium -- by bad weather or a blight or eradication efforts -- other parts of the world would simply emerge as new producers , " creating all sorts of new problems , " he said .
And Afghanistan itself would not be helped either , he said .
" You would see in Afghanistan millions of people probably flocking to the cities unable to make a living and probably turning more to the Taliban than they are now , " he said .
He listed three possible options .
The first , global legalization and control , " is not happening , not any time soon , " he said .
The second option is to increase drug treatment for addicts who want it and to provide legal access to the drug , as Switzerland , Germany , the Netherlands , England , Spain and Canada have done , he said .
" In all of these places , there are small , growing programs of heroin maintenance that allow addicts to obtain pharmaceutical - grade heroin from legal sources rather than from the black market , " he said .
But Nadelmann added that more people died of opiate overdose last year involving pharmaceutical opiates than died from illegal heroin .
A third possibility , he said , would be to view Afghanistan as essentially a red - light zone of global opium production and to think about the solution as a vice - control challenge , " which means acknowledge that Afghanistan is going to continue to be the world 's supplier of illegal opium for the foreseeable future and then focus on manipulating and regulating the market participants , even though it is still illegal . "
He added , " That , I think , is in some respects the de facto strategy , even though it cannot be stated openly , for political reasons . "
All About Drug Trafficking • Heroin • Afghanistan • United Nations
Roy Murphy ( murphy@panix.com )
In the newsgroup alt .
fan.cecil - adams on Usenet , there was a discussion of the number of persons needed in a room to get a greater than 50 % chance of having two persons with the same birthday or having every birthday represented .
Perry Farmer questioned the reasonableness of the assumption of uniformity of the distribution of birthdays in a calendar year .
I opined that the distribution was reasonably close to uniform .
Having access to a large number of birthdates from life insurance policy applications , I volunteered to analyze the available data .
I retrieved birthdates from 480,040 insurance policy applications made between 1981 through 1994 of a Life Insurance Company .
( The data summarized by birthdate can be found here ) I summarized the data by date , by month and by day of month .
If we hypothesize that the distribution of birthdays is uniform , then the probability of a birthdate ( other than Feb. 29 ) is 1/365.25 and the probability of a Feb 29th birthdate is 1/1461 .
We can conclude that the number of people with a given birthday is a binomial distribution with mean=n * p=1314.28 ( 328.57 for Feb. 29 ) and variance=n*p*q=1313.41 ( 329.03 for Feb 29 ) .
This is a graph of the actual observations with the expected values displayed .
With a number of expected sucesses this large , we can use a normal distribution with the same mean and variance a a close approximation to the binomial distribution .
Thus the z-statistic ( [ obs- mean ] / std.dev . ) should be observations from a standard normal distribution .
The sum of n , squared standard normal Random Variables is distributed Chi-square with n- 1 degrees of freedom .
The sum of the squared z's for the 366 birthdates was 1356.5 .
Compare this to the 99.9 % ile point of a Chi-square with 365 d.f which is 454.2 .
The z2 statistic is higher which causes us to reject the hypotheses of uniformity .
In less formal terms , the data show too much variation to be accounted for by random deviations from binomial ( or normal ) distributions with the same mean .
Here is a histogram of the distribution of z statistics from the data with a standard normal distribution for comparison .
The data z's show much more dispersion than the standard normal with fewer observations near the mean and more observations further away .
The analysis by day shows some interesting results .
The squared z's when tabulated by day of the month was 247.3 and the corrosponding 99.9 % ile from a Chi-square with 30 d.f. is 59.7 .
Again a significant departure from expected .
The histogram shows that some days are over reported .
The higest positive deviations are from the 1st and 15th with the 20th and the 10th sticking out somewhat less .
The data were collected by insurance agents asking the person their birthdate .
The data are not otherwise checked until a claim is made and a death certificate shows a significantly different birthdate .
I suspect that older persons may not know their exact date of birth .
I can see no other reason for dates to fall on such regular points .
It has been well documented by the U.S. Census Bureau that people overreport the year of birth 1900 and underreport 1899 and 1901 .
I ran a smaller run ( n=116,979 ) with years of birth between 1960 and 1993 .
The z - squared statistic was still larger than the chi-square indicating a significant deviation from uniformity , but much closer ( z2=74.7 ) for what its worth .
The analysis by month is also instructive .
The z - square is 612.5 and the corresponding 99.9 % ile Chi-square is 31.3 for 11 degrees of freedom .
Again there is more variance in the data than can be accounted for by chance .
An examination of the histogram shows significant seasonal variations .
The months July - October show higher than expected births and March - May show the most significant decline in births .
Perhaps the most reasonable explanation is that conceptions are up in the months of October through January and down in June through August .
You be the judge .
The implications for the original questions are that slightly fewer persons are needed to get a single match and slightly more persons are needed to have every day covered if the distribution is not uniform .
Some time last week I saw someone mention that they had “ Just led __ to the Lord ” .
After noticing the comments of this post I gathered that this was the persons child that had been “ led to the Lord ” so I decided to inquire as to the age of this child … which got me thinking about faith and children .
This man ’s daughter was six .
I was “ Saved ” at the ripe old age of 6 .
That ’s right , at 6 years old someone believed that I was at an appropriate time in my life to decide the fate of my own mortal soul and to ask forgiveness for the plethora of sins I was guilty of .
This , of course , was not true … the “ gospel ” was something I could nary understand at the time and I did n’t really grasp the cardinal doctrines of Christianity until I was around 14 , when I became more serious about my faith .
Until then I did n’t understand that the God of the Bible required sacrificial scapegoats to atone for the sin of man or that Jesus was supposed to be the end all be all of sacrificial lambs .
I simply knew that the Bible was supposed to be true and that I felt an emotional “ tug ” at my heart when this whole Jesus thing was presented to me…so I said a prayer and I cried and I spoke in tongues etc .
Mar 10:15 Verily I say unto you , Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child , he shall not enter therein .
According to Mark 10:15 believers are to accept Christ with the faith of a child .
When I think of childlike faith however , I do n’t think about it in a good light .
Children believe in Santa Clause , the Tooth Fairy , and the Easter Bunny which are all things that most adults will reject outright because there is no evidence for them .
It conjures up thoughts of parents lying to their kids about how Santa Clause is watching them constantly in order to provide their just rewards upon Christmas Day rather than believing in something because it is true .
Is this what the God of the Bible truly wants from Christians ?
Childlike faith means ignorance … it means to accept things as fact simply because someone told you that it was .
It means not investigating and even denying overwhelming evidence to the contrary of the claim being made .
Childlike faith means to sit down , shut up , and eat your vegetables because if you do n’t God will punish you forever .
So God essentially says that He wants you to accept the claims of his lordship without question and without evidence , a position I find to be unfair at best .
My challenge here for my Christian readers is to consider the ramifications of ignorant faith , consider what god is asking of you .
Is it fair or reasonable for one to believe in Extraterrestrial life forms without some form of proof for them ?
Why should n’t we hold god to the same standard of evidence ?
Going even further I ’d like to ask all my readers whether or not they find it reasonable to coax children into belief in Christ ( or any other religious belief for that matter ) if they cannot understand the ramifications behind it ?
If you can justify it at what age does this make sense ?
Is there a point at which this sort of thing can be considered emotional abuse ?
Please comment , I ’d really like some feedback on this , I want to do a part two of this .
At 6:58 A.M. on Friday , I pulled into the parking lot of my local Verizon store .
Exactly 30 minutes later , I was back in my car , with a splashy new Motorola Droid in hand .
Now , after spending three days with the device , I feel prepared to offer my own take on the latest , and clearly greatest , Android phone .
Design
There 's no denying it : The Droid is a heavy phone .
Sure , it 's only a couple ounces heavier than the iPhone 3GS , but you feel the difference immediately .
And if you 're moving from a BlackBerry Curve , as I was , the weight difference is significant .
However , the Droid 's music features mean I no longer have to carry an iPod Touch around , so I 've actually made a net reduction in the amount of device weight I shuffle around with each day .
Some critics , such as my friend Dylan Tweney at Wired , have remarked that the Droid 's slide - out keypad seems like an afterthought , an unnecessary appendage given that the phone 's on - screen keypad is adequate for most tasks .
I agreed initially .
In fact , I scarcely touched the physical keypad for the first half of the day on Friday , until I found myself in an extended IM session with a colleague .
For typing - heavy apps , that physical keypad has proven indispensible , and I now intuitively switch between the on- screen and physical keypads while using the phone , without losing a beat .
I suspect I 'd be somewhat less satisfied with the Droid at this point if that slide - out keypad were n't there .
The direction pad , on the other hand , has yet to prove its value to me .
Because it takes up a fair chunk of real estate to the right of the keys , it increases the learning curve on using the keys for someone who 's grown accustomed to BlackBerry keypads .
I might feel differently about it if I were a gamer , but I 've yet to download any games for this thing , and I doubt I 'll get around to doing so anytime soon .
Of course , the Droid 's biggest asset , quite literally , is its display .
Web sites , pictures , and videos look fantastic on the 3.7 - inch , 480x854 touch screen .
It 's hard to feel disappointed about the phone 's boxy carapace when the only thing my eyes take in is this massive , beautiful screen .
Interface
Some critics have rendered sweeping comparisons of the Android interface to that of the iPhone , and found Android wanting .
However , I find such comparisons unhelpful , as they generally focus on the look and simplicity of the menus , rather than on functionality .
There is little question that the iPhone has , for a couple of years now , represented the platinum standard in smartphone interface design .
It 's simple , elegant , and intuitive .
However , that simplicity comes at the expense of customizability and control .
Apple has deliberately barred developers from tweaking the iPhone interface in an effort to keep the look and feel of the device consistent for all users .
There is a certain logic to this policy , and the payoff for iPhone users is unrivaled ease of use .
Contrasted against the iPhone , the Droid 's menus are somewhat complex .
Fortunately , Verizon stayed its typically heavy hand and spared this device the usual Verizonization of the menus .
So what you get with Droid is a standard Android 2.0 interface , for which there is much to be said .
The phone 's main screen is divided into three areas , only one of which is visible at any given time .
You slide the window left and right to get to the other two areas , which you can populate with apps or widgets , at your liking .
The notification bar at the top of the display is expandable to give you access to the apps that demand attention .
For instance , when an e-mail comes in , you can slide the notification area down to get details and -- if you want to -- tap the message to view it in Gmail .
This is a terrifically convenient feature that lets you see what 's happening without necessarily having to go to a specific app .
Android 's settings menus can be somewhat muddled , however , and force you to tap through multiple levels of submenus to do things like change wireless networks .
By default , the main screen features a search widget , which you can tap on to initiate a Google search .
The drawback to this is that it takes up space that could otherwise be used to place more apps on the home screen .
Meanwhile , you can get to a search widget anytime by tapping the Search button on the front of the phone .
So within a couple of hours of turning on the device , I ditched that widget to make room for more app icons .
Some iPhone fans have derided Android 's interface as a Linuxy kludge , and I have to take exception to this .
This OS features as many slick effects as the iPhone does , with smooth sliding menus and subtle animations throughout .
And while it 's possible to load up as many ugly icons and wallpapers as you like , this is a matter of user choice , not a design issue .
As a fun bonus , the Droid switches to a streamlined clock mode when docked in its optional Multimedia Station accessory .
In this mode , it displays the time and date , the local weather , and offers options for listening to music , viewing picture slideshows , and alarms .
It even sports a little dimmer icon , so you could use it as a bedside alarm clock , if you wanted to .
All in all , the Droid 's interface is that of a mature mobile OS .
Peter Gleick , water analyst extraordinare .
and leader of The Pacific Institute , reveals that water consumption in the US of A has actually declined slightly in recent years , according to the USGS .
This is a big deal , as he says , for this reason :
Water planners are trained to assume that as population and economies
grow , water use must inevitably grow .
This assumption is why we hear
the drumbeat of calls for new supply , new supply , new supply .
We argue
that this is false — it is possible to improve the efficiency of water
use , as our studies repeatedly show , and such improvements eliminate the need for expensive and environmentally damaging new supply .
Gleick adds :
If each American today still used 1,940 gallons per day ( as we did in
1975 ) , population growth would have caused the U.S. to use an
additional 165 billion gallons per day .
That 's equal to more than 12
new Colorado Rivers — or enough water for everyone in California , New
York , Florida , Texas , Illinois , and Michigan .
We could never have
supplied that much more water without destroying our remaining rivers ,
lakes , aquifers , and aquatic ecosystems .
Conservation and efficiency
improvements have saved our butts .
Sometimes I wonder if enviros and agencies need to learn how to trumpet their successes .
Barack Obama 's presidency has n't notably changed views on race relations in America , according to the results of a new Gallup poll .
Fifty - six percent of Americans believe that a solution to America 's race problems will eventually be worked out .
That 's roughly the same result that Gallup found in the years leading up to 2008 .
In short , despite a brief and notable bump after Obama won the election , optimism ( or lack thereof ) about U.S. race relations is back to its previous level .
( Gallup interpets the drastic fluctuation in 1995 as a response to the O.J. Simpson trial . )
Social networking is not just for the MySpace generation .
Intelligence agencies are adopting a controversial new technique to identify terrorist masterminds
Intelligence agencies are building up a Facebook - style databank of international terrorists in order to sift through it with complex computer programs aimed at identifying key figures and predicting terrorist attacks before they happen .
By analysing the social networks that exist between known terrorists , suspects and even innocent bystanders arrested for being in the wrong place at the wrong time , military intelligence chiefs hope to open a new front in their " war on terror " .
The idea is to amass huge quantities of intelligence data on people – no matter how obscure or irrelevant – and feed it into computers that are programmed to make associations and connections that would otherwise be missed by human agents , scientists said .
The doctrine is already being actively pursued in Iraq and Afghanistan where thousands of people have been arrested and interrogated for information that could be fed into vast computerised databanks for analysis by social network programs .
9/11 Hijackers -
In addition to information gleaned from interviews with suspects captured in the field , intelligence agencies are also mining the vast amounts of telecommunications data collected from emails and telephone calls with the same surveillance technology .
In the US alone , hundreds of millions of dollars are being spent on developing the data - mining techniques .
" Social network analysis is analysing information about who knows who or who talks to whom , " said Professor Kathleen Carley of Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , one of the civilian scientists hoping to benefit from the new military funding earmarked for research into social network analysis .
" Facebook and Google are doing social networking , which is the technology for helping you find out who to talk to and for finding out what your friends know about a person , " Professor Carley said .
" What social network analysis is about is giving me the whole of the ' Facebook - style ' data and saying that I 'm going to analyse it mathematically to tell you who the critical people are , " she said .
Related article : Steve Connor : Run the program , join the dots and find the terrorist
The doctrine , however , has been criticised as time consuming , wasteful and counterproductive .
Critics have also suggested that it has led to gross violations of human rights , with hundreds and possibly thousands of innocent people being detained and interrogated for longer than necessary to provide social network information .
In its most extreme form , the doctrine has led to what is known within US military circles as the " mosaic philosophy " .
The philosophy behind the mosaic theory is that a piece of intelligence data may not mean anything to the interrogator or even the person who is being interrogated but it can suddenly seem relevant and crucial when placed as a " tile on the mosaic , " he said .
It has led , the critics argue , to the arrest and interrogation of many thousands of innocent people in Iraq and Afghanistan in the hope of gleaning any titbits of intelligence that could be fed into computers programmed with social - network algorithms .
" It 's not a new philosophy , but computers and data processing have given it a new impetus and a new emphasis , " said Professor Lawrence Wilkerson , a retired US Army colonel and former chief of staff to the US Secretary of State Colin Powell until 2005 .
" You fuse little bits and pieces of information , which to the interrogator in the field are basically meaningless , but they come in and you put them together to paint this bigger picture , " said Professor Wilkerson , who is critical of the doctrine .
" [ The mosaic philosophy ] is not incredibly well - known .
It 's arcane , it 's esoteric , it 's limited to a very few people , " he told The Independent .
Joseph Margulies , professor of law at Northwestern University in Chicago , who has studied the mosaic philosophy in relation to the detainees at Guantanamo , said that the technological and mathematical developments in social network analysis go hand in glove with the rationale behind the mosaic theory .
" The former feeds on the latter .
It 's the myth that the computer can know everything , the belief in the omnipotent algorithm , encouraging you to embrace for longer than necessary the mistakes of the mosaic theory , " Professor Margulies said .
And the collation of vast databanks has another downside .
" It also has the potential to bury you in inane data , where quantity is substituted for quality , " Professor Margulies said .
Nevertheless , senior intelligence officials as well as academic experts in social network analysis believe that terrorist cells can be monitored effectively by the techniques , especially in theatres of conflict such as Iraq and Afghanistan .
Dr Ian McCulloh , a US Army major at West Point Military Academy in New York , said that he has used social network analysis to work out relationships between the many hundreds of videos of American deaths filmed by insurgents in Iraq .
" The rationale for how they were related is classified so I can't give away methods [ but ] the interpretation was that the cluster of videos were likely to have been done by the same group ...
It allowed us to look at the structure between terrorist groups and actual attacks , " he said .
Dr McCulloh is collaborating with Professor Carley on " metanetwork " analysis , a more sophisticated form of social network analysis .
He hopes to be able to monitor terrorist networks in real time and detect any changes to indicate that an attack is imminent .
" Before a terrorist event is going to occur there is usually a change in that organisation as it begins to prepare and plan and resource the event .
In that context I can monitor a network in real time and monitor the change in behaviour before an event occurs , " Dr McCulloh said .
" Social network analysis is to old - fashioned detective work what statistics is to intuition .
It 's applying mathematical rigour to what people have done before , " he said .
" It 's already taken off in the military structure .
Where it 's going to go or how successful it's going to be , I 'd be hesitant to say .
Social network analysis is included in the counter - insurgency document of the US Army .
It 's in the vernacular and military intelligence people are using it , " Dr McCulloh said .
Source : Independent
Belfast Telegraph
Increasingly , strapped U.S. homeowners are opting to take out a “ reverse mortgage , ” a loan against a house ’s value that is repaid when the borrower dies or sells the property .
The number of federally insured reverse mortgages issued to senior citizens in the past three years alone — nearly 335,000 — is more than the total from 1990 through 2006 .
Consumer advocates have long cautioned that reverse mortgages should be used as a last resort because of their high fees .
Now , those warnings are growing louder due to a spate of fraud .
The National Consumer Law Center says seniors are facing the same kind of aggressive tactics that were common during the subprime lending boom .
And according to a recent report from the FBI and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) , a host of “ unscrupulous loan officers , mortgage companies , and loan counselors ” are defrauding desperate Americans .
In one scheme , people facing foreclosure are told that a reverse mortgage can save their homes , then “ rejected ” for the mortgage and steered into a deal that transfers title of their property to “ investors . ”
The end result :
They lose their homes anyway .
Other scam artists sell loans that appear to be HUD - insured reverse mortgages but are not , according to the AARP , the nonprofit advocacy group for Americans 50 and over .
Still others , billing themselves as “ investment advisers , ” persuade consumers to invest the proceeds of reverse mortgages in other financial products that come saddled with extra costs .
And in some cases , the FBI report says , the proceeds of investment schemes are not invested — they ’re simply stolen .
Homeowners should turn down any pitch that uses reverse - mortgage funds to purchase financial products .
In fact , they should think twice before signing up for this type of loan at all .
Other options — like taking a home - equity line of credit or even moving to a smaller place — may be able to meet your needs at a lower cost , according to the AARP .
— Gary Weiss
Mike Shaver , Mozilla ’s Vice President of Engineering writes :
I ’ve previously posted about the .NET Framework Assistant add - on that was delivered via Windows Update earlier this year .
It ’s recently surfaced that it has a serious security vulnerability , and Microsoft is recommending that all users disable the add-on .
Because of the difficulties some users have had entirely removing the add-on , and because of the severity of the risk it represents if not disabled , we contacted Microsoft today to indicate that we were looking to disable the extension and plugin for all users via our blocklisting mechanism .
Microsoft agreed with the plan , and we put the blocklist entry live immediately .
( Some users are already seeing it disabled , less than an hour after we added it ! )
The dismembered bodies of nine men have been discovered in an abandoned truck in south - west Mexico , police say .
The body parts filled 18 bags and were found on an isolated road in Guerrero state with a message from the drugs cartel La Familia , officials said .
Some of the victims were shot before being beheaded , state police said .
Analysts say Guerrero has seen an upsurge in violence between La Familia and other cartels for control of important drug smuggling routes .
The gruesome discovery was made in the back of a truck that was blocking a highway in the town of Tlapehuala , AP news agency reported .
" La Familia does n't kill innocent people - those who die deserve to die , " the hand - written message said , according to another report .
La Familia is based in the neighbouring state of Michoacan , the home state of Mexican President Felipe Calderon , and has a reputation for extreme violence .
Mr Calderon has deployed more than 45,000 troops to fight drug gangs since he took office in December 2006 .
However , more than 11,000 people have been killed in drug - related violence in that time .
Nanotechnology sensor can ' smell ' lung cancer in exhaled breath
( Nanowerk Spotlight ) A couple of months ago we reported on a nanotechnology breath analyzer for kidney failure developed by a team in Israel that uses networks of carbon nanotubes .
Israeli researchers have now demonstrated that an array of chemiresistors based on functionalized gold nanoparticles in combination with pattern recognition methods can distinguish between the breath of lung cancer patients and healthy controls .
This sensor may have the potential to form the basis of an inexpensive , non-invasive diagnostic tool for lung cancers .
According to the World Health Organization , lung cancer is the leading cancer - related cause of death , accounting for 18 percent of cancer deaths and killing about 1.3 million people worldwide every year .
Conventional diagnostic methods for lung cancer occasionally miss tumors and they are costly and unsuitable for widespread screening .
Breath testing is a fast , non-invasive diagnostic method that links specific volatile organic compounds ( VOCs ) in exhaled breath to medical conditions .
However , these techniques – gas chromatography / mass spectrometry ( GC - MS ) , ion flow tube mass spectrometry , laser absorption spectrometry , infrared spectroscopy , polymer - coated surface acoustic wave sensors and coated quartz crystal microbalance sensors – are expensive , slow , and require complex instruments .
A multidisciplinary research team at Technion - Israel Institute of Technology have now demonstrated a highly sensitive , stable , relatively inexpensive , and fast - response nine - sensor array that consists of gold nanoparticles functionalized with different organic groups that respond to various VOCs that are relevant to lung cancer .
The new technique works without the need to pre-treat the exhaled breath in any way .
Principal component analysis ( PCA ) of the data set of real and simulated breath .
Each data point corresponds to the multidimensional ΔR / R b ( where R b is the baseline resistance of the sensor in the absence of analyte and ΔR is the baseline - corrected steady - state resistance change upon exposure of the sensor to analyte ) of one breath sample and is the averaged response of 35 exposures .
The results yield well - defined clusters for cancer states and healthy states , thus allowing fast , reliable and noninvasive lung cancer diagnosis .
All data points were obtained using the same nine - sensor array described in the text and Methods section .
( Reprinted with permission from Nature Publishing Group )
" We selected the organic functionalities on the basis of our identification of 42 lung cancer biomarkers by GC - MS combined with preconcentration techniques , " Hossaim Haick , senior lecturer in the Faculty of Chemical Engineering and the Russell Berrie Nanotechnology Institute at Technion , explains to Nanowerk .
" We selected five volatile biomarkers , which can be used to train and optimize the array of sensors , to simulate healthy breath and lung cancer breath , Finally we demonstrated that our device has a potential not only to distinguish lung cancer patients from healthy controls , but also to identify different types of primary lung cancer . "
The breath analyzer designed by Haick and his colleagues consisted of an array of nine cross reactive chemiresistors , in which each sensor was widely responsive to a variety of odorants for the detection of lung cancer .
The chemiresistors were based on assemblies of 5 nm gold nanoparticles with different organic functionalities ( dodecanethiol , decanethiol , 1 - butanethiol , 2 - ethylhexanethiol , hexanethiol , tert - dodecanethiol , 4 - methoxy - toluenethiol , 2 - mercaptobenzoxazole and 11 - mercapto - 1- undecanol ) .
The team has reported their findings in the August 30 , 2009 online issue of Nature Nanotechnology ( Diagnosing lung cancer in exhaled breath using gold nanoparticles ) .
According to Haick , chemiresistors based on functionalized gold nanoparticles combine the advantages of organic specificity with the robustness and processability of inorganic materials .
In these sensors , the metallic particles provide the electric conductivity and the organic film component provides sites for the sorption of analyte ( guest ) molecules .
When exposed to biomarkers , films with different capping monolayers swell – i.e. , the molecularly modified gold particles move apart and , as a result , the resistance of the film increases – differently , due to combination of several factors , including different mass - uptake within the films , different steric interaction between molecules from adjacent gold nanoparticles , disorder within the assembled films of gold - thiol particles , etc .
In this architecture , each analyte produces a distinct fingerprint from the array of broadly cross-reactive sensors .
This allows to considerably widen the variety of biomarkers to which a given matrix is sensitive , to increase the degree of component identification and , in specific cases , to perform an analysis of individual components in complex multi-component ( bio ) chemical media .
Pattern recognition algorithms can then be used to obtain information on the identity , properties and concentration of the vapor exposed to the sensor array .
Using this system , the user gets a figure on the device 's display panel that indicates whether the person is healthy or has a cancer .
" Our results show great promise for fast , easy , and cost - effective early diagnosis and screening of lung cancer , including different types of primary lung cancer " says Haick .
" Our devices are expected to be relatively inexpensive , portable , and amenable to use in widespread screening , making them potentially valuable in saving millions of lives every year .
Given the impact of the rising incidence of cancer on health budgets worldwide , the proposed technology will be a significant savings for both private and public health expenditures .
The potential exists for using the proposed technology to diagnose other conditions and diseases , which could mean additional cost reductions and enhanced possibilities to save lives . "
Using the same approach , the Israeli team has been getting promising results for diagnosing other diseases states , such as renal failure .
" Using a similar technique , we have been able to sniff - out the unique odor print of in vitro cancer cells , " says Haick .
" More specifically , in the course of our collaboration with Dr. Nir Peled and Prof. Fred R. Hirsch from the University of Colorado Cancer Center , we have shown an ability to differentiate between the odor prints of in vitro non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) and negative controls . "
These results , which have just been published in Small ( Sniffing the Unique ' Odor Print ' of Non-Small - Cell Lung Cancer with Gold Nanoparticles ) , provide a launching pad to initiate a bedside tool which might be able to screen for early stages of lung cancer and allow higher cure rates as well as assuring its complete resection .
Haick points out that such a tool might also be used for immediate diagnosis of fresh ( frozen ) tissues of lung cancer in operating rooms , where a dichotomic diagnosis is crucial to guide surgeons .
Boris Heger
THE scientific study of AIDS has dropped out of the headlines over the past year or two .
The disease is still a mass killer , but the drugs used to combat it have become cheaper , and the mechanisms for getting them to the infected , most of whom live in poor countries ( predominantly African ones ) , have got better .
As to prevention , circumcision — though by no means a complete answer — has been shown to reduce a man 's risk of becoming infected with HIV , the virus that causes the disease , and thus helps slow down the rate of transmission .
The drugs , too , seem to do that , by reducing the number of viruses in an individual 's body .
That is all good news .
But it brings the field no nearer to what is really needed — a vaccine that will stop people getting infected in the first place .
The last big vaccine trial , known as STEP , ended in failure in 2007 .
It may even have promoted susceptibility to the virus it was trying to curb .
AIDS - vaccine researchers seemed to be running out of both ideas and hope .
But a paper published in this week 's Science shows that neither of those things is true .
There are still original ideas around .
And there is also a revival of hope .
The paper in question has been published by a team led by Laura Walker of the Scripps Research Institute , in San Diego , and Sanjay Phogat of the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative ( IAVI ) , in New York .
It confirms that there is a weakness in HIV 's armour , and unveils weapons that might be able to exploit it .
The weapons in question are called broadly neutralising antibodies ( known as bNAbs in the trade ) .
These are antibodies that deactivate a wide range of HIV strains — which is particularly important for an effective vaccine , because HIV is so variable .
Until now , though , those bNAbs which have been identified have not been broad enough .
They have been effective only against strains circulating outside Africa .
Moreover , no new bNAb has been found for more than a decade .
Taking the strain
The two new ones reported by Dr Walker and Dr Phogat are the first fruits of a project called Protocol G , one of several multi-centre investigations into various aspects of AIDS that IAVI is helping to organise .
This particular project is looking specifically for bNAbs in volunteers from seven African countries ( Côte d'Ivoire , Kenya , Nigeria , Rwanda , South Africa , Uganda and Zambia ) and from America , Australia , Britain and Thailand .
The antibodies in question were found by screening blood serum from 1,800 volunteers from these countries .
The researchers have zeroed in on antibodies that react with part of the virus called its spike .
This consists of two sugar - protein molecules known as gp120 and gp41 that react with a protein called CD4 , which is found on the surface of certain cells of the immune system .
The reaction grants the virus entry to the cell .
That is why HIV infects immune - system cells , rather than other sorts .
With the aid of two biotechnology firms , Monogram Biosciences of South San Francisco and Theraclone Sciences of Seattle , Dr Walker , Dr Phogat and their colleagues tested all their serum samples for anti-HIV activity , picked the top 10 % , extracted all the antibodies from each of these samples , tracked down the cells that made each antibody , found the relevant genes , snipped them out , cloned them into other , faster - reproducing cells , made usable samples of pure antibody from each of these clones , and tested the results to see if they could stop HIV from docking with cells that have CD4 on their surfaces .
Two such antibodies ( both from the same donor and dubbed PG9 and PG16 ) could .
The next stage is to find out exactly which bits of the spike PG9 and PG16 lock onto .
This knowledge is needed to design a chemical that looks enough like the relevant spike element to prompt the immune system to make antibodies that will neutralise it .
That chemical might , just , be the basis of a vaccine .
And if it is not , everyone involved hopes that Protocol G will soon throw up more bNAbs , and that they will help refine the search for HIV 's weak spot .
For unless it turns out to have one , the search for a vaccine could go on for ever .
One day , back when I was a young college student , I walked into my father ’s home and discovered him white faced , grimly staring at the TV , muttering to himself over and over that he was ‘ an idiot . ’
Even at that self absorbed age I knew my dad was no idiot .
He was a talented mechanical engineer who helped develop the Selectric typewriter , and had recently taken a well deserved , generous early retirement deal .
But on this lovely fall afternoon in an upper middle class living room , his eyes were focused on distant galaxies , his body slumped over in his chair , clearly dejected and broken , as the financial channel blared away in a theater of despair .
The date was October 19 , 1987 .
Black Monday .
As the news sunk in , I quietly resolved then and there that if I could ace courses in vector calculus or quantum mechanics , not only could I master this uninvited phenomenon that ruthlessly reached out from Wall Street and wrecked my father ’s golden years , I could extract a little freaking payback .
That 's why , years later , when my twin 12 year - old nephews asked me to explain the financial markets to them , I knew what to say .
I told them you can either Loan or Own .
One way to invest is to loan someone or something money and earn interest on the loan .
When you make a loan , and I 'm talking about a real one , not a tapped out buddy who wants to borrow a hundred bucks in Vegas that you 'll never see again , what are the questions that come to mind ?
You guessed it , how safe is this loan , and when and how will I get paid back ?
That 's exactly what you should be asking .
Loans as an investment are referred to on Wall Street as fixed income , bonds , notes , bills , or paper .
Another way to invest is to buy something and hope it goes up in value so that you can sell it for a gain .
Whether the investment vehicle is a stamp , a painting , or a beanie baby , the principle is the same :
Buy low , sell high .
Of course , there 's no guarantee it will go up , in fact it may do the opposite !
On Wall Street , owning usually refers to a piece of a company in the form of stock , also referred to as equity , shares , or a growth investment .
Loan or own : sounds easy , and that 's the point .
But the details can get confusing real fast .
Each comes in all shapes and sizes , bundled together or available separately , some reasonably safe , others suicidal , and many combine one or more characteristics of both .
But most every single investment vehicle you see on the news or read about in newspapers , no matter how esoteric , convoluted , or common place it is , boils down to or is derived from one or both : Loan or Own .
And now , if you 're wondering why we 're reviewing this , it 's not because Daily Kos is getting into the investment advice business .
Find a broker you trust or a palm reader or whatever , and invest , if you wish , at your own risk .
What we will be doing is reviewing some of the basics of the financial markets using simple , understandable , language .
So that later , when overhauling financial regulation becomes a big political topic , readers of Daily Kos will have a leg up and be better able to follow the sure - to - be- entertaining ins and outs of how industry lobbyists and politicians try to piss down our leg and tell us it 's raining .
Which brings me back to my dad , and the resolution I made more than twenty years ago .
I began studying the stock market using all the snazzy analytical tools a math and physics major enjoys .
It took time and effort , but you know what I eventually discovered ?
It 's Not That Hard !
One thing led to another , and within a few years I was a successful portfolio manager at a major Wall Street firm .
Over the next few years I made many , many times what my father lost that day .
From time to time I ’d drop in on my dad to regale him with my Kung - fu market savvy , and once or twice I even slipped him a wad of cash telling him it was ‘ payback ' .
Which was every bit as deliciously satisfying as it sounds .
But I never forgot Black Monday , or the look on his face .
When the markets got slammed last year following the mortgage debacle , I could n’t help but imagine all the hard working moms and dads sitting in all the living rooms , a lifetime of hard work and their dreams of a secure future in tattered ruins around them .
It happened to my dad in 1987 , it happened to millions last year , and it'll happen again .
And that ’s why it ’s so important that you understand this , too .
Authorial Integrity in Scientific Publication
Authorial Integrity in Scientific Publication
This document is intended as an overview of SIAM 's policies and procedures related to authorial integrity , meaning intellectual honesty and personal responsibility for distinguishing between the work of others and one 's own work .
These policies apply to all of SIAM 's publications , including journals , conference proceedings , books , and SIAM News .
They cover materials that are submitted , in review , accepted for publication , or already published in a SIAM publication .
SIAM considers two specific violations of authorial integrity to be misconduct : plagiarism and duplicate publication ( sometimes called " self - plagiarism " ) .
It is the responsibility of every author who submits a book , paper , or article to SIAM to avoid plagiarism and duplicate publication .
It is the responsibility of editors , referees , and members of book editorial boards to ensure that the highest standards of authorial integrity are maintained .
Authorial Misconduct
Plagiarism
The most common form of authorial misconduct is plagiarism , for which there is no single accepted definition .
In the context of research proposals , the U.S. National Science Foundation defines plagiarism broadly as " the appropriation of another person 's ideas , processes , results , or words without giving appropriate credit " ( 45 Code of Federal Regulations , Section 689.1 ) .
Material can be plagiarized even if it is publicly available ( e.g. , posted on the Internet ) .
In scientific publications , plagiarism normally requires a knowing misrepresentation , explicit or implicit , of someone else 's work as one 's own .
Plagiarism arises in a range of forms that vary widely in ease of identification .
The form of plagiarism that is most straightforward to identify involves verbatim or near - verbatim copying , or very close paraphrasing , of text or results from another 's work .
The least clear - cut form of plagiarism ( and the subject of the most complaints to SIAM ) is an inadequacy of relevant citations , i.e. , insufficient acknowledgement of the work of other authors .
Allegations of this form of plagiarism often arise when authors include or mention results originally obtained by others without citing the associated publications .
SIAM 's assessment of whether an inadequacy of citations constitutes plagiarism will involve questions such as :
Does the omission of citations give a false or misleading impression that the author is the originator of the relevant results ?
Was the author aware of the work that he / she omitted to cite ?
Are results in the omitted citations essential to the work presented in the author 's paper ?
Are the results in question regarded as common knowledge in the SIAM community ?
Duplicate Publication
A related form of authorial misconduct is duplicate publication , meaning unacceptably close replication of the author 's own previously published text or results without acknowledgment of the source .
This is sometimes called " self - plagiarism " .
SIAM applies a " reasonable person " standard when deciding whether a submission constitutes duplicate publication .
If a few identical sentences previously published by the current author appear in a subsequent work by the same author , this is unlikely to be regarded as duplicate publication .
In contrast , it is unacceptable for an author to include significant verbatim or near - verbatim portions of his / her own work , or to depict his / her previously published results as new , without acknowledging the source .
Notify SIAM of Any Plagiarism Issue
SIAM may receive complaints or allegations of plagiarism from a variety of sources .
When discovered in the review process , it is often a referee or editor who first hears of allegations .
The purpose of this section is to identify the appropriate people to be notified when any claims of plagiarism or charges of author misconduct are raised .
Any person receiving information about charges of plagiarism or author misconduct should notify the SIAM Publications Director who will notify the Vice President for Publications .
The editor - in - chief of the publication in question and the authors involved will typically also be informed .
The initial notification is the same in all three cases :
Allegations that an author of a SIAM - published paper or book is guilty of plagiarism .
Allegations that a SIAM author ’s work has been copied and published by someone else , even if the offending work is published elsewhere .
Concerns about a paper or book under review raised by an editor or reviewer .
Notification should be sent to the SIAM Publications Director via email , detailing the concerns or allegations .
Information required to substantiate these claims may include a detailed description of the alleged violation (s ) , citations to the material in question , and any other relevant information that would help resolve the issue .
Copies of the material and / or links to websites on which they appear may be required as well .
Process for Examining Claims of Author Misconduct
Once a complaint or allegation is received and sufficient information is provided , the following steps will be followed :
The SIAM Vice President for Publications will first ask the editor - in - chief of the publication in question to look into the issue and report back on the merits of the allegations .
The editor may inform the author of allegations and seek a response .
Issues of inadequate citations , when not intentional and not egregious , may be resolved at this level in a way that satisfies all parties if this process occurs prior to final publication .
If further investigation is warranted ( the issue is deemed serious and ca n’t be resolved by all parties ) and there is sufficient information to proceed , the SIAM Vice President for Publications will assemble a group of experts to examine the allegations .
The SIAM Vice President for Publications will coordinate this action with the appropriate people ( journal editor - in - chief , book series editor , etc. , as appropriate ) and may ask one of those people to lead the investigation process .
The committee investigating the claims will file a formal report with the SIAM Vice President for Publications that provides expert judgment on the validity of claims .
Once the report is submitted , the SIAM Vice President for Publications may pursue a variety of remedies , in consultation with the SIAM Journal or Book Committees , if the allegations are found to be valid by the ad hoc committee .
Note that the formal investigation only occurs if the editor - in - chief is unable to resolve the issue among the parties directly involved .
The results of the formal investigation will be shared with the parties directly involved , and an attempt will be made to once again resolve the issue at the lower level .
If the issue can not be resolved at the lower level , and if the reviewing committee determines that author misconduct of any kind occurred , then further action must be taken .
For a paper or book in review , further action may include outright rejection of the manuscript for publication .
It could even include , in extreme circumstances , involving the offending author ’s institution ( but only after suitable legal review by SIAM ’s counselor ) .
The case where the offending material has already been published is more serious , as one must ensure that scholarly records remain correct .
If the offending material has already appeared in a SIAM publication , then additional steps may be required .
These steps might include publishing a formal notice ( with or without the consent of the plagiarizing author ) that states the facts about the source of the work and provides the appropriate citations to that work .
This may be done by simply publishing an addendum that indicates which parts of the work appeared earlier and providing the citations to that work .
The SIAM office may need to contact the publisher of the original work and inform them of the problem and its resolution .
That publisher may request additional remedies .
Results will be communicated via e-mail to both parties ( the person who filed the complaint and the author alleged to have committed plagiarism ) .
SIAM Plagiarism Guidelines for Journal Boards
Learn more about the SIAM guidelines for journal editorial boards about plagiarism , duplicate publication , and other suspected author , editor , or referee misconduct .
Download
Other Resources
National Science Foundation ( NSF )
Read more about the NSF - adopted definition of research misconduct , which includes plagiarism .
Committee on Publication Ethics ( COPE )
COPE has flowcharts , guidelines , and sample letters for dealing with various kinds of ethical problems in publishing .
The Council of Scientific Editors
Learn more about the Council of Scientific Editors ' white paper on Promoting Integrity in Scientific Journal Publications .
Goals set to alleviate extreme poverty will not be met unless we address the accelerating rate of biodiversity loss , warn leading scientists in a paper published in Science today .
End
-- Led by Professor Jeffrey Sachs , the paper brings together scientists from the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) and other leading biodiversity scientists and policy makers to draw the world ’s attention to the fact that our development problems will not be solved if we continue to ignore the environment .
The Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) aim to halve extreme poverty by 2015 .
However , these ambitions are now being compromised by our inability to live sustainably .
The authors call for more research into the complex links between biodiversity and poverty , so that informed decisions can be made about environmental services , such as land use , to the benefit of both poverty alleviation and conservation .
“ Many of the fundamental causes of poverty and environmental degradation are the same – such as pressures caused by unsustainable human population growth .
The conservation and development communities need to focus on solutions that will provide win-win outcomes for all life on this planet , ” says Professor Jonathan Baillie , Director of Conservation at ZSL .
“ The global issues are now so intense we will only succeed if we have an integrated environment and development agenda – our children ’s environment is an essential part of their welfare , ” adds Dr Kate Jones , Senior Research Fellow at ZSL .
As the world spectacularly fails to meet the targets set by the Convention on Biological Diversity to reduce biodiversity loss in 2010 , the authors highlight the urgent need to set new achievable targets within the remaining MDG period .
EndEditorial NotesAdvanced copies of the paper ‘ Biodiversity Conservation and the Millennium Development Goals ’ are available on request from the AAAS Office of Public Programs t : +1-202 326 6440 or scipak@aaas.org
The eight Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) – which range from halving extreme poverty to halting the spread of HIV / AIDS and providing universal primary education , all by the target date of 2015 – form a blueprint agreed to by all the world ’s countries and all the world ’s leading development institutions .
For further information visit http://www.un.org/ millenniumgoals / index.shtml
The Convention on Biological Diversity was signed by 150 government leaders at the 1992 Rio Earth Summit , the Convention on Biological Diversity is dedicated to promoting sustainable development .
Conceived as a practical tool for translating the principles of Agenda 21 into reality , the Convention recognizes that biological diversity is about more than plants , animals and micro organisms and their ecosystems – it is about people and our need for food security , medicines , fresh air and water , shelter , and a clean and healthy environment in which to live .
For further information please visit http://www.cbd.int/
Founded in 1826 , the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) is an international scientific , conservation and educational charity : our key role is the conservation of animals and their habitats .
The Society runs ZSL London Zoo and ZSL Whipsnade Zoo , carries out scientific research at the Institute of Zoology and is actively involved in field conservation overseas .
For further information please visit www.zsl.org# # # Founded in 1826 , the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) is an international scientific , conservation and educational charity : our key role is the conservation of animals and their habitats .
For further information please visit http://www.zsl.org
Annette Aug 11 , 2007
really liked it 's review
One of my favorite passages :
" At night when I look at Boris ' goatee lying on the pillow I get hysterical .
O Tania , where now is that warm cunt of yours , those fat , heavy garters , those soft , bulging thighs ?
There is a bone in my prick six inches long .
I will ream out every wrinkle in your cunt , Tania , big with seed .
I will send you home to your Sylvester with an ache in your belly and your womb turned inside out .
Your Sylvester !
Yes , he knows how to build a fire , but I know how to inflame a cunt .
I shoot hot bolts into you , Tania , I make your ovaries incandescent .
Your Sylvester is a little jealous now ?
He feels something , does he ?
He feels the remnants of my big prick .
I have set the shores a little wider .
I have ironed out the wrinkles .
After me you can take on stallions , bulls , rams , drakes , St. Bernards .
You can stuff toads , bats , lizards up your rectum .
You can shit arpeggios if you like , or string a zither across your navel .
I am fucking you , Tania , so that you 'll stay fucked .
And if you are afraid of being fucked publicly I will fuck you privately .
I will tear off a few hairs from your cunt and paste them on Boris ' chin .
I will bite into your clitoris and spit out two franc pieces ... "
" The world is a cancer eating itself away "
Carol Goldnerova and Carmen Gemini Busty Lesbian Game at ClubSandy
Carol Goldnerova and Carmen Gemini…from ClubSandy
You must admit , they are unbelievable together …
They need some big cock in the bath so they can be fully satisfied …
They Need You … .
Click Here to Join Carol and Carmen …
For a Complete Scene Click Here and Download Everything …
Tit massaging session , ass grabbing , wet and soapy pussy licking , deep fingering and fisting …
Completely wet and hot , the water around them is steaming …
JOIN Carol Goldnerova and Carmen Gemini in bath .. NOW !
Show them who is the boss …
Fuck them both …
Download Complete Scene on Video…
Complete Photo Set Available at ClubSandy …
Join them now and make yourself a favour …
_
AFP reports that Kenya 's Nganyi rainmakers are being enlisted to mitigate the effects of climate change :
Alexander Okonda 's great - grandfather was also a rainmaker .
In the 1910s , he was arrested by the British because they determined that he had been responsible for poor rainfall .
Now , the great - grandson is getting the credit he deserves .
As the methods of climatology have been strikingly transformed , he is appreciated as a top scientist .
Alexander Okonda blows through a reed into a pot embedded in a tree hollow and containing a secret mixture of sacred water and herbs .
" This contains so much information .
It is something I feel from my head right down to my toes , " says Alexander , after completing his ritual .
The young man is a member of the Nganyi community , a clan of traditional rainmakers that for centuries has made its living disseminating precious forecasts to local farmers .
Let me skip the croak of the frog , the motion of termites , and the leafing of trees .
You got the picture .
Gilbert Ouma , a meteorologist of Nairobi University , said : " We knew that we had good scientific forecasts but that many people did n't believe them .
" There was an easy solution for this crisis of confidence in science - a solution that was inspired by the IPCC process in the Western countries : the witches were asked to make the predictions instead of the colorless scientists .
Ouma explains that traditional prediction methods - referred to as " science " - have their limitations and that the project 's main goal is to produce a consensus forecast that can be disseminated through indigenous channels .
As the IPCC experience showed , the more witches they include , the better consensus they may produce because the relative influence of the cacophony created by the champions of the limited method known as science is greatly reduced , as their concentration drops .
So these days , the forecasts for Kenya are presented by the chief rainmaker predictor Obedi Osore Nganyi and the Kenya Meteorology Department simply nods quietly .
Everyone is happy because the predictions are strikingly similar , anyway .
" Most of what is in their predictions can also be observed scientifically , " Dr Maria Onyango of the IPCC explains .
" It [ the project ] has enhanced their image in the community , " Onyango says .
" People used to look at them as witches , they did n't think something positive could come out of it .
" Nganyi community chairman Abunery Osango concurs : " Our knowledge was hidden but thanks to the scientists , it is spreading ... it is being used .
" Much like the IPCC , the rainmakers must be grateful to this new kind of science .
And so is Pascal Katana , a whiz student who will attract rain by broken cell phones and broken lamps .
( The IPCC should recommend him to add a couple of burned SUVs , too . )
If you still prefer climate science that does n't depend on witches or their authority and you want a real good , comprehensible , no - nonsense overview of the state - of - the - art state of climate science , buy the NIPCC report ( 880 pages ) .
In the WSM we 're often asked why we spend so much time talking about the working class .
Even the title of our paper , Workers Solidarity , seems a bit odd to some - why are we talking so much about workers ?
Is n't anarchism for everybody ?
And are n't we all middle class now ?
Questions like these are based on a misunderstanding of what class actually means .
Being working class does n't mean being poor , working down a mine , or keeping pigeons , any more than going to college or working in an office makes you middle class .
The working class is , basically , everyone who has to work for a living , and the ruling class is the people that we work for .
The middle class is a small group somewhere in between the two - not rich enough to live off the work of others , but still not entirely dependent on their own wages .
The working class is important because of the society we live in today .
Capitalism is based on an unequal distribution of wealth and power .
A small minority of people control most of the world 's wealth , which means that they own the farms and the factories that produce all of the necessities of life .
The rest of us have to work for them - and this , not the clothes we wear or the books we read , is what makes us working class .
( Obviously , the working class includes the unemployed , and the partners and children of workers )
At the heart of the capitalist system is profit , the difference between what we get paid for our work , and what our work is worth .
In every profitable business , by definition , workers are being paid less than their work is worth .
What 's left over is your boss 's profit , money that they 've earned from your work .
And this is why the system continues - for all those that are exploited by capitalism , and suffer because of it , the rich and powerful continue to benefit from it .
Working class power
The working class are those with the most to gain from the abolition of capitalism , and we 're also the ones with the power to change society , because capitalism depends on our continuing to support it .
Whenever we take action to improve our wages or working conditions , we realise that we are stronger when we stand together , and we cut into the profits of our bosses .
And the more successes we have in campaigns like this , the more we realise that we do n't have to stop there , with small gains and reforms , but that we 're able to fundamentally change society so that it serves all of our interests .
And that 's our ultimate goal - not to improve the position of the working class , or even put the working class in charge , but to abolish the property system that creates classes .
When every workplace is run by the people who work there and production is for need alone then there can be no profit , and so no working class or ruling class .
That 's the basis of an anarchist society , a society where everyone is truly equal , and so everyone can be truly free .
From Workers Solidarity 112 November - December 2009
Download the PDF of WS 112
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
Clouds of sediment colored the Gulf of Mexico on November 10 , 2009 , when the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA ’s Aqua satellite captured this photo - like image .
Much of the color likely comes from resuspended sediment dredged up from the sea floor in shallow waters .
The sediment - colored water transitions to clearer dark blue near the edge of the continental shelf , where the water becomes deeper .
The ocean turbulence that brought the sediment to the surface is readily evident in the textured waves and eddies within the tan and green waters .
Tropical Storm Ida had come ashore over Alabama and Florida , immediately east of the area shown here , a few hours before the image was acquired .
The storm ’s wind and waves may have churned up waters farther west .
A second source of sediment is visible along the shore .
Many rivers , including the Mississippi River , drain into the Gulf of Mexico in this region .
The river plumes are dark brown that fade to tan and green as the sediment dissipates .
According to the National Climate Data Center , October 2009 was the wettest October in the 115 - year weather record for the south - central United States , which includes the area shown in this image .
Rivers throughout the region ran high , likely carrying more sediment than usual into the Gulf .
The rivers also carry nutrients like iron from soil and nitrogen from fertilizers .
These nutrients fuel the growth of phytoplankton , tiny , plant - like organisms that grow in the ocean surface waters .
Phytoplankton blooms color the ocean blue and green and may be contributing to the color seen here .
The large image provided above is the highest - resolution version of the image available .
The image is available in additional resolutions from the MODIS Rapid Response System .
NASA images courtesy Jeff Schmaltz , MODIS Rapid Response Team at NASA GSFC .
Caption by Holli Riebeek , NASA ’s Earth Observatory .
Damien
Hirst 's paintings hang in a single , long space at the Wallace Collection , on walls covered in blue silk with a vertical stripe .
The setting is extremely theatrical – just like the rest of the museum .
Through a doorway , at a distance , is Nicolas Poussin 's late 1630s Dance to the Music of Time .
This stares back at Hirst 's painting of a single skull , on a murky blue - black background .
Hirst locates himself at the sharp end of art history .
This is brave .
It is also hubristic .
Three - hundred and seventy years stand between Hirst 's No Love Lost and Poussin .
In the rooms beyond hang Titian and Frans Hals , Rembrandt and any number of gilded rococo fripperies .
But the artist Hirst is really confronting here is Francis Bacon , the absent ghost at the feast .
Bacon 's pin-striped businessmen from the 1950s appear to provide Hirst 's model .
Instead of anxious executives , though , Hirst gives us the skull without the skin : skull after skull floating in blue gloom , along with glass ashtrays , cigarettes and lighters and glasses of water – half - full or half - empty , like life itself .
It 's the old mortality shtick .
There 's a shark 's jaw , open like a man-trap , an iguana that looks more dead than alive , and the odd stag beetle .
Floating Skull ( 2006 ) .
Photograph courtesy Damien Hirst and the Wallace Collection
Everything is rendered in white against a full - strength blue - black that is as chemical and coppery as spilled ink .
This colour infects everything it touches .
The only flashes of colour are provided by the occasional lemon , a bit of intrusive dull green foliage , the plastic lighters .
Rows of white dots decorate some paintings , in memory of Hirst 's interminable dot paintings , and most of the images are traversed by spidery white lines , like cracks in a pane of glass , or Bacon 's figure - trapping space frames .
They outline the corners of tables or rooms , but most signify nothing more than the semblance of some sort of thoughtful , structural drawing .
My suspicion is that they 're there just to give the surface a bit of life .
As well as Bacon , Jasper Johns 's skulls are somewhere in the mix ; Alberto Giacometti's worrying , nervous line ; a touch of English neo-romanticism ; and , perhaps most of all , the spectral phantoms of American painter Ross Bleckner , which similarly glow with a frosty chill against the eternal dark .
Other Hirsts here depict dull , crusty roses in a vase , surrounded by flitting butterflies .
The paint on the butterflies is all puckered up , as if Hirst has kissed them on to the surface .
This is a nice touch .
Requiem , White Roses and Butterflies ( 2008 ) .
Photograph courtesy Damien Hirst and the Wallace Collection
The most successful works depict figures , half - hidden behind scuffed - on branches and tree trunks , which remind you of Bacon 's paintings of Van Gogh going to work .
The titles are toe - curling and portentous , though : Witness at the Birth of Medusa is the hoariest .
Others are called Guardian .
I think of lurking editors hanging about in the woods , waiting to pounce .
There 's a lot of niggling overdrawing .
In the 1950s Bacon was great at scribbling - in far - off figures or clunky cars on a distant highway .
Hirst cannot compete .
Bacon 's work had an air of authority ; he also exercised a lot of quality control , and threw the things that did n't work out .
I do n't think Hirst does .
This is painting as method acting .
He just keeps at it .
Hirst 's paintings lack the kind of theatricality and grandeur that made Bacon succeed .
At its worst , Hirst 's drawing just looks amateurish and adolescent .
His brushwork lacks that oomph and panache that makes you believe in the painter 's lies .
He can't yet carry it off .
I want to be encouraging .
It 's tough , trying to out - paint your influences , tougher still to keep failing at it so publicly .
As a painter , I too tried and failed .
Whatever his borrowings ,
Hirst did all this himself , unaided by his armies of assistants .
He fills up his art with dead things : even the iguanas look stuffed .
But these paintings are a memento mori for a reputation .
Trampoline function is a general term used to describe an additional level of indirection between the calling code and the called code .
For example , a trampoline can be used to intercept calls to a function and supply additional functionality that was not present on the original function ( see this Microsoft research project [ 2 ] to understand what is possible ) .
To illustrate the idea , here is a simple example of trampoline function that can be used effectivelly to eliminate recusive calls .
It is important to do this in languages like C because the compiler is usually unable to optimize tail calls , unlike languages such as Scheme .
The usual recursive way of calculating a factorial would be something like this :
int fact ( int x , int total ) { if ( x <= 1 ) return total ; return fact ( x - 1 , total * x ) ; } int main ( ) { printf ( " result is %d
" , fact ( 10 , 1 ) ) ; return 0 ; }
The problem with this version is that you are using the function stack to maintain the intermediate results .
While this is not really a problem here ( because the size of the integer is more of a limitation than the size of the stack ) , it can be a real concern in other recursive implementations .
Let us see what we can do using a trampoline function .
That is , instead of calling the function itself , we call a pointer to a function that is supposed to do what it needs to do , and then return a pointer to a place where we need to go next :
#include < stdlib.h > # include < stdio.h > typedef void * ( * Func ) ( int * x , int * total ) ; void * fact0 ( int * x , int * total ) { return NULL ; } void * fact ( int * x , int * total ) { if ( * x <= 1 ) return fact0 ; * total *= * x ; *x = * x - 1 ; printf ( " total %d , x : %d
" , * total , * x ) ; return fact ; } int main ( ) { int res=1 , n = 10 ; Func f = fact ; while ( f != NULL ) { f = ( Func ) f( &n , &res ) ; } printf ( " result is %d
" , res ) ; return 0 ; }
This also works , and now there is no problem with the stack size : at each time , the stack holds only the context for the function that is being called .
It is always possible to do something like this in a tail recursive function , because we do n’t need to store return information for the last call .
In fact , as mentioned by Knuth [ 1 ] , the method described above can be used to implement any algorithm .
This is exactly the direction taken when implementing some interpreters to scheme .
The basic idea is to use continuations to store control structure information , so that one never needs to return from a function .
However , as stack size is limited in languages such as C , the tactic explained above is used , so one can work with trampoline functions instead of continuations .
Tricky but useful when implementing functional languages .
For a similar example in Python , see [ 3 ] .
[ 1 ] Structured Programming With Goto Statements , D.E. Knuth , A.C.M. Computing Surveys , Vol. 6 , pp. 261-301 .
[ 2 ]
http://research.microsoft.com/apps/pubs/default.aspx?id=68568
[ 3 ]
http://mail.python.org/pipermail/tutor/2004-August/031553.html
Similar Posts :
Today we have a comic even though Tony solved a little fewer than 100 problems and Wes hung out in an octopus ’ garden .
This is a semantic issue , and does not magically get solved by macros .
Sorry , I was not clear enough .
I do n't assume that macros make the compatibility issues to completely go away - on the implementation side .
What I mean is that the user of libraries that are designed inside a language framework that allows " language extensions " to be implemented in a way that they can easily be made to be compatible would't have to worry about the issues .
Also , I can see that you like to limit the discussion to macros .
Please note that I 'm not just talking about macros .
Do n't try to put words into my mouth - it will backfire .
before you try making your contribution to the field of type theory Sorry , I have not been clear enough .
I 'm not particularly interested in type theory .
I believe I understand the basics of type theory well enough to be able to confidently say , for example , that there will never be a single perfect type system for all uses .
However , I 'm interested in metaprogramming .
I 'm interested in the possibility of using a metaprogramming facility provided by an extendable , but invariant , language framework to create a statically typed " embedded language " that integrates extremely well with the language framework and other similar embedded languages and language extension .
Second , in case you are interested , the simplistic type checking system ( a couple of macros and the simplistic type inference algorithm ) I implemented in Scheme does indeed define a type datatype .
For example , for reasons of simplicity , types are externally represented using a simple list based structure .
For example , the polymorphic identity function has the type ( -> 0 0 ) and the polymorphic map - function has the type : ( -> ( list 1 ) ( -> 1 0 ) ( list 0 ) ) .
The ( positive integer ) numbers represent bound type variables .
The symbols -> and list are type constructors .
Not if the compiler makes its functionality available as libraries which can be reused to write other program transformation tools .
If I interpret your suggestion simplistically , like you tend to do to my ideas , then your suggestion , which has been known to me for years , does n't come even close to solving the compatibility issues between separately developed language extensions .
For example , it does n't allow a language extension to " reason about " a special construct , whose semantics are defined by some other separately developed language extension .
In summary , I see no way that external mechanisms would yield the most modular , most elegant results .
The extension facility must be an integrated feature of the language framework .
Unless you can point to an example that , in your opinion , yields the most modular language extension framework and uses external tools and has demonstrably been used to define several dozen independently develoved language extensions , then it will be next to impossible for you to convince me , on this issue , about the validity of your viewpoint .
I am surprised , though , that you think `reduction of duplication ' is not addressed by modularity [ modularity / higher - order functions ]
One of the problems is that when you use higher - order functions , all bindings need to be explicit .
So , assuming that you would define a parsing function that would take a datatype that describes the syntax to be parsed and would contain slots for higher - order functions to implement the semantic actions , then each of those semantic actions would need to define repeated parameter bindings .
Are you understanding me yet ?
Yes , I think I understand your point .
It does n't mean that I would agree with you .
Imagine , for a moment , that instead of embedding CLOS into Common Lisp using macros , CLOS would have been implemented by defining a completely new incompatible dialect of Common Lisp .
If you do n't understand what I 'm getting at here , then I do n't think that we need to discuss issues that relate to the topic of " Defining a new language vs Defining a new extension library " , because we simply do not agree on the issue .
The way I see it , it does not make sense to create a new language [ dialect ] each time a simple language extension is desired .
It is stupid , naive , wasteful , reinventing of the wheel .
As an aside , I hope that you understand that I 'm actually pretty competent in using higher - order techniques and macros .
I know very well when something can easily be implemented using higher - order procedures .
This only suggests that either the Java designers did not design their language well enough , or that the Java programmers have not been educated well enough in how to properly use the language .
I would agree on both counts .
I see programmers solving real problems rather than pontificating about how to design a more `natural ' syntax or designing half - baked language extensions which neither solve real problems nor facilitate solving them .
hmm ...
I 'm not sure how to interpret that .
Perhaps I should take it as a personal insult that intends to imply that because you do n't agree with my idea of an extendable language , then I must be a bad designer that complains about his tools because he does n't know how to use them .
If you are interested in seeing the kind of designs that I produce , then I 'd instruct you to take a look at an ongoing school project whose JavaDoc documentation is available here .
( I 've returned to school to complete my degree and continue as a researcher after 6 years of working in the industry .
I have about 13 years of experience in programming ( at the time of writing this ) .
Of course , the last ~ 10 years have been much more intensive than the first couple of years . )
The following packages might be particularly interesting to LtU readers : - Framework for functional objects - Higher - order procedures in Java - Template methods for Graph algorithms
Feel free to e-mail critique relating to the software to me privately - or post it publicly if you want .
Do note that the choice of Java was an external requirement .
I would not have personally chosen Java .
Products , sums , recursive datatypes Tautological , dear Watson .
Perhaps
I do n't understand what you are talking about here , but if you are talking about the same things that the above terms describe to me , then I have to disagree .
Things such as variants and pattern matching can rather easily be described using syntax - case macros .
As an aside , I have often observed that many " naive , brainwashed , static typers " confuse static typing with the ability to design data representations in certain ways .
When I first learned Ocaml , it also first seemed to me that variants and pattern matching had something to do with static typing .
Shortly , however , I understood that the two issues are ortohogonal .
higher - order functions I would also add lambda - expressions , or anonymous procedures , to the above .
Now , I think that this can be done using a reasonably modular ( macro ) transformation .
Of course , if the base language does n't support any way to invoke a function indirectly , the task becomes much more difficult .
However , I think such a requirement is not very realistic .
Assume that we would be working in Scheme , except that it would only support the definition of top - level functions and would also have special syntax for calling functions through " function pointers " .
We could then implement higher - order procedures , lexical binding and anonymous procedures using a macro system such as the syntax - case macro system .
The basic idea is to either redefine the top - level form for definitions or , if redefinition is not possible , to provide an alternative form for top - level definitions that transforms the definitions in the following ways : - Transforms the code to perform closure creation .
A closure holds the arity of the procedure , the pointer to the procedure and the parameters to the procedure .
- Replaces calls to [ functional ] values by code that dispatches to a closure .
- Performs lambda - lifting .
Of course , we would then have to use the special macro for top - level definitions to be able to use higher - order procedures and lambda - expressions .
Code that would not be written using the special top - level definition macros would have to use special protocols for procedure calls , but it would be technically possible .
Code using the new top - level definition forms could also call code that does n't use the new top - level definition forms .
call / cc
This can be done using a similar , reasonably modular transformation as previously explained .
The only essential requirement is that the core language must perform tail - call optimization .
Otherwise the task becomes much more complicated .
[ Think trampolining transformation . ] state I 'm not sure what you mean by this .
Please explain this more carefully .
Are you talking about a context in which the core language would be purely functional ?
If so , then you must be aware of the fact that it is indeed possible to simulate stateful programming in a purely functional language , but it is not particularly efficient .
[ Think interpretation . ] nondeterminism , laziness , strictness , static typing ...
All of these could be done reasonably modularly using techniques similar to the ones I described above .
shall I go on ?
Please do .
So far you have not provided any examples that I have not already thought about before ( except perhaps " state " , because I 'm not certain what you mean by it ) , and I 'd definitely like to hear about issues that I have n't thought about , because they may turn out to be important .
Please note that I 'm not claiming that by designing a hopelessly brainfucked , but technically Turing - complete , core language and then attaching a powerful syntactic abstraction system on top of the idiotic core language would be a good way to design the kind of language framework I 'm thinking about .
I have n't , of course , yet designed the framework , but at the moment it would seem to that the minimal core language I would use : - would offer O ( 1 ) time imperative updates , - would have full ( syntactic ) tail - call optimization , - would probably support partial application of procedures , - would offer both dynamically checked and unchecked primitive operators .
Of course , the above list is n't complete or final - do n't interpret it as such .
Let me anticipate your response .
You will say these these things can be implemented by surrounding your entire program with a macro .
Good .
I can see that we agree here .
This is the exact reason why I think that a simple macro system may not be good enough .
On the other hand , I can already see reasonably modular techniques for implementing these things using a macro system similar to the syntax - case macro system of Scheme .
However , I can also imagine the benefits of having a fundamentally syntactic abstraction mechanism , or a compile - time metaprogramming facility , or a integrated program transformation system , that would indeed allow such things to be implemented highly modularly .
Allowing religious organisations to discriminate runs contrary to community standards .
WHY are Victorian religious groups committed to inequality ?
I thought that it was a Christian precept that everyone was equal before God .
As with Animal Farm , however , it appears that some are more equal than others .
In a surprise move that pre-empted the report of the parliamentary Scrutiny of Acts and Regulations Committee Inquiry into Exceptions and Exemptions in the Equal Opportunity Act , Attorney - General Rob Hulls has announced that religious organisations may continue to discriminate selectively .
Although they will not be permitted to discriminate on the grounds of race , disability , political belief , age , physical features or breastfeeding , they will be permitted to discriminate on the grounds of sex , marital status or sexuality .
While the proscription on the ground of the first cluster is claimed to represent an ' ' advance ' ' on the present position , the continuing exception in respect of the latter is a retrograde step .
It also imports a curious ranking of grounds based on a questionable moralising subtext that does not accord with contemporary community attitudes .
The exception would continue to conflict with the objectives of the act itself , which promotes equal opportunity for everyone , and the elimination ( as far as possible ) of discrimination between people .
First published Mon Feb 2 , 2004 ; substantive revision Fri Apr 1 , 2016
Section 1 provides a brief history of Simpson ’s Paradox , a statement and diagnosis of the arithmetical structures that give rise to it , and the boundary conditions for its occurrence .
Section 2 examines patterns of invalid reasoning that have their sources in Simpson ’s Paradox and possible ways of countering its effects .
A particularly important case where Simpson ’s Paradox has been invalidly employed is discussed in Section 3 .
It has been mooted that paradoxical data provide counter - examples to the Sure Thing Principle in theories of rational choice .
Why such data appear to provide counter - examples to the Sure Thing Principle is explained , and the appearance that they do so is dispelled .
Section 4 discusses the roles and implications of paradoxical data for theories of causal inference and for analyses of causal relations in terms of probabilities .
While the conclusions of this section are largely negative , Section 5 illustrates how apparently paradoxical data can support causal models for the evolution of traits that at first appear to be incompatible with a setting in which natural selection disadvantages individuals that exhibit the traits .
Call this principle Simpson ’s Reversal of Inequalities .
Failure to recognise such reversals can lead to the abovementioned pitfalls about what to do , what to believe , what to infer , and what causes what .
Even when actual and possible reversals are recognized , pitfalls remain .
On a positive note , once the possibilities of Simpson ’s Reversals are recognized , they provide a rich resource for constructing causal models that help to explain many facts that appear at first to be anomolous .
Moreover , there is a test called the “ back - door criterion ” ( Pearl 1993 ) which can be used to help resolve the question of whether one should base a decision on the statistics from the aggregate population or from the partitioned subpopulations .
An association between a pair of variables can consistently be inverted in each subpopulation of a population when the population is partitioned , and conversely , associations in each subpopulation can be inverted when data are aggregated .
While no capsul can be good for men and women , yet bad for people , or good for people while being bad for men and women , the imagined data ( see below ) on which FIXIT based its recommendations exhibit patterns that are both arithmetically possible and turn up in actual data sets .
While there is nothing paradoxical about the existence of such data from the standpoint of arithmetic , they do pose problems for practical decision making ( e.g. , would you want to be treated with Fixit ’s capsuls in light of the reported clinical trials ? ) , for heuristics used in intuitive reasoning about probabilities , for inferences from data to causal relations , and more generally , for philosophical programs that aim to eliminate or reduce causation to regularities and relations between probabilities .
The company also markets FIXIT - Z - capsuls .
The label on these carry the advice that Z - capsuls are recommended for people who suffer from Z , but not for males and not for females .
As the fine print on the label goes on to explain :
1. Simpson ’s Paradox : Its History , Diagnosis , and Boundary Conditions
1.1 History
In a seminal paper published in 1951 , E. H. Simpson drew attention to a simple fact about fractions that has a wide variety of surprising applications ( Simpson 1951 ) .
The applications arise from the close connections between proportions , percentages , probabilities , and their representations as fractions .
While statisticians in the early 20th Century had known of the problems for statistics to which Simpson drew attention , it was his witty and surprising illustrations of them that earned them the title of being paradoxical ( cf. Yule 1903 ) .
In 1934 , Morris Cohen and Ernst Nagel introduced philosophers to one aspect of the problems posed by paradoxical data .
They cited actual death rates in 1910 from tuberculosis in Richmond , Virginia and New York , New York that verified the following propositions ( Cohen & Nagel 1934 ) : [ 1 ]
The death rate for African Americans was lower in Richmond than in New York .
The death rate for Caucasians was lower in Richmond than in New York .
The death rate for the total combined population of African Americans and Caucasians was higher in Richmond than in New York .
They next posed two questions about the data concerning mortality rates : “ Does it follow that tuberculosis caused [ italics added ] a greater mortality in Richmond than in New York … ” and “ … are the two populations that are compared really comparable , that is , homogeneous ? ” ( Cohen & Nagel 1934 ) .
After posing the questions , they left it as an exercise for the reader to answer them .
Following the publication of Simpson ’s paper , statisticians initiated a lively debate about the significance of facts like those that are verified by the tables Cohen and Nagel cited .
The debate sought constraints on statistical practice that would avoid conundrums arising from actual and possible paradoxical data .
However , this debate did not address the first question posed by Cohen and Nagel concerning causal inference .
As Judea Pearl notes in his survey of the statistical literature on Simpson ’s paradox , statisticians had an aversion to talk of causal relations and causal inference that was based on the belief that the concept of causation was unsuited to and unnecessary for scientific methods of inquiry and theory construction ( Pearl 2000 , 173 –181 ) .
Philosophical interest in Simpson ’s paradox was rekindled by Nancy Cartwright ’s use of it in support of her claims that appeals to causal laws and causal capacities are required by scientific inquiry and by theories of rational choice ( Cartwright 1979 ) .
She aimed to show that reliance on regularities and frequencies on which probability judgments can be based are not sufficient for representing causal relations .
In particular , tests of scientific theories and philosophical analyses of causation and causal inference need to provide answers to questions like those posed by Cohen and Nagel : e.g. , is it possible that tuberculosis caused greater mortality in Richmond than New York even if the mortality rates for each sub-population classified by race appears to suggest otherwise ?
If causal relations track regularities , what system of causal relations can achieve such effects ?
Once representations of causal relations that provide answers to questions like those posed by Cohen and Nagel are at hand , the representations turn out to have interpretations that provide causal models for a range of interesting and puzzling phenomena .
These include causal models for the evolution of altruism as a stable trait in a population even though altruistic acts disadvantage those who perform them and advantage their competitors .
( See Sober 1993 , and Sober & Wilson 1998 , which develop these themes in detail in the areas of population biology and sociobiology . )
Examples of such models are formulated and discussed in Section 5 .
1.2 What is Simpson ’s Paradox : A Diagnosis
For some whole numbers we may have :
\ [ \begin{align} a/b &\lt A/B , \\ c/d &\lt C/D , \text{ and}\\ ( a + c ) / ( b + d ) &\gt ( A + C ) / ( B + D ) . \end{align}\ ]
Call this a Simpson ’s Reversal of Inequalities .
Below is an instructive illustration .
The arithmetical inequalities on which it is based are :
\[ \begin{align} 1/5 &\lt 2/8 \\ 6/8 &\lt 4/5 \\ 7/13 &\gt 6/13 . \end{align}\ ]
The following interpretation of the structure illustrates why it can give rise to perplexity .
The example is loosely based on a discrimination suit that was brought against the University of California , Berkeley ( see Bickle et al. , 1975 ) .
Suppose that a University is trying to discriminate in favour of women when hiring staff .
It advertises positions in the Department of History and in the Department of Geography , and only those departments .
Five men apply for the positions in History and one is hired , and eight women apply and two are hired .
The success rate for men is twenty percent , and the success rate for women is twenty - five percent .
The History Department has favoured women over men .
In the Geography Department eight men apply and six are hired , and five women apply and four are hired .
The success rate for men is seventy - five percent and for women it is eighty percent .
The Geography Department has favoured women over men .
Yet across the University as a whole 13 men and 13 women applied for jobs , and 7 men and 6 women were hired .
The success rate for male applicants is greater than the success rate for female applicants .
Men Women History 1/5 \( \lt\ ) 2/8 Geography 6/8 \( \lt\ ) 4/5 University 7/13 \( \gt\ ) 6/13
How can it be that each Department favours women applicants , and yet overall men fare better than women ?
There is a ‘ bias in the sampling ’ , but it is not easy to see exactly where this bias arises .
There were 13 male and 13 female applicants : equal sample sizes for both groups .
Geography and History had 13 applicants each : equal sample sizes again .
Nor does the trouble lie in the fact that the samples are small : multiply all the numbers by 1000 and the puzzle remains .
Then the reversal of inequalities becomes fairly robust : you can add or subtract quite a few from each of those thousands without disturbing the Simpson ’s Reversal .
The key to this puzzling example lies in the fact that more women are applying for jobs that are harder to get .
It is harder to make your way into History than into Geography .
( To get into Geography you just have to be born ; to get into History you have to do something memorable . )
Of the women applying for jobs , more are applying for jobs in History than in Geography , and the reverse is true for men .
History hired only 3 out of 13 applicants , whereas Geography hired 10 out of 13 applicants .
Hence the success rate was much higher in Geography , where there were more male applicants .
1.3 Boundary Conditions for Simpson ’s Reversals
Simpson ’s Reversal of Inequalities occurs for a wide range of values that can be substituted for \ ( a\ ) , \( b\ ) , \( c\ ) , \( d\ ) , \( A\ ) , \ ( B\ ) , \ ( C\ ) , \( D\ ) in the above schema .
The values fall within a broad band that lies between two extremes :
On one extreme , slightly more women are applying for jobs that are much harder to get .
Men Women History 1/45 \ ( \lt\ ) 5/55 Geography 50/55 \ ( \lt\ ) 45/45 University 51/100 \( \gt\ ) 50/100
On the other extreme , many more women are applying for jobs that are slightly harder to get .
Men Women History 4/5 \ ( \lt\ ) 90/95 Geography 94/95 \( \lt\ ) 5/5 University 98/100 \( \gt\ ) 95/100
Further , the numerators and denominators of fractions that instantiate the schematic pattern can be uniformly multiplied by any positive number without perturbing the relations between the fractions .
Fractions that exhibit these patterns correspond to percentages and probabilities .
In their probabilistic form , Colin Blyth provides the following boundary conditions for Simpson ’s Reversals ( Blyth 1972 ) .
Let ‘ \ ( P\ ) ’ represent a probability function , and take conditional probabilities to be ratios of unconditional probabilities in accordance with their orthodox definition ; i.e. , reading the ‘/’ in the context \ ( P( - \mid\ldots ) \ ) as ‘ given that ’ ,
\[ P( A\mid B ) = P( A \amp B ) / P( B ) , \text { provided that } P ( B ) \text{ is positive .} \]
Blyth notes that from a mathematical standpoint , subject to the conditions
\ [ \begin{align} P( A\mid B\amp C ) &\ge \delta \cdot P( A\mid {\sim}B\amp C ) \\ P( A\mid B\amp { \sim}C ) &\ge \delta \cdot P( A\mid {\sim}B\amp { \sim}C ) \end{align} \ ]
with \ ( \delta \ge 1\ ) , it is possible to have
\[ P( A\mid B ) \approx 0 \text { and } P( A\mid {\sim}B ) \approx 1 / \delta . \]
On the assumption that the propositions of arithmetic are necessary , these possibilities are tantamount to existence conditions in arithmetic .
The schema :
[ If it is possible that \ ( A\ ) is necessary , then \ ( A\ ) ]
is valid in a large family of modal logics .
The boundary conditions for Simpson ’s Reversals allow that any probabilistic association between \ ( A\ ) and \ ( B\ ) can be inverted in some further partition of \ ( B\ ) .
From the standpoint of arithmetic there is a partition \( \{\ ) C , \( {\sim} \ ) C\( \}\ ) within which associations between \ ( A\ ) and \ ( B\ ) are inverted .
An important related consequence is that it is always mathematically possible to provide some condition or factor \ ( C\ ) that renders \ ( A\ ) probabilistically independent of \ ( B\ ) when \ ( C\ ) is conjoined with \ ( B\ ) as a condition on \ ( A\ ) and with \( {\sim}B\ ) as a condition on \ ( A\ ) .
These facts of arithmetic carry no empirical significance by themselves .
However , they do have methodological significance insofar as substantive empirical assumptions are required to identify salient partitions for making inferences from statistical and probability relationships .
The need for substantive empirical assumptions arises in settings where there are instances of arithmetical possibilities that are marked out by Simpson ’s Reversals in urn models and in possible and actual empirical settings .
For example , consider an urn model for our story about the success rates for job applicants .
The model consists of twenty - six balls .
Each ball is labeled with one of the elements from the sets \( \{M , {\sim}M\} , \ {H , {\sim}H\}\ ) , and \( \{S , {\sim}S\}\ ) , e.g. , a given ball might be labeled \( [ {\sim}M , H , {\sim}S ] \ )
Assume that the labels are distributed to correspond to the distributions of job applicants .
In trials of drawing balls from the urn with replacement , the associations between the \ ( M\ ) ’s , \( H\ ) ’s , and \( S\ ) ’s in the sub- populations , and the reverse association between \ ( M\ ) ’s and \ ( S\ ) ’s in the overall population , are resilient .
The resilient associations are due only to the structure of the model and do not have any causal significance .
By way of contrast , substantive assumptions are required to draw inferences in other cases .
Patterns in data that fall within the boundary conditions for Simpson ’s Reversals of Inequalities can raise problems for testing and evaluating empirical hypotheses , e.g. , testing the effectiveness and safety of medical procedures .
A course of treatment for a malady that affects the staff of History and Geography can be correlated with a lower death rate for treated compared with untreated patients in History , and a lower death rate for treated compared with untreated patients in Geography ; yet , the course of treatment may nevertheless correlate with a higher death rate when treated patients are compared with untreated patients overall .
Conversely , a treatment can be correlated with higher mortality rates in each sub-population , while it is correlated with a lower mortality rate in the total population .
In such cases it is far from clear what , if anything , to conclude from the correlations about the effectiveness and safety of the treatment .
[ 2 ]
Moreover , with patterns like those surmised for this example , different ways of partitioning the same data can produce different correlations that appear to be incompatible with the correlations under the initial way of partitioning the data .
E.g. , under a partition by academic discipline , patients appear to fare worse when treated , even though there can be a positive correlation in the total population between treatments and recoveries .
This is consistent with a positive correlation between treatments and recoveries when the population is partitioned by gender .
While Historians and Geographers each fare worse given the treatment , males and females from the two Departments can each fare better given the treatment , and these facts are consistent with the combined population faring better , or with the combined population faring worse . [ 3 ]
The aforementioned possibilities are due to the fact that the following formulae are collectively consistent .
Take ‘ \ ( P\ ) ’ to be a probability function .
Probability models can be provided that verify the consistency of the set consisting of the following formulae :
\ [ \begin{align} P( A\mid B ) &\gt P( A\mid {\sim}B ) \\ P( A\mid B \amp C ) &\lt P( A\mid {\sim}B \amp C ) \\ P( A\mid B \amp { \sim}C ) &\lt P( A\mid {\sim}B \amp { \sim}C ) \\ P ( A\mid B \amp D ) &\gt P( A\mid {\sim}B \amp D ) \\ P( A\mid B \amp { \sim}D ) &\gt P( A\mid {\sim}B \amp { \sim}D ) \\ \end{align}\ ]
Similar inequalities are possible with signs reversed , and equalities that represent probabilistic independence are consistent with positive and / or negative associations in partitions of the populations .
These facts are not paradoxical from an arithmetical point of view .
However , regularities that can be represented by them cannot all be assigned causal significance , and probabilistic equalities that are sufficient for probabilistic independence cannot all be taken to represent causal independence .
Standard statistical methods for significance testing offer no insurance against conflicting results when data are partitioned or consolidated .
In a setting where the effectiveness of a new medical treatment is under test , the following data support rejecting the null hypothesis , at the .05 level , that treatment \ ( T\ ) makes no difference to recovery \ ( R\ ) , where the alternative to the null hypothesis is that treatment is favorable for recovery . [ 4 ]
\( R\ ) \( {\sim}R\ ) \( T\ ) 369 340 \( {\sim}T\ ) 152 176
However , in this model , when the population is further partitioned by gender , the opposite recommendation for males and for females is supported at the .05 level of significance .
\( RM\ ) \( {\sim}RM\ ) \( R{\sim}M\ ) \( {\sim}R{\sim}M\ ) \( T\ ) 48 152 321 188 \( {\sim}T\ ) 73 145 79 31
Take the null hypothesis to be that there is no association between treatments and recoveries , and the alternative to the null hypothesis that treatment is less favorable for recovery than no treatment .
Rejecting the null hypothesis falls within the .05 level of significance for both the \ ( M\ ) - tables and the \( {\sim}M\ ) - tables .
So , when the consolidated data are considered , treatment is favored , but when the population is partitioned by gender , no treatment is favored for both males and females .
A further partition , e.g. , a partition by age groups , can reverse the associations within partitions by gender .
So treatments can be positively correlated with recoveries in the total population , negatively correlated with recoveries when the population is partitioned by gender , and positively correlated with recoveries when the population is partitioned by age .
The generality of the boundary conditions for Simpson ’s reversals of inequalities guarantees that there always are models in arithmetic that accomodate data and support conflicting recommendations .
Arithmetic is silent on which partitions to take as the basis for evaluating conflicts between hypotheses given data and the ways data can be partitioned .
2. Simpson ’s Reversals of Inequalities as Sources of Invalid Reasoning
Intuitive reasoning about percentages and probability relations is notoriously accident prone .
The example that was based on the suit brought against Berkeley illustrated how a bias in hiring practices in each department of a university can be inverted when the data are pooled .
But many people at least initially would deem it impossible that a higher percentage of males were successful in a setting where females had higher success rates in each department in which appointments were made .
One way to view the flaw in intuitive reasoning that arises from Simpson ’s Reversals is by noting that the representation of data from partitions of a population as fractions and the uses to which the fractions are put when data are pooled to get statistics on total populations is not guaranteed to maintain the relations between fractions within the partitions .
Proper fractions have infinitely many equivalent representations .
For example , 1/ \( 2 = 2/4 = 4/8 =\ldots \ ) .
Now recall the form of relations between fractions in terms of which Simpson ’s Reversals were illustrated , i.e. ,
\ [ \begin{align} a/b &\lt A/B , \\ c/d &\lt C/D , \text{ and}\\ ( a + c ) / ( b + d ) &\gt ( A + C ) / ( B + D ) . \end{align}\ ]
Now , treating terms as proper fractions , we can have \( a /b = 2a/2b\ ) , and \( A/ B = 5A / 5B \ ) ; \( c/d = 3c /3d\ ) , and \( C/D = 4C / 4D\ ) .
However , when these equivalent representations are pooled , the resulting relations between fractions will often differ from the original relations .
E.g. , \( ( 2a + 3 c ) / ( 2 b + 3d ) \ ) can be more or less than \(( a + c ) / ( b + d ) \ ) .
Hence , it is invalid to conclude that relations between percentages or ratios when data are pooled will conform to the regularities that are exhibited by the sets that comprise partitions of the data .
Equivalent representations of ratios make different contributions when data are pooled .
One way to arithmetically counter this difficulty is by ‘ normalizing ’ the representations of data from sub-populations and only pooling the normalized representations of the data .
Normalizing data counters the effects of skewing by providing constant denominators for the fractions that represent the data , and by representing the sub-populations that are compared as if they were of equal sizes in the relevant respects in terms of which they are compared .
However , Simpson ’s Reversals show that there are numerous ways of partitioning a population that are consistent with associations in the total population .
A partition by gender might indicate that both males and females fared worse when provided with a new treatment , while a partition of the same population by age indicated that patients under fifty , and patients fifty and older both fared better given the new treatment .
Normalizing data from different ways of partitioning the same population will provide incompatible conclusions about the associations that hold in the total population .
A related point comes out even more vividly when fractions are interpreted as probabilities .
It was noted above that a Simpson ’s Reversal can take the following probabilistic form :
It is possible to have
\ [ \begin{align} P( A\mid B ) &\gt P( A\mid {\sim}B ) , \text { where} \\ ( A\mid B \amp C ) &\lt P( A\mid {\sim}B \amp C ) \text{ and }\\ P( A\mid B \amp { \sim}C ) &\lt P( {\sim}B \amp { \sim}C ) .
\end{align}\ ]
One way for intuitive reasoning to overlook this possibility is by overlooking the so - called law of total probability and its relevance to this setting .
From the probability calculus we have the following equivalences that represent probabilities as weighted averages .
\ [ \begin{align} P( A\mid B ) &= P ( A\mid B \amp C ) P( B\mid C ) + P( A\mid B \amp { \sim}C ) P( B\mid { \sim}C ) \\ P( A\mid {\sim}B ) &= P ( A\mid {\sim}B \amp C ) P( {\sim}B\mid C ) + P( A\mid {\sim}B \amp { \sim}C ) P( {\sim}B \ mid { \sim}C ) \end{align} \ ]
Skewed weights for \ ( P( B\mid C ) \ ) , \( P( B\mid {\sim}C ) \ ) , \( P( {\sim}B\mid C ) \ ) , and \( P( {\sim}B\mid {\sim}C ) \ ) create the range of possibilities that are marked out by the boundary conditions for Simpson ’s Reversals .
E.g. , let
\ [ \begin{align} P( A\mid B ) &= .54 \ text{ and} \\ P( A\mid {\sim}B ) &= .44 \end{align} \ ]
So , \ ( B\ ) is positively relevant to \ ( A\ ) .
Let the weights that feature in the representation of these probabilities in terms of a factor \ ( C\ ) be as follows :
\ [ \begin{align} P( B\mid C ) &= .28 , \\ P ( {\sim}B\mid C ) &= .72 , \\ P( B\mid { \sim}C ) &= .66 , \text{ and} \\ P ( {\sim}B\mid {\sim}C ) &= .34 \end{align} \ ]
Given these weightings , \ ( B\ ) will be positively relevant to \ ( A\ ) , but it will be negatively relevant to \ ( A\ ) in each of the cells provided by the partition \( \{C , {\sim}C\}\ ) .
I.e. , [5 ]
\ [ \begin{align} P( A\mid B\amp C ) &= .27 , \\ P ( A\mid B\amp{\sim}C ) &= .33 , \\ P ( A\mid {\sim}B\amp C ) &= .64 , \text{ and} \\ P( A\mid {\sim}B \amp { \sim}C ) &= .66 \end{align} \ ]
If intuitive reasoners generally ignore the roles that weights play or fail to play in their reasoning about probability , they are apt to be taken aback when Simpson ’s Reversals turn up in actual or possible data .
A disposition to ignore weightings in intuitive reasoning could arise from ignorance , habit , or as a defeasible heuristic when reasoning about probability relations .
Of course it is an empirical question whether such oversight is the source of invalid reasoning , or whether another hypothesis better explains why many people find Simpson ’s Reversals to be impossible at first , and why the reversals continue to be surprising even after their source has been explained to them .
3. Do Paradoxical Data Provide Counter - examples to the Sure Thing Principle ?
The so - called Sure Thing Principle ( hereafter STP ) is fundamental for theories of rational decision .
L. J. Savage provides the following formulation of it :
If you would definitely prefer \ ( g\ ) to \( f\ ) , either knowing that the event \ ( C\ ) obtained , or knowing that the event \ ( C\ ) did not obtain , then you definitely prefer \ ( g\ ) to \( f\ ) ( Savage 1954 , 21 –2 ) .
In theories of rational choice in which preferences are ordered by the rule of maximizing expected utility , STP is a consequence of the fact that the expected utility of an option can be represented as a probabilistically weighted average of the expected utilities of mutually exclusive and collectively exhaustive ways the world could be on the assumption that the option is chosen .
E.g. , with ‘ EU ’ representing a function that assigns expected utilities and ‘ P’ a probability function ,
\[ EU( A ) = EU ( A\amp B ) P( B ) + EU ( A\amp {\sim}B ) P( {\sim}B ) . \]
When you know that \ ( B\ ) holds , it becomes a parameter for the expected utility of \ ( A\ ) , and similarly when you know that \( {\sim} B\ ) holds .
So if the expected value that is assigned to \ ( C\ ) is less than \ ( A\ ) on the assumption you know that \ ( B\ ) obtains , and similary on the assumption that \ ( B\ ) does not obtain , then the expected value of \ ( C\ ) is unconditionally less than the expected value of \ ( A\ ) .
Now suppose that you are offered bets on applicants gaining jobs in the example concerning the two departments .
Your options are to bet on a randomly drawn successful applicant being male , or to bet on a randomly drawn successful applicant being female .
Let \ ( C\ ) be the event of applying for a job in History , and \( {\sim}C\ ) be the event of applying for a job in Geography .
( Every person in the relevant domain applies for exactly one position . )
Given that the success rates for females were greater than that for males in both departments , does the STP recommend that you should back females as the bettor ’s choice ?
One might ( invalidly ) reason as follows : given that females have a greater chance of success in their applications given \ ( C\ ) and given \( {\sim}C\ ) , STP recommends a preference for bets on females in a lottery in which you are betting on the gender of successful applicants .
Of course , this would be bad advice in the setting of the example , as the success rate for males was greater overall .
Given a suitably large number of bets , a clever bookie could be assured of a handsome profit if bettors backed females in the competitions for jobs .
Their success rate was lower than their male competitors ’ success rate overall despite being higher in each department .
To see what has gone awry in the attempt to apply STP in this setting it suffices to note that a random draw from successful applicants is made from the mixture that contains males and females , and there are more males in the mixture .
( Recall that females were applying in greater numbers for jobs that were harder to get . )
It is insufficient for the applicability of the Principle that probabilities line up with females having a greater chance of success in each department .
The Principle applies to preferences , taken as weighted averages of utilities with probabilities supplying the weights .
The presented options are
(1) A randomly drawn successful applicant is female .
(2) A randomly drawn successful applicant is male .
To be told that a selected applicant applied for a position in History ( C ) or in Geography \( ( {\sim} \ ) C ) does not affect the probabilities of success in the mixture .
This is evident when the expected utilities of the options are explicitly represented as weighted averages .
Using ‘ M ’ for male , ‘ \( {\sim} \ ) M ’ for female , ‘ S ’ for successful , and ‘ C ’ and ‘ \ ( {\sim} \ ) C ’ as above , the expected utilities for the options are as follows .
\[\begin{align*}\tag{1} EU ( {\sim}M\amp S ) &= EU ( {\sim}M\amp S\amp C ) P( C\mid S\amp { \sim}M ) \\ &\quad + EU ( {\sim}M\amp S\amp { \sim}C ) P( {\sim}C \mid S\amp { \sim}M ) \\ \tag{2} EU ( M\amp S ) &= EU ( M\amp S\amp C ) P( C\mid S\amp M ) \\ & \quad + EU ( M\amp S\amp { \sim}C ) P( {\sim}C\mid S\amp M ) \end{align *}\ ]
Given the figures that were used in the example , the probability relations between the weightings are as follows :
\ [ \begin{align} P( C\mid S\amp { \sim}M ) &\gt P( C\mid S\amp M ) \text { and }\\ P ( {\sim}C\mid S\amp {\sim}M ) &\gt P( {\sim}C\mid S\amp M ) . \end{align}\ ]
It is these relations that are the source of the illusion that STP selects Option 1 .
The probability of a successful female applicant having applied for a position in History is greater than that of her male competitor among the applicants in History , and similarly for females in Geography .
If the candidates had been sorted by their applications to the respective departments , where females had higher success rates , and the drawing was done from a randomly chosen department ( with repeated draws and replacement until a successful applicant is drawn ) rather than from the mixture of successful applicants , then the best choice would be for the gender with the higher success rates in the respective departments , i.e. , females .
Such an arrangement would not be affected by the fact that more women applied for jobs that were harder to get .
But that is not the arrangement that has been stipulated for the bets where selection is made from the pooled successful applicants .
The chances of selecting a male ( or a female ) from that mixture are independent of the department to which the successful applicants had applied .
Accordingly , rational bettors will find STP to be inapplicable in the setting , because they will not have the preferences that its application requires , i.e. , a preference for females , given that they applied for a job in History ( C ) , and a preference for females , given that they applied for a job in Geography \( ( {\sim}C ) \ ) .
For rational bettors ,
\[\begin{align} EU({\sim}M\amp S ) &= EU ( {\sim}M\amp S\amp C ) \\ &= EU ( {\sim}M\amp S\amp { \sim}C ) , \end{align} \ ]
and similarly for \ ( M\ ) ’s , while , on the figures provided in the example ,
\[ EU ( {\sim}M\amp S ) \lt EU ( M\amp S ) . \]
While Simpson ’s Reversals do not support decisions that conflict with the Sure Thing Principle , they do pose problems of practical significance when decisions have to be taken about what to do .
Should the associations in the total population of people guide decision making in a trial like that conducted by Fixit ?
Or should the associations in the subpopulations of males and females guide decisions about whether to take the medication ?
Recall that a different partition of the total population , e.g. by age , can exhibit associations like those in the total population , and the reverse of those in the partition based on gender .
There are no a priori methods that answer questions about whether associations in aggregated data , or associations in partitions of aggregated data , are good bases for inference from causes to effects or for making decisions about what to do .
Contingent hypotheses about the logical and causal structure of particular practical problems best serve as the decision maker ’s guide .
Given appropriate background information , the relations between , e.g. treatments and recoveries in the total population , might be the indicated basis for making treatment decisions .
Given different background information , the relations between treatments and recoveries in a salient partition of the population may be idicated , contra the associations in the total population .
In the absence of some contingent assumptions about logical and causal structures in particular cases , mere associations are not helpful in deciding what to do .
So , while Simpson ’s Reversals are not paradoxical from a logical point of view , they do point to conflicting associations that become genuinely paradoxical if they are all given causal significance .
4. Simpson ’s Reversals of Inequalities , Correlations , and Causation
It is a commonplace that correlations between variables do not entail that they stand in causal relations .
While some correlations are purely accidental , others can be lawful even when no causal connection obtains between the correlated variables — e.g. , the correlation between falling barometers and rain is lawful because they are joint effects of a common cause , i.e. , falling air pressure .
Controlled experiments seek to expose correlations that are merely accidental .
What then of robust correlations between variables that do not causally interact ?
Hans Reichenbach proposed that a robust correlation between variables is spurious [ acausal ] when there is a factor that ‘ screens off ’ the correlation and serves as a common cause of the associated variables ( Reichenbach 1971 , Ch. 4 ) .
Say that \ ( A\ ) is associated with B if and only if they are not probabilistically independent , i.e. , \( P( A\mid B )
e P( A ) \ ) .
Reichenbach proposed that such an association is spurious provided that there is a factor \ ( C\ ) such that \( P( A\mid B\amp C ) = P ( A\mid C ) \ ) .
Simpson ’s Reversal of Inequalities illustrates that from an arithmetical point of view , there always is a factor or proposition \ ( C\ ) that ‘ screens off ’ any correlation .
The existence of such a factor cannot be sufficient for a correlation to be spurious .
For example , suppose that the probability of \ ( A\ ) given \ ( B\ ) is greater than without \ ( B\ ) .
The following diagram illustrates this possibility with probabilities corresponding to the proportional sizes of enclosed spaces with all of \ ( A\ ) represented by the enclosed rectangle that is intersected by the line dividing \ ( B\ ) from \( {\sim}B\ ) .
Figure 1 . \( P( A\mid B ) \gt P ( A\mid {\sim}B ) \ )
The boundary conditions for Simpson ’s Reversals guarantee that there is a \ ( C\ ) that intersects equal parts of \( A\amp B\ ) and \ ( A\amp {\sim}B\ ) .
In Section 1 it was noted that arithmetical possibilities are tantamount to existence conditions for arithmetical facts .
Provided that a sample space can be partitioned sufficiently finely , the probabilistic relevance between \ ( A\ ) and \ ( B\ ) can be “ washed out ” by some arbitrary factor \ ( C\ ) within which the probabilities of \ ( A\amp B\ ) and \ ( A\amp {\sim} B\ ) are equal .
The following diagram illustrates this arithmetical possibility :
Figure 2 . \( P( A\mid B\amp C ) = P ( A\mid { \sim}B\amp C ) \)
where \( C\ ) is represented by the parallelogram that is bisected by the boundary between \ ( B\ ) and \( {\sim}B\ ) and comprises equal parts of \( A\amp B\ ) and \( A\amp {\sim}
B\ ) .
\ ( C\ ) is an arbitrary proposition or factor .
As enclosed spaces correspond to probabilities , \( P( A\mid B\amp C ) = P ( A\mid {\sim}B\amp C ) \ ) .
So , \ ( C\ ) ‘ screens off ’ \ ( A\ ) from \ ( B\ ) ; however , its existence is clearly insufficient to show that the correlation between \ ( A\ ) and \ ( B\ ) is spurious .
While ‘ screening off ’ may provide a necessary condition for showing that a correlation between variables is due to a common cause , this necessary condition is guaranteed to be fulfilled by the underlying arithmetic of the probability calculus .
Further substantive conditions have to be provided over and above the probability relations between \ ( A\ ) , \ ( B\ ) , and \ ( C\ ) in order to identify \ ( C\ ) as a common cause of \ ( A\ ) and \ ( B\ ) .
The inference that lawfully correlated variables are causally independent of each other if the correlation is due to a common cause is a special case of a more general view that causes increase the chances of their effects .
[ 6 ]
When there is a common cause \ ( C\ ) of a correlation between variables \ ( B\ ) and \ ( A\ ) , \ ( B\ ) does not cause \ ( A\ ) ; the raising of \ ( A\ ) ’s chances is due to \ ( C\ ) , and while \ ( B\ ) might be a symptom of \ ( A\ ) , it is so by virtue of being a separate effect of \ ( C\ ) that precedes \ ( A\ ) .
The following diagram illustrates these relationships .
( Arrows represent the directions of causal connections . )
Figure 3 . \ ( B\ ) precedes \ ( A\ ) and \ ( C\ ) is a common cause of \ ( B\ ) and \( A\ )
Given \ ( C\ ) , \ ( B\ ) does not raise \ ( A\ ) ’s chances .
The underlying idea behind analyses of causation in terms of chance raising is that causes promote their effects .
In deterministic settings , chances take only extreme values , and causes do not ‘ raise ’ an effects ’ chances of occurring except in the degenerate sense that they raise the chances of their effects from zero without them to one with them ( excluding cases of deterministic overdetermination ) .
However , it is a contingent matter whether the world we inhabit is deterministic or indeterministic , and concepts of causation need to accommodate the latter possibility as well as the former .
Then , representations of deterministic causation can be viewed as a special case of probabilistic causation in which causes are sufficient and necessary for their effects .
In view of Simpson ’s Reversals of Inequalities , probability relations between variables will vary widely under different partitions of populations or state spaces .
This fact about probability relations provides an invaluable resource for the representation in probabilistic terms of the complex relations that hold between networks of causes and their effects .
Causes not only can promote effects , but they can promote the absence of or inhibit effects that might occur in their absence .
E.g. , regular exercise inhibits or reduces the chances of cardiovascular disorders .
Accordingly , whatever promotes regular exercise also promotes cardiovascular health even if it also promotes cardiovascular disease .
Cartwright gives the following example .
Smoking causes heart disease , but it also could cause smokers to take up exercise in greater numbers than non-smokers .
In that case smoking could indirectly cause cardiovascular health while directly causing disease .
With plus and minus signs indicating whether a cause promotes or inhibits an effect , the following diagram represents a causal set - up in which smoking could promote cardiovascular health while directly promoting disease .
Figure 4 .
E.g. , if smoking increases the chances of heart disease by 25 % , but also increases the chances of regular exercise by 40 % while exercise decreases the chances of disease by 70 % , smokers will on balance benefit from their habit with respect to cardiovascular health .
In this set - up , there could be a Simpson ’s Reversal where smokers who exercise fare worse than non-smokers who exercise , and similarly for smokers who do not exercise compared with non-smokers , while the smokers ’ rates of disease are lower overall .
The net causal effect of smoking on health is positive in the example due to the contribution of a third variable , exercising , that is an effect of smoking .
It is the causal contributions of further variables that are the sources of Simpson ’s Reversals in other causal set -ups where the effects of direct causal links are modified by the additional variables ’ contributions .
These include cases where direct effects are nullified by inhibitory effects of an accompanying factor , e.g. , substances that are separately poisonous , acid and alkali , can interact to have no deleterious effect when they are taken together .
Each acts as an antidote for the other . [ 7 ]
Further entanglements include cases where a cause that promotes an effect is accompanied by an inhibitory cause of the effect and they are both effects of a common cause .
E.g. ,
Figure 5 . \( E\ ) ’s chance is unperturbed by \ ( CC\ ) , a common cause .
An interpretation of this diagram : thrombosis can be an effect of pregnancy and it can also be an effect of some of the ingredients of birth control pills .
Both pregnancy and the pills increase the chances of thrombosis .
However , the pills decrease the chances of pregnancy , and the net effect on populations of women who take the pills could show no change in the frequency of thrombosis .
Examples such as those that have been canvassed show that it is neither necessary nor sufficient for a causal relation between two variables that one raise the chances of the other .
Cartwright ( 2001 , 271 ) puts the matter in the following terms : ‘ Causes can increase the probability of their effects ; but they need not .
And for the other way around : an increase in probability can be due to a causal connection ; but lots of other things can be responsible as well . ’
Is Cartwright ’s observation cause for pessimism about the program of analyzing causation and causal relevance in probabilistic terms ?
Not necessarily .
It sets a problem about causal entanglements that are not tracked by probability relations and probabilistic entanglements that are not due to causal relations .
The program of providing probabilistic representations of causal relations needs to provide conditions that disentangle causal networks .
What is required is a way of locating the right partitions of populations , where the right ones are the ones whose probability relations do track causal connections while holding relevant background factors fixed .
A number of different proposals have been put forward in the literature on probabilistic causation that aim to provide criteria for locating the right partitions of data for the purpose of identifying causal connections .
The proposals fall into two broad categories : ( 1 ) Reductive proposals : these do not appeal to causal concepts and they aim to provide a filter on correlations that identifies which correlations are spurious .
Correlations that are not spurious are meant to conform to intuitions about causal relations and to implement the roles that are intuitively assigned to causal relations . [ 8 ]
( 2 ) Non-reductive proposals : these are unabashed about using causal concepts to distinguish between spurious and causal correlations .
Proposals from this second group are generally skeptical about the Humean program that motivates reductive proposals , and set -ups that are instances of Simpson ’s Reversals are one of their main critical scalpels ( Cartwright 1979 , and especially Dupre & Cartwright 1988 ) .
Nevertheless , they too face the problem of providing a filter on correlations that marks out which of them are spurious , but they do not feel constrained to avoid reference to causal relations in providing criteria for selecting partitions that provide reliable data for causal inferences .
In sum , both reductionists and anti-reductionists who endorse the program of representing causal relations in terms of probability relations propose that
\( C\ ) causes \ ( E\ ) if and only if the probability of \ ( E\ ) is greater given \ ( C\ ) than given not \ ( C\ ) , provided that \( \ldots X\ldots \ ) .
The proviso is needed to filter cases where probability relations between \ ( C\ ) - type events and \ ( E\ ) - type events do not track causal relations .
Their opinions divide on whether causal concepts need to or can be used without vicious circularity in spelling out the content of the proviso \( \ldots X\ldots \ ) .
Reductionists seek ways of spelling out the proviso in terms of homogenous reference classes , where homogeneity is spelled out in terms of robust correlations conditional on a set of factors that are held fixed .
Anti-reductionists are quick to ask : which factors ?
To take all possible factors to be relevant is not only epistemologically intractable , but it can lead to silly conclusions insofar as all but absolutely fundamental causal processes can be manipulated by introducing some intervening factors .
E.g. , the probability of death given a heart attack is greater than without the heart attack , but the contribution of the heart attack is ‘ screened off ’ in cases where the heart attack coincides with being run down by a truck .
In this example , the chances of death are overdetermined .
Cases of causal overdetermination are extreme examples of causal networks in which probabilistic relevance is washed out or inverted by the causal contributions of an exogenous variable .
In the experimental sciences , attempts at isolating interactions between factors from intervening variables are standard procedure .
However , what is achievable even in the best laboratory conditions will fall short of the ideal of showing that there are no intervening factors on which a correlation is dependent .
To show the latter would require showing that a negative existential proposition is true .
Anti-reductionists have a ready answer to the question of which factors have to be held fixed when evaluating probabilistic dependencies and probabilistic independence .
They want all potentially causally relevant factors that are of interest to be held fixed for the purposes of identifying the probability relations between C and E that are due to and are apt for representing causal connections .
According to this approach , reference classes that are causally homogenous provide the proper basis for evaluating probability relations .
One then looks to background scientific theories and other knowledge of causal relations to determine whether reference classes are causally homogenous .
[ 9 ]
In many cases , however , our curiosity about causal relations outstrips our current knowledge of causally relevant variables that need to be held fixed .
Then , inferences to causal relations from statistical data that can always be counter - posed with reversed regularities in different partitions of the data can lead to inconsistent claims concerning causal relations .
That said , reversals in data occur , researchers face the question of whether the associations in the aggregated data are spurious , or whether the associations in the partitioned data are spurious .
Different causal models ( represented by different directed acyclic graphs ) will be apt to represent different answers in different cases ( see the entry on probabilistic causation ) .
These models can be tested by interventions that isolate and control the values taken by variables that are ostensible causes of effects that are of interest to the researcher .
Properly conducted experiments will isolate variables to be manipulated and then read off the effects of the manipulations ( see the entry on causation and manipulability ) .
The so - called “ back - door criterion ” ( Pearl 1993 ) states precisely what is required for some variable to be suitably isolated for manipulation .
So , the problems posed by Simpson reversals can be solved by testing different causal hypotheses that are consistent with the observed data where the tests by interventions provide a basis , over and above mere observations , for accepting some causal models as correct representations of causal connections and for rejecting others that have merely spurious associations .
Simpson ’s “ paradox ” is thus resolved in the sense that it is possible to test different causal hypotheses that reveal which associations are spurious .
( For more on this method see Pearl 2014 . )
5. Simpson ’s Reversal of Inequalities in Evolutionary Settings
Simpson ’s Reversals of Inequalities have applications in economic theory and population genetics , especially in cases involving competition among businesses or organisms .
In the above example of differential hiring of men and women , imagine that we were to map the women onto , say , ‘ lemmings ’ and the men onto , say , ‘ rats ’ .
Imagine the lemmings to be altruistic and self - sacrificing , or alternatively imagine them to be irrational , inefficient or lazy — either way , by one means or another , imagine that they behave in ways that benefit their neighbours at their own expense .
Imagine the rats to be selfish , rational and efficient , and regularly to gain benefits at the expense of their neighbours .
Next , map the History Department onto Norway during a very severe winter in Norway , and suppose there are more rats than lemmings in Norway .
Then life is tough for everyone in Norway , and it is even tougher for lemmings than for rats .
Map the Geography Department onto Sweden which is in the midst of a very mild winter , and suppose there to be more lemmings than rats in Sweden .
Then life is easier for everyone in Sweden , though it is even easier for free - riding and opportunistic rats than it is for lemmings .
Finally , consider the reproductive rates for rats and lemmings in the total land mass of the two countries .
( Or , if these ‘ rats ’ and ‘ lemmings ’ were businesses , consider their relative bankruptcy rates . )
The numbers might then display the same pattern that we described for hiring rates of men and women at the University of California :
Lemmings Rats Norway \ ( ( 1 \times 10^9 ) / ( 5 \times 10^9 ) \ ) \ ( \lt\ ) \ ( ( 2 \times 10^9 ) / ( 8 \times 10^9 ) \ )
Sweden \ ( ( 6 \times 10^9 ) / ( 8 \times 10^9 ) \ ) \ ( \lt\ ) \ ( ( 4 \times 10^9 ) / ( 5 \times 10^9 ) \ ) Scandinavia \ ( ( 7 \times 10^9 ) / ( 13 \times 10^9 ) \ ) \ ( \gt\ ) \ ( ( 6 \times 10^9 ) / ( 13 \times 10^9 ) \ )
Lemmings are losing ground in Norway , and they are losing ground in Sweden ; yet they are gaining ground in combined areas that constitute the two countries .
The reason that lemmings are gaining ground in the combined area of the two countries is that more of the lemmings are living where the survival rate is higher .
Note that the survival rate is higher there precisely because that is where more of the lemmings are living .
Thus , if rats congregate together , the selfish efficiency of each rat will be bad not only for the poor lemmings in the neighborhood but also for other rats .
Even if only slightly more of the rats are living in one region rather than another , if the benefits they gain at their neighbors ’ expense become too extreme then this will reduce the survival rate of everyone in that neighborhood , rats included ; this will precipitate a Simpson ’s Reversal , and the number of rats will begin to go down globally when compared with lemmings .
In both Darwinian evolutionary theory and much of economic theory , it is hard to see how ‘ altruism ’ ( or , for that matter , systematic inefficiency ) could evolve , or be sustained over the long term .
That is , it is hard to see how a population could sustain heritable patterns of behaviour that benefit the competitors of an individual business or organisms at the expense of the long - term chances of survival or reproductive success for those individuals and others with the same dispositions .
For this reason it is of considerable theoretical significance to explore the applications of Simpson ’s Paradox , to see whether this might help to explain not only the altruism but also the irrationality , inefficiency , laziness and other vices that may prevail in populations , and that can cause a population to fall short of the economic rationalist ’s or Darwinian ’s ideal of the ruthlessly efficient pursuit by each individual of its own profits or long - term reproductive success .
On balance , this is probably cheerful news .
Nahezu 100 Prozent des Urans für die deutschen Kernkraftwerke müssen importiert werden .
Dennoch stellt das Bundeswirtschaftsministerium Uran als einheimischen Energieträger dar .
Und das ist nicht die einzige Ungereimtheit beim Thema Uran .
Als Russland im vergangenen Winter der Ukraine und damit auch Zentraleuropa den Gashahn abdrehte , forderte der damalige Bundeswirtschaftsminister Michael Glos eine Verlängerung der Laufzeiten der deutschen Kernkraftwerke .
Dadurch wollte er die Energie - Abhängigkeit von Russland verringern .
Glos ist mittlerweile nur noch einfacher Bundestagsabgeordneter , doch wird sich zweifellos auch beim nächsten Gasstreit jemand finden , der diese Forderung wiederholt .
Und dabei ignoriert , dass auch Kernkraftwerke auf einen Brennstoff angewiesen sind : Uran .
August 2009 : Flutung im einstigen Uranbergwerk im sächsischen Königstein .
Diese Grube begann 1967 mit der Uran-Förderung .
( Foto : picture - alliance / dpa )
Wie unabhängig ist Deutschland beim Uran ?
Wer beim Bundeswirtschaftsministerium nach einer Antwort auf diese Frage sucht , kann sich schnell beruhigen lassen .
Nach Ansicht des Ministeriums ist Kernenergie " praktisch eine heimische Energieform " , da " Urananreicherung und Brennelementfertigung inländische Wertschöpfungsstufen sind " , bzw .
eine " quasi einheimische Energie , weil die Veredelung des Urans in Deutschland erfolgt " .
Mal abgesehen davon , dass Uran - wie das Wirtschaftsministerium uns mitteilt - " insbesondere in Form von fertigen Brennelementen für Kernkraftwerke " importiert wird : Mit Floskeln wie " praktisch heimisch " oder " quasi einheimisch " geht das Haus recht flott über die Tatsache hinweg , dass Deutschland seit 1989 keinen Uranabbau mehr betreibt .
Zwar fallen bei der Sanierung der ehemaligen " Sowjetisch - Deutschen Aktiengesellschaft Wismut " jährlich ein paar Tonnen Uran an .
Aber das reicht bei weitem nicht , um den Bedarf der deutschen Atomkraftwerke zu decken .
Ähnlich wie beim Öl und noch stärker als beim Gas ist Deutschland beim Uran praktisch vollständig importabhängig .
Woher kommt nun das Uran für die deutschen Kernkraftwerke ?
Das Bundeswirtschaftsministerium erklärt im Internet lapidar : " Die Uran-Versorgungssicherheit ist im Vergleich zu Gas und Öl sehr hoch , da die Uranreserven in überwiegend politisch stabilen Regionen ( z.B. Kanada , Australien , Südafrika ) liegen " .
Eine ähnliche Antwort erhalten wir auf eine direkte Anfrage beim Ministerium : Zahlen gibt es zunächst keine , genannt werden Kanada , Großbritannien , Frankreich , Russland und die USA - " mit jährlich wechselnden prozentualen Anteilen " .
Astrid Schneider ist Sprecherin der Bundesarbeitsgemeinschaft Energie der Grünen .
" Volksverdummung "
Die Berliner Grünen - Politikerin Astrid Schneider hält das für Volksverdummung : " In Frankreich und England wird kein Uran gefördert , sie sind selbst zu 100 Prozent importabhängig . "
Uran wird nach Angaben der Internationalen Atomenergie - Agentur ( IAEA ) in 18 Ländern abgebaut .
Frankreich und Großbritannien sind nicht darunter : Wenn Deutschland Uran aus Frankreich und Großbritannien erhält , so handelt es sich nicht um britisches oder französisches Uran , sondern um Uran , das von französischen oder britischen Firmen geliefert wird , etwa der französischen Areva , die einen Großteil ihres Urans im Niger abbaut .
Das afrikanische
Land steht auf der Liste der sieben Länder , die 90 Prozent des weltweiten Uranbedarfs fördern : Vorneweg Kanada und Kasachstan , dann Australien , Namibia , Russland , Niger und Usbekistan .
Seltsamerweise tauchen Länder wie Kasachstan , Niger und Usbekistan in der Liste des Wirtschaftsministeriums nicht auf .
Schneider wirft dem Bundeswirtschaftsministerium vor , " systematisch alle Daten zur Uranherkunft für deutsche Atomkraftwerke " zu verheimlichen .
Dabei verweist sie auf eine Statistik der Euratom Supply Agency .
Danach kamen im vergangenen Jahr zwei Drittel des in die EU importierten Urans aus Kanada , Russland , Australien und Niger .
17 Prozent kamen aus Russland .
Die EU - Behörde gibt offen zu , dass sie gar nicht weiß , ob dieses Uran wirklich aus Russland stammt : Da aus Russland häufig " angereichertes Uran oder sogar fertige Brennelemente " kämen , sei es " schlicht unmöglich die genaue Herkunft des Urans in diesen Produkten festzustellen " .
Uran , das als " russisch " deklariert werde , könne ebenso gut aus Kasachstan , der Ukraine oder Usbekistan kommen .
Zusätzlich zu den 17 Prozent Uran aus Russland stammen laut Euratom Supply Agency insgesamt 12 Prozent aus Kasachstan und Usbekistan .
Nur zwei Prozent des EU - Bedarfs kamen aus den USA .
1.2-3 auf Seite 251
In einer Broschüre des Wirtschaftsministeriums aus dem Jahr 2008 heißt es , Deutschland beziehe " fast 50 Prozent des Natururans aus Kanada " .
Konkretere Zahlen bekommen wir nicht , was erstaunlich ist , wird doch der Im - und Export von Uran vom Bundesamt für Wirtschaft und Ausfuhrkontrolle überwacht .
Wir fragen beim Ministerium nach und erhalten den Hinweis auf eine Tabelle im Jahresbericht " Umweltradioaktivität und Strahlenbelastung " ( zu finden unter Punkt 1.2 - 3 , Seite 251 ) des Bundesamtes für Strahlenschutz von 2007 .
Dies sei der aktuellste Bericht .
Dort ist kiloweise aufgeführt , wie viel Uran Deutschland aus welchen Ländern bezogen hat .
Kanada bringt es lediglich auf ein Kilo abgereichertes und 603.504 Kilo Natur - Uran .
Damit liegt das Land allerdings noch hinter Frankreich und Großbritannien - auf 50 Prozent kommt Kanada auch nicht annähernd .
" Wir sind beim Uran nicht nur zu 100 Prozent importabhängig von zumindest teilweise problematischen Staaten " , sagt Schneider , " sondern auch abhängig von einem hoch volatilen Markt . "
Als " Extrembeispiel " verweist die Sprecherin der Grünen - Bundesarbeitsgemeinschaft Energie auf den Sommer 2007 , " als der Uranpreis kurzzeitig um 1300 Prozent nach oben schoss " .
Lager und Vorräte
Aktive Uran-Minen gibt es nur in 18 Ländern der Welt , unter anderem den USA .
( Foto : ASSOCIATED PRESS )
Das Bundeswirtschaftsministerium behauptet , dass der Brennstoff Uran " wegen seiner sehr hohen Energiedichte und daraus resultierenden geringen Menge für die Reaktoren für viele Jahre vorrätig gelagert werden kann " .
Kann .
Aber wird er auch ?
Das Wirtschaftsministerium sagt , die in den deutschen Atomanlagen gelagerten Mengen würden " durch die Bundesregierung nicht statistisch erfasst " .
Es sei aber " davon auszugehen , dass das vorhandene Uran auf allen Stufen für mindestens 3 - 4 Jahre reicht " .
Laut Uranium - Redbook , das von der IAEA und der Nuclear Energy Agency herausgegeben wird , lagert in Deutschland Uran für ein knappes Jahr .
Schneider geht sogar davon aus , dass es noch weniger ist ; sie nimmt an , dass in den Mengen , die im Redbook genannt werden , auch das Uran enthalten ist , das im westfälischen Gronau lagert .
Dort betreibt die Firma Urenco für Deutschland und andere europäische Staaten die Anreicherung .
" Die westliche Atomwirtschaft steht auf äußerst wackeligen Beinen " , sagt Astrid Schneider .
Ihr " Kernproblem " sei , dass der Uranbedarf der heute laufenden Kernkraftwerke nur zu 60 Prozent aus aktueller Uranförderung bedient werde , zu 40 Prozent jedoch aus Lagerbeständen .
Dieser Anteil sei nicht langfristig gesichert , weil ein Abrüstungsvertrag mit dem schönen Namen " HEU - LEU " zwischen den USA und Russland , der den USA einen Zugriff auf abgereichertes Uran aus abgerüsteten russischen Atomwaffen zu günstigen Konditionen sichert , 2013 ausläuft .
Das Bundeswirtschaftsministerium hält dagegen , die weltweiten Uran-Vorräte reichten noch für 200 Jahre .
Der Streit erinnert an die Debatte um Peak Oil. Die Association for the Study of Peak Oil and Gas " ( ASPO ) geht davon aus , dass die Uran - Vorräte " für die heute eingesetzten Kraftwerkstypen " weniger als 100 Jahre reichen werden , Greenpeace zufolge könnten die Uranvorräte je nach Szenario zwischen 2026 und 2070 erschöpft sein .
Sicher ist , dass allein der Uran -Abbau Kernenergie ökologisch hochproblematisch macht .
Glos und Co. haben zweifellos recht , wenn sie sagen , dass wir Alternativen zu Öl und Gas brauchen .
Aber Uran ?
Eher nicht .
Police in Pittsburgh are using sound blasters and other non-lethal weaponry to ward off protesters at the G - 20 summit .
The sonic weapon is the LRAD or Long Range Acoustic Device , a super loud - hailer deployed by U.S. forces and famously used to fight off pirates .
According to the Guardian , LRAD is being used in two ways : as a megaphone to order protesters to disperse , and , when they disobey , as an " ear - splitting siren " to drive them away .
This has happened repeatedly , with the crowd assembling again a few streets away .
It 's one of a number of controversial tactics being employed in the city ; check out this video of a seeming " snatch - and - grab " arrest in the middle of a demonstration .
The sonic weaponry appears to be having a much greater effect thousands of miles from Pittsburgh , in Honduras .
A siege situation has developed in the capital Tegucigalpa , where ousted President Manuel Zelaya is holed up in the Brazilian Embassy .
The security forces can't launch an assault , but they are stepping up the pressure with sound blasters and psychological warfare tactics .
Forced into exile in a coup three months ago , Zelaya sneaked back into the country on Monday .
He gave speeches to crowds of supporters from an embassy balcony , calling for a peaceful solution to the current crisis .
Recognizing the risk of a popular response , the coup leaders sent in security forces to clear the area using tear gas and water cannon .
According to the Guardian , twenty people were injured and at least 170 detained following the disturbance ; the BBC say that at least one person died .
The embassy is now surrounded .
Water , electricity and telephone lines have been cut off .
Embassy staff were permitted to leave , but access is now restricted .
According to the BBC the embassy occupants have no soap , towels or fresh clothes and are surviving on biscuits .
These are fairly routine methods of making the subjects of a siege feel isolated and uncomfortable , but an added dimension has been added by the use of noise .
According to Reuters , a truck - mounted speaker was used " to blast the embassy with harsh sounds . "
The Guardian describes the speakers as being used to generate " high - pitched noise . "
The Miami Herald cites witness reports that " soldiers used a device that looked like a large satellite dish to emit a loud shrill noise . "
The device seems to have spooked Zelaya ; in the Herald report , he claims that he is under attack by some sort of radiation weapon .
This reminds me of someone I talked to who once told some protesters that the LRAD sonic blaster emitted radiation that would shrivel their testicles .
He was impressed at how fast they got out of the way .
The Herald quotes a police spokesman as saying that no such device is in use : " The only elements surrounding that embassy are police and military , and they have no such apparatus . ''
The use of speakers in siege situation harks back to the situation in Panama in 1989 when President Noriega took refuge in the Vatican Embassy .
U.S. forces blasted him with heavy rock music ( which was eventually turned off after a complaint by the Pope ) .
The idea is to cause sleep deprivation and increase the target 's stress levels .
The FBI used the same tactic at the Waco siege in 1993 , but with a wider variety of sounds including the squeal of rabbits being killed .
It was even proposed that they should use a Russian technique known as " acoustic psycho - correction , " a form of subliminal messaging in which commands are hidden in white noise or other sound to influence the target 's unconscious .
However .
The FBI was skeptical , and was concerned that the device might have unpredictable effects .
Speakers are also used to subject detainees to constant music in Iraq , Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay .
The endless loop of Barney the Dinosaur received a lot of publicity , but interrogators also use Eminem , AC / DC and Bruce Springsteen .
One theory has it that the music used contains hidden messages as a form of acoustic psycho-correction .
Another is that the music itself is a form of " no touch torture . "
The political situation in Honduras remains in limbo .
The interim government that forced Zelaya out has not won international recognition .
The World Bank has suspended financial aid and EU countries have withdrawn their ambassadors .
But equally there is little international pressure for the interim government to stand down .
Zelaya has called in president Obama to apply sanctions , as Honduras relies on the U.S. for 75 % of its trade , but there is no sign of this happening .
Meanwhile , Zelaya is talking to the interim government , but they insist that this is not about returning him to power .
They 're probably hoping that if the siege continues long enough , and they keep the psychological pressure up on Zelaya , he will eventually cave in .
ALSO :
The women and mens games had jousts at the net with cranking Swats – Spike above Knuckler below ..
There were plenty of great beach volleyball games .
The last day was a bit windy , cool , and tumultuous – much like the preceding Summer in Eastern Canada .
But that did not dampen the enthusiasm , energy and skill of play seen on the courts .
There was lots of beachvolley ball slang on display .
Smashes , swats and kills aplenty .
But with so much heat – facials or tattoos [ kill shots that hit a blocker directly in the face ] were also felt on the courts .
But the Prince of Whales [ players who employ smashes excessively ] , as in both the mens and womens championship finals , were not rewarded with victory .
Like in badminton and even tennis the art of the dink , carve , cut and cutee [ all touch shots which arc just out of reach ] is a winning part of the beach volleyball game .
In fact , beach volleyball is very much a chess match in which you seek to put your opponents in vulnerable positions and then maybe resort to heat .
But often a dink , carve or off - speed pitch / change up can be just as effective in getting a kill .
Strategy of the Game
In fact this was notable among the various age groups on both the men and womens sides .
Sure a redwood size opponent may control the net with blocks .
Or a spike serve or cranking game may gain advantage – but eventually the missiles [ high and fast serves likely to go out ] start to drift and loose points .
At the same time smart players can curve the heat with dinks and curls that put the opposing players out of position , out of breath and out of the point .
The good teams have a great repertoire of shots – and employ heat and dink when appropriate .
But the really good teams are able to anticipate their opponents line of attack and dig the spikes and curls out without having to give up a sky ball and the offense back to their opponents .
As mentioned it was this ability to dig consistently that made for two game sweeps by both the men and womens champions .
Championship Results
For example ,
In the Womens Division champions ship game at the Nationals , Maloney - Zakrzewski had a height and heat advantage over Martin - Lessard .
But the latter were able to do more digs and carves to the corners more effectively than their opponents .
The championship match was over in two sets .
On the Mens side , Zbyszewski-Binstock were a returning machine – even handling most of the excellent spike serves of Saxton - Lelliott and frustrating them with off - speed kills .
It was like watching the Blue Jays batters trying to hit the change - ups and knuckle balls of Boston RedSox pitcher , Tim Wakefield .
Again the match was done in two sets .
In the 24 and Under matches , speed on the court as well as guile proved to be a wining combination .
Allaire - Fecto-Boutin on the mens side kept getting to shots when all seemed lost ; though Myroniuk - Gourlay showed a deft touch as well .
On the Women ’s side it was as if Greg - Tait could make no wrong move .
However , the second set was very close as Chevarie - Tanguay ’s placements , which had won in previous matches , proved hard to return again .
This was one of the most interesting matches for strategy of the day .
Despite the threatening weather there was a good turnout for the final day .
Matches started at 9:00 in the morning and continued until 5:00 that evening .
The sun peeked out in the early afternon and by late day was part of the action .
Great dig in the Womens Division I championship game .
In 2001 , the Observer published a series of reports that claimed an " Iraqi connection " to al - Qaeda , even describing the base in Iraq where the training of terrorists took place and a facility where anthrax was being manufactured as a weapon of mass destruction .
It was all false .
Supplied by US intelligence and Iraqi exiles , planted stories in the British and US media helped George Bush and Tony Blair to launch an illegal invasion which caused , according to the most recent study , 1.3 million deaths .
Something similar is happening over Iran : the same syncopation of government and media " revelations " , the same manufacture of a sense of crisis .
" Showdown looms with Iran over secret nuclear plant " , declared the Guardian on 26 September .
" Showdown " is the theme .
High noon .
The clock ticking .
Good versus evil .
Add a smooth new US president who has " put paid to the Bush years " .
An immediate echo is the notorious Guardian front page of 22 May 2007 : " Iran 's secret plan for summer offensive to force US out of Iraq " .
Based on unsubstantiated claims by the Pentagon , the writer Simon Tisdall presented as fact an Iranian " plan " to wage war on , and defeat , US forces in Iraq by September of that year - a demonstrable falsehood for which there has been no retraction .
The official jargon for this kind of propaganda is " psy-ops " , the military term for psychological operations .
In the Pentagon and Whitehall , it has become a critical component of a diplomatic and military campaign to blockade , isolate and weaken Iran by hyping its “ nuclear threat " : a phrase now used incessantly by Barack Obama and Gordon Brown , and parroted by the BBC and other broadcasters as ­objective news .
And it is fake .
The threat is one - way
On 16 September , Newsweek disclosed that the major US intelligence agencies had reported to the White House that Iran 's " nuclear status " had not changed since the National Intelligence Estimate of November 2007 , which stated with " high confidence " that Iran had halted in 2003 the programme it was alleged to have developed .
The International Atomic Energy Agency has backed this , time and again .
The current propaganda derives from Obama 's announcement that the US is scrapping missiles stationed on Russia 's border .
This serves to cover the fact that the number of US missile sites is actually expanding in Europe and the " redundant " missiles are being redeployed on ships .
The game is to mollify Russia into joining , or not obstructing , the US campaign against Iran .
" President Bush was right , " said Obama , " that Iran 's ballistic missile programme poses a significant threat [ to Europe and the US ] . "
That Iran would contemplate a suicidal attack on the US is preposterous .
The threat , as ever , is one - way , with the world 's superpower virtually ensconced on Iran 's borders .
Iran 's crime is its independence .
Having thrown out America 's favourite tyrant , Shah Reza Pahlavi , Iran remains the only resource - rich Muslim state beyond US control .
As only Israel has a " right to exist " in the Middle East , the US goal is to cripple the Islamic Republic .
This will allow Israel to divide and dominate the Middle East on Washington 's behalf , undeterred by a confident neighbour .
If any country in the world has been handed urgent cause to develop a nuclear " deterrence " , it is Iran .
As one of the original signatories of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , Iran has been a consistent advocate of a nuclear - free zone in the Middle East .
In contrast , Israel has never agreed to an IAEA inspection , and its nuclear weapons plant at Dimona remains an open secret .
Armed with as many as 200 active nuclear warheads , Israel " deplores " UN resolutions calling on it to sign the NPT , just as it deplored the recent UN report charging it with crimes against humanity in Gaza , just as it maintains a world record for violations of international law .
It gets away with this because great power grants it immunity .
Preparing for endless war
Obama's " showdown " with Iran has another agenda .
On both sides of the Atlantic the media have been tasked with preparing the public for endless war .
The US / Nato commander General Stanley McChrystal says 500,000 troops will be required in Afghanistan over five years , according to America 's NBC .
The goal is control of the " strategic prize " of the gas and oilfields of the Caspian Sea , central Asia , the Gulf and Iran - in other words , Eurasia .
But the war is opposed by 69 per cent of the British public , 57 per cent of the US public and almost every other human being .
Convincing " us " that Iran is the new demon will not be easy .
McChrystal 's spurious claim that Iran " is reportedly training fighters for certain Taliban groups " is as desperate as Brown 's pathetic echo of " a line in the sand " .
During the Bush years , according to the great whistleblower Daniel Ellsberg , a military coup took place in the US , and the Pentagon is now ascendant in every area of American foreign policy .
A measure of its control is the number of wars of aggression being waged simultaneously and the adoption of a " first - strike " doctrine that has lowered the threshold on nuclear weapons , together with the blurring of the distinction between nuclear and conventional weapons .
All this mocks Obama 's media rhetoric about " a world without nuclear weapons " .
In fact , he is the Pentagon 's most important acquisition .
His acquiescence with its demand that he keep on Bush 's secretary of " defence " and arch war - maker , Robert Gates , is unique in US history .
He has proved his worth with stepped - up wars from south Asia to the Horn of Africa .
Like Bush 's America , Obama 's America is run by some very dangerous people .
We have a right to be warned .
When will those paid to keep the record straight do their job ?
Next week : Mehdi Hasan
( President Barack Obama )
Variation 1 : " OBAMA " ( formal )
Spell : O - B-A-M-A
Variation 2 : " OBAMA " ( casual )
Use an " O " handshape that becomes a backward facing " B " handshape .
This sign is based on a combination of the letter " O " and the sign for " FLAG . "
Note : Obama 's official " logo " shows an " O " and a flag :
" Obama " ( Animated Gif )
UPDATE : As of early 2010 , I have noticed the variation above is showing some changes .
One of my colleagues indicates that in Texas she is seeing the second part of the sign done with " spread fingers " as a way of representing the stripes in the flag .
Other Variations that showed up in my interviews but never seemed to catch on :
I 've also seen or read about " OBAMA " being done as :
" O " - GOD
" O " - RAINBOW
" B " - " O " -( using the movement and location of " PRESIDENT " )
" O "- CHANGE
October 29 , 2009
Ian Steinman spoke out about the meaning of socialism and the struggle to achieve it at a meeting titled " Socialism :
What it is and why we need it " sponsored by the International Socialist Organization in Santa Cruz , Calif .
AS MANY of you have no doubt witnessed , the word " socialism " has returned to the forefront of the American political debate .
Newsweek had a front cover declaring " We Are All Socialists , " the Nation magazine had a forum on what socialism is today , and even the New York Times had a discussion on the meaning of the word .
Socialism , depending on who you 're talking to , can mean anything from the bureaucratic dictatorship of the Soviet Union , to the social reforms of Western Europe , to even , in the case of people like those in Glenn Beck 's " 9/12 " movement , a guttural curse word to be spat at every policy deviating slightly from the reactionary cesspool from which they emerged .
What I , an actual living socialist , will advance tonight as socialism differs fundamentally from all of these , and is the definition of socialism which stands in the revolutionary , self - emancipatory tradition of Marxism - - a tradition which takes as it's foundation that it is those who work and produce and farm and create who are responsible for all the wealth in the world , and that it is they , not an elite of the super - rich or a bureaucratic clique , that have the right and power to take and manage the world 's resources in society 's interests .
However , this idea -- that people should be able to come together to democratically decide their future as a community , as a county , city , nation and ultimately species -- one which seems on the surface so self - evident , is one which is completely at odds with the capitalist system under which we live today .
DESCRIBING CAPITALISM
to us today can seem almost like describing water to fish -- it so permeates our existence as to be almost invisible and is presupposed in every dominant form of discourse .
Yet this was not always so .
Capitalism is , in fact , a relatively recent phenomenon in the scope of human history .
Capitalism was born in fits of world - shaking violence out of the old feudal society .
It emerged on a foundation of the extermination of aboriginal lives and cultures the world over .
As the Spanish galleons hauled off the gold of two ravaged continents , capitalism was beginning to crawl forth from the womb .
As millions of African slaves , ripped from their families , were made to suffer unspeakable indignities , as they shed their blood and tears and anguish , capitalism drank deep its violent sustenance and grew .
As nations from Egypt to India to China were exploited under the yoke of European colonialism , capitalism took its first steps and prepared for the epoch of its reign .
What else to read For an introduction to socialism and the socialist tradition , read The Case for Socialism , by SocialistWorker.org editor Alan Maass .
Paul D'Amato's
The Meaning of Marxism provides a lively and accessible account of the ideas of Karl Marx , using historical and contemporary examples .
The best introduction to Marxism remains The Communist Manifesto , written 160 years ago by Karl Marx and Frederick Engels .
A new edition of the Manifesto , edited by Phil Gasper , provides full annotation , clear historical references and explanation , additional related text and a full glossary .
Hal Draper 's
The Two Souls of Socialism makes the case for the genuine socialist tradition that looks to the self - activity of the working class to change society .
With the blood money of countless atrocities , the accumulated misery of most of the world 's population , were built the looms and engines and factories which would constitute private property .
Industrialization , then in its ruthless efficiency , swept away all the old modes of production , the small farmers and the artisans , building from their expropriation a growing class of those left with nothing to sell but their labor -- their time , in essence , their very lives -- for nothing more than the ability to continue living , a working class living in a condition of wage slavery .
Capitalism is , in essence , this relationship -- this process in which the vast majority of the human race is compelled in order to maintain their existence to sign over control of how , and for what , their existence counts to an elite of owners .
Yet even this is not the full extent of capitalism 's tyranny over humanity , for even the capitalists do not have control over what they do .
There can be no appeal to their individual generosity or humanity , because every concession they make to any value besides the bottom line is something which strengthens their competition , which makes them less able to invest or pay off shareholders , and which buries them beneath the weight of the marketplace .
What they have , workers produce , and what they pay workers , how they organize the factory , and how many workers they hire is all determined by the dictatorship of the market .
We live under capitalism in an absurd condition , under which in the name of " liberty " and " freedom , " we spend most of our lives subjected to the boss ' dictatorship in the workplace , in which the bosses are subjected to the dictatorship of the market , in which in sum , humanity is subjected to the yoke of the inhumane , in which the Frankenstein of the market let loose by our accumulated suffering rules over us all and restrains us from achieving any measure of genuine freedom .
SOCIALISM IS the reasonable and necessary answer to this absurdity .
Throughout history , capitalism , through its basic inhumanity and through the economic crises which are endemic to it , has bred resistance to the system spearheaded by the working class , which is simultaneously both the most exploited and potentially the most powerful force in society .
It is through the strikes and protests -- through the shutdown of factories or ports or university campuses -- that labor is able to wring concessions from capital .
It was by fighting and not by begging , through mass protests and general strikes which shook the system , that we won the weekend , the 40 - hour work week , and all the benefits of the New Deal .
Yet although these reforms are important and valuable , they do not provide a lasting solution to the problem .
Though concessions may be made here and there , as a whole , any protest which does not threaten the system , does not plan to go beyond it , will ultimately be rendered helpless , and the reforms which they won will slowly but surely be taken back .
The past 30 years have been a perfect example of this -- though worker productivity has soared and the economy has grown , real wages have actually decreased , and the average person is worse off now than they were in the 1970s .
Today , a 40 - hour workweek seems like a dream to many Americans forced to work multiple full - time jobs , and every attempt to organize a union or fight for better wages is met with the threat of outsourcing or liquidation .
Reforms on a local , individual scale are harder than ever to achieve and hold , the scope of what common sense will deem possible is being increasingly reduced to where a decent existence becomes an impossible demand .
And it is when the people 's demands go beyond the reforms that the establishment deems acceptable , when what is humanly necessary goes beyond what business is willing to concede , that the real struggle emerges .
There have been many times in history when this struggle has broken out in ways which shook the world and forced the world 's rich to hold their collective breath .
In 1871 , the Paris Commune rose up as the first democratic workers ' government in history , and gave one tremendous historical example of what is possible , before it was crushed by the French and Prussian armies .
In Russia in 1917 , for a few short years , the soviets -- Russian for councils -- ruled and began to sweep away all of capitalism 's refuse , beginning to abolish sexism , racism and homophobia in ways which , a hundred years on , we have not achieved under capitalist democracy .
This revolution , too , was strangled , from without , by more than a dozen invading armies , including the United States , and from within by a growing new bureaucratic class .
Other glimpses of revolution occurred in Germany in 1919 , France in 1968 , Iran in 1979 and Poland in 1980 .
In all of these , a new power emerged to challenge the old state in the form of workers ' councils -- bodies of elected , recallable workers ' delegates who began to take control of the industries , the productive forces of our society and run them democratically .
These workers ' councils are a genuine participatory democracy , in which all delegates are accountable to those they represent and actually have the power to shape society and human destiny .
It is not merely another form of democracy , but a qualitatively different organization of the state , in which the dictatorship of the minority in the interest of capital is finally supplanted by the rule of the majority in the interests of humanity .
They are powerful examples of what is possible , and ones in the face of which the old state inevitably vacillates between extreme violence and resignation to defeat , attempting to exterminate them by force , and failing that , being rendered impotent with the knowledge that the consent of the governed has abandoned them -- that a new power has arisen , that a truly mass revolution has begun to cast them and all their petty ideological illusions into the same refuse pile into which they cast the kings and queens of old .
Workers ' councils are the real embryo of a socialist society .
Socialism exists only in the mass uprising and seizure of power by the working class , for the working class , on a world scale -- one which renders the attempts of a minority to institute counter - revolution like those forced on all previous revolutions impossible .
Everything else , the parodies of Marxism - Leninism that exist in China and North Korea , the attempts of a select elite to conspiratorially institute utopian society from above , the attempts to expand the revolution by the bayonets of an army or the attempts to lobby bought - off legislatures in the name of a working class that is left passive -- these are all dead ends which have not and cannot emancipate humanity from the chains which bind it .
YOU MAY say , and you would be justified in doing so , that this all sounds very good , but the reality we are presented with makes this all seem so unrealistic in the face of present conditions , class consciousness and struggle that is nowhere near these levels .
There certainly are n't any workers ' councils forming today , and so many previous struggles against the state have ended in defeat that we should expect a similar fate for future ones .
And you would in some ways be right , if we were to confine ourselves to passively waiting for spontaneous action -- if we were to act as mere observers waiting for our specific theoretical predictions to be proven true , we would be waiting forever .
Yet we are not here having this meeting so a few more can become enlightened about the inevitable .
We are here because to bring about this new form of society , we need to build the kind of organization that can act to make revolutionary situations a reality and that can provide the leadership in them to push the struggle forward to victory .
Every supposedly spontaneous action is in reality the culmination of years of built - up grievances , agitation and propaganda , of small struggles here and there providing examples of the way forward .
An earthquake does not occur out of nowhere -- it is the product of years , decades of stress , building and building until finally a small movement sets loose world - shaking consequences .
Similarly , in every great spontaneous upheaval of the masses , the patient work of organized socialists working within the movement for years played an essential role in bringing it about .
As we enter a new age of crisis and turbulence , we will need this kind of organization more than ever .
We need an organization that unites militants from across different arenas of struggle , union work , LGBT rights , antiwar organizing , immigrants rights -- the whole spectrum of struggles against injustice which face working - class people .
We need an organization in which these people come together to critically examine their experiences -- to compare and contrast and vigorously debate how to move things forward , how to mobilize people around immediate demands and unify the struggles in ways which point out the contradictions and injustices inherent to the system as a whole .
Only an organization which is welded together by vigorous democratic debate and unified dedication to action can provide a strong enough challenge to capitalism to achieve real gains and ultimate victory for the working class .
This is the organization that we in the ISO are seeking to build , and one which if you share our vision of what a just society needs to look like , you should join us in building .
Socialism is , in summary , a system and an idea that takes as its foundation that people should be able to democratically come together to determine how and for what people work -- to meet human needs and structure our resources and our society in such a way as to allow for every individual to reach their real potential .
It is people coming together to take back their lives from the inhumane forces which control them .
The Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky put it best when he said : " The historic ascent of humanity , taken as a whole , may be summarized as a succession of victories of consciousness over blind forces -- in nature , in society , in man himself . "
Everywhere around us , we see the havoc blind forces are wreaking on our educations , our health , our livelihoods , and the havoc they wreak through the whole world with wars and starvation and exploitation .
The question I pose to you is this :
Will you take action and step up to the historic task of building the organizations and movements that will make that next great victory of consciousness and triumph of human potential over human misery a reality ?
When MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann welcomed three former members of Monty Python to Countdown on Wednesday , his biggest surprise was a question from Terry Gilliam , “ How come that Colin Powell interview about the terror - industrial complex did n’t become a bigger story ? ”
Olbermann was taken aback by the question , but by the next day he had uncovered Powell ’s September 12 , 2007 interview with GQ Magazine .
Powell ’s apology in that interview for his use of faulty intelligence prior to the Iraq
War grabbed the headlines at the time , but he also delivered a far less - noticed warning against what Olbermann now calls “ an entire aspect of the nexus of politics and terror . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ What is the greatest threat facing us now ? ” Powell asked .
“ People will say it ’s terrorism .
But are there any terrorists in the world who can change the American way of life or our political system ?
No . …
The only thing that can really destroy us is us .
We should n’t do it to ourselves , and we should n’t use fear for political purposes — scaring people to death so they will vote for you , or scaring people to death so that we create a terror - industrial complex . ”
When Powell delivered a speech at the University of Oklahoma a short time later , campus reporters asked what he had meant by his remarks , and he replied , “ We ’re spending an enormous amount of money on homeland security , and I think we should spend whatever it takes .
But I think we have to be careful that we do n’t get so caught up in trying to throw money at the terrorist and counter - terrorist problem that we ’re essentially creating an industry that will only exist as long as you keep the terrorist threat pumped up . …
Let ’s make sure that we are spending money on the right things and not spending money just to spend money . ”
Although Powell ’s follow - up remarks focused on the potential for wasting money , the original model for his statements — President Eisenhower ’s 1961 farewell address — was primarily concerned with the threat to a free society of granting “ unwarranted influence ” over US policy to a “ military - industrial complex ” of defense contractors and national security think - tanks that might “ endanger our liberties or democratic processes . ”
Observers had been expessing concern about the rise of the homeland security industry for several years prior to Powell ’s remarks .
Tim Shorrock ’s groundbreaking 2005 article , “ The Spy Who Billed Me , ” revealed how “ the government has outsourced everything from spy satellites to covert operations — and well - connected companies are cashing in . ”
A blog inspired by the article has continued to pursue the subject .
A March 2007 Vanity Fair article on homeland security contractor SAIC and Raw Story ’s May 2007 expose of a questionable anthrax vaccine maker with Bush administration connections explored other aspects of the emerging terror - industrial complex in the months immediately before the Powell interview .
The subject has drawn less attention in the last few years , but the rediscovery of Powell ’s warning may put it back in the spotlight .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast Oct. 15 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Soon , you 'll need more than two hands to count the number of Android phones on the market .
At this rate , it seems inevitable that the number of phones running Google 's open source operating system will eventually outnumber the number of iPhones , which run Apple 's proprietary ( and closed ) operating system .
It 's a situation that has many observers thinking back to the 1980s , when IBM introduced its PC and eclipsed Apple in market share by betting on open platforms .
In the end , Apple was left with a respectable business , but a single - digit morsel of the PC market share .
( The Mac has since crept up to 9.4 percent , according to IDC . )
How could Google draft more customers into the Android army and diminish the iPhone 's market share ?
Focus on the iPhone 's weaknesses , of course .
The iPhone 's lack of background - processing capability ( i.e. , the ability to run multiple third - party apps at once ) could push multitasking professionals toward Android .
And the notoriety of iPhone 's exclusive carrier in the United States , AT&T , could compel consumers to embrace Android phones carried by Verizon , which has a bigger network and a better reputation for service .
Then there 's the App Store .
Despite harboring upward of 90,000 apps , and letting a few developers earn hundreds of thousands of dollars , the Apple 's App Store approval process has been roundly criticized for being opaque .
Apple has rejected some apps submitted by third - party developers for unclear reasons .
Programmers complain it 's difficult or impossible to communicate with the secretive Cupertino , California , company .
Did we mention the App Store is overcrowded ?
In a way , that 's a plus for consumers : the more choices , the better .
But it can be a headache for third - party programmers , who have difficulty getting exposure for their apps in an increasingly cluttered space .
The flaws of the App Store could drive away the people who create the element that makes the iPhone so appealing — its wealth of apps furthering the capabilities of the handset .
There 's a lot at stake .
Research firm Gartner this week stated that worldwide smartphone shipments would grow 29 percent year over year to 180 million units , exceeding notebook shipments .
That would suggest smartphones are shaping up to become the next major computing platform – and the companies who control the dominant platforms stand to gain billions in revenue .
Still , most analysts and developers polled by Wired.com are n't too worried about Apple 's prospects in the smartphone space .
" This is not going to be a space with two giants , " said Raven Zachary , a technology analyst and owner of iPhone app - development house Small Society .
" It 's going to be a healthy competitive environment for some time to come . "
Relatively young , the mobile platform ecosystem is a new kind of beast in the technology world .
Unlike the PC industry — where Microsoft conquered the operating system market , claiming roughly 90 percent market share to date — the mobile space has multiple companies fighting for their fair share of the pie .
Some of those players include Research In Motion , Palm , Symbian and Microsoft .
With an early start , Microsoft did have a chance to dominate the mobile landscape .
The software titan launched its first mobile OS back in 1996 : Windows CE , which served as the foundation for the Windows Mobile OS shipping with some smartphones today .
However , in terms of market share , Windows Mobile has been in steady decline .
In 2008 , its market share dropped to 14 percent — down from 23 percent in 2004 .
With 49 percent market share , Symbian is currently the dominant force in the smartphone platform space , according to Gartner .
Gartner predicts Symbian will retain its dominance , and the firm is especially optimistic about Android : Gartner predicts Android will leap to 18 percent market share ( up from 1.6 percent to date ) .
Meanwhile , the firm has a less optimistic outlook for Apple : 2.9 percent growth by 2012 , giving the company 13.6 percent market share .
These numbers lead Joe Wilcox of BetaNews to declare that " iPhone cannot win the smartphone wars , " in an article that has sparked much debate in the tech community this week .
He argues that Android , which is expanding onto other mobiles devices in addition to smartphones ( such as Barnes and Noble 's " Nook " e-book reader ) is poised to conquer this space .
" Another ' everyone else against Apple battle ' is coming , with Android looking to be the better OS around which an ecosystem grows and thrives , " Wilcox wrote .
" There 's a Star Wars metaphor here somewhere .
Apple lost out to DOS / Windows because of the attack of the PC clones .
Now the droids are coming for iPhone . "
Tero Kuittinen , an MKM Partners telecom analyst , disagrees , and he is n't as optimistic about Android because of its bumpy start .
" The key point about Android is the first few models have n't really been doing great , " Kuittinen said in a phone interview .
" Based on that there 's no real evidence that the demand of Android phones is rampant . "
Kuittinen noted that European customers already seem " cautious " about Android because of the sluggish , buggy experience of the earliest Google phones .
Other than technical issues , Google has many areas to address before posing a serious threat , such as offering a compelling music substitute for Android smartphones to battle iTunes , Kuittinen said .
Google is just getting started with a music solution :
The search giant on Wednesday launched a new music - search feature , which automatically searches for playable music tracks .
Andreas Schobel , co-founder of Snaptic , which develops apps for both Android and the iPhone , said the Android OS has a lot of catching up to do in terms of user interface .
" The UI still sucks ; it 's just not being able to pinch , not being able to use gestures , that makes it rough , " Schobel said .
" It 's getting better , but it 's still not there yet . "
However , Schobel foresees a division occurring between consumers who opt for Android and those who stick with an iPhone .
He noted that Android stands a chance to win over productivity - focused users due to its ability to handle multiple apps simultaneously , which the iPhone cannot do .
He added that Android 's open API enables developers to easily create " mash - up " apps that can seamlessly integrate social networking services such as Facebook and Twitter into any app .
Though Android might become a popular platform for productivity , the iPhone will still be the primary handset for gaming , Schobel predicted .
Game developers are more attracted to coding a game for the iPhone , because they 're programming a game to work with a specific piece of hardware and take full advantage of its graphic chip — an effort that would not be easy with an open platform like Android , an OS designed for multiple phones using different types of hardware .
In any case , Schobel said Android is gaining momentum fast , and Apple must continue to innovate in order to stay ahead of the smartphone OS curve .
" People on Android are going to be pushing forward in such a feverish pace , and Apple is going to have to start doing stuff really soon , " Schobel said .
Just what determines who " wins " a smartphone platform war ?
That 's subjective .
Wilcox bases his argument purely on market - share numbers ; whoever gets the biggest slice of the pie wins by his definition .
But Zachary said the iPhone is still a winner at its current size , and he'd be happy if it one day grew to grab 25 percent of the mobile - platform market share — not a dominating number .
In a space that 's crowded with several players , a definitive loss would be the complete failure and disappearance of a company .
Zachary and Schobel are both betting Palm will be the first to go .
Palm 's WebOS runs on the Palm Pre , and the company currently possesses 0 percent market share , according to Gartner , who predicts WebOS ' market share will only grow 1.4 percent in the next three years .
The company 's smartphone market share continues to shrink , and Zachary said he previously thought Palm would eventually be acquired by a larger company , such as Samsung , to develop mobile operating systems in - house .
However , because Google hands out Android as a free , open source OS , this decreases the value of Palm as an acquisition target .
" Who I 'm really scared for is Palm , " Schobel said .
" They 're dead . "
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
1. Teletubbies
Anybody for tubby - custard ?
How about we just watch TV off each other ’s stomachs for a while ?
Nah , you ’re right , it ’s all repeats these days .
Let ’s just spend half an hour laughing at our slurping robotic vacuum cleaner or , better yet , let ’s see what Tinky Winkie ’s handbag .
What a crazy life those Teletubbies live .
Created by the BBC , Teletubies is a show about four multicolored aliens whose entire existence is limited to endlessly meandering about a strangely artificial landscape experiencing disturbing hallucinations .
All of this to be of continual amusement to the sun god Ra , who watches over them from his fiery throne in the heavens .
I ’ve always assumed that the tubby - Tronic Superdome ( the Teletubbies ’ high tech hobbit home ) is some kind of alien insane asylum , prison or care home .
The Teletubbies themselves are incapable of any form of rational thought but the house provides them with the bare essentials of survival .
They eat bread and gruel , sleep in very small beds but have a decent level of hygiene , which is more than you could expect from an NHS care home .
Perhaps whoever bred this group of lobotomized idiots decided that it would be in everybody ’s best interests to isolate them from the civilized world .
Another theory is that the show ’s creators were trying to portray how our over - dependence on technology will eventually cause us to regress to a childlike state of consciousness .
The house provides everything they need and so the Teletubby species has no need for intelligent thought , rather like the Eloi in H.G Wells ’ classic novel ‘ The Time Machine ’ .
However , it ’s far more likely that the BBC was simply trying to hypnotize children with a mixture of bright colors and eerie sound effects .
2. The Hoobs
A Jim Henson Company production ,
The Hoobs appears to be perfectly innocent at first glance , but look a little deeper and you notice some bizarre things .
The huge amount of sexual innuendo that creeps into the show for one .
The Hoobs is a technologically advanced ( if a little stupid ) alien species .
In the show , they send four of their kin – Tula , Groove , Ivor , and Roma – to Earth to study our planet and make daily reports back to their homeworld .
The reports are broadcast on Hoob TV and usually contain innocuous information such as ‘ humans wear hats to keep their heads warm ’ .
But are these broadcasts just a cover story ?
Are Tula , Ivor , and Groove really conducting reconnaissance for an impending Hoob invasion ?
Is Huba Bubba really the producer of the show or is he the commander of the Hoob battle fleet ?
And when Hubba Bubba becomes supreme overlord of Earth will we become a slave race like the Motorettes – a bio-mechanoid worker race forced to live in the engine compartment of the Hoob - mobile .
3. Lazy Town
Lazy Town is a small town populated entirely by puppets , with the one exception of Stephanie who is human .
However , Stephanie ’s uncle – the mayor of Lazy Town – is a puppet , raising certain questions about her parents ’ sex life .
The people of the town are inherently lazy but Stephanie is determined to change this , with the help of her friend Sporticus – and Hispanic fitness freak who lives in a blimp ( also human ) .
Changing the lifestyle of the townsfolk would be much easier were it not for the interference of over - acting Jim Carey wannabe , Robby Rotten .
However , Sporticus always wins the day , causing Stephanie to burst into emphatic song and dance like a member of the 90s gay techno scene .
The show is abound with clichés and messages about healthy eating .
Sporticus continually encourages the kids to eat ‘ sports candy ’ ( fruit and vegetables ) .
His kryptonite is sugar , which causes him to go into ‘ sugar meltdown ’ .
The show ’s bright colors and plastic veneer make it impossible to watch without producing ‘ vomit candy ’ .
4 . In the Night Garden
The night garden exists only in the mind of a sleeping blue infant wookie .
Each night as Iggle Piggle falls asleep on his little rowing boat , all the many creatures of the night garden awaken .
Amongst them are Makka Pakka – an obsessive troll who travels the garden cleaning all the stones , the Pontipines – a family of tiny people with eight tiny children , and the Tombliboos – three little weirdoes who live in an Ewok village and love to hug and kiss each other .
Perhaps the strangest thing about the night garden is that even public transport seems to be alive .
The Ninky Nonk ( a train ) and the Pinky Ponk ( an airship ) both ‘ go to sleep ’ when the other garden dwellers do .
They know it ’s time to sleep when the roof of the gazebo in the center of the garden begins to spin .
5. Bibleman
Is it a bird ?
Is it a plane ?
No , it ’s a 35 - year - old virgin in a plastic costume .
Bibleman is the ultimate bible bashing superhero .
Actually he ’s the only bible bashing superhero .
Unlike Superman , Spiderman and other meddling do - gooders , Bibleman does n’t have any superpowers .
He does n’t need them ; all he needs is the love of the lord !
Instead , he dispatches his evil foes by incessantly quoting the good book and nagging them to death .
When his words fail him , however , Bibleman resorts to using a lightsaber to slay his enemies .
Despite poor production values and a condescending attitude , Bibleman has become surprisingly popular in America ( probably more popular with parents than with kids ) , even spawning a chain of all - singing all - dancing stage shows in which Bibleman ’s rapping sidekick , Cypher , and masked cliché , Biblegirl , really come into their own .
If you ’re interested to learn more about Bibleman , the Bibleman stage shows or the Bibleman videogame , my advice would be to shoot yourself immediately .
6. The Clangers
The Clangers is a 1970s TV classic , beloved by adults and children alike .
The Clanger is seen as a UK icon , with toy Clangers still available in shops today , but the show reached a worldwide audience throughout the 70s and 80s .
The Clangers are essentially a family of pink mice who can only communicate by whistling .
They live on a small barren moon where their only natural food source is soup – which is either harvested or produced by the Soup Dragon .
Their home consists of a series of burrows cut into the moon ’s surface , the entrances to which are covered with dustbin lids .
The Clangers is a highly inquisitive species and they spend their time exploring the other planets in their star system , discovering strange life forms such as music plants and , in one episode , and astronaut .
7. Greenclaws
Very few people remember this BBC production from the late 1980s .
Most people think that it was a strange dream .
If only it were .
Greenclaws was a big , fat , slightly camp gardening monster with a penchant for the arts .
Greenclaws ’ hobbies included music , cookery , and painting but his real passion was gardening , evidenced by the fact that he lived in a giant greenhouse .
His secret gardening weapon was a tree with the power to make plants grow really fast .
He simply placed a seed inside the tree trunk , which opened like a microwave , and within minutes it would be fully grown .
His friend Owlma , a talking mechanical owl alerted him when the plant was ready .
Was the mechanical owl really necessary or relevant ?
Not in the least .
8 . Tales of the riverbank
These Canadian kids show featured a cast of real rodents , most famously Hammy the hamster , driving cars , flying airplanes and operating a diving bell .
The show first hit TV screens trough 1959 - 1960 and then again in 1972 .
A third incarnation of the show ( this time in color ) was aired from 1995 to 1998 .
Evidently , Hammy was not one hamster but many .
Alongside Hammy , the Hamster was Roderick the Rat ( who drove a motorboat ) and GP the Guinea Pig ( an inventor and pilot ) .
9. Bear in the Big Blue House
Another ingenious creation of the Jim Henson Company .
As you might imagine the show is about a bear who lives in a big blue house .
Do n’t worry , it ’s not a real bear but a man in a disturbingly life - like consume .
Although being an intimidating 6 foot tall , Bear is actually very friendly and a surprisingly good dancer .
He has lots of friends , including the moon , and likes to spend his time laughing , singing and shaking his giant booty .
This might sound like any other kids show , however , the bear ’s dancing is not only hypnotic but somewhat contagious .
His incredible footwork has to be seen to be believed .
10 . Boohbah
Anne Wood of Teletubbies fame ( if it can be called fame ) was responsible for creating this Anglo - American monstrosity .
Essentially another brightly colored acid trip into a world where anything is possible ( but nothing ever seems to happen ) , Boobah can be described as both terrifying and hilarious .
If you are wondering what a Boobah is , I ’m afraid there is no simple answer .
They seem to be a species of frankly ridiculous aliens who travel the globe in an organically constructed inter-dimensional craft known as the Boohbah .
They are fat and hairy , and their bald heads are protected by a layer of retractable neck skin that is similar in appearance to that of a foreskin .
The Boobah , with which the Boobahs seem to have a symbiotic relationship , appears as a single glowing light and is capable of traveling at high speeds .
This explains why nobody yet has been able to blast it out of the sky .
A reader — let ’s call her Jane — is part of a message board where members discuss marriage and family .
Jane recently posted that she and her husband needed marriage counseling because of communication problems .
Some of the forum members suggested church counseling and Jane declined .
She said she was an atheist and faith - based counseling was n’t for her .
That led to this unbelievable response from one woman :
I respect your religious views .
Do n’t get it wrong but Girlfriend if you do n’t believe in the God who formed you how the heck do you think two individuals with two different personalities ( A man and woman ) can make it without God .
Oh , and not to be wrong Jesus created marriage .
So why the heck are you even married if you do n’t believe in God .
Shacking up is the normal way that people that do n’t believe in God go .
I know this was more fact than help but I ’m a counselor for my church and this is a regular thing now a day .
You know what it would be even more educational for me if you could respond and let me know WHY DO ATHEIST GET MARRIED ?
Can a Christian please decipher and provide answers to this collection of “ fact ” ?
The atheists here would do it , but apparently , we ’re too busy sodomizing each other to type out a response .
I am shaken and traumatized after the yesterday ’s blast which took place inside my office building only a few paces away from my glass - cabin .
The blast was so sudden and strong that it took me some time to register what actually had happened there with all of us .
It was so strong that I was thrown from my chair to a few feet away on the floor .
Everything was shattered into pieces only in a matter of seconds .
When I tried getting up from the floor , I had broken wooden pieces in my hair , my head and body were aching badly as something had hit me severely .
I was not in my senses and my whole body was shaking badly , the sound of the deadly blast was resonating in my ears and I was so shocked that I could not move a step .
There were injured colleagues lying on the floor .
My room was on fire and pieces of paper , broken pieces of doors , broken pieces of my glass cabin , windows and tables were lying here and there .
I was looking at my injured colleagues in a state of shock and horror .
“ Vacate the building immediately ” , I heard one of my colleagues saying .
But I could not move till the time one of my colleague dragged me outside the building .
But that was not the end of it .
The real horror started when my colleagues started taking the dead and injured bodies outside the building .
Yes , bodies drenched in blood of people I worked and used to spent a major part of my day on regular basis …
It was such a heartbreaking scene …
… We had tears in ours eyes .
We were horrified and traumatized …
None of us in the office had ever imagined that this Bloody Monday will change our lives for ever and we will be left with haunted memories of the incident .
I have not recovered from the shock yet , the whole scene is playing back again and again in my brain , even the sedative pills failed to calm down my nerves .
None of my other colleagues are out of trauma yet .
Those innocent souls who died in the blast would never be there in our office again and our office would never be the same place again …..
I pray for all the departed souls ( Gul , Farzana , Wahab , Abid Rehman and Udan ) and I am going to miss them forever …
My mother says that it is a miracle that I have only minor injuries and I survived despite the fact that the bomb blasted only a few paces away from where I sit But I am thinking why this miracle did not happen in case of Gul , Farzana , Wahab , Abid Rehman and Udan .
Why these innocent people lost their lives ??
What will become of their families now ??
What was their fault or What was our fault that all of us became victims of a bomb blast and are left with haunted memories ??
We can only hope that world leaders will do nothing more than enjoy a pleasant bicycle ride around the charming streets of Copenhagen come December .
For if they actually manage to wring out an agreement based on the current draft text of the Copenhagen climate - change treaty , the world is in for some nasty surprises .
Draft text , you say ?
If you have n't heard about it , that 's because none of our otherwise talkative political leaders have bothered to tell us what the drafters have already cobbled together for leaders to consider .
And neither have the media .
Enter Lord Christopher Monckton .
The former adviser to Margaret Thatcher gave an address at Bethel University in St. Paul , Minnesota , earlier this month that made quite a splash .
For the first time , the public heard about the 181 pages , dated Sept. 15 , that comprise the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change — a rough draft of what could be signed come December .
So far there have been more than a million hits on the YouTube post of his address .
It deserves millions more because Lord Monckton warns that the aim of the Copenhagen draft treaty is to set up a transnational " government " on a scale the world has never before seen .
TORONTO ( Fortune ) --
Is reggae superstar Bob Marley bigger than Jesus ?
That 's debatable , but the music legend who died 28 years ago is about to challenge Elvis Presley and Michael Jackson for the title of richest dead celebrity .
Toronto - based private - equity firm Hilco Consumer Capital has struck a management deal with the Marley estate , which is expected to generate worldwide annual sales in excess of $ 1 billion by 2012 .
That seems like a huge number , but by some estimates the Marley name , sound , and image already generate as much as $ 600 million in pirated merchandise .
" Marley is a strong global brand , " says Mickey Goodman , a professional marketer and professor at New York University 's Stern School of Business .
" He enjoys a high level of awareness , and people feel positive about his music . "
Major licensing agreements for the Marley brand are about to be launched in two key areas : consumer electronics -- including headphones , docking stations , and speakers -- and health care , which will likely feature skin -care products and herbal supplements .
Also in the works , according to Hilco , are deals for a Marley - branded calming beverage , a video game similar to Guitar Hero featuring Marley 's songs , and a chain of restaurants celebrating the music superstar .
Could this be commercial overkill for the Rastafarian whose spiritual songs about social injustice , hope , and redemption have become anthems for billions of fans , from Marrakech to Tokyo , and will it alienate them ?
" This is not just about money , " says Jamie Salter , Hilco 's chief executive .
" We have to believe in the people and products we partner with . "
Salter adds that the Marley estate will have final say on all business ventures , and that charities will figure into the overall mix of Marley branding .
Licensing of dead celebrities is an industry that has exploded in the last decade , thanks in large part to the proliferation of websites and blogs devoted to their memory .
Typically , an estate receives 10 % to 15 % of gross proceeds from a licensing deal , which in this case will be divided between Hilco and the Marley family .
The artist who created such reggae hits as " One Love , " " No Woman , No Cry , " and " I Shot the Sheriff " fathered a total of 13 children , some out of wedlock , and it 's not clear how many are included in the estate .
Salter declined to explain how proceeds will be divided between his management company -- which also has an equity stake in a number of high - profile brands , including Polaroid , Sharper Image , and fashion label Halston -- and the Marleys .
However , at a conservative 10 % , licensing fees from $ 1 billion in annual sales should pull in about $ 100 million for Hilco and the Marleys .
That tops the latest figures reported for Presley ( $ 55 million ) , John Lennon ( $ 15 million ) , and Jimi Hendrix ( $ 8 million ) .
Michael Jackson -- who is worth more dead than alive with an estimated $ 90 million in earnings in the last 12 months -- appears to be Marley 's nearest rival for the richest - dead - celebrity crown .
However , much of Jackson 's reversal of fortune is due to a sharp spike in the sales of his albums and merchandise in the weeks following his death , as well as the one - time success of " This Is It , " a film documenting rehearsals for shows he never performed at London 's O2 arena .
But the danger of operating the Marley marketing machine in overdrive is that it could irreparably harm the natural mystic 's image .
Some brand experts now view Elvis as more of a caricature than icon as a result of overexposure .
For Sanjay Sood , director of the Entertainment & Media Management Institute at UCLA , there 's one question to ask :
If Marley were alive today , would he want his name associated with a particular product ?
" A lot of artists would say ' no , ' " says Sood .
" Otherwise , they would have done it when they were alive . "
Presley 's estate , which is managed by New York - based CKX , launched a line of clothing that turned out to be a bust .
( CKX also controls the Muhammad Ali brand and has an equity stake in the company that produces the " American Idol " television show . )
More recently , Lennon 's widow Yoko Ono has licensed her husband 's song " Real Love " to be used by JC Penny ( JCP , Fortune 500 ) in television ads , and she 's given Ben & Jerry 's ice cream permission to release a Lennon - inspired flavor called " Imagine Whirled Peace . "
Salter of Hilco says the Marley brand has a long way to go before reaching saturation , noting he also considered doing business with the Dean Martin , Marilyn Monroe , and Jimi Hendrix estates , but settled on the Rastafarian from Trench Town , Jamaica , because that 's where he says he saw the biggest potential .
There has never been a better time , it seems , to be a dead celebrity -- or perhaps , more precisely , the heir to a dead celebrity 's name .
This kind of highly confidential document – pictured above – is rarely seen by the public .
These so - called " spotter cards " are issued by police to identify individuals they consider to be potential troublemakers because they have appeared at a number of demonstrations .
The photographs are drawn from police intelligence files .
This card was apparently dropped at a demonstration against Britain 's largest arms fair in 2005 .
H is Mark Thomas , the comedian and political activist .
Asked why it was justifiable to put Thomas , who has no criminal record , on this card , the Metropolitan police replied : " We do not discuss intelligence we may hold in relation to individuals . "
Thomas had been acquitted of criminal damage after attaching himself to a bus containing arms traders at a previous fair .
The Met said : " This is an appropriate tactic used by police to help them identify people at specific events … who may instigate offences or disorder . "
The arms fair " is a biannual event that is specifically targeted by known protest groups , who in the past have stated their intention was to shut down or disrupt the event . "
As the cards are " strictly controlled " , the officers who lost it were " dealt with " .
On Comment is Free today Thomas writes : " Protesters – or , as the police call them , ' domestic extremists ' – are the new ' reds under the bed ' . "
• Are you featured on the card ?
How do you feel about it ?
Let us know by emailing news.desk@theguardian.com
Our thanks to David N. Cassuto of Animal Blawg ( “ Transcending Speciesism Since October 2008 ” ) for permission to republish this piece by Katie Hance on a new study by the Worldwatch Institute and its implications for the welfare of livestock animals .
In 2006 , the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organization ( FAO ) reported that livestock accounted for 18 % of greenhouse gases , making livestock emissions “ one of the most significant contributors to today ’s most serious environmental problems . ”
However recently , Worldwatch Institute , a Washington D.C. environmental think - tank , reported that livestock emissions actually account for 51 % of greenhouse gases .
Worldwatch Institute found that the FAO underestimate and overlooked some direct and indirect livestock emissions including CO2 emissions from livestock respiration , methane emissions , and emissions from clearing land to graze livestock and grow feed .
The report concluded by proposing that livestock products be replaced with soy - based and other alternative products .
The listed benefits of doing so include slowing climate change , helping to ease the global food and water crises , improving health and nutrition , and creating additional and safer jobs ( since jobs producing alternative products are more labor intensive but not as dangers as jobs in the livestock industry ) .
Beyond replacing livestock products with soy - based ( or vegan ) products , others have proposed reducing livestock emissions by : changing the cows ’ diet — replacing corn with flaxseed that mimics the natural grasses cows have evolved to eat — to reduce methane emissions ; and both regulating factory farms , [ which ] produce enormous amounts of waste and emissions , and supporting small family farms , which are more environmentally sustainable .
All of these changes would reduce livestock emissions .
Additionally , all of these changes would improve the welfare of livestock animals .
As this blog [ Animal Blawg ] has previously discussed ( see here and here ) , there is a strong link between the environment and animal welfare .
The United States government is concerned with greenhouse gas emissions and is trying to fulfill President Obama ’s campaign promise to cut greenhouse gases 80 % by 2050 .
In light of this report claiming that livestock emissions account for 51 % of greenhouse gases , it is clear that the government needs to address farming in its efforts to reduce greenhouse emissions .
Hopefully , the government will address this issue and in doing so make changes that both improve the environment and the welfare of livestock animals .
This tutorial is quite a long one , so I would go get a drink now if I were you , OK we are going to make a MacBook Pro in Photoshop using shapes and different blending options , combining these two simple things we get a realistic vector outcome which can be used in many different situations , so…let ’s begin ,
What We Are Going To Achieve
First of All
Part 1 – Basic Shapes
Step 1 – Creating The Front
Step 2 – Creating The Keyboard Section
Step 3 – Creating The Screen / Monitor
Step 4 – Creating The Inner Screen
Part 2 – Adding The Blending Options
Step 1 – Blending Options For The Front
Step 2 – Blending Options For The Keyboard Area
Step 3 – Blending Options For The Outer Screen
Step 4 – Blending Options For The Inner Screen
Part 3 – Adding The Details
Step 1 – Adding An Image To The Inner Screen
Step 2 – Adding The Button on The Front
Step 3 – Adding The CD Slot
Step 4 – Adding The Clips At The Top
Step 5 – Adding The Webcam
Step 6 – Adding The Feet
Step 7 – Writing MacBook Pro
Below is the outcome of this tutorial , as you can see it looks fantastic and it ’s not that hard to create …
Don ’f forget to create a new document as always this time I am using the sizes 1000 x 800 to make sure I can add alot of detail to the MacThis section will cover creating the basic shapes for the Mac , so here it does n’t matter about colours or gradients but make sure to use slightly different colours for each seperate section as not to get confused between them , this combined with giving each layer it ’s own name will help to differentiate between them .
The first step is to create the front of the Mac , to do this simply pick the Rounded Rectangle Tool ( shown below ) and draw a fairly long rectangle similar to the one below :
The shape is drawn near the bottom of the canvas in order to leave enough room for the rest of the Mac above :
When the shape has been drawn right click the layer in the layers tab and choose rasterize layer this is so that we can erase some of the top , to do this choose the Rectangular Marquee Tool ( shown below ) and cut off the top of the rectangle with a selection similar to below , this is to get rid of the curved top and create a flat base : Selection to be made :
Once the above selection has been made press delete on your keyboard to be left with a rounded rectangle with a flat top :
This step will show you how to create the keyboard section for the Mac , this will require us to create some perspective so it looks like it is 3D , First slightly change your foreground colour and then draw a rectangle like below using the normal Rectangle Tool : Now press CTRL +
T to make it so that the shape can be transformed and on one of the anchor points right click to bring up the transformation menu , from this menu choose the Perspective option :
Now when you click and drag one of the anchor points it will make the shape seem to get smaller therefore creating perspective , with this option click the top right anchor point and drag to the left so that you have something similar to below :
Now you have the above shape then you need to make it smaller , so make sure you are out of the transform option by pressing Enter or clicking the Tick Icon in the top toolbar , and simply drag the shape downwards so that it is n’t as tall and you should have something the same as below :
To create the screen is simple as it is just one rectangle but making sure you get the size right is important as it wo n’t look realistic if the screen is to big / small so again slightly change the colour of the foreground colour and simply choose the Rounded Rectangle Tool and draw the shape below ( After the shape has been drawn simply go to the layers tab and drag it below the keyboard layer so that it does n’t appear on top of it ) With this done we now need to create the final main shape which is the inner part of the screen
The final main shape to be drawn is the inner part of the screen which again is just a simple rectangle but it ’s size and position is important , so as before make sure your using the rounded rectangle tool and drawn the below shape with again a slightly different foreground colour :
Now we have all of the main shapes we can start to add the blending options to each different shape to make them look more like a MacBook , To get the blending options menu up simply double click the chosen layer in the layers tab which will bring up the blending options menu , Most of the blending options for the layers are similar as to what options to use but the settings for each maybe different so I will just simply put up the screenshot of each setting followed by what it should look like , After applying these settings then your front should look like this :
After applying these settings then your keyboard area should look like this :
After applying these settings then your Outer Screen should look like this :
This being the most simple part all it has is a Stroke as an image will be placed over the top later to make it look more like a desktop screen :
So after all these options have been applied you should have something that resembles a laptop sort of shape and more specifically a MacBook Pro shape and colour , the next section we will start to add some details onto the image .
Possibly the most time consuming part is adding the little details e.g. buttons , webcam etc … but all of it adds to the realism so lets start with adding a wallpaper to the background , First thing is first , we need an image to add to the inner screen , so I have just chosen a standard Mac wallpaper that you seem to see everywhere , but for the sake of this tutorial we shall use THIS imageTo add it to the inner screen simply copy and paste it into your document and place it directly above the Inner Screen layer in the layers tab , When it is in the right position simpy right click the wallpaper layer and choose “ Create Clipping Mask ” which should make it a clipping mask of the Inner Screen layer and just be displayed there as shown below :
Now we need to add the button on the front of the Mac which is simply three rounded rectangles inside one another , Choose the Rounded Rectangle Tool and set the radius to 20px ( Top Toolbar ) and draw a rectangle in the middle of the front base the same as below :
Now add the following Blending Options : Now once this is done you should have something the same as below :
The inner button is pretty much exactly the same as the outer button except it is smaller so it fits inside the outer button and also it has the same blending options except the Stroke is set to 2px instead of just one , use the below image for size referencing :
This is simply just a very small inner rectangle with the colour # 717D8A and is placed within the inner part on the left hand side :
The next part is to add the CD slot onto the front of the Mac , to do this first draw another rounded rectangle with the radius set to 20px , this time draw it on the right hand side of the image and then go on Blending Options and use the same Blending Options as used on the Outer Part of the button , when done you will have something similar to below :
Now we need to add another inner part to the CD drive this is where the CD bit actually goes but there is no blending options needed for this so set the foreground colour to # 808080 and draw another rounded rectangle just inside the outer part , use the image below for reference :
Finally for the CD drive we need to add a little slot in the middle so that it looks like a CD can be put inside for this use the Line Tool ( Shown below ) and set the foreground colour to # 6E6E6E and draw a line from the left edge to the right edge so that you have something like below :
Now to finish off the front of the Mac we need to add a little hole , where the headphones plug in ( I think I ca n’t afford a Mac atm so would n’t know ) to do this simply choose the Elipse Tool and draw a small circle on the left hand side of the button and make sure the foreground colour is set to black ( #000000 ) and there we have finished the front of the Mac as shown below :
These clips are what keep the lid closed and are very simple to create as again it is just a case of using the Rounded Rectangle tool and creating two little rectangles , The first rectangle is simply thin and long and just needs to be black ( #000000 ) place it just to the left of centre at the very top of the screen as shown below ( Make sure the radius of the Rounded Rectangle Tool is set to 2 px ) This rectangle is the same thickness but also really short and needs to be placed on the very left of the first rectangle and on top , draw it with the foreground colour at # 90939B and then go on blending options and set the stroke to the below settings , When this has been applied you will have something similar to below :
Now all we need to do is the same for just right of centre on the screen so that there is two clips , the best way to do this would be to in the layers tab go on the 1st rectangle and press CTRL + J ( Duplicates Layer ) and move it across to the other side and then do the same for the 2nd Rectangle , when this has been done you will have the same as below :
After this is done we are nearly there , just the webcam and feet to go , The simplest thing to add would probably be the Webcam as this is just a black rounded rectangle placed in between the two clips at the top and next to this a little dot which is found on Mac ’s make sure the radius is set to 2px and simply add these two features using the below image as reference :
The penultimate step to creating the MacBook Pro is to add the feet simply again draw a rounded rectangle underneath the bottom of the Mac just in from the left hand side and make sure it is below your Front Base layer in the layers tab and when this is done simply press CTRL +
J and transfer to the right hand side of the Mac and there you go you now have feet :
The final main step is to simply writein the centre of the screen just above the keyboard area I used font Verdana and font size 10 , and then when this is done we have our finished MacBook Pro.
Alternatively you could keep going and add a shadow underneath and maybe a reflection , each of which I have written tutorials on :
And if you wanted to tell people Mac ’s are made by Apple then you can add the Apple logo in the centre of the display , and below is the final image which you should have , click the image to see the full size version
Thanks to an email from “ Scot ” , he sent me a picture of the Mac keyboard which can be implemented into the design first of all here is the picture :
And to insert it onto the current keyboard simply open it up in Photoshop and drag it into your current document as shown below :
Now set the opacity to about 40 % of the layer so that you can see through it and now press CTRL +
T to go into transform mode , whilst in transform mode right click on one of the anchor points and choose Distort as shown below :
The distort menu allows you to drag the corners of the image in to any position , in this case we are going to drag them onto each corner of the keyboard layer like below : Using the above method do the same with the other 3 corners so that they each match up with the correct corners , when done press enter or the tick in the top toolbar to apply the transformation and set the opacity back to 100 % then you will have something similar to below ( Zooming into the corner helps when tryin to be precise ) To finish double click the new keyboard layer to bring up the blending options and use the settings shown below :
When this has been applied then you are complete and we have the final MacBook Pro including the keyboard ( Thanks to Scot ) and we should have the final image like below :
And as always if you have any problems with this tutorial then do n’t hesitate to leave me a comment or email me at : stevie489@googlemail.com and I will help you as much as I can …
Sep 2009 : Amazing ( But Graphic ) video from Bali of a elephant giving birth and her determination to revive the baby after it appears to be dead .
I found this video fascinating and i hope you do too !
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Reports of women carrying out sex attacks on children have soared in the last five years , a charity said on Monday .
A young visitor in Trafalgar Square cools off in a fountain in the midday sun in London , July 15 , 2003 .
REUTERS / Stephen Hird
ChildLine said there had been a 132 percent rise in reports of female sex abuse made to its telephone helpline , compared to a 27 percent rise in abuse by men in the same five - year period .
“ Most sex abuse calls to ChildLine come from girls saying they were assaulted by a male , ” said Sue Minto , head of the helpline .
“ But a growing number of callers now say they were sexually abused by a female .
Many would find it shocking that any woman -- let alone a mother -- can sexually assault a child .
But they do . ”
Britain has been stunned by a number of high profile sex abuse cases involving women in recent months .
Last month Vanessa George , a female nursery worker and a married mother - of - two admitted a string of sexual assaults and making indecent images of children .
One of George ’s two co-accused who admitted similar charges was a woman .
ChildLine said last year it had heard from 2,142 children who said they had been abused by a woman , almost a quarter of all cases where the abuser ’s gender could be identified .
The report said 1,311 children said they had been sexually abused by their mother , 61 percent of calls about female sex abuse , although more than twice as many said they had been abused by their father .
“ This report reveals that ChildLine , by listening to the direct and authentic voices of abused children , has shattered common myths about sexual abuse , ” said Esther Rantzen , President of ChildLine .
“ It does not only happen to girls , as many people believe , it happens to boys too .
Mothers can sometimes sexually abuse their sons . ”
Foto : Hans Jacob Brekke
Hva er denne sirkelen ?
Jostein Andreassen svømte en gang bort til den for å undersøke men fant ikke noe spesielt , bortsett fra at det er formasjoner på bunnen som gjør at planten vokser på denne måten .
Tjønnet er 5 - 10 meter dypt og det er ikke alle steder planten når overflaten .
Noen mener at det en gang ble detonert en bombe fra 2 . verdenskrig der , men gjøres det slikt på 5 - 10 meter dyp ?
Spennende .
Forsvaret er selvfølgelig kontaktet for å sjekke registeret .
🙂 Oppdatering :
De hadde ikke noe register for dette og bad meg kontakte lokalt politikammer på Søgne .
Her er artikkelen : FVN
The Toronto District School Board is banned from charging development fees that could be used to create spaces for students in neighbourhoods where sc ...
The Toronto District School Board is banned from charging development fees that could be used to create spaces for students in neighbourhoods where sc ...
The Toronto District School Board ( TDSB ) is reporting that there are now more than 60 schools with one or more staff and / or students who have tested positive ...
CSB LETHAL
A chemical explosion at T2 Laboratories in 2007 killed four workers .
Text Size A A
A runaway exothermic chemical reaction is the likely cause of a fatal accident at T2 Laboratories , a Jacksonville , Fla. , chemical manufacturer , the Chemical Safety & Hazard Investigation Board ( CSB ) says in a report released at a public meeting in Jacksonville last week .
The Dec. 19 , 2007 , accident was one of the most destructive ever investigated by the board , shattering nearby buildings and sending debris a mile away , says Robert Hall , CSB investigation supervisor .
The blast killed four of the company 's 12 employees , including the facility 's co-owner , a chemical engineer .
It injured four other workers and 28 community members .
The plant was destroyed .
Triggering the accident was a reaction to make the octane - enhancing gasoline additive methylcyclopentadienyl manganese tricarbonyl ( MCMT ) in a 2,400 - gal reactor .
The batch reactor had been in use since 2004 , but during start - up on the day of the accident , a loss of cooling led to uncontrollable rises in temperature and pressure .
The reactor burst , igniting its contents and creating an explosion equivalent to 1,400 lb of TNT , the board says .
Although the company was led by a chemist and a chemical engineer , neither was familiar with process controls for highly reactive chemicals , such as those used to formulate MCMT , Hall and CSB Chairman John Bresland say .
The board recommends that the American Institute of Chemical Engineers and the Accreditation Board for Engineering & Technology work together to include reactive chemical education in undergraduate chemical engineering education .
Less than 11 % of universities now include such courses in chemical engineering curricula .
CSB 's educational recommendation angers the United Steelworkers and other chemical workers ' unions .
The group says CSB is " abrogating its mandate " to investigate accidents and urge CSB to repeat past recommendations that the government toughen reactive chemical regulations .
A previous CSB study found that over a 20 - year - period , U.S. chemical companies had 167 serious reactive accidents , killing 108 workers and injuring hundreds more .
The T2 explosion shows these accidents continue to occur , CSB notes .
Since 2002 , the board has urged without success that EPA and the Occupational Safety & Health Administration expand their regulations to include reactive chemicals and mixtures .
Those recommendations remain open , Bresland notes .
" It will be years before an educational recommendation has any impact , " Michael J. Wright , United Steelworkers ' director of health , safety , and the environment , tells C&EN .
" The recommendation gives people working in and living around the plants little comfort .
The board needs a deeper analysis , and they did n't provide it . "
Revolt Over Fascist Police State Nightmare
PRESS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Policing
Libz Join Revolt Over Fascist Police State Nightmare
The Libertarianz Party accused Police Minister Collins of " Mugabe - worship " , following her push to end the right to remain silent , the presumption of innocence until proven guilty , and all private property rights in New Zealand .
" What Collins proposes is exactly what Marxist dictator Robert Mugabe has imposed on the unfortunate people of his wretched country , " said party leader Richard McGrath .
" Judith Collins is a ruthless and dangerous sociopath who John Key should dismiss forthwith .
If she has her way , no - one will be secure in their property and personal effects ; and the police will be able to compel New Zealanders to speak - presumably using torture or blackmail . "
" Government officials will be able to expropriate the assets of private citizens on the pretext of suspicion , not objective proof of wrongdoing . "
" The only things missing from this list of horrors is the confiscation of firearms and the complete removal of due process , thus permitting indefinite detention without charge and secret trials , but I would n't bet against it , " he added .
Dr McGrath appealed to MPs and the judiciary to consider the implications of the proposed laws .
" Please think of the enormous threat these changes would pose to innocent New Zealanders .
We are talking about an end to privacy itself , unlimited powers of search and seizure - in short , a New Zimbabwe in place of New Zealand . "
Libertarianz believes the powers of government agencies , including police , should be strictly limited and enumerated in a written Constitution based on protecting individual rights .
" My party shares the revulsion expressed by internet bloggers at the failure of the mainstream media to shoot down the Hitler - hugging totalitarianism of Judith Collins , who wants to crush not only cars but also the freedoms for which tens of millions gave their lives in the last World War . "
" If the Police Minister persists in her attempts to crush the liberties we cherish , she will get more than she bargained for . "
--
Libertarianz : More Freedom , Less Government
www.libertarianz.org.nz
ENDS
© Scoop Media
( CNN ) --
Two people were executed Tuesday in China for their part in a tainted milk scandal that killed at least six babies and sickened about 300,000 others , state - run media reported .
Zhang Yujun was executed for endangering public safety and Geng Jinping was executed for producing and selling toxic food , the Xinhua news agency said .
The tainted formula came to light in September 2008 , after several babies fell ill from drinking formula that contained melamine .
Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants .
Some Chinese dairy plants added the chemical to milk products so they would appear to have a higher protein level .
The tainted milk caused kidney stones and urinary tract problems in hundreds of thousands of children .
The 22 Chinese dairy producers that made the formula have offered compensation to victims ' families .
In all , 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal , Xinhua reported .
Among them , Zhang and Geng were sentenced to death , and most others received at least 15 years in prison .
Increase Client Satisfaction
Your clients will never again face the frustrations of being kept on hold , being constrained to call within business hours or waiting for call backs after leaving voice messages .
Timepicks appointment software allows you to create a positive experience for your clients by giving them the convenience of booking appointments with your business at anytime online 24/7 .
Attract New Clients
Online appointment software from timepicks provides the convenience for new clients to book appointments online and allows you to give your clients the instant gratification that compels them to do business with you .
The first engagement a client ever has with your business will be booking a first time appointment , having an available 24/7
Online scheduler is guaranteed to enable you to capture each and every opportunity and better leverage your online and offline marketing efforts providing increased bookings for your business .
from timepicks provides the convenience for new clients to book appointments online and allows you to give your clients the instant gratification that compels them to do business with you .
The first engagement a client ever has with your business will be booking a first time appointment , having an available 24 /7is guaranteed to enable you to capture each and every opportunity and better leverage your online and offline marketing efforts providing increased bookings for your business .
Save Time
online appointment software , your scheduling is handled for you automatically .
Free your time by reducing the volume of calls that come in simply to book appointments and eliminate the costly occurences of telephone tag causing lost opportunities for your business .
With our , your scheduling is handled for you automatically .
Free your time by reducing the volume of calls that come in simply to book appointments and eliminate the costly occurences of telephone tag causing lost opportunities for your business .
Minimize No Shows
Automated email reminders sent to clients before the appointment date will almost entirely eliminate any chances of appointments being forgotten .
Manage Clients With Ease
Access client contact information , upcoming appointments and appointment histories online from anywhere in the world .
People lie in their resumes all the time , but rarely does it become a battle between two universities and include accusations of a disrespect of culture and honor .
A Korean university sued
Yale after it mistakenly confirmed an art professor had earned a graduate degree at the Ivy League institution .
NYT : Dongguk University , a 103 - year - old Buddhist institution based in Seoul , has accused Yale of negligence and a cover - up after it mistakenly confirmed a Dongguk professor ’s claims of having a Ph.D. from Yale .
Robert A. Weiner , the lead lawyer for Dongguk , said Yale ’s response to the ensuing scandal added insult to the injury , and he denounced “ the cultural arrogance of not recognizing the harm you ’re doing in Korean culture . ”
Yale argues that while it had made mistakes , it did nothing that merited court action .
Read the entire NYT article , which has the background facts ( including information of the initial errant fax ) here .
The professor at the center of the scandal is Shin Jeong - ah , who the NYT said was a " rising star in the art world " when she was hired by Dongguk in 2005 .
But what may seem like a fairly small issue has grown into years long litigation -- the lawsuit was filed in 2008 asking for $ 50 million and accused Yale of defaming Dongguk , saying the Korean university " was publicly humiliated and deeply shamed in the eyes of the Korean population . ”
Settlement talks have broken down and Weiner , a partner at McDermott , Will & Emery , says newly filed documents will prove
Yale continued to lie after they knew of the mistake .
Yale returned fire -- “ [ W ]e think the jury will certainly consider the fact that the chairman of Dongguk ’s board was convicted of soliciting and receiving an illegal government subsidy from Ms. Shin ’s lover , who was an adviser to the Korean president , ” its representative said .
And while that exchange is not funny , the two sides are also not shying away from somewhat amusing jabs .
When a Yale grad and McDermott partner said Yale is not living up to its university seal , which touts " light and truth " in Latin , the Yale representative responded , " I have no idea what that means . "
At the very least it means that a lie on a C.V. has turned into a very ugly lawsuit .
Forensic tests are expected to formally identify the body
A Brazilian transsexual named in a sex scandal involving a former Italian politician is believed to have been killed in a fire in her Rome flat .
The media said a bottle of whisky was found near the body of the woman , known as Brenda .
There is no confirmation .
She was linked to the case of Lazio Governor Piero Marrazzo , who quit last month after a video emerged apparently showing him with a transsexual .
Brenda had denied having any relationship with the former governor .
On Friday , police said that forensic tests were expected to formally identify the remains found in Brenda 's basement flat .
Depressed
It was not immediately known if there were any signs of foul play .
Mr Marrazzo has admitted having encounters with transsexuals
Earlier this month , Brenda called police to report that she had been attacked and robbed in the street .
Brenda 's friends have also said that she recently told them she felt depressed and suicidal .
Brenda and another Brazilian transsexual , known as Natalie , were involved in the scandal that led to Mr Marrazzo 's resignation .
He was allegedly blackmailed by four Italian policemen , who had reportedly shot the compromising video .
All four have since been arrested .
Mr Marrazzo has admitted having encounters with transsexual prostitutes .
His lawyer , Luca Petrucci , said the " affair is taking a tragic and worrying turn " , Italy 's Ansa news agency reports .
The lawyer also called for police protection for Natalie .
The first mass - market plug - in hybrids roll into showrooms late next year , and a new study suggests they must be affordable if automakers expect them to sell .
The survey , released today by the University of Michigan , shows there is " widespread " consumer interest in the vehicles , but the potential purchase price plays a much bigger role in predicting the technology 's success than any environmental or economic benefits it may promise .
In other words , people will look at the bottom line .
And the bottom line is plug - in hybrids cannot cost significantly more than conventional automobiles if they are to succeed in the marketplace .
It seems intuitive , and we 've heard the argument before about electric vehicles .
But it takes on added importance because big automakers like General Motors , Ford and Toyota – and upstarts like Fisker Automotive – promise to deliver cars with cords beginning late next year .
It also could have public policy implications because President Obama wants to see one million plug - in cars by 2015 and the government already offers a $ 7,500 tax credit to those who buy them .
" The data provide strong evidence that a combination of economic and social incentives may be most effective in successfully introducing these vehicles , " said Richard Curtin , an economist and director of the Reuters / University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers .
The survey found almost half of respondents said they might buy a plug - in hybrid at some point .
But the figure dropped precipitously as the price of the car climbed .
What 's more , the survey found the environmental benefits of such vehicles plays a much smaller role in consumer attitudes than expected , suggesting there may need to be some serious public education about the technology 's advantages .
The study was released today at The Business of Plugging In , a plug - in hybrid and electric vehicle conference in Detroit .
Researchers surveyed " a nationally representative sample " of 2,513 adults between July and November 2008 .
Given no estimates of the potential cost and fuel saving estimate of the cars , 42 percent said there was " at least some chance " they would buy a plug - in hybrid " at some point in the future . "
The researchers then asked respondents to rate the likelihood they 'd buy such a vehicle if they assume they would save 75 percent in fuel costs compared to a conventional gasoline - powered automobile .
That 's where things got interesting .
With each successive doubling in the premium consumers might pay for a plug - in hybrid , the likelihood they 'd buy one fell 16 percentage points .
Forty - six percent said there was " some chance " they would buy such a car that cost $ 2,500 more than a conventional car .
That fell to 30 percent when the premium rose to $ 5,000 and to just 14 percent if a plug - in hybrid were to cost $ 10,000 more than a conventional car .
" Indeed , 56 percent of all consumers responded that there was no chance that they would purchase a PHEV at the top premium , " Curtin said .
" The proportion indicating a zero probability of purchase moves from one in four at $ 2,500 to one in three at $ 5,000 to more than one in two at an added cost of $ 10,000 . "
According to the Federal Trade Commission , the average new car sold in the United States costs $ 28,400 .
General Motors has n't said what the Chevrolet Volt will cost when it goes into production at the end of next year , but it is believed to be trying to keep the cost below $ 40,000 .
Toyota has n't said what the plug - in Prius might go for when it appears in 2012 , but the 2010 Prius starts at $ 22,400 .
Fisker Automotive is offering the super - luxe Karma at $ 89,900 and plans to introduce a more " affordable " plug - in hybrid sedan for $ 39,900 ( after the federal tax credit ) as early as 2012 .
Do n't look to early adopters to pick up the slack until the costs of the technology comes down .
" Those who said they were 100 percent certain they would buy a PHEV reached a high of just 10 percent for the lowest added cost and fell to just one percent at the highest added cost , " Curtin said .
As to why people would by a plug - in hybrid , half of the respondents said showing a commitment to the environment was " very important " to them .
Yet most people – 54 percent – said reducing our dependence on foreign oil was the single biggest advantage of the cars .
Not quite a third of them thought saving money on fuel was the main advantage , even though gasoline was going for an average of $ 4.28 a gallon when the survey was conducted .
Advocates of the technology often tout its environmental benefits through reduced emissions , specifically carbon dioxide .
Although 70 percent of our electricity is generated from fossil fuels , research by the Electric Power Research Institute and the National Resources Defense Council shows plug-ins and EVs could cut greenhouse gas emissions by more than 450 million metric tons annually by 2050 .
That ’s the equivalent of eliminating 82.5 million gasoline vehicles — about a third of the number currently on the road in America .
Yet just 15 percent of all consumers cited reduced emissions as the main advantage to plug - in hybrids , Curtin said .
" Consumer attitudes toward the environment are less compelling than economic criteria in explaining hybrid purchase probabilities , " he said .
" Presumably , if PHEVs are priced so that consumers can recoup their initial investments over a reasonable time period , consumers should find ample economic justification for their purchase .
The critical role of environmental and other non-economic attitudes may be to provide the initial burst of interest and sales to propel the appeal of PHEVs to the mass market . "
The survey also considered how demographic factors such as age , vehicle usage patterns and access to recharging opportunities might impact PHEV purchasing .
You can see the full report here .
Photo : A Prius plug - in hybrid prototype at the 2008 Sustainable Mobility Seminar in Portland , Oregon .
Toyota .
See Also :
The White House is , I suspect , coordinating this campaign to undercut the public option and make it go away .
It ’s a controversial campaign promise , and as we ’ve written before , President Obama generally does n’t like to keep controversial promises .
In this case , it seems the White House is finally doing something on health care reform , unfortunately what it ’s doing is undercutting its own promises and its own constituencies .
Remember , it was only two months ago that President Obama himself said that the public option was so necessary that he would n’t sign a bill that did n’t include it .
Today , the White House , and its Hill allies , are telling us that the public option was just an insignificant component of the bill that can easily be replaced with something else .
From everything I ’ve read , that ’s simply untrue .
It ’s no wonder the public option is having a difficult time getting votes in the Senate , the White House does n’t seem to be lobbying for it at all , and never did – which again , is odd , since the president devoted so much time to it in his address to Congress just a few days ago .
Unsere Online - Aktion „ Lobbyisten zur Transparenz verpflichten “ ist beendet .
Über 8600 Menschen haben den Appell unterschrieben – herzlichen Dank an alle Unterstützerinnen und Unterstützer !
Wenn
Sie unterschrieben , aber Ihre Unterschrift noch nicht bestätigt haben , können Sie dies über den per Mail versandten Bestätigungslink noch tun .
In den nächsten Wochen wollen wir die Unterschriften dann an den Bundestag übergeben und damit den Appell in den Bundestag tragen :
Sehr geehrte Abgeordnete im Bundestag ,
es ist höchste Zeit , Lobbyisten zu mehr Transparenz zu verpflichten .
Als Bürgerinnen und Bürger haben wir ein Recht zu wissen , wer in wessen Auftrag und mit wie viel Geld Einfluss auf die Politik nimmt .
Deshalb fordern wir Sie auf : Schaffen
Sie ein verpflichtendes Lobbyisten - Register , in dem Lobbyistinnen und Lobbyisten ihre Auftraggeber und Kunden , ihre Finanzquellen und Budgets sowie die Themen , Gesetzesvorhaben und Adressaten ihrer Lobbyarbeit offen legen müssen .
Das Register muss alle Lobbyisten erfassen , unabhängig davon , ob sie für Verbände , Unternehmen , Agenturen , Denkfabriken , NGOs oder Rechtsanwaltskanzleien arbeiten .
Nur verpflichtende Regeln schaffen Transparenz – handeln Sie jetzt !
Die Übergabe fand am 17 .
Dezember 2009 in Berlin statt .
Bericht und Fotos hier .
Editor 's note :
This article contains profanity that some may find offensive .
This is part one of a three part series showing different aspects of life inside Colombia 's drug gangs .
A gang member sniffs in a cloud of cocaine dust as he cuts the drug with other substances .
more photos »
MEDELLIN , Colombia ( CNN ) --
A young man with tattoos covering one arm rolls hundreds of marijuana joints in the half - light of a shack , perched on a hillside in a Medellin slum .
A 9 mm pistol and a .38 revolver lie on his work bench .
An old battery - powered radio blares out the salsa music classic , " Todo Tiene Su Final " or " Everything Comes To An End . "
" I 'm getting calluses on my tongue rolling all these spliffs , " he laughs , telling me has enough marijuana for about 1,000 joints .
He and his comrades plan to sell them for about 50 cents apiece .
A few doors away , two other gang members have raided their mother 's kitchen for soup plates , drinking glasses and a blender .
They 've just taken delivery of a kilogram ( 2.2 pound ) brick of pure cocaine .
Their job now is to cut it and package it in gram bags to peddle on street corners they control .
Watch as cocaine is cut »
A female gang member shows up with two more bags , one containing powdered caffeine and the other lidocaine , a dental anesthetic used to dilute the pure cocaine .
They mix business with pleasure .
Every now and again one of the gang members pulls off the top of the blender and breathes in a cloud of pulverized cocaine .
One of them coughs and keels over in the kitchen .
Seconds later , he 's back on his feet snorting cocaine off a spoon .
" Breathing that cocaine cloud mellows me out so I need a line to take me back up , " he says .
Standing in the background , snorting lines of pure cocaine off a pocketknife is the gang leader , a man in his mid-20s .
His cohorts call him " Chief . "
He tells me they 'll sell the heavily cut cocaine for $ 1.50 a gram .
Higher purity powder goes for about $ 4 a gram .
That 's much cheaper than the $ 50 or $ 60 a heavily cut gram costs on most U.S. and European streets , according to estimates from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration .
I agree to conceal Chief 's true identity to protect him from the police and rival gangs .
As we chat , he dismantles a small caliber pistol .
Watch the gangs in action »
" Around here the only law is the rules of the street , " he explains .
" The rules do n't change ; they always will be the rules , here or anywhere else . "
World 's Untold Stories CNN's Karl Penhaul investigates Colombia 's drug gangs .
1230 GMT , October 20 see full schedule »
A trusted source , who made the introduction for me , tells me Chief is a " total animal living on borrowed time , " who has earned so many enemies he cannot risk stepping outside the few hundred square yards of his home turf .
" I 'm only human , of course I get afraid , " he says .
" Afraid my life will end suddenly before I can do anything to get out of this war . "
Since the time when undisputed cocaine king Pablo Escobar held sway here , the " northeastern commune " district has forged a fearsome reputation as a recruiting ground for drug cartel hit men and violent gang wars .
Medellin is once again in the grip of a vicious drug war .
In January to September this year , city authorities say the murder rate has more than doubled with almost 2,000 killings .
Officials at the Medellin public prosecutor 's offices say the vast majority of victims were shot , likely victims of rival drug gangs and cocaine capos .
Watch marijuana joints being rolled by the hundreds »
That makes Medellin as dangerous as Ciudad Juarez , the frontier town dubbed Mexico 's most dangerous city as a result of the ongoing cartel war there .
Authorities in Juarez say killings are up from last year and are hitting record highs .
Colombian authorities estimate there are around 130 street gangs -- known as " combos " -- in Medellin , totaling some 6,000 members .
Their only real loyalty is to the money that drug capos dole out to hire a gang 's services .
Capos will supply them with drugs to retail on street corners and occasionally issue them weapons to take on rival gangs loyal to another crime boss .
Until earlier this year , Medellin 's drug underworld was ruled by the so - called " Office of Envigado , " named after a district of the Medellin metropolitan area .
The " office " was a syndicate of the top cocaine bosses who agreed on the basic rules of doing business in the area .
They shared smuggling routes and acted as the ultimate enforcers if cartel members reneged on deals or debts .
But the " office " has been ripped apart by infighting .
Some senior members were arrested , some of those already in jail were extradited and others cut cooperation deals with U.S. authorities .
That left the lower ranks fighting to fill the power vacuum .
It 's an internal battle that is still raging .
Watch how CNN's Karl Penhaul got unprecedented access to the gangs »
" The ones fueling this war are the ones from the other side .
They 've f***ed up Medellin , " Chief says .
" They 're from Medellin but they 're traitors . "
" They want to get control of all Medellin so they 're shooting up one gang then another .
They 're getting paid to fight .
These are wars between the big capos and we 're paying the price out here on the streets , " he adds .
Chief and his allies have stopped rivals intruding on their turf by strictly enforcing what they call " street rules . "
A day before our meeting , Chief says he helped bury one of his friends who had been gunned down when he ventured into the heart of Medellin with a girlfriend .
" I could n't even bear to take a look inside the coffin , " he began explaining .
" We do n't really know who did it .
But it was that crack head girlfriend who persuaded him to go down there .
So we killed the bitch .
" You see that 's street rules .
You have to answer for our friend and the only way you can do that is pay with your life , " he says .
Chief shies away from questions about which cartel boss is bankrolling his gang .
But clearly somebody has been supplying them with guns .
They pose with a Czech - made . 22 - caliber rifle and an assortment of semi-automatic pistols -- as well as the wholesale supply of drugs they then sell on the streets .
My conversation with Chief is interrupted when another gang member arrives at the improvised drug den .
He mumbles to his boss that a local man has been beating up his wife .
Chief authorizes his underling to go and thrash the accused man with a pool cue .
" I do n't think we need cameras for this one please , " he requests .
As I get ready to leave I have one last question for Chief : I want to know if he ever had any dreams .
" I 've tried to get out of this but it 's never quite worked out , " he says .
" I 'd like to sail away in a sailboat .
Alone and far away . "
This strip always amused us as it was the first strip the newspaper ever ran a footnote with .
A footnote for what , you may ask ?
To explain what temporal physics was .
In fact , it so baffled the staff ( with the apparent exception of the Editor - in - Chief ) that the footnote contained a web site that readers could visit to read up more on the subject .
Professor Hobo , educating young minds one scientific field at a time .
If Rick is supposed to be so dumb ( and he is n’t just supposed to be , he really is ) , then why does he instantly know what a temporal physics lab is when real college students do not ?
Was Rick just pretending he knew ?
Is he really not that dumb ?
Or was this whole incident a comment on Murray State ’s students ?
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is asking the operators of America 's 66 nuclear power plants to voluntarily upgrade the on - site monitoring systems that report plant conditions to the government .
That upgrade to the 16 - year - old Emergency Response Data System ?
Replacing telephone dial - up modems with VPN appliances .
" Licensees currently use analog modulator / demodulators ( modems ) to establish point - to - point data connections , " the NRC wrote in a memo ( .pdf ) to plant operators late last month .
" Although this technology was state of the art when ERDS was first implemented , it is now obsolete , and replacement equipment is no longer available . "
The NRC notes several advantages to doing away with dial - up .
For one , in a crisis all the plants could report data to the NRC's Maryland headquarters simultaneously , without the hassle of busy signals .
In addition , " The use of modems inherently introduces cyber security vulnerabilities to the systems to which they are attached . "
The ERDS ties into plant computer systems to give the NRC's 24 - hour Operations Center a " near real - time " view of plant conditions around the country , according to NRC regulations – including reactor core and coolant conditions , and radioactivity release rates .
As of May 1 , 2009 , operators of 19 plants had expressed interest in getting rid of their modems .
One hopes the other 47 will soon follow those early adopters .
Next year , I hear they 're getting cable .
Top image : The Trojan nuclear power plant , courtesy Oregon.gov .
Modem photo courtesy SecretLondon123 .
This morning on The View , the ladies took it upon themselves to untangle the Roman Polanski affair , because that 's their job .
In the process , we learned about Whoopi 's strange and fascinating moral universe , which includes the concept of " rape - rape . "
First : there probably are n't two people out there who have studied this case and agree exactly on what should happen to Roman Polanski , so let 's get that out of the way before this conversation spirals down the way it did on The View this morning .
There are certainly gray areas to be found here , even if they 're only concerning a biased judge .
But Whoopi Goldberg , in a condescending rant ostensibly about clarifying exactly what Roman Polanski was charged with ( as if that matters , when nobody is denying that he drugged and had sex with a child ) , can't seem to find them .
She seems obsessed with the actual charges to which Polanski pleaded guilty ( sex with a minor ) , and refers to the case as a " suit , " as if it 's a civil lawsuit about a roach in a box of french fries .
The other ladies try to get a word in edgewise while Whoopi distracts them with her crusade of literal legal language — could it be because Whoopi 's own daughter got pregnant at 15 ?
That fact , while seemingly salient ( especially when Whoopi says " Would I want my 14 - year - old daughter having sex ?
Not necessarily . " ) , is never mentioned .
So close , ladies !
Why did n't you jump on her then ?
Then it 's time for Whoopi to take us into her fantastical moral universe where there 's something called " rape - rape , " and where it seems perfectly reasonable to her that a man facing jail charges for a crime to which he pleaded guilty would simply leave the country to avoid them .
You know it 's a good episode of The View when Sherri Shepherd makes the most sense :
Whoopi : " I know it was n't rape - rape .
It was something else but I do n't believe it was rape - rape .
He went to jail and and when they let him out he was like " You know what this guy 's going to give me a hundred years in jail I 'm not staying , so that 's why he left . "
Advertisement
Oh yes , of course .
Duh .
Case closed .
What is worrisome about Whoopi 's argument is that she refuses to call a 43 year old man having sex with an unconscious 13 year old girl " rape " .
She may have personal , possibly guilty - parent reasons for not accepting this , but as tangled up as this case is , the fact that it was rape is one of the least controversial things about it .
Roman Polanski admitted to drugging and having sex with a child , and in the country in which he did it , that is rape .
( Though nice try Whoopi with the " Europeans have sex with children all the time ! " argument , or whatever that was . )
Advertisement
It 's noble of Whoopi to try to clarify the facts before arguing about a case ( her line : " I do n't like when we 're passionate about something and we do n't have all the facts " should be blown up to poster size and placed in front of the ladies for the duration of every show ) , but a plea agreement is n't necessarily , and often bears no resemblance to , what really happened .
People who kill people while drunk driving often cop a plea of manslaughter , when everyone knows it 's murder , and Roman Polanski pleaded guilty to a lesser charge than child rape , but it was child rape .
But I will say something about Whoopi Goldberg and the entire discussion on The View today : none of the ladies tried to justify Polanski's actions with the " defense " that he 's a genius artist who made groundbreaking movies and should therefore be immune to punishment .
Because make no mistake : those people are flat - out saying they would refuse to give up a few good movies to prevent the rape of a child .
Whoopi may have been wrong today , but at least she was n't that wrong .
Tasty bud , cool babes and a cause you can believe in :
Now that 's a movement , people .
And you can join up this Saturday at 24th Street and Camelback where Phoenix NORML ( National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ) will be rallying locally as part of a worldwide demonstration on behalf of Canadian cannabis guru Marc Emery , the so - called " Prince of Pot . "
Emery , the publisher of Cannabis Culture magazine was busted in 2005 by Canadian cops and the U.S. DEA for selling marijuana seeds via the Internet .
Though he fought extradition to the U.S. tooth and nail , he 's now staring down the barrel at a possible five years in the slammer at an upcoming Seattle , Washington court date .
Compare that to the month in the pokey Emery might have gotten if he'd been tried in Canada .
The conviction is political .
The U.S. government has admitted to targeting Emery because of his influence as a proponent of and financial supporter for marijuana legalization efforts .
Makes you wonder what good it is being Canadian if Uncle Sam can still come mess with you if they do n't cotton to the message you 're peddling .
( Or the seeds you 're sowing . )
Phoenix NORML is also collecting signatures to put a medical marijuana initiative on the 2010 ballot .
And they 've created this calendar of " The Girls of Phoenix NORML , " featuring local , ganja - loving gals getting blazed while occasionally going sans top .
This genius concept is ( was ? ) aimed at raising funds for a hemp festival locally .
I tried calling Phoenix NORML to find out how much the calendar costs and where you can purchase it , but so far , no callbacks .
They must all be out smoking dope somewhere .
Maybe they 've sold out of calendars .
Even so , you can still check out the Mary Jane pin-ups on Phoenix NORML 's Facebook site , here , as long as you 're signed up for Facebook .
On Saturday , the get - down gets down at 4:20 p.m. ( of course ) .
For more info , check out the info on Phoenix NORML 's Web site .
( There 's also a regular Phoenix NORML meeting at Steele Indian School Park earlier in the day . )
Tie -dyes , dreadlocks and patchouli oil are optional .
But everyone 's responsible for bringing their own jug of water and Funyuns .
Editor ’s note :
When we read Sasha Frere - Jones ‘ recent piece on the death of hip - hop , we did n’t have a witty comeback .
What we did have was one name on the brain : Das Racist .
A favorite here at Flavorpill HQ thanks to their single “ Combination Pizza Hut and Taco Bell , ” the Brooklyn - based rap duo is one of the more exciting new acts on the scene .
And as the New York Times recently said , “ Das Racist ’s lack of piety has become an aesthetic of its own , with songs that are as much commentary on hip - hop as rigorous practice of it . ”
OK .
We ’ll turn it over to them now .
Victor Vazquez : Flavorpill asked our publicist to ask us to write a rebuttal to Sasha Frere - Jones ’ recent article Wrapping Up about the death of hip - hop , maybe because we were once called “ the death of hip - hop ” by a white guy who ’s only rap album on his 2008 Best Albums was white rapper
Why ?’s album Alopecia .
This is the year Carter 3 came out .
I wish I could remember this guy ’s name but Spinner.com freaked out and took down the article after receiving numerous comments complaining about how the reviewer could not tell the difference between the three brown people in our band .
ANYWAY …
Sasha Frere - Jones first came to my attention a couple years ago when a friend of mine emailed a link to one of his articles , A Paler Shade of White , in which he bemoans the lack of black influence and “ swing ” in the music of Arcade Fire .
The article was filled with vague and contradictory ideas of what “ black ” and “ white ” musical tropes were and I definitely “ went in ” hella hard in an email that I just posted on gordongartrelle .
blogspot.com for reference .
I guess I was n’t alone in my reaction ; according to Wikipedia , the New Yorker received more mail about that article than it had for any single article it had published in the preceding eleven years .
At this point , I ’m kind of over the idea of “ going in ” on the dude ( pause ) and I have to say I probably would n’t be wasting my time writing this if I did n’t think it would be a good publicity look for my band …
BUT :
Sasha Frere - Jones opens his article by admitting that “ weighing in early on what academics call ‘ periodization ’ is a dicey proposition , ” as a nominal caveat before launching into doing just that .
This is a rhetorical approach that he ’s used before ( namely in “ Whiter Shade of Pale ” ) and is basically just another flavor of the age old “ Now , I do n’t mean to be racist but [ insert something racist here ] ” Kool - Aid .
SFJ is savvy enough to know that before pulling a “ white man speaks authoritatively on black culture ” move , he needs to first establish an acceptable precedent for his argument by locating it in the ideology of a credible black artist ( in this case Nas ’s 2006 album Hip Hop is Dead ) .
But notice how SFJ then immediately undermines that credibility : while he could just say “ Nas called it three years ago , ” he instead claims that while Nas ’s sentiment was correct , the proclamation was three years premature , as if to say “ Nice try , Nas , but leave it to the professional ( white , college - educated ) music journalist to make sweeping statements about ( black , ghetto - originated ) music . ”
Before a handful of ( white ) internet commenters wild on me saying “ Sasha Frere - Jones is not a racist , ” let me clarify that I ’m not saying he ’s consciously and intentionally trying to assert his superiority .
I ’m just trying to point out that his language is typical of that ( white ) journalistic voice which presupposes the ( white ) journalist ’s authority .
Perhaps it ’s first worth examining further why “ periodization ” is such a “ dicey proposition ” to begin with , regardless of how early or late .
Concepts like “ periods ” and even “ genre ” are loose collections of tropes that have no inherent meaning but rather contextual meanings that are only useful to the extent to which they can help organize texts .
The point at which they actually serve to define texts is when they can enter a lens of scrutiny so intense as to render them meaningless .
In the article , SFJ describes Jay - Z and Kanye ’s new work and the work of Kid Cudi as “ hip - hop by virtue of rapping more than sound , ” describing the “ sound ” as mostly “ blues - based swing ” ( a term he also uses in A Paler Shade of White ) as opposed to the “ four - on - the - floor thump ” or “ European pulse , simpler and faster and more explicitly designed for clubs ” that is “ replacing ” that swing .
But even ignoring the fact that “ rapping ” is technically a “ sound ” ( arguably the single defining “ sound ” of the genre , and even that is not entirely true , considering sing - rapping like Bone Thugz N’ Harmony et al. ) and that music “ explicitly designed for clubs ” seems hardly antithetical to rap ( or hip - hop or whatever you want to call it ) , what seems even more contradictory is that SFJ himself admits that rap is “ a spinoff from New York City ’s early disco culture ” which is not only almost definitively about “ four - on - the - floor thump ” but itself shares roots with black American soul and funk .
And actual “ swing ” vs. “ thump ” argument aside , European dance music is nothing new to rap .
In perhaps the most obvious example of this , Kraftwerk , the quintessential German techno band , has been sampled by everyone from Afrika Bambaataa to Jay - Z. Sampling has helped make rap ’s “ sound ” not only diverse but literally referential in a way that serves to weaken the notion of genre as even a relevant question and make a lot of questions about origin and period seem fairly moot .
All this is to say nothing of where Dancehall , Reggaeton , and Bhangra fit into all of this as other types of electronic music that are not European but that inform and are informed by “ hip - hop ” and further complicate its status as a genre .
The more you look at the idea of genre as a collection of tropes , the less there seem to be any one single trope that holds sway over the rest .
From the griots to the dozens to the beats to Sun Ra ’s “ Nuclear War ” to The Last Poets to Bob Dylan to the Modern Lovers to Yellowman to the Red Hot Chili Pepper ’s “ Give It Away Now , ” to the Butthole Surfer ’s “ Pepper , ” to Vybz Kartel … these are all arguably rap depending on how you how one chooses one ’s criteria .
Rap ( nor anything else ) needs not necessarily be viewed in terms of origins or boundaries , births or deaths .
Genre is a construction whose analytical use is primarily economic in nature .
The study of genre is largely the study of marketing .
Kanye and Jay - Z made popular rap albums in a solid and relatively inarguable hip - hop tradition a few years back and now they are experimenting more .
It seems they did n’t “ relinquish the controls , ” ( whatever that means ) so much as they just decided to make weird , experimental , explicitly genre - bending albums ( which is n’t necessarily a surprising or new thing in rap —
Andre 3000 , Q - Tip , and Common made similar moves with varying degrees of success years ago ) and these weird , experimental , explicitly genre - bending albums made a lot of money and seem to be pretty popular with the kids .
MIA is another good example of this .
You could say these types of albums help to change the game in rap as its commonly understood as a genre and across the board musically as well , yeah , but whether or not any of these releases could signal the end of an era seems like a pointless question .
SFJ pulls another “ nominal caveat coupled with immediate negation of that same sentiment ” number when he says that the “ criminal life that Raekwon raps about may be irrelevant to [ Freddie Gibbs ’ ] gift ” but then still apparently finds it worth discussing .
It bespeaks a seemingly romantic desire on SFJ ’s to part to conflate street cred and musical purity , or at least furthers a relatively narrow conception of “ real hip - hop . ”
Freddie Gibbs is hellof good at rapping , yes , but SFJ ’s appreciation of Gibbs ’ album - oriented work versus mixtapes using other people ’s beats , his “ quick ” and “ clean ” delivery , his lack of “ sentimentality or exaggeration ” and his refraining from “ bloated expansion and leveraging of fantasies , ” and “ a love of accumulation ” bespeaks a narrow set of expectations of what rap should be that does n’t seem to be willing to accept what it often is and rings of the same old romantic , rockist - cum - hip - hop - “ purist , ” “ What ’s up with all that Bling - Bling , am I right ? ” party line echoed by old ( often white ) music journalists .
Rapping on other people ’s beats does n’t have to be seen as less valid art , it can be seen as part of the tradition .
Interstitial material , skits and even songs that are obviously recorded as filler do not have to be seen as less valid art but can be seen as part of the tradition ( often enough , “ filler ” and skits contain truly avant - garde and surreal moments ) .
The rampant materialism , and explicit consumption present in the lyrics and imagery of a lot of rap , as problematic as it can be , is a complicated issue that goes beyond the music , and is not so simple as to be solved with a stern fatherly rebuke or even a championing of more humble rap .
I could go on , but I ’ll just leave the rest to Himanshu Suri , who has prepared 24 haikus in rebuttal …
1 Hip - hop dies each year .
How many lives hip - hop got ?
Is hip - hop a cat ?
2 This ai n’t reverting back to your mom ’s disco dog .
Technology .
3 Elder statesmen !
Dads !
Turn down that autotune , son !
Your jeans are skinny !
4 “ Improbably weird ? ”
Only if you ’re looking in from the outside though .
5 Nah Right never called hip - hop “ improbably weird ” .
Thanks so much , Nah Right .
6 Jay -z ’s Blueprint 3
Is just as weird as Weezy .
“ Hater ” is real weird !
7 Where near Jay ’s old hood does Sasha Frere Jones reside ?
He cough up a lung ?
8 Do n’t disagree with every thing he said but why so alarmist ?!?!
9 Gucci just dropped four mixtapes .
Sounds like hip - hop is alive and kicking .
10 Are you suggesting there are no new ideas left to rap about ?
11 Freddie Gibbs is dope but so is Young Dro and like ten other rappers .
12 Has rock been dead for ages since it too builds on older ideas ?
13 Rock seems alive to me .
I saw a great band play last night at Glasslands .
14 Stop trying to kill rap .
Matter of fact please let it rock .
Go away .
15 8 Yahoo !
answer pages all dedicated to the death of rap ?
16 Timekeeper of pop ?
Who made you the time keeper of hip - hop , New Yorker ?
17 This is how I feel when Anon. commenters talk rap on BK Veegz .
18 Do n’t like when Pitchfork claims authority on rap .
Do n’t like when you do .
19 Leave hip - hop alone .
What is this article ’ bout ?
Define hip - hop please .
20 You ’re great grandfather was Edgar Wallace .
Mine was some broke brown subject .
21 Why did I think you were biracial for so long ?
Writer payola ?
22 Hip - hop is not dead .
Polka is dead .
It died and is not coming back .
23 Electro-rap and Africa Bambaataa ’s not that different man .
24 Bambaataa sampled Kraftwerk and that was back in 1982 !!!
Main photo : Jackie Roman
Photos showing prisoner abuse in Iraq caused a major scandal in 2004
The US Defence Secretary Robert Gates has blocked the publication of further images of US soldiers abusing foreign detainees .
The US administration filed a request with the Supreme Court late on Friday preventing the release of the photos .
The order refers to some 40 images , including some of prisoners being abused in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Last month , Congress gave Mr Gates new powers to prevent their release under a law signed by the US president .
A Pentagon spokesman said that the order covers images related to investigations into allegations of abuse carried out outside the US between 11 September 2001 and 22 January 2009 .
Accountability
He suggested that releasing the pictures would put US soldiers at risk .
" Public disclosure of these photographs would endanger citizens of the US , members of the US armed forces , or employees of the US government deployed outside the US , " Mr Gates said in the order filed with the court .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) had sued for the release of 21 of the images .
The group says it will continue to press for the release of the images , arguing they represent " an important part of the historical record " .
" They are critical to the ongoing national conversation about accountability for torture , " ACLU 's director Jameel Jaffer said .
Initially , Mr Obama had suggested that he would not attempt to block the release of the photographs but he reversed this decision in May .
He said then that the release of such images would be " of no benefit " and might inflame opinion against the US .
Yahoo Inc. is jumping on the Twitter bandwagon in its latest attempt to get people to use its Internet search engine more frequently .
Beginning Thursday , Yahoo will mine the short messages posted on Twitter to find fresher information about hot topics .
Microsoft Corp. and Google Inc. had earlier announced plans to incorporate Twitter messages into search results , but Yahoo said it will be the first among them to include such “ tweets ” on its main search results .
The addition comes at a pivotal time for Yahoo .
The company , based in Sunnyvale , Calif. , is bogged down in a three - year financial slump partly because it has losing ground in the lucrative Internet search market to Google and , to a lesser extent , Microsoft .
The Twitter twist is the latest sign of Yahoo ’s resolve to spice up its search results even as it prepares to lean on Microsoft for most of the technology powering its search engine .
That transition is scheduled to begin next year .
Microsoft so far is listing Twitter results in a special section of its search engine , Bing .
Google , the Internet ’s search leader , also plans to include Twitter ’s chatter in its search results , but has yet to say when that change will occur or how it will do it .
Yahoo is relying on Twitter to highlight the latest news about specific subjects .
When a user enters a search request tied to breaking news , Yahoo will top the results page with four tabs — one for direct links to news sites , one for photos , one for video and one dedicated to Twitter .
Clicking on a Twitter tab will show news links posted by Twitter users .
Some of the links will be drawn from Twitter accounts set up by the news media , such as CNN and The Associated Press , while others will be pulled from people pointing out a story they find interesting .
Yahoo is relying on its own algorithms to identify the tweets containing the most relevant information .
Twitter ’s own search engine , by contrast , shows results in chronological order and does n’t focus exclusively on posts containing news links .
This probably wo n’t be Yahoo ’s only foray into “ real - time ” search — a term used for indexes consisting of the freshest information posted on the Web .
Yahoo also is experimenting with data from several other real - time search services , such as OneRiot .
Twitter is n’t being paid any money for access to its posts because Yahoo is relying on free tools to get them , said Larry Cornett , Yahoo ’s vice president of consumer products .
Microsoft and Google have n’t said how much they are paying Twitter in their respective deals .
Twitter , based in San Francisco , has generated little revenue since its 2006 inception , yet private investors recently estimated the startup ’s market value at about $ 1 billion .
The lofty appraisal stems from Twitter ’s rapid growth .
Nearly 60 million people worldwide now use the service to share their thoughts in 140 characters or less , according to comScore Inc .
At the end of last year , 4 million people were regularly using Twitter .
As its reach has extended , Twitter has turned into a prized resource for search engines trying to monitor what people are talking about .
Other Internet companies such as LinkedIn Corp. are latching on to Twitter in other ways .
LinkedIn , which runs a Web site for business networking , recently began letting users to simultaneously update their posts on Twitter and LinkedIn .
Although its
Web site remains among the most visited on the Internet , Yahoo has been hurt by more trendy hangouts such as Facebook that are luring away Web surfers and advertisers .
Yahoo also has been struggling in Internet search .
Its engine remains the Web ’s second most popular behind Google ’s , but its share has been shrinking for years and now it appears some users may be defecting to Bing , which Microsoft has been promoting heavily since its June debut .
Editors ' Recommendations
Massachusetts man fired from corporation over Christian belief in traditional marriage
" Same - sex marriage is the law " he was told
POSTED : October 30 , 2009
A Massachusetts man was fired from a national retail corporation because of his traditional beliefs on same - sex marriage .
Peter Vadala was formally dismissed from his job as second deputy manager of the Brookstone store at Boston ’s Logan Airport on August 12 , 2009 , after a supervisor reported him to Human Resources regarding an incident two days earlier .
As Peter described the incident ( see video above ) , he came to work on August 10 and began his day normally .
A female manager from another store was in the store and began talking to Peter about her upcoming marriage .
When Peter asked “ where is he taking you for the honeymoon , ” she corrected him and said she was not getting married to " he " but to another woman .
Peter did not immediately react , but when the manager sensed Peter ’s discomfort with the subject of same - sex “ marriage ” , the woman apparently continued bringing it up to Peter throughout the day , reiterating that she was getting married to another woman .
Finally , after the fourth or fifth time she brought it up , Peter remarked that his Christian beliefs did not accept same - sex marriage .
At that point the woman became very angry and bluntly told Peter that he needed to “ get over it ” and said that she would be immediately contacting the Human Resources department .
A few hours later Peter was notified by a Human Resources representative that he was suspended from work without pay , effective immediately .
Two days later , on August 12 , after some further interaction with the Human Resources department , he was formally notified that he was terminated from the company .
Brookstone ’s termination letter to Peter states that “ in the State of Massachusetts , same - sex marriage is legal . ”
It goes on to describe Peter ’s actions as constituting “ harassment ” and that his comments were “ inappropriate and unprofessional . ”
It further accuses him of “ imposing ” his beliefs upon others .
In addition , the letter curiously quotes another employee who did not witness the incident , but who says Peter told her that he considers homosexual lifestyle to be “ deviant ” .
Peter strongly denies ever having said that to that to the other employee .
READ : Letter of termination to Peter from Brookstone
It would certainly appear that if there ever was a case of harassment ( and retaliation ) it is what happened to Peter , not anything Peter did !
Fired .
Peter Vadala stands outside his former place of employment -- Brookstone store in Logan Airport -- holding letter of termination .
Peter also described one of Brookstone ’s required diversity training films ( see video above ) that gave the clear message that even any informal discussion uncomplimentary of homosexual behavior would be considered “ offensive ” by the company .
Boston TV coverage .
WHDH Channel 7 reported the Peter Vadala incident , aired on 11 pm news
11/9/2009 .
FoxNews.com report : " Massachusetts Man Says He Was Fired for Telling Colleague Her Gay Marriage Is Wrong "
A chilling example of what can happen to anyone
We 've all feared it was only a matter of time before this started happening .
Luckily , Peter has since found another job in the retail field .
But could this happen to you ?
This is a chilling example of the ultimate consequences of imposing the concept of same - sex " marriage " through force of law .
We 've certainly seen it coming .
What happened to Peter is actually what was intended by the homosexual movement .
It 's about making people accept what they normally would not accept and punishing those who resist .
And when these laws are in place , they pursue it with as much force as they feel necessary .
It is with words as with sunbeams .
The more they are condensed , the deeper they burn .
~ Robert Southey
Emails , to some of us , are like a plague .
They spread rapidly , infect you until you ’re covered in sores and ca n’t do anything useful , and ultimately fill the streets with corpses .
OK , maybe emails are n’t exactly like the plague .
But they can take up your entire day if you let them .
Enter the art of brevity .
Master the art of writing concise emails , and you communicate essential information without taking up much time – yours or the recipients ’ time .
You also encourage the responder to be brief , with your own brevity .
And by eliminating chatter , you also become a better writer .
Some tips for writing brief emails :
Skip the subject line .
Controversial , as many people believe the subject line is key for someone scanning their inbox .
Personally , I look at the sender to determine if I ’m going to read the email , and I can usually read the 1st line in Gmail , just from the inbox .
So the subject line become irrelevant .
Just skip straight to the message and forget meta data .
The content is the meta data .
If the recipient knows you , he ’ll open the email .
Note : this is actually considered rude by some , so be aware of your recipient ’s expectations .
With friends , family and close coworkers , skipping the subject line is fine .
With more formal emails , you ’ll want a subject line , and you might not follow every single one of the following rules .
. Controversial , as many people believe the subject line is key for someone scanning their inbox .
Personally , I look at the sender to determine if I ’m going to read the email , and I can usually read the 1st line in Gmail , just from the inbox .
So the subject line become irrelevant .
Just skip straight to the message and forget meta data .
The content is the meta data .
If the recipient knows you , he ’ll open the email .
Note : this is actually considered rude by some , so be aware of your recipient ’s expectations .
With friends , family and close coworkers , skipping the subject line is fine .
With more formal emails , you ’ll want a subject line , and you might not follow every single one of the following rules .
Keep it to a few sentences .
I ’ve long been an advocate of the 5 sentences rule and in fact , if you can keep it to 2 - 3 sentences , that ’s even better .
Setting a limit forces you to keep it brief – just like a haiku .
I ’ve long been an advocate of the 5 sentences rule and in fact , if you can keep it to 2 - 3 sentences , that ’s even better .
Setting a limit forces you to keep it brief – just like a haiku .
Skip the greeting .
Sure , polite etiquette dictates you have a greeting .
But mostly we email friends or coworkers or family , and really , do they care about your greeting ?
Their time is valuable .
Dive into the message .
Sure , polite etiquette dictates you have a greeting .
But mostly we email friends or coworkers or family , and really , do they care about your greeting ?
Their time is valuable .
Dive into the message .
Skip the sig .
I hate long signatures , especially for someone who I talk to regularly .
I already know all your info – why keep sending it ?
Just sign off , as briefly as possible .
My sig is usually : - leo , but if I really know the person I ’ll skip that as well .
I hate long signatures , especially for someone who I talk to regularly .
I already know all your info – why keep sending it ?
Just sign off , as briefly as possible .
My sig is usually : - leo , but if I really know the person I ’ll skip that as well .
Narrow the topic .
If you find yourself needing to write long emails , it ’s usually because you ’re trying to talk about too many things .
This tends to lead to problems – the recipient might skip over certain parts , for example .
Stick to one topic for now , and get to the point .
If you find yourself needing to write long emails , it ’s usually because you ’re trying to talk about too many things .
This tends to lead to problems – the recipient might skip over certain parts , for example .
Stick to one topic for now , and get to the point .
Edit .
I know , you want to write it and send it and forget it .
Well , that ’s rude , to the recipient .
You ’re saying they do n’t deserve a good email .
I ’m not saying you need to spend hours making every email perfect , but if you can take 10 seconds to go back over an email , remove unnecessary sentences and words , you ’ll be doing your recipient ( and yourself ) a favor .
I know , you want to write it and send it and forget it .
Well , that ’s rude , to the recipient .
You ’re saying they do n’t deserve a good email .
I ’m not saying you need to spend hours making every email perfect , but if you can take 10 seconds to go back over an email , remove unnecessary sentences and words , you ’ll be doing your recipient ( and yourself ) a favor .
Consider not sending .
Sometimes , an email is unnecessary .
Before sending , or even before writing , consider whether they really need a “ thank you ” or “ got it ” or other such message .
Sometimes it ’s fine , but if the person sends you a “ got it ’ email , do you need to reply back “ thank you ” ?
Just move on .
If you know people who need to read this post , please email it to them .
Briefly .
When I was in high school , I taught myself to use Corel Draw by copying logos such as Crest Toothpaste and Frito Lay Corn Chips .
I printed out phony corporate letterhead , and dreamed up interesting ways to use it .
Fast forward to 2003 .
On a trip to TGI Fridays with Ken and May , I noticed that the TGI Fridays menu pages were paper , protected from spills behind a sheet of plastic .
The menu was already chock full of zany menu descriptions , but I would n't let that get in my way .
I decided to make a new menu page .
Like many project ideas , this one got put onto the Cockerham back burner for several months .
Eventually , my interest was rekindled .
It was the TGI Friday 's new Atkins - friendly low - carb menu that got my attention .
This baby was aching to be ridiculed .
The first thing to do was to recruit some friends for help .
I created a secret project introduction page at www.cockeyed.com/spirit, asking readers of cockeyed .com to help with the plan .
The next task was to create the new menu page .
After obtaining a high - quality scan of the one - page Atkins menu , I began planning changes .
I determined the appropriate font , and began writing new item descriptions .
I wanted to replace one of the meal photos with one of my own creation , the Bacon Churner which is simply two sticks of butter with bacon .
I flexed my food - photography skills and prepared this low - carb masterpiece for the camera .
Raw bacon wrapped the butter really well , but the raw bacon did n't have the color I was looking for .
I decided to use cooked slices .
These looked better , but I could n't wrap them around the sticks of butter very well .
I had to settle for a blanket of bacon with crumbled bits of bacon on top .
I made eight modifications to the menu :
" Atkins " became " Atkinz " .
This made the menu look like an unlicensed knock - off of the Atkins plan .
Buffalo
Wings stayed on the menu , but I changed the description to read , " Buffalo wings with bleu cheese dressing and celery sticks .
So delicious , you 'll want to throw up and eat it again . "
The description for Sizzling NY Strip with Bleu Cheese became : " Notice how we call it a strip instead of a steak ?
After one bite , you 'll be shoving five dollar bills into its G - String .
And licking your fingers .
