It 's not surprising that there 's an overlap between liberal values and journalistic values -- at least as journalists and progressives like to perceive themselves , as rational thinkers and as questioners of authority .
But the reality is that at the more visible levels of the media -- inside the Beltway .
on cable TV and in the national papers and newsweeklies -- the practitioners of journalism are not so much questioners of authority , that they have a lot on common with the other elites they 're supposedly practicing on .
Ireland had its top credit rating removed by Standard & Poors , which cited the country 's deteriorating finances .
The rating was lowered one step to AA + from AAA with a " negative outlook , " S&aP said in a statement today from London .
Ireland received the top rating in October 2001 .
The deterioration of Ireland 's public finances will likely require a number of years of sustained effort to repair , on a scale greater than factored into the government 's current plans , Trevor Cullinan and Frank Gill , analysts at S&P in London , wrote in a report today .
Fine Gael 's spokesman on finance Richard Bruton said the news was further evidence of the Government ’s " appalling handling " of the economic crisis .
“ This is bad news for Ireland at a very bad time .
Standard & Poor ’s decision to downgrade Ireland ’s credit rating will make it even harder for the economy to recover .
Yet the need for a credible strategy to get the country out of this mess has never been greater , " he said .
" Borrowing just became more expensive , and the Government will have to dig even deeper to balance the books next week . "
Mr Bruton described it as " startling " that Ireland was one of the first economies to be downgraded by S&P .
" The economy has fallen a very long way from boom to bust under Fianna Fáil ’s stewardship .
But the downgrading is a very clear indication of the lack of international confidence in this Government ’s ability to get us out of this crisis and restore Ireland to growth , " he said .
Mr Bruton called for th Government to bring " radical reform " to the public sector and impose what he described as a " bold agenda of reform " for the public services .
Euro-region governments are increasing borrowing to bolster ailing economies and bail out banks reeling amid the fallout from the global credit crisis .
S&P lowered the ratings of Spain , Portugal and Greece in January .
The European Commission forecast in January that Ireland 's budget deficit may widen to 11 per cent of gross domestic product this year , almost four times the European Union 's approved limit .
Bloomberg
PRINCETON , NJ -- A new Gallup Poll finds 48 % of Americans saying the amount of federal income taxes they pay is " about right , " with 46 % saying " too high " -- one of the most positive assessments Gallup has measured since 1956 .
Typically , a majority of Americans say their taxes are too high , and relatively few say their taxes are too low .
These results are based on the Gallup Economy and Personal Finance poll , conducted each April , including April 6 - 9 of this year .
Since 1956 , there has been only one other time when a higher percentage of Americans said their taxes were about right -- in 2003 , when 50 % did so after two rounds of tax cuts under the Bush administration .
The slightly more positive view this year may reflect a public response to President Barack Obama 's economic stimulus and budget plans .
He has promised not to raise taxes on Americans making less than $ 250,000 , while cutting taxes for lower - and middle - income Americans .
The latter has already begun , as the government has reduced the withholding amount for federal income taxes from middle - and lower - income American workers ' paychecks .
In this year 's poll , slim majorities of both lower - and middle - income Americans say they pay about the right amount of taxes , while upper - income Americans tend to think they pay too much .
The views of upper - income Americans have not changed in the past year , while both middle - and lower - income Americans are more likely to say they pay the right amount of tax .
As is usually the case , there are partisan differences in views of taxes -- most Democrats think the taxes they pay are about right , while most Republicans say their taxes are too high .
Independents are about evenly divided .
Compared with last year , each group is slightly more likely to say its taxes are about right .
Six in 10 Continue to Say Taxes are Fair
The poll also finds 61 % of Americans saying they regard the income taxes they have to pay this year as fair .
There has been very little change on this measure in the last six years .
Generally speaking , Americans seem to take a more positive view of their taxes when the country is at war .
From 1997 through 2001 , the percentage saying their taxes were fair ranged from 45 % to 51 % .
In early 2002 , after the United States had begun military operations in Afghanistan in response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks , 58 % said their taxes were fair .
After the Iraq war began in 2003 , the percentage increased to 64 % , and it has been above 60 % ever since .
Going back even further , Gallup asked the same question in the 1940s .
While the country was still fighting World War II , 85 % or more of Americans said the taxes they paid were fair .
The first postwar measurement , in 1946 , saw this percentage tumble to 62 % .
Implications
As the remaining U.S. tax filers prepare to send their income - tax returns before the April 15 deadline , Gallup finds Americans ' views of their federal income taxes about as positive as at any point in the last 60 years .
This may reflect the income - tax cut that was part of the $ 787 billion economic stimulus plan , as well as a continuing sense of patriotism with the country fighting two wars .
Obama has promised not to raise taxes on all but the wealthiest Americans .
There are concerns that his proposed budget relies too much on borrowed money , and the president may be forced to raise taxes on a greater percentage of Americans , or to scale back his plans to reform the healthcare system and invest in education and alternative energy .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,027 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted April 6 - 9 , 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
It looks like you 're using Internet Explorer .
Might werecommend another browser , such as Firefox or Safari
Post - Debate Recap
Last night more than 300 people came out to see Dan Waugh and Dan Barker debate the Indiana Atheist Bus Campaign ’s ad “ You Can Be Good Without God ” .
Both respected men were in excellent form and exemplified civility .
We at the Bus Campaign could not be more pleased with the debate .
One of our key goals in forming INABC was to promote discussion amongst people who normally do not talk to each other due to disagreement .
We wanted to encourage critical thinking on the reasons behind faith or lack thereof .
Both of these goals ultimately create more understanding between theists and nontheists in our community .
Dan Waugh and Dan Barker not only fulfilled our goals but did so in a very respectful manner .
We want people to feel comfortable discussing sensitive , controversial topics like religion .
Oftentimes people are fearful to express their opinions or do not want to offend someone else .
However , as both Waugh and Barker showed us last night , we can break down these barriers in a way that is not inflammatory or disrespectful .
We can discuss religion critically whether we believe or do not believe in God .
While audience members may not have agreed with the speakers , this debate gave people the opportunity to hear well thought out arguments that may have been contradictory to the ones they held when they walked in .
Events like this should happen more often !
With these debates we can enter an age where critical discussion of religion is met with no hesitation , no fear .
With your help , we can make strides towards a world where any idea can enter into a fair and balanced discussion where neither side feels the need to hold back .
Our work is not done .
There are so many cities that have not seen our message !
So many more topics that have yet to be debated !
Your gift is not just a donation ; it is an investment into a society of free minds , good hearts , and loud voices .
Make your online tax deductable gift today .
October 20th , 2009
DEBATE next Monday : “ Can you be good without God ? ” The Indiana Atheist Bus Campaign , along with the Secular Alliance of IU and the Evangelical Community Church , Bloomington , is sponsoring a debate on the question “ Can you be good without God ? ” .
It will take place on October 19 , 7:00 pm , in Woodburn Hall 100 on the Indiana University , Bloomington campus .
The debaters are Dan Waugh and Dan Barker .
Dan Waugh Dan Waugh currently serves as the Pastor of Adult Ministries at Evangelical Community Church in Bloomington , Indiana .
He received his M.Div. from Trinity Evangelical Divinity School and is currently working on an advanced degree from Covenant Theological Seminary in St. Louis .
Dan Barker Co-president of the Freedom From Religion Foundation , Dan Barker is a former minister and evangelist and became a freethinker in 1983 .
His newest book is Godless : How An Evangelical Preacher Became One of America ’s Leading Atheists .
Event information Press :
Please contact the bus campaign through the form on our website .
Parking / Directions : For directions to Woodburn Hall , please visit the IU Campus map .
For parking instructions , please visit IU Parking ’s website and scroll down to “ Parking Garages . ”
The easiest way to park on campus is to use a pay garage …as the website states , they close around midnight or earlier , so if you wait until then you ’ll be able to remove your car at no extra cost .
The closest parking is in the Indiana Memorial Union Parking Lot and Jordan Avenue Parking Garage .
You can also find all these locations using Google maps .
October 13th , 2009
Bloomington Bus Ads Are Up !
If you rode the buses in Bloomington today , you might have noticed a new ad on the side .
After a long battle with Bloomington Transit , our ads have finally made it up so that everyone around may see our message , ‘ You Can Be Good Without God . ’
We ’re very pleased that we were finally able to accomplish this goal ; we are based in Bloomington , and it was the dream of bringing the atheist bus campaign to Bloomington that originally motivated us to begin collecting donations back in February .
We are also especially excited that the bus ads will be around when Indiana University students begin returning ( or arriving for the first time ) later this month for fall classes .
We hope that our continuing efforts to keep atheism in the public sphere will show Hoosiers , Bloomingtonians and IU students that non-belief cannot be ignored , atheists are people too , and that we all live in the same world …even in Indiana !
Press Release ( RTF , 3.7 KB ) August 11th , 2009
Open Letter to Fox News To : newsmanager@foxnews.com
Dear Fox News ,
This morning I appeared as a guest on your morning show , Fox & Friends , to discuss the Indiana Atheist Bus Campaign .
The other guest on the segment , Pastor Tony Taylor , mistakenly ( or perhaps intentionally ) claimed that the Bill of Rights of the US Constitution contained the oft - quoted clause , ‘ We hold these truths to be self - evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights … ’
He then went on to argue that the Indiana Atheist Bus Campaign was making a ‘ mockery ’ of the right to free speech granted to us by God .
Apart from the inherent irony in this argument , I take issue with Pastor Taylor ’s argument in two ways : Pastor Taylor first neglected to specify what those unalienable rights we were granted actually were : they are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness ; freedom of speech / expression is not specifically mentioned .
Therefore it is impossible that the Indiana Atheist Bus Campaign could be making a ‘ mockery ’ of such a right that is not even in the clause to which Mr Taylor referred .
Secondly ( and more importantly ) , Pastor Taylor was incorrect in stating that this clause was in the Bill of Rights .
It is not .
It is in the second paragraph of the Declaration of Independence , which–unlike the Constitution –has no legal standing whatsoever .
The Constitution , and therefore the Bill of Rights , does have legal standing , but God is not mentioned in it .
Therefore , the entire premise of Mr Taylor ’s argument is false .
Given that our campaign surely has many detractors as it does supporters , I was disappointed that Fox News was unable to find a guest who was capable of delivering any kind of remotely sensible argument against our campaign , but then again , I suppose I could have been expecting too much anyhow .
All the same , thank you for having me on your show .
– Eoban July 30th , 2009
Fox News Covers The Campaign
Our recent victory in our fight to get our ads up on Bloomington buses caught the attention of Fox News , which covered the campaign this morning on Fox & Friends .
Watch the clip here :
We certainly applaud Fox for actually inviting us on to the show to hear our side of the story rather than just getting some pundits who are all on the same side , although we do regret that complex issues like this are compressed into five - minute ‘ discussions . ’
July 30th , 2009
Campaign Prevails Against BT
In Free Speech Lawsuit PRESS RELEASE : 2009-7-27-PR ( RTF , 4.6 KB )
The members of the campaign are pleased to announce that we have reached a settlement with Bloomington Transit regarding our lawsuit .
A preliminary injunction hearing was scheduled in the United States District Court , Southern District of Indiana , but Bloomington Transit capitulated in the days leading up to the injunction hearing .
The terms of the settlement are that BT will accept our ad , which features the slogan ‘ You Can Be Good Without God ’ for posting on as many buses and for as long of a time as we like , for the standard ad rate .
They will also be reimbursing the ACLU of Indiana for a significant portion of their legal expenses .
Let ’s be straight here : this is a victory not just for atheism and secularism , but for free speech all around .
It ’s not the end of our campaign , either .
We intend to make the most of this victory : look for our message on Bloomington Transit buses in the coming weeks .
We also hope the outcome of this suit provides a suitable precedent for the many other atheist bus campaigns around the country trying to get their own ads up .
Finally , we would like to thank our many supporters , who have given us both money and precious words of encouragement .
Speaking of money …
We still need your donations .
Bloomington ’s not the last stop for the atheist bus , but only if we have the necessary cash .
Please take a moment to donate using the button over in the sidebar ; we are currently surveying new locations for bus ads , and you could be next .
Most importantly , putting up new ads generates another round of interest from the press and public about atheism and starts vital conversations about religion and its role in society .
If you ’re interested in furthering that conversation , please support us .
July 27th , 2009
Previous Posts
The Constitution ’s protection of an individual right to have guns for personal use restricts the powers of state and local government as much as it does those of the federal government , the Ninth Circuit Court ruled Monday .
The opinion by the three - judge panel can be found here .
This is the first ruling by a federal appeals court to extend the Second Amendment to the state and local level .
Several cases on the same issue are now awaiting a ruling by the Seventh Circuit Court .
Ruling on an issue that is certain to reach the Supreme Court , the Circuit Court concluded “ that the right to keep and bear arms ” as a personal right has become a part of the Constitution as it applies to the states through the Fourteenth Amendment ’s due process clause .
That right , it said , “ is ‘ deeply rooted in this Nation ’s history and tradition . ’
Colonial revolutionaries , the Founders , and a host of commentators and lawmakers living during the first one hundred years of the Republic all insisted on the fundamental nature of the right .
It has long been regarded as the ‘ true palladium of liberty . ’
“ Colonists relied on it to assert and to win their independence , and the victorious Union sought to prevent a recalcitrant South from abridging it less than a century later .
The crucial role this deeply rooted right has played in our birth and history compels us to recognize that it is indeed fundamental , that it is necessary to the Anglo - American conception of ordered liberty that we have inherited .
We are therefore persuaded that the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment incorporates the Second Amendment and applies it against the states and local governments . ”
But , following the lead of the Supreme Court ’s decision last June in District of Columbia v. Heller , finding a personal right in the Second Amendment for the first time , the Circuit Court concluded that the right as interpreted by the Justices is limited to “ armed self - defense ” in the home .
Thus , the Circuit Court refused to strike down an Alameda County ordinance that makes it a crime to bring onto county property a gun or ammunition , or to possess them on that property .
A county supervisor who sponsored the ordinance cited “ a rash of gun violence ” in an apparent reference to the school shootings in the late 1990s , including the one at Columbine High School in Littleton , Colo .
The Alameda ordinance , the Circuit Court said , does not involve the kind of armed self - defense that the Supreme Court had in mind in Heller .
“ It regulates gun possession in public places that are County property , ” it concluded .
The ordinance had been challenged by Russell and Sallie Nordye , who operate a business that promotes gun shows in California .
They contended that the Alameda County ordinance burdens their Second Amendment right because it makes it more difficult to buy guns .
Before the gun ordinance was adopted , gun shows had been staged at the Alameda County fairgrounds , drawing up to 4,000 people .
The Nordykes said that some county officials wanted to drive gunshows out of the county , and that is what led to the ordinance ’s enactment .
The Circuit Court , however , said the ordinance “ does not meaningfully impede the ability of individuals to defend themselves in their homes with usable firearms , the core of the right as Heller analyzed it .
The ordinance falls on the lawful side of the division , familiar from other areas of substantive due process doctrine , between unconstitutional interference with individual rights and permissible government nonfacilitation of their exercise . ”
Finally , it said , banning guns from municipal property “ fits within the exception from the Second Amendment for ‘ sensitive places ’ that Heller recognized , ” the Circuit Court said .
The Court also rejected a First Amendment challenge to the ordinance , based on the Nordykes ’ claim that the local law was designed to silence those who promote gun rights .
“ The language of the ordinance , ” the Court said , “ suggests that gun violence , not gun culture , motivated its passage . ”
It also rejected a claim of discriminatory application of the law , because of some exceptions the county wrote into its ordinance .
The ruling was written by Circuit Judge Diarmuid F. O’Scannlain and joined by Circuit Judge Arthur L. Alarcon .
Circuit Judge Ronald M. Gould joined the opinion , but also wrote separately to discuss the doctrine of incorporating rights selectively to apply to state and local government .
From the ' BSD Lives ' files :
NetBSD 5.0 is out , introducing a long list of new features to the BSD operating system with the first big major release since NetBSD 4.0 came out in 2007 .
Among the big changes are improved scalability and performance improvements , thanks to a new threading subsystem that is optimized for multi-core systems .
The NetBSD kernel itself has been improved to include kernel preemption , a new schedulers as well as some real - time extensions .
" Almost all core kernel subsystems , like virtual memory , memory allocators ,
file system frameworks for major file systems , and others were audited and
overhauled to make use of highly concurrent algorithms , " NetBSD 5.0 's release notes state .
NetBSD has also included a new file system preview with FFS which is a WAPBL ( Write Ahead Physical Block Logging ) system .
as well as a new Power Management Framework .
NetBSD is a derivative of the UC Berkeley 's 386BSD Unix with the first
NetBSD release appearing back in April of 1993 .
It competes in the BSD
variant space with FreeBSD and
OpenBSD and is also considered to be a competitive alternative to Linux
as well .
At one point in NetBSD 's history having Unix compatibility , specifically HP - UX compatibility was a key feature , but that 's no longer the case with NetBSD 5.0 .
At the bottom of the changelog is a list of items that have been removed from NetBSD for various reasons .
Among those items removed is : HP - UX binary compatibility .
In the BSD space , FreeBSD tends to be the most popular ( from what I personally have seen ) , but that 's not to take away from the importance of NetBSD , OpenBSD and even Dragon Fly BSD .
They are all part of the ecosystem as well .
Though the BSD 's do compete among each other somewhat , they also co-operate ( a bit ) and are all part of growing BSD usage .
The advertiser ’s dream of sending a particular commercial to a specific consumer is one step closer to reality as Cablevision Systems plans to announce the largest project yet using targeted advertising on television .
Beginning with 500,000 homes in Brooklyn , the Bronx and some New Jersey areas , Cablevision will use its targeting technology to route ads to specific households based on data about income , ethnicity , gender or whether the homeowner has children or pets .
The technology requires no hardware or installation in a subscriber ’s home , so viewers may not realize they are seeing ads different from a neighbor’s .
But during the same show , a 50 - something male may see an ad for , say , high - end speakers from Best Buy , while his neighbors with children may see one for a Best Buy video game .
“ We have , as an industry , been talking about this since the beginning of time , ” said Matt Seiler , the global chief executive of the media firm Universal McCann , a part of the Interpublic Group .
“ Now we ’ve got it in 500,000 households .
This is real . ”
Jonathan Ross has helped reveal to Twitter users that deleting a post from the micro- blogging service does n't actually remove the post completely .
Ross , a British television personality who has more than a quarter of a million followers on the service , posted his full e-mail address but then quickly deleted the post , after realizing his error .
However , by using Twitter 's Advanced search facility , all posts ( whether they have been deleted or not ) can be found , meaning that thousands of Twitter users can still get hold of Ross 's personal e-mail address .
Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant at security firm Sophos called Twitter " irresponsible " for failing to delete posts completely .
" In Ross 's case , his e-mail address could have been scooped by spammers or used by fraudsters pretending to be the star , " said Clulely .
Cluely added that all Twitter users could type something they did n't mean to , or post the message in public rather than send as a direct mail .
" Accidents like this will happen , and Twitter should be helping , not hindering , its users to clean up the mess afterwards .
For Ross , his best bet is to change his e-mail address as soon as possible . "
This story , " Deleting Twitter Posts Does n't Remove Them Completely " was originally published by PC Advisor ( UK ) .
I do n't think I need to go into details about how truly awful the antivaccination movement is , since I 've hammered it so many times before .
But just to let you know how pervasive and dangerous this borderline cult is , here 's an article in the LA Times about how more and more parents are choosing not to vaccinate their kids when they go to school , specifically because of the fear of autism .
It 's a chilling article , because it means that the lies told by the pro-disease movement are taking hold .
I 'm glad I do n't have a child in the school system there .
I imagine it 's only a matter of time before there 's a measles outbreak .
We 've seen it happen many times before , and we 've also seen children permanently hurt and even killed because of it .
The antivaccination movement is wrong , it 's dangerous , and it 's putting kids at risk of death .
It 's that simple .
SEATTLE -
As snowstorms blew into this Northwest city and the economy iced over in December , the occupants of a shelter nestled among industrial buildings on the north side prayed for divine intervention .
" We were hoping for the Christmas miracle , " says Glen Dennis , 41 , who was working his way through a residential drug - treatment program at the CityTeam Ministries shelter .
Dennis and the other 11 guys in the long - term program - dubbed the " disciples " - also worked each day to prepare for some 50 to 60 overnight shelter guests , and dish up free hot meals to about 100 people .
" We kept doing what we were doing , and hoped someone would come by and drop off a big check . "
But the check did not come - even after a coalition of other shelters , nonprofits and local churches tried to pull together a rescue package to keep the shelter open .
On Dec. 27 , CityTeam Ministries , based in San Jose , Calif. , closed the Seattle facility - leaving scores of people to seek food , shelter and sobriety elsewhere .
For Dennis , who had been free of crack cocaine for nearly 11 months , the upheaval led to another painful relapse out on the streets .
" It 's a real loss , " says Herb Pfifner , executive director of the Union Gospel Mission shelter in downtown Seattle .
" We 're all scrambling to try to handle the growth of homelessness because of the economic situation ... and then the closing of another mission adds more pressure . "
The CityTeam closure is a piece in the expanding problem of homelessness across the nation : Shelters and related services for the homeless are facing funding shortfalls as the downturn takes its toll on state budgets and corporate donations .
And while individual donors in many cases are keeping up gifts - or even digging a little deeper for charities that help with urgent needs like food and shelter - the service providers say they are faced with a rapidly growing demand from people losing jobs and homes in the economic crisis .
" A downturn in ( overall ) funding in this case is accompanied by a surge in demand , so a homeless shelter , food pantry , or job - training program is going to feel it first , " says Chuck Bean , executive director of Nonprofit Roundtable of Greater Washington , in the District of Columbia .
" Even if they have 100 percent of their budget compared to last year , they now see a 50 percent surge in demand .
Then ( they ) get into the tough decisions :
Do you thin the soup , or shorten the line ? "
Even as census - takers fan out in cities across the country this week in an attempt to count homeless populations , advocates and experts point to a bevy of evidence that homelessness is rising and will continue to , most notably among families with children .
Shelters across the country report that more people are seeking emergency shelter and more are being turned away .
In a report published in December , 330 school districts identified the same number or more homeless students in the first few months of the school year than they identified in the entire previous year .
Meantime , demand is sharply up at soup kitchens , an indication of deepening hardship and potential homelessness .
" Everything we are seeing is indicating an increase , " says Laurel Weir , policy director at the National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty .
" And homelessness tends to lag the economy .
So we 're probably seeing the tip of the iceberg here . "
In the foreclosure crisis , the people being displaced from homes wo n't likely be on the street immediately , explains Michael Stoops , director of National Coalition for the Homeless .
" The people who have lost homes or tenants in homes that were foreclosed ... have downsized , and if that does n't work they will move in with family and friends , " says Stoops .
" After a while , they will move into their RV in a state campground .
The next step is a car .
And the worst nightmare for a working , middle - class person or even a wealthy person who has never experienced homelessness is knocking on a shelter door . "
Services teeter on brink
As the case of Seattle 's CityTeam shelter illustrates , many nonprofits serving the poor are working on a shoestring , even in better times .
Seattle - area donations to the shelter had to be supplemented from general funds , said Jeff Cherniss , chief financial officer of CityTeam , which operates shelters and food programs in five other U.S. cities .
" We were hoping ( the Seattle shelter ) could become self - sustaining , " says Cherniss .
CityTeam Ministries , a Christian organization funded by donations from individuals , corporations and churches , kept the Seattle facility afloat with help from its general fund for most of a decade , but the 2008 crisis prompted them to retrench .
Every major source of funding is under pressure in the current environment : Charitable foundations - which rely on corporate profits for their seed money and investments to preserve and build those funds - have been forced to pull back grants after taking a massive hit as corporate earnings faltered and stocks plunged .
The National Council of Foundations recently estimated that philanthropic foundation endowments have lost $ 200 billion in value during the economic crisis .
A few of the largest foundations have , despite losses , promised to maintain or give at higher levels in the face of the crisis .
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation this week said it would increase its giving to 7 percent of its assets from 5 percent .
And the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation announced three gifts totaling $ 34 million to help homeowners in Chicago avoid foreclosure and keep renters in homes .
Still , the casualties are mounting .
Among them : Atlanta nonprofit Nicholas House , which closed a shelter for families in mid-January so it could safely keep other housing services open .
Nearly all corporate donors gave to the organization at lower levels this year , says Dennis Bowman , executive director of the 26 - year - old agency .
The final straw came when a corporate donation ended , and was not renewed .
" It was directly because of the economy - the business has suffered in this economy , and so can't provide the funding , which was well over $ 100,000 a year , " says Bowman .
The organization is scrambling to find other options for the 12 families - 45 people in all - who lived there , by squeezing them into other parts of its own programs or openings with other nonprofit programs .
Shaky foundations , difficult choices
Arguably , no single event in the economic crisis has caused a greater ripple of concern among advocates for the homeless than the government takeover of mortgage giants Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae in September .
In 2007 alone , charitable giving through the Freddie Mac Foundation and the Fannie Mae philanthropic division topped $ 47 million - the bulk of which goes to programs that shelter and feed homeless Americans , and establish affordable housing .
In Washington , D.C. , where Fannie and Freddie had been the largest corporate donors , dozens of organizations were up in the air as government auditors reviewed the corporations ' records , including their charity operations .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Linda Dunphy , executive director of Doorways for Women and Families , a shelter program that has been receiving funding from Freddie Mac since 1996 , says the takeover of the mortgage company threw a promised $ 300,000 grant into limbo .
Meantime , Doorways watched other substantial corporate donations drain away - including some $ 50,000 that had been coming through an annual walkathon from financial companies Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch .
Fortunately , when the review of Fannie and Freddie 's charitable operations ended in late December , the Freddie Mac grant came through for Doorways , averting the need to shut down a family shelter - for the next six months , at least .
" But then we face a whole new fiscal year , and our concerns about what is going to happen at ( Freddie Mac Foundation ) and whether they can continue to keep giving at the level they have been giving , " says Dunphy .
The Alternative House for homeless mothers in northern Virginia was not as lucky .
Freddie Mac had been giving $ 35,000 to $ 60,000 a year to this nonprofit .
The Freddie Mac money was spent on providing developmental assistance for the babies , who are often behind because of their chaotic beginnings .
Last week , Judith Dittman , who runs the program , got word that the funding was cut .
States awash in red ink
Up to now , another major source of funding for nonprofits providing homeless services came from state budgets .
But entering 2009 , at least 45 states faced budget deficits , according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , which estimates combined state budget gaps for the remainder of this fiscal year and state fiscal years 2010 and 2011 at more than $ 350 billion .
The trend bodes very badly for programs that benefit the poor and homeless .
The leading example of state budget problems is California , which has eliminated funding for emergency housing assistance this year as it struggles to pare its $ 40 billion deficit .
In Ventura County just north of Los Angeles , the cut of about $ 60,000 delivered an immediate blow to three homeless operations .
The largest , a winter shelter run by St. Vincent de Paul that provides beds for 100 people , was forced to cut 30 nights from its schedule .
" Because they operate on a shoestring , it 's a significant hit to them , " says Karen Schulkin , program coordinator for homeless services in the county .
" The winter shelter at the National Guard Armory can only stay open for the number of days they have funding for . "
Local government funding often provides seed money for nonprofits , who leverage it to drum up foundation money and other donations .
So , according to Bean of the Nonprofit Roundtable of Greater Washington , the local deficit - about $ 1.5 billion in the case of D.C. and surrounding areas - could present an even bigger problem than the uncertainty over the future of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Foundation .
" This will put a huge strain on the ability to invest in the safety net .
... The challenge for a lot of nonprofits is that local government support will be down , foundations will be down , " says Bean .
" The question will be what happens with individual donations . "
Shelter in Danville re-opens for business
To be sure , out of the crisis come tales of inspired giving as communities scramble to raise new funding .
The town of Danville in southern Virginia rallied to reopen a shelter that closed at the end of December after 15 years in operation .
A drive prompted a $ 20,000 anonymous gift , which was more than matched by dozens of other local contributions .
By Jan. 22 , the money and a new director were in place to reopen the 20 - bed shelter - offering some reprieve , at least , in a town with an estimated 150 homeless .
" The people of Danville ... opened up their hearts and pocketbooks with $ 23,100 in matching funds , " reports Pastor Donnie Anderson of the Riveroak Church of God , who spearheaded the fundraising .
" We are so grateful !
The shelter is open as House of Hope and is ready for any who may need a warm place to stay and hot meals to eat . "
On Capitol Hill , as part of the $ 819 billion economic stimulus package , Congress included a boost in funding for emergency shelters .
The $ 1.5 billion provision doubles the annual federal funding for alleviating homelessness .
In addition , the bill includes $ 200 million to help people who are behind on mortgage or rent payments .
The bill , now being debated in the Senate , is " a good step forward , " says Maria Foscarinis , executive director of National Law Center on Poverty and Homelessness .
But the organization is also calling for the federal government to renew its commitment to affordable housing , which she says ended with large cuts for low - income housing in the 1980s .
The NLCPH calls for Congress to make a large infusion of funding to the National Housing Trust Fund , tasked with building affordable housing .
" The growing gap between wages and housing costs has long been hard for low - income people , " says Foscarinis .
" Now we 're seeing people who are middle - income who are being squeezed . "
While that debate continues , local churches and homeless activists are still trying to revive the CityTeam shelter , though hope for a breakthrough is dwindling .
Glen Dennis was lucky .
His former CityTeam friends dusted him off after his relapse and helped him get into a rehab program at Bread of Life Ministry in downtown Seattle .
He is starting over again .
Charles Capizano , who lives with three other graduates of the rehab program in a house secured for them by Bread of Life , is cautiously planning his future , but worries about the many people who scattered when the shelter closed .
" Once you lose everything , it 's very hard to get back to the surface again , " he says .
" You get a good lead on a job and you think , 'how am I going to get there , how can I dress for work ? '
Not having a place to cycle out of that is really tough . "
Written by Adrian Holovaty on May 18 , 2009
We 've launched user accounts at EveryBlock , and we faced the interesting problem of needing to cache entire pages except for the " You 're logged in as [ username ] " bit at the top of the page .
For example , the Chicago homepage takes a nontrivial amount of time to generate and does n't change often -- which means we want to cache it -- but at the same time , we need to display the dynamic bit in the upper right :
One solution would be to pull in the username info dynamically via Ajax .
This way , you could cache the entire page and rely on the client to pull in the username bits .
The downsides are that it relies on JavaScript and it requires two hits to the application for each page view .
Another solution would be to use Django 's low - level cache API to cache the results of the queries directly in our view function .
The downsides are that it 's kind of messy to manage all of that caching , plus each page view still incurs the overhead of template rendering ( which is n't horrible , but it 's unnecessary overhead ) .
The solution we ended up using is two - phased template rendering .
Credit for this concept goes to my friend Honza Kral , who suggested the idea to me during PyCon earlier this year .
The way it works is to split the page rendering into two steps :
At cache reset time , render everything except the " You 're logged in as " bit , which should remain unrendered Django template code .
Cache the result as a Django template .
( This is the clever part ! )
At page view time , render that cached template by passing it the current user .
This is super fast because , at this point , the template only has two or three template tags .
( The rest of the page is already rendered . )
It 's a clever solution because you end up defining what does n't get cached instead of what does get cached .
It 's a sideways way of looking at the problem -- sort of like how Django 's template inheritance system defines which parts of the page change instead of defining server - side includes of the common bits .
In order to make this work , we had to write two parts of infrastructure : a template tag and a middleware class that does the cache - checking and rendering .
The template tag looks like this :
# Copyright 2009 , EveryBlock #
This code is released under the GPL .
from django import template register = template .
Library ( ) def raw ( parser , token ) : # Whatever is between { % raw %} and { % endraw %} will be preserved as # raw , unrendered template code .
text = [ ] parse_until = ' endraw ' tag_mapping = { template .
TOKEN_TEXT : ( '' , '' ) , template .
TOKEN_VAR : ( ' {{ ' , ' }} ' ) , template .
TOKEN_BLOCK : ('{ % ' , ' %} ' ) , template .
TOKEN_COMMENT : ('{# ' , ' #} ' ) , } #
By the time this template tag is called , the template system has already # lexed the template into tokens .
Here , we loop over the tokens until # { % endraw %} and parse them to TextNodes .
We have to add the start and # end bits ( e.g. " {{ " for variables ) because those have already been # stripped off in a previous part of the template - parsing process .
while parser. tokens : token = parser.next_token( ) if token .
token_type == template .
TOKEN_BLOCK and token . contents == parse_until : return template .
TextNode ( u ''. join ( text ) ) start , end = tag_mapping [ token.
token_type ] text.append( u'%s%s%s ' % ( start , token.contents , end ) ) parser.unclosed_block_tag(parse_until ) raw = register .
tag ( raw )
This template tag merely treats everything between { % raw %} and { % endraw %} as unrendered template code .
Then , in our base EveryBlock template , we wrap the appropriate bit of code in the { % raw %} tag , like this :
{ % raw %} { % if USER %} < p > Logged in as {{ USER.email }}</p> { % else %} < p > Sign in / register .</p> { % endif %} { % endraw %}
The final part is to write some middleware that renders every text / html response through the template system :
# Copyright 2009 , EveryBlock #
This code is released under the GPL .
from django.core.cache import cache from django.template import Template from django.template.context import RequestContext import urllib class CachedTemplateMiddleware ( object ) : def process_view ( self , request , view_func , view_args , view_kwargs ) : response =
None if request . method == ' GET ' and ' magicflag ' not in request .
GET : cache_key = urllib.quote( request.path ) response = cache.get ( cache_key , None ) if response is None : response = view_func ( request , *view_args , ** view_kwargs ) if ' magicflag ' not in request .
GET and response [ ' content - type ' ] .startswith ( ' text / html ' ) : t = Template ( response.content ) response.content = t.render ( RequestContext ( request ) ) return response
One thing to note here is that there 's a backdoor for an external process ( say , our script that resets the cache ) to retrieve the halfway - rendered template code for any page -- magicflag in the query string .
( We actually use something different on EveryBlock ; I 've changed this example . )
So that means the only thing the cache - resetting script has to do is make a request to the appropriate page , with that query string , and save the result in the cache .
Pretty slick .
There 's also a potential gotcha / limitation here : anything within { % raw %} and { % endraw %} will only have access to a template context with the default RequestContext stuff -- which , in our case , will be user - specific stuff .
Thanks again to Honza for telling me about this concept .
It 's a great idea , and it 's serving us well .
In a few days the verdict in the Pirate Bay trial will be announced , a decision that could have far reaching consequences for fellow BitTorrent trackers and file - sharing in general .
Through this poll we'd like to hear what the public believe the verdict will be .
Generally in favor of The Pirate Bay Four - or against ?
February 16 marked the start of The Pirate Bay trial and as the days passed , plenty of information was presented by both the prosecution and defense .
The prosecution claimed that the four defendants were ‘ assisting in making copyright content available ’ and demanded millions of dollars in damages .
The defense did not agree , and all pleaded not guilty – backed up by the inimitable King Kong defense .
In an earlier post we summarized some of the key arguments in the case , but much will depend on the judge ’s interpretation of the word ‘ assisting ’ .
The Pirate Bay ’s Peter Sunde still predicts an EPIC WIN , he told us so , and the IFPI and MPAA fancy their chances too .
Of course , if we ran a poll asking you if you believe the defendants are innocent or guilty , it ’s likely the response would be overwhelmingly in favor of the former .
So what we would like to know in this poll is not whether you think the four are innocent or not , but purely what you believe the court ’s verdict will be .
Your personal opinion of The Pirate Bay does n’t really matter , only what you believe the court will decide – good or bad .
The court ’s decision may not be straightforward .
It ’s possible that one , two or more people walk , or equally be found guilty , or any other combination incorporating the four defendants .
So we ask for your feeling overall , when all things are considered .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Thousands of people have converged in the center of London for the first major protest ahead of next week 's G - 20 summit .
Up to 20,000 people are expected to join Saturday 's protests in London .
Despite fears of violence in coming days that have prompted a major security operation in the British capital , Saturday 's demonstration has so far been peaceful .
As many as 20,000 people were expected at the Put People First march , organized by trade unions but backed by some 120 other groups including environmentalists , church groups , and political campaigners .
Authorities are bracing for possible violence as anti-capitalist and environmental protesters to converge on the Bank of England next Wednesday -- April 1 -- for a " mass street party " dubbed " Financial Fools Day . "
Protesters gathering on Saturday were calling for jobs , fair distribution of wealth , and a low - carbon future .
They carried banners and posters reading " Climate Emergency , " " Gaza : End the Blockade , " " Planet Before Profit , " " We Wo n't Pay for Their Crisis , " and " Jobs not Bombs . "
Some groups turned out to march in bright - colored rain ponchos or hard hats .
The day began with a church service in central London .
The Salvation Army , which helped organize the service , said it was a " perfect opportunity to ask the G - 20 to consider the world 's most vulnerable people . "
Those at the service sang " We are blessed to bless a world in pieces . "
They asked for freedom from debt and justice to profit , the Salvation Army said .
After gathering along the Thames River and marching along its banks , marchers moved past Trafalgar Square to Hyde Park for a mass rally in the afternoon .
Speakers at the rally include trade union bosses , environmentalists , and global justice campaigners , along with musicians and a comedian , according to march organizers .
Jake Corn , from Cambridge , told the UK's Press Association he was taking part to show support for a more sustainable future .
" We feel this is an important moment with the G - 20 coming here , " Corn said .
" We want to get our message across to as many people as possible . "
Watch scenes from march , interviews with protesters »
Italian trade unionist Nicoli Nicolosi told PA he had travelled from Rome to take part .
He said : " We are here to try and make a better world and protest against the G - 20 . "
The G - 20 summit next Thursday brings together leaders and financial chiefs from the top 20 industrialized and emerging economies , along with leaders from non -G - 20 nations .
Hundreds of other officials will also be there , including the heads of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank .
' Blue brain ' project to build a functional model of the mammalian brain
( Nanowerk News )
In a world first , Spain is to use a nanotechnology microscope for brain studies as part of the Blue Brain project .
The initiative is CSIC researcher Javier de Felipe 's brainchild , and researchers at the Universidad Politécnica de Madrid 's School of Computing are developing a series of tools to analyse and interpret microscope data .
About thirty Spanish researchers are participating in the international Blue Brain project .
The project 's aim is to build a functional model of the mammalian brain through computer simulations .
Spain 's project leaders are Javier de Felipe and UPM School of Computing professor José María Peña .
The nanotechnology microscope to be applied to brain studies is to be set up at the Centre of Biomedical Technology based at the UPM's Montegancedo Campus and will operational as of June .
The use of this microscope signifies a major technological advance .
On one hand , electron microscopes provide a limited detail level for brain cells studies .
On the other , the nanotech microscope outputs samples of brain tissue in just two hours , something that , using other technologies , it would take two technicians a year to do .
The Spanish Blue Brain project team has acquired the microscope after a series of successful tests run at the manufacturer 's headquarters .
It will be paid for from the 25 million euro credit that the Spanish Government granted the Blue Brain project .
Technological developments
Spanish participation in the Blue Brain project focuses on two key aspects : i ) neuroanatomy , a line of research developed by the Cajal Institute to capture data about the working and reactions of certain parts of the brain , and ii ) development of the technology to visualize the complex results of this research .
Javier de Felipe leads the first research line , whereas José María Peña 's team is developing the tools required to analyse the optical and electron microscope images output by the neuroanatomy research .
3D imaging will be used to visualize results .
The UPM's School of Computing team is to analyse the data using high - performance computing techniques running on the Magerit supercomputer based at the UPM - based Supercomputing and Visualization Centre of Madrid ( CeSViMa ) .
There is potential for the application of these technological developments in other disciplines in the future .
A promising future
Thanks to the simulations run by this team , it will be possible to observe the working and behaviour of the brain in the case of diseases like depression or Alzheimer .
Also researchers will be able to test responses to new drugs on these computer models .
" The ultimate aim of the Blue Brain project , " the Spanish researchers explained , " is to provide the scientific community with a simulation tool for developing basic and clinical research into brain structure and function . "
Future neuroscientists will know how the brain forms , develops and ages or understand its learning mechanisms thanks partly to Blue Brain research .
Cajal Blue Brain
After Switzerland , Spain is the only country to have joined the project .
It accounts for about a fifth of project knowledge generation .
Spanish participation is channelled through the Cajal Blue Brain initiative .
Apart from the UPM and the CSIC , its members number another twelve scientific groups from different Spanish research institutes and organizations : Instituto de Investigaciones Biomédicas de Barcelona run by the Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas ( CSIC ) , Universidad de Castilla La Mancha , Universidad Rey Juan Carlos , Universidad del País Vasco , Universidad de Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , Hospital Ramón y Cajal de Madrid and Hospital Carlos Haya de Málaga .
Other Blue Brain partners are the University of Jerusalem , which offers expertise in modelling the electrical properties of synaptic integration ; the University of Nevada , Reno , which specializes in modelling the electrical properties of neurons ; the University of Yale , which provides the Neuron simulator , and the University of London , which offers expertise in neocortical electrophysiology and anatomy .
After what has seemed to so many of us like an eternity , the wait for the Nehalem Xeon Mac Pros is finally over .
When Macworld 2009 passed without any i7 or Nehalem Xeon announcement , I was worried that it would be a while before the dual - socket boards would be released .
But Apple finally came through with eight cores , hyper - threading , and a speedy new frontside bus to make us masters of the deadline .
It 's safe to say that not everyone needs ( or can afford ) these new eight - core machines , but I 've done some serious high - end grind - work to see what sort of user might be able to justify tossing his pocketbook into the juicer for this potential monster .
Our review would have been up a week earlier but I originally received a bad machine that crashed repeatedly and then refused to boot .
Fortunately , it looks like this is far from common from the lack of " hey , I got a dud too " posts on Apple 's Mac Pro 2009 forum .
The second machine is doing fine — he's able to stay up without crashing and he 's even got my smile .
Test machines
8-core Nehalem Xeon Mac Pro 2.66 GHz
12GB RAM /14GB RAM test configs
AMD Radeon 4870 / Nvidia Quadro FX 5600 test configs
Mac OS X 10.5.6
8 -core Penryn Xeon Mac Pro 2.8 GHz ( early 2008 )
14 GB RAM
Nvidia Quadro FX 5600 / Nvidia Geforce 8800 GT test configs
Mac OS X 10.5.6
The Greener Out - of - Box Experience
You 've probably noticed Apple 's new - found love of green .
Their ads and new hardware are all touting the reduction in PCBs and other harmful materials , all of which is intended to keep them off of Greenpeace 's naughty list .
Say what you will about Greenpeace dogging Apple the way they did , but it 's clear that consumers care about the environment .
If Apple 's going to retain their position as a computer for those who care about more than pinching a few pennies , then they are going to need all the bragging rights they can get .
The new Mac Pro box reflects this position :
Yes , it looks beat up .
The old Mac Pro boxes were much sleeker due to the matte - laminated exterior ( which makes black ink look like it 's outer space ) , but this finish made the box unrecyclable so it 's been ditched .
I 'm personally happy to see that a company as design - centric as Apple can do away with the wasteful consumer - coddling and let the product speak for itself .
But I do think they could have picked a better color than white , because it 's clearly a dirt magnet .
As any art director will tell you , green is not an option , so it 's hard to say what 's better .
Maybe they thought natural cardboard would conjure horrifying images of the days of Gil Amelio .
Once you open the box though , the tree planting party is over — the giant hunks of styrofoam remain .
I can understand that it 's going to be a lot trickier to replace these , considering the 60lb weight of the machine .
Hey , maybe we just found a second use for all those disposable chopsticks ?
The surprise could be what flavor your Mac shows up covered in ( " Mom , I got a Teriyaki Pro ! " )
Call me , Apple .
The outside of the Nehalem Mac Pro has the same dimensions as the older , Penryn Xeon - based machines .
It features the same number of USB 2 ports ( three on the back and two on the front ) , but in place of Firewire 400 ports , there are now Firewire 800 ports , for a total of four Firewire 800 ports and no Firewire 400 ones .
A lot of people seem to be up in arms about this latter move , but I 'm still on the fence about it .
On one hand , I 'd rather have more high - speed ports available to me , but on the other hand , I have to buy a whole new round of adapters :
Firewire 800 to 4 - pin cable for DV capture .
$ 15 you never wanted to spend .
I think that three Firewire 800 ports and one 400 port would have been the sweet spot .
I 'm sure that once Apple reads this , they 'll change the machine accordingly .
No Blu-ray burner
This could have been the first generation of Mac Pros to debut with Blu-ray burners , but it looks like we 'll have to wait some more .
The BD write speeds are finally out of glacial territory , burning support is in Adobe Encore and Toast , and HDCP is supported on Apple 's video cards and monitors , so it 's currently Apple that 's the hold - up .
Price is likely the issue , but that should n't stop this from being a custom config option .
As it is , there still is n't a compatible player , and OS X lacks support for Blu-ray video , so the missing hardware is only half the problem .
I 'm guessing that Blu-ray software support is going to debut with Snow Leopard , since it involves writing 64 - bit drivers for the devices and DRM .
The good news is that the Mac Pros still sport an empty 5.25 " drive slot , so adding a Blu-ray drive in the future will be easy .
With that said , the included 18X DVD burner is nice , but loud when spinning up .
It is n't Xbox 360 loud when playing DVDs though , just when reading at the max 18X speed .
Google has broadened their Google App Engine ( GAE ) support to include Java in addition to Python .
This addition brings a large set of Java ecosystem related tools , frameworks , and languages ( like JRuby and Clojure ) along for the ride .
However , it also imposes a number of limitations on the GAE Java applications to further Google 's ability to scale and cluster them with minimal effort .
The official Google blog summarizes the introduction of Java support by saying :
... We wanted to give developers something that they could be ecstatic about , but we knew we would have to marry the simplicity of Google App Engine with the power and flexibility of the Java platform .
We also wanted to leverage the App Engine infrastructure -- and by extension Google 's infrastructure -- as much as possible , without giving up compatibility with existing Java standards and tools .
And so that 's what we did .
App Engine now supports the standards that make Java tooling great .
( We 're working on the tooling too , with Google Plugin for Eclipse ) .
It provides the current App Engine API 's and wraps them with standards where relevant , like the Java Servlet API , JDO and JPA , javax.cache , and javax . mail .
It also provides a secure sandbox that 's powerful enough to run your code safely on Google 's servers , while being flexible enough for you to break abstractions at will ...
CNet notes that GAE is running Java 6 .
However , as mentioned above a number of limitations have been imposed to constrain Java to fit the GAE model .
GAE Java is based on the Java 2.4 Servlet API :
Once a request is sent to the client no further processing can be done .
This includes data streaming .
A request will be terminated if it has taken around 30 seconds without completing .
At this point an exception is thrown .
If not caught a 500 error is returned to the user .
Moving up the stack are several sandbox restrictions :
Applications can not write to the file system and must use the App Engine datastore instead .
Applications may not open sockets
Applications can not create their own threads or use related utilities such as timer .
java.lang .
System has been restricted as follows :
exit ( ) , gc( ) , runFinalization ( ) , and runFinalizersOnExit ( ) do nothing .
JNI access is not allowed .
In addition to these key items there are other limitations such as a JRE class loading white list .
From the documentation GAE seems to impose a good deal of its magic using custom classloaders .
However , they should allow other application level classloaders as long as they can operate with the above restrictions .
The next logical question is what do the above restrictions provide the user in terms of GAE application benefits .
The first is scalability .
App Engine uses multiple web servers to run your application , and automatically adjusts the number of servers it is using to handle requests reliably .
A given request may be routed to any server , and it may not be the same server that handled a previous request from the same user .
The documentation notes :
... An application can process around 30 active dynamic requests simultaneously .
This means that an application whose average server - side request processing time is 75 milliseconds can serve up to ( 1000 ms / second / 75 ms / request ) * 30 = 400 requests / second without incurring any additional latency .
Applications that are heavily CPU - bound may incur some additional latency in long - running requests in order to make room for other apps sharing the same servers .
Requests for static files are not affected by this limit ...
Google has also provides a BigTable backed version of JPO and JPA and a Google Plugin for Eclipse facilitating easier GAE development .
Google has let a number of developers play with GAE for Java while it has been in development .
Paul Hammant took it through its paces and had a number of observations :
... Be aware also that multiple concurrent requests from the same client are not going necessarily hit the same servlet container at the back end .
It is all apparently from the same domain name ( there is no resource forwarding going on ) , but the there most likely will be different servlet container instances responding to the requests .
This is not going to be a problem for a correctly written stateless app , but one that leverages the session for storing attributes might experience concurrency issues from two writes of to the same logical resource within that apparent map ... ... Google have implement a very thorough sandbox .
Its no doubt to protect them from malicious code ...
XStream is one that is particularly beloved of a section of the Java community .
The latest version is 1.3.1 and on initialization anywhere within the realm of GAE is throws exceptions .
Other engineers were able to get Clojure , JRuby , and Groovy working .
ThoughtWorks Ola Bini has a detailed blog post on GAE 's handling of dynamic languages .
A woman demonstrates the use of an electronic breathalyzer test for discotheques , bars and public spots in Paris December 20 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Charles Platiau
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - Politicians in Australia ’s most populous state could be breath - tested for alcohol before voting on laws after a series of late - night incidents that have embarrassed the center - left government .
New South Wales state lawmaker Andrew Fraser resigned from his conservative opposition frontbench role after shoving a female colleague in the wake of Christmas party celebrations .
“ Breath test this mob , ” said a front page headline in Sydney ’s mass - selling Daily Telegraph newspaper .
State police minister Matt Brown was dumped from his portfolio in September after allegedly “ dirty ” dancing in his underwear over the chest of a female colleague after a drunken post - budget office party .
Conservative Opposition Leader Barry O’Farrell said he would support alcohol breath tests for drunkenness for lawmakers before they entered parliament , while Green MPs John Kaye and Lee Rhiannon also backed the plan , along with the parliament ’s speaker .
“ Honestly , if you are going to have breathalyzers for people driving cranes you should have breathalyzers for people writing laws , ” Kaye told the Telegraph .
By the Scottish Palestine Solidarity Campaign
April 22 , 2009 -- The Scottish Trades Union Congress ( STUC ) , representing every Scottish trade union , voted overwhelmingly to commit to boycott , divestment and sanctions against Israel .
This is the third example of a national trade union federation [ including Ireland and South Africa ] committing to boycotts , divestment and sanctions and is a clear indication that , while Israel can kill Palestinians with impunity and Western support , it has lost the battle for world public opinion .
It is now seen to be a state born out of ethnic cleansing and still expanding through the violent dispossession of the Palestinian people .
Speaker after speaker expressed intense anger at Israel 's butchery of 1300 Palestinians in Gaza over New Year , as well as the much longer history of Israel 's ethnic cleansing of Palestinians .
The vote followed a visit to Israel / Palestine by an STUC delegation in March which heard from a wide range of trade union and other bodies and returned with a unanimous recommendation that the parent body adopt boycotts , divestment and sanctions .
Read the delegation 's report at http://www.stuc.org.uk/files/Palestine/Delegation%20Report%202009.pdf.
The STUC move to a position of boycotts , divestment and sanctions followed debate on the delegation 's report with affiliated unions , as well as consultations across Scotland .
There were written and oral submissions from Zionist as well as human rights bodies .
The commitment to boycotts , divestment and sanctions was made despite aggressive lobbying by Zionist groups , including an absurd warning that a commitment to active support for Palestinians ' human rights would lead to attacks on Scottish Jews , and the parachuting into Scotland of the Histadrut ’s head of communications from Israel .
The STUC's new position is a dramatic breakthrough which has the potential to greatly accelerate the boycott campaign already underway in Scotland against , for example , Israeli companies and sporting or cultural visits .
The Scottish government earlier in the year yielded to public concerns and cancelled a trade delegation to Israel .
It will also make easier the task of building a mass boycott campaign across the land surface of Scotland , in every town and small community , in every supermarket and every sporting and cultural event .
Israel 's New Year mountain of corpses in Gaza , together with its frequent murder of unarmed civilians across Palestine was only the latest in a long series of Israeli massacres .
We may be unable to stop the next one , but our job of building the sort of mass boycotts , divestment and sanctions campaign that can confront Israel 's violence with a countervailing force has just become easier .
An aroused world opinion is increasingly ready to ensure that all do n't die in vain .
We can only offer hope to the hard - pressed Palestinians that their freedom is coming , however long Israel and its allies work to delay it .
Speaking prior to the debate , STUC General Secretary , Grahame Smith , said : “ The STUC General Council is recommending support for boycott and calls for sanctions against Israel because of its attacks on the human rights of Palestinian people and its breaches of international laws .
Mr Smith continued : “ On our recent visit to Israel and Palestine we witnessed the human rights violations experienced by ordinary Palestinians on a daily basis .
We saw how restrictions on movement and checkpoints prevent people from going to work , to school and to visit their families – even when they are sick and dying . ”
“ We heard powerful arguments from the Palestinian Human Rights Organisation , Al - Haq , outlining how Israel is in breach of the Geneva Conventions , and the need for other signatories to international laws to hold Israel to account . ”
“ Our delegation also met with the leadership of Israeli trade union centre , Histadrut , and the Palestine General Federation of Trade Unions .
The STUC has carefully considered the complex issues involved , and we believe that we have a moral obligation to show solidarity to Palestinian people . ” --
Read the full STUC press release at http://www.stuc.org.uk/news/633/stuc-debates-boycott-of-israel.
View the STUC General Council recommendation passed at the STUC congress on April 22 in Perth , Scotland , at http://spsc.scottishpsc.org.uk/files/STUCbds.pdf.
The significant paragraphs are :
6.1 The General Council is recommending that Congress should take a position of : supporting boycotts and disinvestments against lsrael ,
calling for sanctions against lsrael ,
encouraging positive investments in the occupied territories ...
6.6 The STUC acknowledges its relationship with both PGFTU and Histadrut and supports the development of a constructive dialogue between them .
The STUC will explain its position on BDS to Histadrut , and will , over the next 12 months , raise with them Histadrut positions in relation to Gaza and the Occupied Palestinian Territories .
The STUC will review its relationship with Histadrut in this context .
[ Scottish Palestine Solidarity Campaign , c/ o Peace & Justice Centre , 2 Princes Street , Edinburgh EH2 4BJ .
Email secretary [ at ] scottishpsc.org.uk , visit http://www.scottishpsc.org.uk.
SPSC is affiliated to the Palestine Solidarity Campaign ( UK ) , http://www.palestinecampaign.org.]
There are many slips betwixt cup and lip , and thus this introduction before getting to the FED ’s unsound theories .
Neither the federal government nor its Constitution have a moral or rightful foundation over any person residing in America who does not consent to them , for civil and political rights include the right of association .
If men and women cannot associate with those whom they will in governing themselves , then they have no liberty .
They are governed by others against their will .
They are slaves .
The existing Union is a product of force , including the American Civil War ( 1861 — 65 ) , also known as the War Between the States and the War for Southern Independence , and including laws we are made to obey today that lack our consent .
Force is not a moral or rightful foundation for government .
But even if the federal government and Constitution had moral authority , the Constitution provides that government with no legal authority and power over any of us .
Lysander Spooner has argued this case persuasively and at length in No Treason .
For one thing , none of us has signed the document or made a contract with the federal government .
Spooner ’s many arguments have never been refuted , although some , like Colin Williams , have tried and failed .
Even the manner of its passage makes the Constitution lack authority .
See Hologram of Liberty by Kenneth W. Royce .
The present - day states of the union have little or no viable legal or moral authority either , dating , as they do , from nothing more than monarchical and territorial claims of old .
But , if the states did have such rights , the Constitution , as it has been interpreted by the Supreme Court ( a body within the federal government that judges the power of the federal government ) , would still lack authority in nearly all of its actions .
A good many state legislators understand this and wish for their states to maintain these rights , as in this resolution introduced into the New Hampshire legislature .
But even if the Constitution did have legal authority , the Federal Reserve ( FED ) is unconstitutional .
Article 1 , Section 1 says " All legislative powers herein granted " vest in Congress .
The powers are granted in the document .
The Constitution enumerates or lists the powers of Congress and confers no others except those necessary and proper to their execution .
It is not within the enumerated powers of the Constitution to establish a central bank with the FED ’s powers , nor is the FED necessary and proper to achieve any of its listed powers .
Indeed , the FED contradicts the articles that mention money .
Section 8 gives Congress power " To coin money , regulate the value thereof , … " This does not preclude the right of any person to issue money , so that legal tender laws for private transactions are unconstitutional .
And it does not allow government to do anything other than coin money , which the FED does not do .
Congress may regulate the value of these coins by stating the gold or other metal content , which is why the article goes on to say " fix the standard of weights and measures . "
In sum , the FED lacks any moral and legal authority .
But even if the FED were constitutional , its actions are pragmatically unsound .
And because they are unsound , they damage the interests of many Americans .
The rest of this article focuses on the practical failings of the FED .
It is really not up to me to prove that what the FED does is unsound in practice or that the theories that found its maneuvers are unsound and lead to damaging consequences .
It is up to the FED and the FED ’s supporters to prove that the FED ’s theories and practices are sound .
I am aware of no such proof or evidence that the FED does any good , either in achieving aims that one might attribute to it or in achieving its own aims .
If someone will point me to this proof , I shall happily consider and evaluate it .
The closest thing to a defense of the central bank is that it can supply credits when the banking system needs them either seasonally or due to some crisis .
Banks would , however , operate more soundly without having this backstop .
They would be forced to .
They ’d also find ways to backstop each other .
They were doing this before the FED was instituted .
The supposedly limited and restrained backstop initial capabilities of the FED ( to provide an elastic currency on short - term collateral ) at decentralized reserve banks have long since wilted in favor of legal amendments to the 1913 act creating the FED that have given the FED almost unlimited ( and centralized ) power to discount almost any collateral and issue credit against it .
This is a development that parallels the constitutional relaxations of the Supreme Court .
In addition , it did not take the FED long to discover the power of open - market operations that it had .
The foot in the door has become a ferocious tiger in the room .
I have looked at the FED ’s web site for proof that it does good .
At the very top of the page , the FED characterizes itself as follows : " The Federal Reserve , the central bank of the United States , provides the nation with a safe , flexible , and stable monetary and financial system . "
The states met , in one way or another , and united to create a federal government governed by a Constitution .
It is not clear whether the FED thinks of itself as the central bank of these 50 states ( the United States ) or as the central bank of that federal government ( also called the United States ) .
In either event , as noted above , the Constitution does not provide the Congress with the power to create a central bank .
It does not even charge the Congress with the duty of creating a monetary and financial system , other than to coin money .
And if Congress did coin money and regulate its content properly within the Constitution , the nation would be able to create a monetary and financial system that is sound , safe , flexible , and stable .
And because Congress is enjoined in the Constitution from destroying contracts , the federal government could not arbitrarily alter the metal content of coins or seize the metal that goes into those coins , as the federal government did in 1933 .
So , does the FED provide the nation with a monetary and financial system ?
If that is the FED ’s claim , that claim is false .
The FED provides nothing of the sort .
The FED began in 1913 .
The nation developed its monetary and financial system long before the FED existed and has continued to develop it after the FED came into being .
The evolving institutions of banking , clearing houses , correspondent banks , credit , money markets , stock markets , bond markets , foreign exchange markets , forward markets , commodity markets , futures markets , and derivatives markets pre-date and post - date the FED .
The FED is one institutional development within much broader arrangements of many kinds that constitute money , credit , and capital markets .
The FED is a central bank with particular powers , but it by no means provides the nation with a monetary and financial system .
It has the power to alter , transform , regulate , and interfere with that system , and it has done so ; but the basic system is not of its making .
If there were no FED , the nation would still have a monetary and financial system .
If the FED ’s claim , contrary to its expansive language , is that it makes the system safe , flexible , and stable , that claim too is false .
It is up to the FED to prove that what it says is true , but it has never done so .
If it has and I have missed it , which is surely possible , I will happily consider its claim .
We know for a fact that the value of the paper dollar , which is the FED ’s direct liability and note of issue , has experienced a long - term deterioration and that the nation has had to deal with and suffered from long - term inflation .
There is hardly stability in this .
We know that within that long - term downtrend , the dollar has fluctuated violently in value at times , both up and down .
We know that these fluctuations have caused and / or contributed to violent fluctuations in employment , prices , and the production of goods and services .
Where is the claimed stability for our economy ?
At times , the nation has endured severe depression under the FED , as in the 1930s , and that lengthy episode was preceded by the FED ’s mismanagement of the dollar during the 1920s .
The same thing is happening at present , again preceded by the FED ’s inflation of bank reserves ; and it is likely to occur again .
Where is the safety in the FED ’s monetary management ?
We know that inflation raged during the 1970s as a consequence of the FED ’s loose monetary policies , and that the result was a series of severe recessions .
The FED makes no attempt to prove its claims , and it cannot prove them for they are false .
The FED claims to be doing good for the nation .
The Congress acts as if the FED is doing good for the nation .
The system continues on its way with the powers - that - be acting as if the FED does good for the nation .
Congress even wants the FED to have more powers .
But there is no evidence that the FED has done good for the people at large who constitute the nation .
The evidence , past and present , suggests the opposite .
The reason why this institution persists , which is to the detriment of many Americans , is that it benefits certain interests within the State and the banking industry , as well as certain Americans at large .
Central banks benefit the States that create them .
Historian Edwin J. Perkins writes of the Bank of England : " During the eighteenth century the British national debt had risen steadily in order to finance a series of overseas military campaigns , and the Bank of England had regularly accommodated the Exchequer [ the Treasury ] in financing budget deficits through the direct purchase of numerous fresh issues of government bonds running into the millions of pounds .
Indeed , the Bank of England had been created in the seventeenth century for the explicit purpose of assisting Parliament in floating new debt issues . "
( From Perkins on U.S. Financial History and Related Topics . )
One may argue that the British military ventures that created the Empire benefitted the nation .
One may similarly argue that the American military ventures , which could not have occurred in their frequency and size without the FED , also have benefitted the nation .
This , however , is a thesis that is extraordinarily difficult to maintain .
Great numbers of persons in the nation came to understand that the Vietnam War was wrong and that the Iraq War is wrong .
As time passes , greater numbers may come to understand that these wars are not exceptions but the general rule , and that other American wars have equally borne bitter fruit in the making , the executing , and the aftermath .
Ben Bernanke knows that the FED mismanaged money in the past .
For example , in a 1995 article he writes : " First , exhaustive analysis of the operation of the interwar gold standard has shown that much of the worldwide monetary contraction of the early 1930s was not a passive response to declining output , but instead the largely unintended result of an interaction of poorly designed institutions , shortsighted policy - making , and unfavorable political and economic preconditions . "
In referring to " poorly designed institutions , " Bernanke refers to various problems of the gold exchange standard and how central banks operated in the 1920s .
For example , he writes " … for a majority of the important continental European central banks , open market operations were not permitted or were severely restricted . "
But in the current situation , central banks have had no such restrictions .
They have been merrily inflating for a very long time .
Why then has the world suddenly been plunged into depression ?
Why have commodity and asset prices fallen so sharply ?
This can not be blamed again on a lack of power of central banks to inflate .
Will the next generation of central bankers and economists like Bernanke continue to ignore the connections between prior major inflations and subsequent depressions ?
Will they come up with yet another set of particular circumstances and blame the depression on them ?
There is never any shortage of such factors .
In this case , there are hedge funds , derivatives , leverage , ratings errors , low loan standards , and securitization to name a few .
" Shortsighted policy making " refers to the errors of the FED and other central banks .
Bernanke proposes to do better , but will he and can he ?
His own research only tentatively endorses two of the three main policies that he is now using , which are a huge expansion in the FED ’s balance sheet , and the large - scale open market purchases of specific securities such as mortgage - backed bonds .
In 2004 , he wrote :
" Despite finding evidence that alternative policy measures may prove effective , we remain cautious about relying on such approaches .
We believe that our findings go some way toward refuting the strong hypothesis that nonstandard policy actions , including quantitative easing and targeted asset purchases , cannot be successful in a modern industrial economy .
However , the effects of such policies remain quantitatively quite uncertain . "
Is it right that he and the FED have the power to experiment with these untried solutions on a massive scale ?
Should we be made to bear the risks of this enormous gamble ?
How can this gamble possibly be reconciled with the notion that the FED is bringing us a safe and sound monetary policy ?
That policy is certainly flexible , but is that good ?
Not if it is an ongoing and untried work - in - progress whose results may prove disastrous .
If the FED still exists in a few years , another chairman will probably look back and cite the poor institutions and shortsighted policy making of the current FED and its officials .
We can do that now merely by applying sound economic analysis to those policies .
Bernanke has a peculiar blindness to causation that is difficult to understand .
His thinking about the Great Depression starts in the 1930s .
He does not seek its roots in the FED ’s actions in the 1920s and in the boom that the FED promoted that eventually came to grief .
Similarly , in 2008 , Bernanke has not gotten to the roots of the current depression .
He acts as if depressions suddenly spring full - blown upon us and we need only deal with them at that point or before — with more inflation .
Bernanke ’s answer to depression prevention and control is incredibly simple and nave : " Thus we believe that policymakers should continue to maintain an inflation buffer and to act preemptively against emerging deflationary risks . "
The simple fact is that policymakers maintained inflation at high rates for decades on end .
There has been a very large inflation buffer !
They have acted preemptively against deflation for decades !
Bernanke has to be wrong , because after all of that , the deflation in prices has occurred anyway .
The inevitable depression has arrived .
Bernanke ’s erroneous ideas would be a matter of indifference to me if Bernanke had no power .
I would ignore his flawed ideas ; and if I did stumble across them , I would dismiss them .
Unfortunately for us , we have elevated him ( and others ) to power whose ignorance and bias can and will harm us greatly .
We need to learn that we should never allow people to have such unchecked power , no matter how capable or learned we think they are .
In his 1995 article on the macroeconomics of the Great Depression , Bernanke argues that deflation ( he means price deflation ) propagated the depression and that inflation ( here he means monetary inflation ) alleviated it .
His solution to a depression is therefore the inflation of money , and this is what he is now fostering to the best of his ability .
Bernanke is not interested in basic causation .
He thinks that the results of basic causes can be circumvented or thwarted by subsequent actions .
He thinks that deflation ( in prices ) is the proximate cause of depression .
Even in that regard , his thinking is wrong .
Deflation in prices is a phenomenon during a depression that is correcting a variety of prior imbalances that have been built up .
It is a liquidation that needs to occur in order to establish a firm basis for economic growth .
That basis has to be rooted in prices .
Businesses cannot begin to operate again and hire people unless they have some reasonably stable expectations about future prices and demands .
Deflation in prices is not a never - ending or self - propagating mechanism as some believe .
Falling prices do not cause more falling prices .
This is no more true than the opposite view that rising prices cause more rising prices .
Some believe that everyone who observes falling prices will expect them to fall even more and hoard money as a result rather than spend it or invest it .
This cannot happen on a broad scale by itself any more than prices can rise on a broad scale by themselves because they have already risen .
If prices kept on falling , someone with a given amount of money would eventually be able to buy Rembrandts for small amounts or be able to buy factories and hire labor at small amounts .
And he’d be able to sell the products to other people who had also hoarded their money .
In other words , for a given stock of money , there would be immense profit opportunities to use capital assets to produce products in demand if prices kept falling .
The existence of that stock of money prevents prices from falling indefinitely .
Furthermore , given the monetary freedom and opportunity and not restricted by federal law , people will create their own money and scrip .
They will see the profit opportunities presented by unemployed labor and unemployed capital goods , and they will create their own credit and payments mechanisms in order to bring them back into employment .
Bernanke emphasizes that bank runs cause a collapse in bank reserves and the money supply , and that withdrawal of money from foreign banks with questionable currencies does the same .
He mentions the failure of Austria ’s largest bank , Kreditanstalt , as a trigger in May of 1931 .
There is no doubt that a run on American gold began after Austria failed and after England unnecessarily went off gold .
That action brought all currencies into question .
Confidence in paper currencies plummeted .
But Bernanke does not raise the central questions .
Why were these currencies questionable ?
How is it that banks with questionable practices could thrive and prosper , before they collapsed ?
Why have central banks in the first place ?
What might a stable monetary system look like ?
How is a depression related to and caused by monetary causes that occur in the boom ?
Bernanke is very concerned about the monetary cause of deflation in the 1930s but relatively unconcerned with the monetary and other causes that preceded the 1930s .
He has very much ignored those , having made up his mind that both central banks and inflation are good things to have around .
Price deflation and depression in the 1930s , Bernanke fails to acknowledge , are the consequences of a severe prior central bank inflation that took place on three separate occasions when the FED , during the 1920s , stimulated the economy with the means of excessive credit .
These were in 1922 , 1924 — 25 , and 1927 .
The third of these stimulated the stock market to an excessive degree , whereupon the FED reversed policy during 1928 and raised the rediscount rate in 3 steps from 3.5 to 5 percent .
The boom went on for another 14 months .
The FED could not have continued its inflation indefinitely without creating a severe inflation that would have disrupted the economy and sent stock prices lower in real ( and perhaps nominal ) terms .
Contraction becomes a necessity at some point , the only alternative being an even worse contraction later .
The 1920s money - induced boom would have come to an end anyway as it was associated with imbalances , unrealistic and uncoordinated prices , excessive leverage , attenuated balance sheets , and mal - investments .
But these are common features of credit - induced booms .
They were recognizable in the last 10 years , had Bernanke only looked , rather than turned a blind eye .
Bernanke has not yet addressed what it is about today ’s central banking and the monetary system , with all of its powers , that has contributed to the current depression .
He ignores the biggest question : why , despite the fact that central banks are not using the gold standard , has the world again been plunged into a depression ?
If , as he has written , it was the adherence of central banks to the gold standard that brought about the worst of the Great Depression , why is another depression in progress when central banks no longer adhere to a gold standard ?
Bernanke criticizes the FED ’s contractionary policy in 1928 , but he is blind to his own contractionary policy .
For the two years after he succeeded Greenspan , he kept the monetary base to a 1 percent growth rate .
For most of that period he held the Fed Funds rate at 4.5 to 5.25 percent .
This policy became something of a necessity in view of the mounting imbalances in the American economy , which included a stock price bubble and a housing and real estate bubble , both identifiable by using traditional value criteria .
The imbalances included a massive credit expansion , extensive leveraging , loss of the country ’s manufacturing base , a huge trade deficit and massive government debts .
The FED ’s easy money policy had gone on unabated , not just in 3 episodes as in the 1920s , but for decades .
The monetary base increased from 70 billions to 800 billions between 1972 and 2006 , when Bernanke took over .
This was at a rate of over 7 percent a year , which is far in excess of what might reasonably be needed in an economy growing at 3 percent a year .
The FED could not continue to pump out money without destroying the dollar or otherwise disrupting some part of the fragile system that its own actions had created .
The illusion of a safe , flexible , and stable monetary system had eventually to give way to the reality that is now upon us .
Eventually the imbalances had to be corrected .
Bernanke has now reinstated the FED ’s inflation with a vengeance .
The FED ’s policies are unsound in numerous ways , some of which I will mention .
The FED operates on the unsound theory that the economy is demand - driven .
A sound economy is supply - driven , that is , production driven .
Every person who produces goods and services has thereby produced the means to purchase ( demand ) goods from others who have also produced goods and services .
Demands ( wants ) are always infinite .
They can only be satisfied ( and price - rationed ) when there is supply ( production . )
The FED operates on the unsound theory that it can affect demand in a sound and stable manner by influencing credit and by influencing the prices of certain assets .
Typically the FED stimulates by buying short - term Treasury bills and raising their prices .
The reality is that there are no stable and sound connections between the FED ’s influences and the economy at large .
The FED hits buttons but the economy , not being a machine , does not respond immediately or in stable ways over time .
The markets in an economy are very diverse and very complex in their interconnections , and all that happens in them arises from human actions , valuations , and expectations that cannot be contained in Bernanke ’s favorite vector autoregression models .
Anyone who looks at the data will find that many inexplicable things happen in the inter - market relations among wages , rents , consumer good prices , wholesale and commodity prices , exchange rates , interest rates , and the prices of capital assets .
On a disaggregated basis , even more inexplicable changes occur .
There are numerous frictions , costs of adjustment , shifts in demand , and lagged effects that are always occurring and shifting .
There are industries that are dying and industries being born .
There are industries going overseas , and there are overseas industries coming ashore .
There are constant regulatory and tax and policy changes .
There are wars .
The FED thinks that it can create stability by using its influence on short - term interest rates .
This is a pipe dream .
This is not to say that the FED ’s actions will have no effects .
They will .
But they are unlikely to be what the FED expects and they are likely to cause more harm than good .
The FED can drive down short - term interest rates .
If people expect this to continue , one effect is that the economy will shift to the cheaper short - term financing .
This will move many people and businesses away from sound financing by long - term means .
Alternatively , long - term rates will come down , and this will distort the allocation of capital .
There will be investment in uneconomic projects that would be rejected if the interest rates reflected real saving .
When the FED inflates , it creates uncertainty over future prices and interest rates .
The FED is able to alter inflation expectations as well as the uncertainty of those expectations .
It creates the instability that it claims to avoid .
The FED is a large and powerful player .
Its every statement causes assets to change price .
Its every move can change the value of the currency we use .
There is nothing more basic than the standard of value .
If this is altering at the FED ’s whim , where is the stability ?
When the FED inflates , money is not neutral .
It affects certain prices and not others in ways that lack a basis in the realities of demand and supply .
This disrupts the economy by altering price relations and disturbing the coordinating effects of prices .
Business firms alter their production as these effects ripple through the economy .
When the inflation ceases , they find that their plans cannot be fulfilled .
The FED ’s actions cause a lack of coordination with foreign economies , which have their own central banks and go their way with their own policies .
But , to a great extent , many foreign central banks are on a dollar standard .
They use dollar assets as reserves .
They amount to branches of the FED that create derivative currencies off of the dollar assets .
The problem then becomes that the FED induces worldwide instability , worldwide bubbles , worldwide imbalances , and worldwide mal - investments .
The FED ’s actions usually prevent prices from falling due to productivity increases .
The benefits of production then do not feed through to the pocketbooks of those who produce and consume .
The FED ’s current zero -interest rate policy will probably cause speculators to issue credit in dollars at vanishing cost by selling federal securities short or by borrowing at low bank rates .
Having received dollars , they can buy other assets with them and create bubbles .
This is exactly what the FED wants to happen .
It will be the yen carry trade revisited .
It will be a dollar carry trade .
It is highly likely that the yen carry trade ( having arisen from a zero - interest policy in Japan ) that has gone on for years now , has contributed to the current financial market crashes and depression by having supported worldwide financial bubbles .
Hedge funds , investment bankers , and many other investors and speculators have ended up buying overpriced assets using cheap borrowed funds .
And they did this in part in an effort to obtain yields that could no longer be found in ordinary markets that had become overpriced .
The FED is now encouraging a repeat performance .
The FED ’s focus on the quantity of credit ignores the quality of credit .
We have seen that a vast increase in the quantity leads to a lowering of credit standards .
With credit widely available and a boom expected to continue , the quality of credit declines .
We then observe the system accumulating loans that fail when the boom slows down or reverses .
Again , the FED promotes instability .
Economics students are routinely taught that central banks are a good thing or that they are the highest stage to which banking has now evolved .
This is a presumption offered without proof .
There is no proof that I know of that central banks are a good thing .
The FED offers none .
This article presents a few of my reasons why the FED is a bad thing .
It may be thought that I am indirectly arguing here for 100 % reserve banking .
Those who do not know my position may think that is the only alternative to the FED .
It is not .
The alternative that I favor is known as free banking .
I favor monetary freedom , and that may include fractional reserve banking without a central bank .
The works of Larry Sechrest , George A. Selgin , and Kevin Dowd will provide a good idea of what free banking is about .
One might start with Free Banking by Larry Sechrest .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
How 's this for a bright idea to boost home prices and goose the economy :
Have two government - chartered entities exploit Uncle Sam 's low borrowing costs to subsidize mortgage rates .
Lower borrowing costs will make housing more affordable and increase demand for unsold homes .
If this sounds hauntingly familiar , that 's because it is .
Think Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , whose mortgage - rate subsidy helped get us into this mess .
Well , ...
There is so much misunderstanding flying around about the economics of content on the web and the role of Google in the web ’s content economy that it ’s making my head hurt .
So let ’s see if we can straighten things out .
Google is n’t stealing content from newspapers and other media companies .
It ’s stealing their control over distribution , which has always been the engine of profits in media .
Google makes more money than any other media company on the web because it has near monopoly control over content distribution ( i.e. like a metro newspaper in the pre web era ) .
Those who argue that Google is a friend to content owners because it sends them traffic overlook the basic law of supply and demand .
The value of “ traffic ” is entirely relative .
The more content there is on the web , the less value that content has — because of the surfeit of ad inventory and abundance of free alternatives to paid content — and thus the less value “ traffic ” has .
The more content there is on the web , the less money every content creator makes , and the more money Google makes by taking a piece of that transaction .
Nick Carr sums up the problem well :
What Google does n’t mention is that the billions of clicks and the millions of ad dollars are so fragmented among so many thousands of sites that no one site earns enough to have a decent online business .
Where the real money ends up is at the one point in the system where traffic is concentrated : the Google search engine .
Google ’s overriding interest is to ( a ) maximize the amount and velocity of the traffic flowing through the web and ( b ) ensure that as large a percentage of that traffic as possible goes through its search engine and is exposed to its ads .
The debate over whether Google ’s excerpting content on its search result pages is a violation of copyright law , i.e. whether Google is effectively stealing content , overlooks the much more valuable asset that Google is appropriating .
Google makes money less by its ability to display that snipet of content and much more by its ability to know that snipet of content is relevant to what the content consumer is looking for — it makes money by its ability to efficiently distribute that content .
And just how does Google know what content is most relevant , trustworthy , and valuable ?
How does Google know where to send the traffic that yields such diminishing returns ?
Everyone talks about Google ’s algorithms as if it were some giant artificial intelligence that had its own ability to judge the value of content .
The greatest irony of the web content economy is that Google by itself does n’t have a clue what content is good or bad .
Google is able to deliver relevant search results only because every site on the web helps them figure it out .
Google ’s algorithm is based on reading “ links ” as votes for content .
Every time a website links to another website , Google reads that link as a vote .
The brilliance of the Google algorithm is its ability to figure out which votes should count more .
But without those links , without those “ votes , ” Google has nothing .
What Google “ steals ” from every website is n’t the content — it ’s the links .
It ’s the links , stupid .
And everyone gives Google their links to read — for free !!
Google does n’t really need your content , because there ’s plenty more where it came from .
What Google really needs is your links , i.e. your votes for content — it needs your help separating the wheat from the chaff on the web .
The backlash against URL shorteners and site framing ( e.g. DiggBar ) is all about who controls the links , and which links Google is going to read and credit .
The key to Google ’s monopoly control over content distribution on the web is its ability to judge what ’s most relevant in an increasingly large sea of content .
If media companies want to compete with Google , they need to look at the source of its power — judging good content , which enables Google to be the most efficient and effective distributor of content .
They also need to look at Google ’s fundamental limitation — its judgment is dependent on OTHER people expressing their judgment of content in the form of links .
Above all , they need to look at sources of content judgment that Google currently can’t access , because they are not yet expressed as links on the web .
The balance of power on the web can shift — but only by understanding what the real sources of power are .
UPDATE
Just to clarify , the use of “ steal ” and “ stole ’ is in the sense of “ stole the game . ”
The point of this post is to explain how Google won , and not at all to suggest that they did n’t deserve to win .
Google ’s success is a direct reflection of how much value they create , i.e . A LOT — they solved a problem in the market that nobody else figure out how to solve or even recognized as the huge opportunity in the market .
This post is also intended to help media companies understand better how Google works so that they can better compete in the web content marketplace , not to justify any feelings of “ sour grapes . ”
Gen
Attract cells with your mouse and guide them to the glowing sphere .
Keep the cells away from harmful red objects .
1 ) No Help for Hemp
Our favorite North Dakota farmers were back in federal court , again trying to get the Drug Enforcement Administration to butt out of plans to cultivate non-narcotic industrial hemp on family farms .
Farmers Dave Monson ( a veteran Republican state lawmaker ) and Wayne Hauge ( a seed dealer and certified public accountant ) argue that the feds have no jurisdiction over intrastate cultivation of the non-narcotic cousin of the evil weed marijuana .
The DEA argues that although portions of the cannabis plant are exempted from federal regulation , hemp is still cannabis , and under its purview , hemp is dope , and dope is illegal .
The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is expected to rule on the matter early this year .
2 ) APD Finally Cites and Releases More than a year after state lawmakers affirmed a police officer 's right to allow certain low - level misdemeanants to be cited instead of jailed , Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo finally announced that the Austin Police Department too would implement the " cite - and - release " law .
The law does not change the possible penalties for a list of minor offenses – including possession of up to 4 ounces of pot , driving under a suspended license , and minor graffiti and theft – but does allow police to issue only a citation .
The Travis Co. Sheriff 's
Office helped craft the law and implemented it in September 2007 – it took APD a year to get with the program .
3 ) U.S. Elects Admitted Pot Smoker
Yes , it 's true : Barack Obama actually inhaled .
And snorted some coke too , back in the day .
Now he 's president .
4 ) Weed Wins Big In both Michigan and Massachusetts , where marijuana reform issues had prominent places on the ballot , reform scored bigger on Election Day than did the former toking president - elect .
Voters made Michigan the first Midwestern state ( 13th in all ) to legalize medi- pot for ill patients with 63 % of the vote , 6 points more than went to Obama .
In Massachusetts , 65 % of voters approved a measure to decriminalize adult possession of up to an ounce of pot ; 62 % went for Obama .
Reformers say the big wins mean that pot reform is no longer a fringe issue .
5 ) Pot Arrests Peak ... Again
The War on Drugs hit another low in September with the FBI 's annual crime stats :
In 2007 , law enforcement agencies arrested 775,137 pot smokers for possession .
In contrast , police last year made a total of 597,447 arrests for all violent crimes – including murder , rape , and robbery .
6 ) And Walters Chases Unicorns
The FBI stats did n't impress drug czar John Wal­ters ( head of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy ) .
Last Septem­ber , he declared : " The fact is today , people do n't go to jail for possession of marijuana . "
Finding someone in jail for first - time possession is like " finding a unicorn , " he said , and offered a steak dinner to anyone who proved him wrong .
Walters ' pronouncement unleashed a flood of online responses , including lists of folks who had , indeed , been to the pokey for first - time possession .
Steak still awaited .
7 ) Bogart Holder Although Obama has said he favors eliminating mandatory - minimum sentencing for nonviolent drug offenses , he disappointed many by tapping former Clinton - era Department of Justice No. 2 Eric Holder to become attorney general .
While U.S. attorney for D.C. , Holder advocated increased penalties for pot possession and sought to make pot-selling a felony .
Under Holder 's ( defeated ) 1996 plan , a first - time pot offender would 've received an 18 - month sentence , while possession with intent to distribute would 've netted five years .
What position he 'll take as attorney general on drug prosecutions – and on pot -law enforcement in medi - pot states – remains to be seen .
8 ) Supremes Leave Medi-Pot Alone The U.S. Supreme Court in December refused to hear the appeal of a California court ruling concluding that federal pot prohibition does not pre-empt the state 's medi- pot law .
The 2007 ruling came for a Garden Grove man who was charged with pot possession even though he was a registered medi- pot patient .
The charge was dismissed , but the police refused to return his seized pot – the court ordered the police to return the stash under state law .
The Supremes allowed that interpretation to stand – which should help strengthen enforcement of the medi-mari laws in 13 states where it is legal .
9 ) U.S. Ranks First in Drug Use We 're No. 1 !
Even before the Summer Olympics , the U.S. was already taking home the gold – for drug use .
When it comes to tobacco , pot , and cocaine , the U.S. far outpaces the rest of the world , the World Health Organization reported in June in the first cross-national drug-use study .
According to the report , 42 % of Americans said they 'd smoked pot – far outpacing even the Netherlands , at 19.8 % .
The U.S. also took the gold for coke use , with 16.2 % of respondents having tried the drug – New Zealand came in a distant second at 4.3 % .
10 ) John Forté Granted Clemency In Novem­ber , President George W. Bush granted clemency for hip - hop artist John Forté , sentenced in 2001 under mandatory - minimum sentencing to 14 years for cocaine possession .
Forté was tapped for possession with intent to distribute about $ 1.4 million in liquid cocaine , of which he insisted he was unaware .
With the help of Carly Simon ( with whom Forté has performed ) and Sen. Orrin Hatch , R - Utah ( a prolific songwriter ) , Bush agreed to release him .
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1 I2P release 0.7.1 =====================
The 0.7.1 release optimizes I2P towards better performance and introduces new features .
Multiple bugs are fixed , replacements to the SimpleTimer class should waste less time on object locking .
Some old components are dropped and several classes refactored to avoid repeating code .
Support for encrypted LeaseSets ( for creation of links over I2P which an adversary cannot obstruct by attacking its gateways ) becomes more complete .
New tunnel types like IRC server tunnels and new options like delayed start and idling of tunnels also gain support , along with improved usability of the I2P Socks proxy mechanism .
Work continues on streamlining and expanding the Router Console , on the BOB protocol , on I2P ports for Debian and Slackware Linux , on the I2PSnark client , on TCP connection properties and multiple other fronts .
Updating is highly recommended .
As customary , for people who do n't have the option of checking GPG signatures , supplied below are the SHA1 hashes of released files : 16fd61d0d00f96af43b02e81234f56c648d41a1e i2 pheadless-0.7.1.tar.bz2 e06edca6391eba5bfac31bfd1cd4b9155a82d4b5 i2 pinstall-0.7.1.exe cabb2725ccd666d0bbbf344823ff9f62cb9e477d i2psource-0.7.1.tar.bz2 94e7678442aa37e2297830950c63e9e26f77de1f i2 pupdate-0.7.1.zip 4155b392a619c2c68c1e81d21c7558588818652d i2pupdate.sud
Best wishes , Complication .
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.9 ( GNU / Linux ) iEYEARECAAYFAknP3UQACgkQ+h38a3n8zjNTwwCcCBDoS6Lqz7rpuNFx4ilSO6fb 7DcAn1hXp0ENXXR1wpfnodKjXRgFNYc1
=BBsy -----END PGP SIGNATURE -----
Three years ago , Tom Foremski wrote an interesting piece called “ Adapt or die -- the choice facing the open source movement “ , which began :
Can Larry Ellison be stopped ?
By which I mean could Oracle shut down the fledgling open - source software movement through a series of acquisitions ??
Consider this :
This week , ( not ) coincidentally with the open source conference at the Argent Hotel in San Francisco , Oracle announced the acquisition of Sleepycat , an up and coming open source database ; MYSQL said Oracle tried to buy it ; and industry insiders are saying the acquisition of JBoss by Oracle is imminent .
In one fell swoop , Oracle has drawn a square around the most active and interesting parts of the open source movement -- the databases and tools .
These are the platforms for applications .
Applications are just skins on the database -- if you own the database ( Oracle ) or access to the data ( Net Apps ) you are in the sweet spot .
It concluded :
I 'll say it again :
In one fell swoop Oracle drew a square around the open source movement and unless it can prove that it can remain independent -- it is a dead movement .
Unless the open source movement reorganizes to meet this challenge it will dwindle and become an interesting footnote in the history of the computing industry .
Needless to say , I was n't too convinced by the argument .
Here 's a comment I wrote on the story :
I think it 's important to distinguish between the open source community and open source companies : you can buy the latter , not the former .
Mr Ellison could buy every open source company he likes , but he can't control the communities that support them : all they have to do is " fork " the code - start a new version - which will effectively render his investment worthless .
This ability to fork code - a central freedom of open source software - is what keeps the communities vibrant , and the companies honest .
At that time , this was a purely theoretical discussion , but with the acquisition of Sun and hence MySQL by Oracle , those points suddenly gain a new pertinence .
Someone else has been thinking about them , too – and it's someone who knows much and cares deeply about the open source project in question : Michael Widenius , founder and original developer of MySQL .
Here 's what he 's written :
I do n't think that anyone can own an open source project ; the projects are defined by the de-facto project leaders and the developers that are working on the project .
If the company loses the trust of these people , they can go away and fork the project and turn it the way they want to .
Sun 's acquisition of MySQL did not go smoothly ; most of the MySQL leaders ( both commercial and project ) have left Sun and the people who are left are sitting with their CV and ready to press send .
Oracle , not having the best possible reputation in the Open Source space , will have a hard time keeping the remaining MySQL people in the company or even working on the MySQL project .
Oracle will also have a hard time to ensure to the MySQL customers , community and users that it will keep MySQL " free and available for all " .
Now , Widenius probably knows the developers of MySQL better than anyone , and if he says that most have already left , and that those who have n't are about to depart , that 's probably correct .
This has major implications for MySQL , since it would leave the corporate side of the project hollowed out .
But as both Widenius and I emphasised , that does not mean the end of the project itself .
Indeed , Widenius is willing to get actively involved to ensure the latter lives on :
Here I see where Monty Program Ab , can play a significant role .
Since I left Sun , I have been working on making it to be for Sun what Fedora is for RedHat .
With Oracle now owning MySQL , I think that the need for an independent true Open Source entity for MySQL is even bigger than ever before .
The biggest threat to MySQL future is not Oracle per se , but that the MySQL talent at Sun will spread like the wind and go to a lot of different companies which will set the MySQL development and support back years .
I would not like to see this happen and I am doing everything I can do to keep this talent pool together ( after all , most of them are long time personal friends of mine ) .
I am prepared to hire or find a good home ( either at Monty Program Ab or close to it ) for all core MySQL personnel .
Here 's why that is noteworthy .
“ Pure ” open source projects like Fedora have always been set up alongside the commercial variants like Red Hat Enterprise by the company owning the copyrights on some or all of the code – Red Hat in this case .
That is , they are very much “ official ” complements to the commercial versions .
Widenius ' plan is daring , because it seems to hold out the prospect of a MySQL fork set up independently of the copyright owners , and irrespective of their wishes .
Under the GNU GPL , that 's certainly possible , but I do n't think it 's ever been tried before , certainly not on this scale and with such an important project .
It will be interesting to see whether Widenius is able to pull this off , and whether Oracle , or whoever ends up owning MySQL , decides to help or hinder the attempt .
There 's always been a tacit assumption that it's not really viable to take this route , because the open source company simply has too much of an advantage through its ownership of the copyright , and the fact that it can always incorporate any code produced by a fork into the commercial variants .
If this attempt to create a self - standing but quite separate version of MySQL succeeds , it could have major ramifications for all open source companies that think they own the project simply because they own the copyright of the code .
Follow me on Twitter @glynmoody .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Seventeen - year - old women should be able to buy the " morning - after pill " without a prescription within a few weeks , a government spokesman said Thursday .
Plan B , also called the morning - after pill , is intended to prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex .
The Food and Drug Administration announced Wednesday that the contraceptive will be available over the counter to 17 - year - olds , as it currently is for women 18 and older .
Agency spokesman George Strait said Thursday the approval process for the change will not take long .
" It 's likely to be weeks , rather than months or years before it 's approved , " he said .
The FDA just needs to review the label changes from the drug 's maker , Duramed , Strait said .
Once that 's done , the approval will be complete .
On March 23 , a federal court ordered that Plan B , an emergency contraception pill , be made available over the counter to those 17 and older , the agency said in a statement on its Web site .
The agency will not appeal that order , the statement said .
In the order , U.S. District Judge Edward Korman also asked the agency to consider whether the pill should be available to women of all ages without a prescription , saying that such a determination is best left to the expertise of the FDA rather than a federal district judge .
Watch more on the Plan B controversy »
And he rebuked the FDA for apparently departing from its own procedures with respect to making decisions on the pill 's over - the - counter status , noting the " unusual involvement of the White House in the Plan B decision - making process . "
The plaintiffs in the case presented " unrebutted evidence of the FDA 's lack of good faith " toward the application to switch Plan B from prescription to non-prescription use , the judge wrote .
" This lack of good faith is evidenced by , among other things , ( 1 ) repeated and unreasonable delays , pressure emanating from the White House , and the obvious connection between the confirmation process of two FDA commissioners and the timing of the FDA 's decisions ; and ( 2 ) significant departures from the FDA 's normal procedures and policies ... as compared to the review of other switch applications in the past 10 years , " Korman wrote .
In August 2006 , the FDA approved the sale of Plan B without a prescription to those 18 and older , but those 17 and under needed a prescription to obtain it .
But , the agency said in Wednesday 's statement , " in accordance with the court 's order , and consistent with the scientific findings since 2005 by the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , FDA sent a letter to the manufacturer of Plan B that the company may , upon submission and approval of an appropriate application , market Plan B without a prescription to women 17 years of age and older . "
" No useful purpose would be served by continuing to deprive 17 - year - olds access to Plan B without a prescription , " Korman wrote in his order .
" Indeed , the record shows that FDA officials and staff both agreed that 17 - year - olds can use Plan B safely without a prescription .
The FDA 's justification for this age restriction , that pharmacists would be unable to enforce the prescription requirement if the cutoff were age 17 , rather than 18 , lacks all credibility . "
Watch bloggers debate the merits of Plan B »
Planned Parenthood Federation of America President Cecile Richards said in a statement that the FDA 's announcement is " a strong statement to American women that their health comes before politics .
And that 's the way it should be .
This decision is common - sense policy that will help reduce the number of unintended pregnancies and protect the health and safety of all women . "
The morning - after pill -- made by Duramed , a subsidiary of Barr Pharmaceuticals -- is intended to prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex .
It works by stopping ovulation and decreasing the chances that a fertilized egg will attach to the uterus .
When used within 72 hours of unprotected sex , it can lower the risk of pregnancy by almost 90 percent , the maker says .
Some critics charge that the drug 's action amounts to an abortion , and opposed making it available over the counter .
Others expressed health concerns .
" Plan B is a high dose of birth control pills .
...
The FDA violated its standards when it made the high - dose Plan B available nonprescription to adults .
But now the FDA is making the drug available to minors without parental consent , " the Concerned Women for America , a Washington - based conservative Christian group , said Wednesday .
" Parents should be furious that the FDA is putting their minor daughters at risk , " the group said .
All About Food and Drug Administration • Plan B Contraceptive
What 's HOT this year ?
Goat YOGA !
Yes that 's right Goat Yoga !
We provide small friendly goats to enhance your yoga experience .
Have your instructor give us a call to set up the hottest trend in YOGA !
We also offer Fiesta BURROS also known as a " water " donkey at your event .
Great your guest with a friendly donkey and get in the mood set for your spectacular event .
Picture opportunities are boundless !
Back to school carnival , fall festival and Trunk or Treat Season is HERE !
We have great packages for your HOA Fall Festival , Halloween Party , School Carnival , Fall Church Festival Events , Trunk or Treat and Kiss the Pig Events as well .
We also offer other packages that are perfect for your indoor or outdoor event .
From cute cuddly critters to riding donkeys we can make your event exceptional !
The kids get to pet and feed the petting zoo animals for a fully interactive experience .
Pony rides and pony carousels are also VERY popular attractions for FAIT Events .
We provide gentle animals for many Plays and Productions .
For both indoor and outdoor events , we can provide donkeys , mini cows , mini goats , sheep , rabbits , cute mini piggy 's , chicks and ducks .
Our live animals bring life and realness to any play !
All events booked in March , April and October have a 2 hour minimum .
** We no longer service the City of Plano .
If your event is outside of Plano it would be our pleasure to be of service . **
About The Author Paul Andrew is a freelance Web designer .
He is chief admin for Speckyboy - Design Magazine , a Web design , Web development and graphic design resource blog .
More about Paul Andrew …
50 Twitter Tools and Tutorials For Designers and Developers
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Twitter appears on innumerable personal and professional websites nowadays , whether it is a simple “ Follow me ” badge in the header or a display of the author ’s latest tweets in the sidebar .
No longer a fad , Twitter is now a necessity for every website , not just for sharing your thoughts and keeping in touch with people , but also for marketing , advertising and even searching .
But you may be wondering , How can I make Twitter work the way I want on my website ?
Below , we present Twitter Web Designer and Developer Toolbox , API and Tutorials , a series of tutorials , links , references , libraries and plug-ins that will help you do everything you ’ve always wanted to do with Twitter .
Twitter Technology Blog
If you ’re writing an application for the Twitter API or just curious about the code , tools and practices , this blog has something for you .
Twitter API
Wiki home page Download the Twitter API here , and it ’s also a great reference for developers .
Twitter API Announcements - Google Groups
This website is updated only when changes to the Twitter API are released or there is a pending release .
Twitter Development Talk - Google Groups Discussion about the development and use of the Twitter API
Follow Twitter Development via Twitter Keep up to date with all news via Twitter .
Introduction to the Twitter API
Twitter API for Dummies
This is an easy - to - follow tutorial with several examples based on different Web technologies .
It has just enough for you to start your own Twitter project .
Using the Twitter API
This is an excellent introduction to using the Twitter API .
The API offers many different ways to connect to your details including XML , JSON , Atom and RSS .
This tutorial uses XML , PHP and cURL .
Get Started With the Twitter API
If you ’re looking to try out an API for the first time , Twitter ’s is a great one to start with .
Its API is simple and easy to use .
The only thing to keep in mind is that Twitter limits you to 70 requests per 60 - minute intervals , so remember to cache or otherwise store your results .
Getting Started with the Twitter API Twitter ’s API lets you read and write Twitter messages with minimal coding in nearly any programming language .
In fact , you can use this API without doing any programming .
A slightly more advanced tutorial than the previous three .
Building Your Website Around Twitter
Build Your Own Social Home !
Many of us have not only our own websites , but also Twitter , Flickr , ScrnShots and Facebook accounts , too .
This tutorial brings all of these together neatly on one page .
How to Create an RSS - Enabled Micro - Blog with Twitter Have you ever wanted to create a simple multi-person blog but did n’t want to bother setting up an entire WordPress installation ?
If so , this tutorial is for you .
By combining Twitter Search , Atom feeds , hash - tags and PHP , you can create an RSS - enabled , micro - blog using Twitter and be up and running in less than 10 minutes .
How to Make a Unique Website for Your Twitter Updates Twitter offer a little JavaScript widget that automatically uses the API and returns simple HTML of your recent tweets .
This tutorial shows you how to design a unique website for your Twitter updates using this widget .
How to Build a Maintainable Website Using CushyCMS and Twitter
In this tutorial , you build a simple one - page website and then , in less than 5 minutes , set it up with a Twitter feed for daily updates and with CushyCMS for general content .
Send Message from a PHP Page Using the Twitter API
This is a very simple tutorial ( really just a few lines of codes ! ) that explains how to post a message using the Twitter API from a PHP page .
How to Run Multiple Twitter Feeds on the Same Page
What if you want to display the Twitter feed of someone you admire or perhaps the feed of another author on your blog ?
This tutorial shows you how .
Add Twitter to Your Blog ( step by step )
This is a simple but great tutorial : a “ step - by - step guide to adding Twitter to your blog without it hanging your website ” .
Great description .
Scripting Twitter with cURL cURL is a versatile command - line utility designed to script Web page interactions .
As a little demo , this tutorial shows you how to use it to easily to overcome the shortcomings of Twitter ’s API .
You can also view the Perl + LWP version of this tutorial here : Scripting Twitter with Perl + LWP
PHP + Twitter + Google Calendar + SMS
This tutorial shows you how to add an event to Google Calendar by text message .
It shows you how to hook up your Twitter account to Google Calendar using their APIs .
TwitterZoid PHP Script TwitterZoid is the name of this PHP script for parsing Twitter RSS feeds .
This tutorial shows you how to successfully implement this .
Twitter and AJAX Tutorials
Tweet !
Unobtrusive jQuery Twitter Widget Tutorial
Tweet is an unobtrusive , fast - loading , feature - rich jQuery plug - in that lets you easily display your tweets on your website .
j Query Plug - in for Twitter
This is a simple , unobtrusive and customizable client - side method for easily embedding a Twitter feed on a Web page .
From Coda , you know it ’s going to be smooth .
View demo here .
PHP and Ajax with the Twitter API
This tutorial shows you how to use jQuery , PHP and a little AJAX to connect to the Twitter API and return results .
Authenticating Twitter API Calls with PHP and jQuery
In this tutorial , you are shown how to authenticate the API calls to your Twitter credentials ( to be able to return your favorites ) .
Twitter Followers Counter Tutorial
Here , you are taught how to create your very own Twitter counter , showing how many followers you have .
View demo here .
Juitter - jQuery Plug - In to Put Twitter Live on your Website Juitter is a small and fast - loading plug - in .
It not only shows tweets to or from a user , but can be filtered to show tweets containing a specific word or restrict searches by language .
You can also show avatars , which makes this jQuery plug - in quite unique .
View demo here .
Twitter Emulation , Using MooTools 1.2 and PHP
What most people probably do n’t know is how simple it is to emulate Twitter ’s functionality .
Using PHP , MySQL and MooTools JavaScript , you can implement a Twitter - like status system in no time .
Sidebar , Widgets and Badges
Create a Twitter Box in Your Sidebar
In this tutorial , you ’ll learn how to easily create a fancy box that displays your latest Twitter rants in your sidebar , without having to turn to clunky plug-ins that bog down your blog .
How to Create Your Own Twitter WP Plug - In
In this tutorial , you will be shown how to write a simple widget to allow your readers to share your posts on their Twitter accounts .
How to Display Your Twitter Status Message in a Speech Bubble Display your latest tweet in a nice speech bubble .
It can be a pain in the neck creating this with pure CSS and images , so this tutorial will help .
A nice effect .
Unobtrusive , Lazy - Loading Badge Using the Twitter API
A Resizable CSS - Based Twitter Website Badge
If you find the official Twitter badges too big and clunky , then this tutorial is for you .
Display your latest tweet in a neat CSS - designed widget that resizes depending on the size of your tweet .
Custom Twitter Badge Tutorial CSS
If you ’re struggling to get Twitter to suit your website , then this tutorial will show you how to customize the different elements and create your own Twitter badge .
View demo here .
Building My Own Twitter Badge with RSS
In this tutorial , you will make your own Twitter badge with PHP by reading the RSS feed that Twitter provides .
The default Twitter badge uses script tags that do not display when a user has JavaScript disabled .
This code will render no matter what and still displays links and the names of tweeters .
Official Twitter Badges Display your latest updates with a customized widget ( or “ badge ” ) from Twitter itself .
30 + Twitter Icons And Badges
A large collection of Twitter badges , buttons and icons , available for free download .
Building a Twitter Application
How to Build Your First Flash Twitter Mash - Up in Four Lines of Code !
Build a Twitter mash - up in four lines of code ?
That ’s all you need , according to this tutorial , to get the latest public timeline updates from Twitter into Flash .
Twitter Client for Android A tutorial showing how to create a Twitter client for Android ( i.e. how to make XML - over - HTTP calls ) .
Building an Application with the Twitter API Twitter API libraries are available for most popular programming languages , and they ’re opening up new possibilities for publishing information .
In this tutorial , you will use a short Python script to create tweets when the Dow Jones Industrial Average ( or any stock or index you like ) makes a big jump .
How to Build a Twitter Agent
In this article , you will build a useful Twitter service to track the blogosphere .
Building Your Own Twitter Client with Fluid and jQuery Here , you will learn how to build your own Twitter client using Fluid ( which contains Web apps in their own process / window ) , to see if it is possible to build a completely open - source , ad - free Twitter - like client on a single Web page , using only JavaScript and HTML .
Twitter Libraries of Note
TwitterScript ( Actionscript )
This is an ActionScript 3.0 library for accessing Twitter ’s APIs .
This was originally code from Twitter , but it is being open sourced so that it can be maintained and kept current .
QTwitLib( C++)
QTwitLib is currently in a functioning stage , which allows a user to make calls to the library , which in turn makes POST / GET requests to Twitter and returns a message and status code for the action request .
java - twitter ( Java ) A Java wrapper around the Twitter API .
jtwitter ( Java ) JTwitter is a small library providing easy access to the Twitter API .
Set and get your status , manage your network of friends , message friends , etc .
My Twitter ( PHP )
This class can be used to set and retrieve a Twitter user status .
TwitterLibPHP ( PHP )
An object - oriented PHP interface for the Twitter API .
PHP Twitter ( PHP ) A Twitter class for PHP , forked , modified and enhanced .
PHP Twitter ( PHP ) PHP Twitter is a ( wrapper ) class for communicating with the Twitter API .
python - twitter ( Python ) A Python wrapper around the Twitter API .
twitty - twister ( Python ) A twisted client for Twitter - like APIs .
You may want to take a look at the following related posts :
Advertisements
Even though the unemployment rate rose from 8.1 % to 8.4 % over the past month last night the Senate passed a $ 250 billion amendment to slash the estate tax for multimillionaire estates .
Ten Democrats joined with Republicans to add the amendment to the Obama budget .
It is no shock that these 10 Dems are now trying to pretend like the vote did n’t happen .
The amendment sponsored by John Kyl ( R - AZ ) and Blanche Lincoln ( D - AR ) raised the minimum amount of taxable inheritance from $ 7 million for couples and $ 3.5 million for individuals to $ 10 million .
It also slashed the tax from 45 % - 35 % .
Not surprisingly , 9 of the 10 Democrats of shame hailed from conservative states .
The 10 were Baucus ( D - MT ) , Bayh ( D - IN ) , Cantwell ( D - WA ) , Landrieu ( D - LA ) , Lincoln ( D - AR ) , Murray ( D - WA ) , Nelson ( D - FL ) , Nelson ( D - NE ) , Pryor ( D - AR ) , Tester ( D - MT ) .
A recent New York Times editorial pointed out that under the current law 99.8 % of people did n’t pay the estate tax .
I thought that maybe these ten Democrats could be explained by election politics , but only Lincoln , Murray , and Bayh are up for reelection next year and all three are considered to be extremely safe .
Of the remaining 7 , only Sen. Nelson of Florida , and Sen. Cantwell of Washington are from states that Barack Obama carried in 2008 .
Not surprisingly , Bayh put out a statement that defended his vote against the Obama budget which he called to expensive , but he did n’t mention his support of an amendment that will cost the Treasury $ 250 billion .
Advertisements
In Sen. Patty Murray ’s statement , the only inheritance she referred to were the inherited challenges facing Democrats .
She also talked about giving the middle class a break , “ We ’ve tried it the other way .
It ’s time to invest in America again .
It ’s time to give the middle class a break .
It ’s time for honesty .
And it ’s time to make bold decisions .
This budget – while not perfect – invests in our future and begins to get us back on track . ”
None of these Democrats made mention of their pro-multimillionaire vote on their
websites or in their statements about the budget , it is almost like they do n’t want the voters in their districts to know about their vote .
There was no possible good logic that these Democrats can deploy to defend this vote in this economy .
It is n’t as if the estate tax is the biggest problem in the tax code , or this was a plague infecting middle class .
I am sure that the multi-millionaires would have somehow muddled through in this economy .
This was a disgraceful and reality detached vote that deserves to be called out .
( h/t : Think Progress )
Merusk
Posts : 27447
Badge Whore
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 27447 Reply # 1 on : December 12 , 2008 , 04:11:14 PM
I can't say I disagree with the assessment .
Ed 12/23 : The Times fails on all kinds of levels here .
Wow .
« Last Edit : December 23 , 2008 , 10:13:32 PM by Merusk »
The past can not be changed .
The future is yet within your power .
Ingmar
Posts : 19280
Auto Assault Affectionado
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 19280 Reply # 2 on : December 12 , 2008 , 04:23:18 PM
What a bunch of crap ( he said while posting from work ... )
The Transcendent One : AH ... THE ROGUE CONSTRUCT .
Nordom : Sense of closure : imminent .
Hawkbit
Posts : 5391
Like a Klansman in the ghetto .
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 5391 Reply # 3 on : December 12 , 2008 , 04:24:29 PM
Generally , I do n't tell people that I game on a computer .
I usually chat with people irl about consoles and their games , but there has always been a stigma about PC gamers that sticks wtih people .
It 's like telling them you 're into BDSM or something ... once they know they 'll always look at you differently .
It sounds stupid , but it 's the truth .
Nebu
Posts : 17613
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 17613 Reply # 4 on : December 12 , 2008 , 04:31:49 PM
If they were smart , they 'd avoid people in fantasy leagues too .
" Always do what is right .
It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other . "
- Mark Twain
Lucas
Posts : 3283
Further proof that Italians have suspect taste in games .
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 3283 Reply # 5 on : December 12 , 2008 , 04:35:05 PM
Quote from : Hawkbit on December 12 , 2008 , 04:24:29 PM
It 's like telling them you 're into BDSM or something ... once they know they 'll always look at you differently .
It sounds stupid , but it 's the truth .
Hehe , yes : in the past , I tried to speak with some of my close friends ( none of them is into gaming ) about videogames , and when I tell them I still play regularly , try out different gaming genres and stuff , * that * look starts surfacing on their faces and it ends with : " yeah , but c'mon , that is kids ' stuff , I sure played them but I stopped when I was around twelve , you need to grow up ! " .
Alright .
Hehe , yes : in the past , I tried to speak with some of my close friends ( none of them is into gaming ) about videogames , and when I tell them I still play regularly , try out different gaming genres and stuff , * that * look starts surfacing on their faces and it ends with : " yeah , but c'mon , that is kids ' stuff , I sure played them but I stopped when I was around twelve , you need to grow up ! " .
Alright . "
He 's so impatient , it 's like watching a teenager fuck a glorious older woman . "
- Ironwood on J.J. Abrams
sam , an eggplant Terracotta Army
Posts : 1518
Reply # 6 on : December 12 , 2008 , 05:14:44 PM
Shrug .
They recently fired someone with a MMO addiction .
It doubtless impacted his performance at work .
I conduct interviews and hire / fire all the time and I do n't ask ( or care ) what people do when they 're not working .
It 's none of my business so long as it does n't impact their performance , and I have n't seen anything to indicate that MMOs are worse than spending all your money / time on filthy streetwalkers ( " setting up whore websites for freebies " ) , smoking a shitton of pot , or singing in a church choir .
Actually the choir guy was the worst , because the fucker kept asking to leave early to make rehersals .
I liked the whoremonger and pothead while the churchmonkey , umm , decided to quit .
« Last Edit : December 12 , 2008 , 05:16:37 PM
by sam , an eggplant »
Rasix
Posts : 14705
I am the harbinger of your doom !
ModeratorPosts : 14705 Reply # 8 on : December 12 , 2008 , 05:27:27 PM
Quote from : Lucas on December 12 , 2008 , 04:35:05 PM
Quote from : Hawkbit on December 12 , 2008 , 04:24:29 PM
It 's like telling them you 're into BDSM or something ... once they know they 'll always look at you differently .
It sounds stupid , but it 's the truth .
Hehe , yes : in the past , I tried to speak with some of my close friends ( none of them is into gaming ) about videogames , and when I tell them I still play regularly , try out different gaming genres and stuff , * that * look starts surfacing on their faces and it ends with : " yeah , but c'mon , that is kids ' stuff , I sure played them but I stopped when I was around twelve , you need to grow up ! " .
Alright .
Hehe , yes : in the past , I tried to speak with some of my close friends ( none of them is into gaming ) about videogames , and when I tell them I still play regularly , try out different gaming genres and stuff , * that * look starts surfacing on their faces and it ends with : " yeah , but c'mon , that is kids ' stuff , I sure played them but I stopped when I was around twelve , you need to grow up ! " .
Alright .
Say anything other than Madden , Halo , or " the Wii " and most people will look at you like you 've got some sort of contagious nerd super - flu .
I do n't even mention MMOs .
Those creep out even the few " gamers " I know at work .
I 've had some people that know I play MMOs talk to me about WoW due to its cultural relevance .
It 's mostly in hushed tones and away from other people like they 're buying weed off me or something .
Most people are going to have things that make them shitty hires .
It 's called vetting and people management .
Try it !
Say anything other than Madden , Halo , or " the Wii " and most people will look at you like you 've got some sort of contagious nerd super - flu .
I do n't even mention MMOs .
Those creep out even the few " gamers " I know at work .
I 've had some people that know I play MMOs talk to me about WoW due to its cultural relevance .
It 's mostly in hushed tones and away from other people like they 're buying weed off me or something .
Most people are going to have things that make them shitty hires .
It 's called vetting and people management .
Try it !
- Rasix
Ingmar
Posts : 19280
Auto Assault Affectionado
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 19280 Reply # 9 on : December 12 , 2008 , 05:31:58 PM
Quote from : Rasix on December 12 , 2008 , 05:27:27 PM
Quote from : Lucas on December 12 , 2008 , 04:35:05 PM
Quote from : Hawkbit on December 12 , 2008 , 04:24:29 PM
It 's like telling them you 're into BDSM or something ... once they know they 'll always look at you differently .
It sounds stupid , but it 's the truth .
Hehe , yes : in the past , I tried to speak with some of my close friends ( none of them is into gaming ) about videogames , and when I tell them I still play regularly , try out different gaming genres and stuff , * that * look starts surfacing on their faces and it ends with : " yeah , but c'mon , that is kids ' stuff , I sure played them but I stopped when I was around twelve , you need to grow up ! " .
Alright .
Hehe , yes : in the past , I tried to speak with some of my close friends ( none of them is into gaming ) about videogames , and when I tell them I still play regularly , try out different gaming genres and stuff , * that * look starts surfacing on their faces and it ends with : " yeah , but c'mon , that is kids ' stuff , I sure played them but I stopped when I was around twelve , you need to grow up ! " .
Alright .
Say anything other than Madden , Halo , or " the Wii " and most people will look at you like you 've got some sort of contagious nerd super - flu .
I do n't even mention MMOs .
Those creep out even the few " gamers " I know at work .
I 've had some people that know I play MMOs talk to me about WoW due to its cultural relevance .
It 's mostly in hushed tones and away from other people like they 're buying weed off me or something .
Say anything other than Madden , Halo , or " the Wii " and most people will look at you like you 've got some sort of contagious nerd super - flu .
I do n't even mention MMOs .
Those creep out even the few " gamers " I know at work .
I 've had some people that know I play MMOs talk to me about WoW due to its cultural relevance .
It 's mostly in hushed tones and away from other people like they 're buying weed off me or something .
At least it is n't D&D ?
At least it is n't D&D ? The Transcendent One : AH ... THE ROGUE CONSTRUCT .
Nordom : Sense of closure : imminent .
NiX
Posts : 7770
Locomotive Pandamonium
Wiki AdminPosts : 7770 Reply # 10 on : December 12 , 2008 , 05:53:58 PM
Up here that would be a very terrible thing to say to a candidate .
Discrimination for the win .
Teleku
Posts : 10276
https://i.imgur.com/mcj5kz7.png
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 10276 Reply # 11 on : December 12 , 2008 , 06:33:56 PM
.
He only said WoW because thats the big name one that everybody and their mother plays .
The basic jist though is " Do n't hire people who play MMO'S " .
Which I 'm not sure I can disagree with based on the reasoning they are applying " My great - grandfather did not travel across four thousand miles of the Atlantic Ocean to see this nation overrun by immigrants .
He did it because he killed a man back in Ireland .
That 's the rumor . "
- Stephen Colbert
Ghambit
Posts : 5575
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 5575 Reply # 12 on : December 12 , 2008 , 06:40:04 PM
Seriously though ; at least when hiring gamerz you know where and what your workers are doing .
It 's sort of like having a pseudo - RFID tag on everyone , which I find empowering ( plus zombies make good slaves ) .
I 've found that " normal folk " tend to phuck up WAAAY worse when they 've got nothing to do with their time except work .
So no , he 's not right .
Not by a longshot .
Quote from : sam , an eggplant on December 12 , 2008 , 05:14:44 PM
I conduct interviews and hire / fire all the time and I do n't ask ( or care ) what people do when they 're not working .
It 's none of my business so long as it does n't impact their performance , and I have n't seen anything to indicate that MMOs are worse than spending all your money / time on filthy streetwalkers ( " setting up whore websites for freebies " ) , smoking a shitton of pot , or singing in a church choir .
Actually the choir guy was the worst , because the fucker kept asking to leave early to make rehersals .
I liked the whoremonger and pothead while the churchmonkey , umm , decided to quit .
exactly
If I had a company of my own I 'd probably only HIRE PC gamers , and probably give the MMO peeps management positions .
Seriously though ; at least when hiring gamerz you know where and what your workers are doing .
It 's sort of like having a pseudo - RFID tag on everyone , which I find empowering ( plus zombies make good slaves ) .
I 've found that " normal folk " tend to phuck up WAAAY worse when they 've got nothing to do with their time except work .
So no , he 's not right .
Not by a longshot .
exactly « Last Edit : December 12 , 2008 , 06:42:21 PM
by Ghambit » " See , the beauty of webgames is that I can play them on my phone while I 'm plowing your mom . "
- Samwise
Ratman_tf
Posts : 3818
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 3818 Reply # 13 on : December 12 , 2008 , 06:47:00 PM
My gaming habits come up in interviews since I 'm into testing .
But I 'm wondering why anyone would bring up WoW in any other kind of job interview ?
Most people probably do n't even understand what they hell you'd be talking about .
I DPS for DKP on teh mobs , lol !
" What I 'm saying is you should make friends with a few catasses , they smell funny but they 're very helpful . "
- Calantus makes the best of a smelly situation .
" What I 'm saying is you should make friends with a few catasses , they smell funny but they 're very helpful . " - Calantus makes the best of a smelly situation .
Ghambit
Posts : 5575
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 5575 Reply # 14 on : December 12 , 2008 , 07:30:22 PM
Quote from : Ratman_tf on December 12 , 2008 , 06:47:00 PM
My gaming habits come up in interviews since I 'm into testing .
But I 'm wondering why anyone would bring up WoW in any other kind of job interview ?
Most people probably do n't even understand what they hell you'd be talking about .
I DPS for DKP on teh mobs , lol !
Kinda sad that most managers dont know what WoW is , given the share they 've got of our GDP and how successful their business model was / is .
Ironically , the only businesses that seem to be working lately are drugs , oil , and WoW in the USA .
Naturally , all 3 are pretty well hated - on , but all 3 still go strong .
Kinda sad that most managers dont know what WoW is , given the share they 've got of our GDP and how successful their business model was / is .
Ironically , the only businesses that seem to be working lately are drugs , oil , and WoW in the USA .
Naturally , all 3 are pretty well hated - on , but all 3 still go strong .
" See , the beauty of webgames is that I can play them on my phone while I 'm plowing your mom . "
- Samwise
Tale
Posts : 8021
sıɥʇ ǝʞıן sʞןɐ ʇ
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 8021 Reply # 15 on : December 12 , 2008 , 08:07:19 PM
Quote from : Teleku on December 12 , 2008 , 06:33:56 PM .
He only said WoW because thats the big name one that everybody and their mother plays .
The basic jist though is " Do n't hire people who play MMO'S " .
Which I 'm not sure I can disagree with based on the reasoning they are applying
But the genre is unknown outside gaming circles .
In most people 's minds , WoW is a kind of game , not a kind of MMO .
It is the first game of its type that most people are aware of , and that 's if they 've even heard of WoW at all .
That 's why he only said WoW .
Quote from : Ratman_tf on December 12 , 2008 , 06:47:00 PM
My gaming habits come up in interviews since I 'm into testing .
But I 'm wondering why anyone would bring up WoW in any other kind of job interview ?
Most people probably do n't even understand what they hell you'd be talking about .
I DPS for DKP on teh mobs , lol !
Correct .
I did not specifically bring it up .
But it was n't a job interview , we were just doing lunch .
He had a new iPhone 3G , we started talking technology and games , and I happened to mention I considered myself to have played too many online games several years ago .
When I said " the ones that came before World of Warcraft " , he had heard of WoW so he told me what employers had told him about its players .
And I thought " I 'll post that on f13 " .
If I had a reason to bring something like that up in an interview , it would be to demonstrate my broad awareness of what 's going on culturally .
My employability in online media is partly based on having been an oldschool internet user .
It gives me a bigger bag of tricks to engage today 's online users and make them click on stuff .
So having done the MMO addiction thing and got out before most of today 's WoW players got in , I might have some insight into " what the kids are doing " .
But that 's not a particularly strong thing to bring up , especially as WoW players are probably too busy to click on my content .
( edit - whew - post restored via Google cache after accidental edit )
But the genre is unknown outside gaming circles .
In most people 's minds , WoW is a kind of game , not a kind of MMO .
It is the first game of its type that most people are aware of , and that 's if they 've even heard of WoW at all .
That 's why he only said WoW.
Correct .
I did not specifically bring it up .
But it was n't a job interview , we were just doing lunch .
He had a new iPhone 3G , we started talking technology and games , and I happened to mention I considered myself to have played too many online games several years ago .
When I said " the ones that came before World of Warcraft " , he had heard of WoW so he told me what employers had told him about its players .
And I thought " I 'll post that on f13 " .
If I had a reason to bring something like that up in an interview , it would be to demonstrate my broad awareness of what 's going on culturally .
My employability in online media is partly based on having been an oldschool internet user .
It gives me a bigger bag of tricks to engage today 's online users and make them click on stuff .
So having done the MMO addiction thing and got out before most of today 's WoW players got in , I might have some insight into " what the kids are doing " .
But that 's not a particularly strong thing to bring up , especially as WoW players are probably too busy to click on my content .
« Last Edit : December 16 , 2008 , 02:07:50 PM by Tale »
Slyfeind
Posts : 2037
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 2037 Reply # 16 on : December 12 , 2008 , 08:37:00 PM
Those darn kids , next thing you know they 'll be hanging in pool halls , and saying things like " sure " and " swell ! "
( The ladies gasp and swoon ) " Ooooooo ! "
We got trouble !
( Trouble ! Trouble ! )
Right here in River City !
( Right here in River City ! )
With a capital T and that rhymes with P and that stands for pool !
THAT STANDS FOR POOL !
I SAY YOUR YOUNG MEN WILL BE FRITTERIN AWAY !!!!11 FUCKING FRITTEREN OMFG WATCHTHETAIL50DKPMINUS111 !!!!!!
11111 " Role playing in an MMO is more like an open orchestra with no conductor , anyone of any skill level can walk in at any time , and everyone brings their own instrument and plays whatever song they want .
Then toss PvP into the mix and things REALLY get ugly ! "
- Count Nerfedalot
Numtini
Posts : 7675
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 7675 Reply # 17 on : December 12 , 2008 , 08:47:20 PM
I tend to not be obsessed by money though that is tempered by always being lucky enough to end up with enough .
But really ?
I would n't want a job with a company like that .
Life is too short .
If you can read this , you 're on a board populated by misogynist assholes .
angry.bob
Posts : 5442
We 're no strangers to love .
You know the rules and so do I .
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 5442 Reply # 20 on : December 13 , 2008 , 01:25:34 AM
Quote from : Nebu on December 12 , 2008 , 04:31:49 PM
If they were smart , they 'd avoid people in fantasy leagues too .
Supertruth .
Fantasy Leagues are a fucking blight upon all of mankind .
Every IT shop I 've worked in , people have spent the bulk of their day fucking around on the web with their teams and looking up stats for trades or whatever stupid shit you do with those things .
Even though sports fans are usually far more retarded about their mancrush obsession than videogamers are , it 's a " normal " obsession .
When I point out that videogamers at least interact with their medium and most sports enthusiasts pay tons of money to sit on their ass doing nothing but eating shit food while they pretend they 're the " XXth player " on the team when in reality no one on the team really gives a fuck about the city they " represent " in some quasi- tribal pseudo warfare , they just shrug and go back to trying to find player 's medical reports or whatever .
I will make the qualification that despite the universally low quality of professional athletes , Lebron James is constantly doing really great things here in Akron locally and seems to have a strong sense of connection to the city , especially to children 's causes .
I 'm glad I changed my mind at the last minute about running onto the court when he was in high school and beating on his knees and hips with a claw hammer .
Supertruth .
Fantasy Leagues are a fucking blight upon all of mankind .
Every IT shop I 've worked in , people have spent the bulk of their day fucking around on the web with their teams and looking up stats for trades or whatever stupid shit you do with those things .
Even though sports fans are usually far more retarded about their mancrush obsession than videogamers are , it 's a " normal " obsession .
When I point out that videogamers at least interact with their medium and most sports enthusiasts pay tons of money to sit on their ass doing nothing but eating shit food while they pretend they 're the " XXth player " on the team when in reality no one on the team really gives a fuck about the city they " represent " in some quasi- tribal pseudo warfare , they just shrug and go back to trying to find player 's medical reports or whatever .
I will make the qualification that despite the universally low quality of professional athletes , Lebron James is constantly doing really great things here in Akron locally and seems to have a strong sense of connection to the city , especially to children 's causes .
I 'm glad I changed my mind at the last minute about running onto the court when he was in high school and beating on his knees and hips with a claw hammer .
Wovon man nicht sprechen kann , darüber muß man schweigen .
Murgos
Posts : 7474
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 7474 Reply # 22 on : December 13 , 2008 , 09:21:59 AM
My office is very nerd - centric .
Many people actually know what WoW is and it's not hard to find someone actively playing , usually because they are surfing WoW forums all day .
However , you can start a fantasy sports conversation with anyone .
" You have all recieved youre last warning .
I am in the process of currently tracking all of youre ips and pinging your home adressess .
you should not have commencemed a war with me " - Aaron Rayburn
FatuousTwat
Posts : 2223
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 2223 Reply # 24 on : December 13 , 2008 , 05:29:19 PM
I spend most of my free time either gaming or reading sci- fi or fantasy .
So , pretty much nothing to bring up in any social situation , unless I want a bunch of morons staring at me .
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ?
Malakili
Posts : 10596
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 10596 Reply # 25 on : December 13 , 2008 , 05:29:52 PM
Quote from : Slyfeind on December 12 , 2008 , 08:37:00 PM
Those darn kids , next thing you know they 'll be hanging in pool halls , and saying things like " sure " and " swell ! "
( The ladies gasp and swoon ) " Ooooooo ! "
We got trouble !
( Trouble ! Trouble ! )
Right here in River City !
( Right here in River City ! )
With a capital T and that rhymes with P and that stands for pool !
THAT STANDS FOR POOL !
I SAY YOUR YOUNG MEN WILL BE FRITTERIN AWAY !!!!11 FUCKING FRITTEREN OMFG WATCHTHETAIL50DKPMINUS111 !!!!!!
11111
This just made my entire day better .
This just made my entire day better .
Tale
Posts : 8021
sıɥʇ ǝʞıן sʞןɐ ʇ
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 8021 Reply # 26 on : December 13 , 2008 , 09:22:42 PM
Quote from : Slyfeind on December 12 , 2008 , 08:37:00 PM
Those darn kids , next thing you know they 'll be hanging in pool halls , and saying things like " sure " and " swell ! "
( The ladies gasp and swoon ) " Ooooooo ! "
We got trouble !
( Trouble ! Trouble ! )
Right here in River City !
( Right here in River City ! )
With a capital T and that rhymes with P and that stands for pool !
THAT STANDS FOR POOL !
I SAY YOUR YOUNG MEN WILL BE FRITTERIN AWAY !!!!11 FUCKING FRITTEREN OMFG WATCHTHETAIL50DKPMINUS111 !!!!!!
11111
Yeah , I meant to say , that was awesome .
Yeah , I meant to say , that was awesome .
Tale
Posts : 8021
sıɥʇ ǝʞıן sʞןɐ ʇ
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 8021 Reply # 27 on : December 13 , 2008 , 09:24:34 PM
Quote from : Tarami on December 13 , 2008 , 05:22:31 PM
I can't say I disagree .
I would n't have hired me in 2006 .
Would you hire you now ?
I mean , has it made you less employable for life ?
Or did you go back to being as employable as before , or more so ?
Would you hire you now ?
I mean , has it made you less employable for life ?
Or did you go back to being as employable as before , or more so ?
sam , an eggplant Terracotta Army
Posts : 1518
Reply # 29 on : December 13 , 2008 , 11:47:26 PM
Shrug .
Everybody does something when they 're not working .
Just as an example , ( and to be clear I do not do this , it 's very illegal ) I would love to avoid hiring married people with young children .
Nothing sucks more time than kids , and children are always prioritized over work .
I 've had major problems with parents in the past .
Major , major problems .
If it were n't illegal , I 'd hire the unkempt surly gamer with a neckbeard over the married professional guy with a lovely wife and infant at home any day of the week .
Any day , any way .
If only it were possible .
I also would n't hire anyone over 50 , women , or cripples .
Old people leave at 4:59:59.999 , women get married and quit working or take long maternity leaves or sue your ass for harassment , and no matter what they may think , being unable to hobble with that crutch faster than 0.4MPH does impair your ability to do a white collar job , Quasimodo .
But hey , all illegal .
sinij
Posts : 2597
Terracotta ArmyPosts : 2597 Reply # 30 on : December 14 , 2008 , 04:45:06 AM
Just like I would n't talk with anyone who is not involved in it about my sex life , I would n't discuss my gaming habits .
For example I would n't discuss WoW at my BDSM meets , they would think I am a pervert .
« Last Edit : December 14 , 2008 , 04:52:57 AM
by sinij » Eternity is a very long time , especially towards the end .
Julien Coupat , 34 ans , présenté comme le chef d’un groupe soupçonné d’avoir saboté des lignes TGV à l’automne 2008 , est sorti jeudi après - midi en catimini de la prison de la Santé après plus de six mois de détention .
Peu après 17 heures , une Peugeot bleue break , conduite par une femme seule , est entrée avant de ressortir par une issue située à l’arrière de la maison d’arrêt de la Santé .
Une vingtaine de minutes plus tard , un policier a confirmé aux journalistes que Coupat se trouvait dans le coffre .
Interdiction de sortir d'Ile - de - France
Coupat s’est vu imposé un contrôle judiciaire qui comporte notamment le versement d’une caution de 16.000 euros et impose qu’il demeure chez lui à Montreuil ( Seine - Saint - Denis ) ou chez ses parents à Rueil - Malmaison ( Hauts - de - Seine ) .
Le contrôle judiciaire lui interdit en outre de sortir d’Ile - de - France et lui impose d’aller pointer une fois par semaine au commissariat de Montreuil où il devra laisser ses papiers d’identité .
Enfin Julien Coupat n’aura pas le droit d’entrer en relation avec les huit autres mis en examen et les témoins du dossier .
« Toujours et encore la colère »
« Mieux vaut tard que jamais » , a réagi l’avocate de Coupat , Me Irène Terrel , qui dénonce une « affaire politique dont le dernier épisode est l’annonce par le parquet de la remise en liberté » de son client .
Le comité de soutien aux neuf mis en examen du dossier a assuré dans un communiqué qu’en dépit de cette libération , «le sentiment qui domine , c’est toujours et encore la colère , pour l’incarcération de Julien et les autres , les arrestations en pleine rue , les gardes à vue de 96 heures » .
Le député PS Arnaud Montebourg demande la démission de la ministre de l'Intérieur Michèle Alliot - Marie pour avoir « infligé sept mois de prison à un innocent »
« Maintenant que la justice a relâché ce prétendu dangereux terroriste , il va falloir que la ministre de l'Interieur s'explique sérieusement sur la manipulation à laquelle elle a honteusement prêté sa main , et qui a conduit à priver de liberté ces jeunes gens . »
Quant au porte - parole de l’UMP Frédéric Lefebvre , il a critiqué la façon dont des personnalités de gauche « instrumentalisent » la sortie de prison de Julien Coupat .
( Source AFP )
The New Pearl Harbor : A Debate On A New Book That Alleges The Bush Administration Was Behind The 9/11 Attacks , and Chalmers Johnson : The Sorrows of Empire Militarism , Secrecy , and the End of the Republic .
Arctic Monitoring and Assessment Programme study tells of profound changes to sea ice and permafrost , among others
Extensive climate change is now affecting every form of life in the Arctic , according to a major new assessment by international polar scientists .
In the past four years , air temperatures have increased , sea ice has declined sharply , surface waters in the Arctic ocean have warmed and permafrost is in some areas rapidly thawing .
In addition , says the report released today at a Norwegian government seminar , plants and trees are growing more vigorously , snow cover is decreasing 1 - 2 % a year and glaciers are shrinking .
Scientists from Norway , Canada , Russia and the US contributed to the Arctic monitoring and assessment programme ( Amap ) study , which says new factors such as " black carbon " – soot – ozone and methane may now be contributing to global and arctic warming as much as carbon dioxide .
" Black carbon and ozone in particular have a strong seasonal pattern that makes their impacts particularly important in the Arctic , " it says .
The report 's main findings are :
Land
Permafrost is warming fast and at its margins thawing .
Plants are growing more vigorously and densely .
In northern Alaska , temperatures have been rising since the 1970s .
In Russia , the tree line has advanced up hills and mountains at 10 metres a year .
Nearly all glaciers are decreasing in mass , resulting in rising sea levels as the water drains to the ocean .
Summer sea ice
The most striking change in the Arctic in recent years has been the reduction in summer sea ice in 2007 .
This was 23 % less than the previous record low of 5.6 m sq kilometres in 2005 , and 39 % below the 1979 - 2000 average .
New satellite data suggests the ice is much thinner than it used to be .
For the first time in existing records , both the north - west and north - east passages were ice - free in summer 2008 .
However , the 2008 winter ice extent was near the year long - term average .
Greenland
The Greenland ice sheet has continued to melt in the past four years with summer temperatures consistently above the long - term average since the mid 1990s .
In 2007 , the area experiencing melt was 60 % greater than in 1998 .
Melting lasted 20 days longer than usual at sea level and 53 days longer at 2 -3,000 m heights .
Warmer waters
In 2007 , some ice - free areas were as much as 5C warmer than the long - term average .
Arctic waters appear to have warmed as a result of the influx of warmer waters from the Pacific and Atlantic .
The loss of reflective , white sea ice also means that more solar radiation is absorbed by the dark water , heating surface layers further .
Black carbon
Black carbon , or soot , is emitted from inefficient burning such as in diesel engines or from the burning of crops .
It is warming the Arctic by creating a haze which absorbs sunlight , and it is also deposited on snow , darkening the surface and causing more sunlight to be absorbed .
“ You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers .
You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions . ”
– Naguib Mahfouz ( Nobel Prize Winner )
Our brains love questions .
They have the power to engage us and to shift our mindsets .
They drive knowledge and growth , and fuel both creativity and critical thinking .
Here are 10 ways to ask questions more intelligently you can start using today .
1. Questions for Creative Problem Solving
One of the most effective ways to approach any problem is to ask questions about it .
The greatest thing about questions is that your brain automatically starts working on them as soon as you ask them .
Not only that , but it ’ll keep working on them in the background , when you ’re not even aware of it .
For an initial set of more than 50 sample questions you can use in just about any problem , try the SCAMPER technique .
Another effective technique you can use is asking why until you get to the core of your problem .
2. Questions for Shifting Your Perspective to a Problem
Just like it ’s useful asking questions about a problem , so it is turning the problem itself into a question .
We know that properly defining and stating problems is essential for great problem solving , and framing problems as questions is one of the techniques that can definitely boost your effectiveness as problem - solver .
In general , statements trigger our brains ’ logical and analytical skills .
Many times , they encourage you to try and reach conclusions as soon as possible .
Questions , on the other hand , trigger our brains ’ imagination and creative thinking skills .
They encourage you to take a more exploratory approach , which tends to foster a whole new set of insights .
For example , try changing a problem statement such as “ Ways to Improve My Life ” into questions such as “ In what ways can I improve my life ? ” , or “ Is there an opportunity for improving my life here ? ” , and check how it feels .
3. Questions for Directing Thinking and Debate
Questions guide and direct our thinking process .
Depending on the situation , it might be more useful to ask “ open ” , or “ expanding ” questions : they elicit new ideas , opinions and grow possibilities .
Examples include “ What are your thoughts on this idea ? ” , and “ Can you think of other usage scenarios ? ” .
On the other hand , sometimes it might be more productive to ask “ closed ” or “ narrowing down ” questions : they converge focus , direct thinking , and bring discussions to a more objective , “ down - to - earth ” level .
Examples include : “ What are the tasks that need to get done ? ” , “ How much will this cost ? ” .
The idea is to purposefully use different kinds of questions at different times to consciously drive your thinking process towards the most productive direction .
4. Questions for Education and Leadership
Great teachers and coaches know that true learning can only happen when students think by themselves .
Questions are a great way to stimulate thinking — and , if used skillfully , work vastly better than just dumping knowledge into someone ’s head .
Instead of simply showing concepts and solutions to students , teachers can use questions to instigate collaborative exploration : ” What would happen if we increased the angle here ? ” , “ How would it behave without air resistance ? ” and so on .
Also , questions work not only for teachers , but can be extremely useful in business environments .
In corporations , for example , leaders ( formal or not ) can , by asking questions and guiding people to think for themselves , encourage shared pride and ownership of the solutions generated .
Typical questions include “ What solutions can we see here ? ” and “ What do you think we should do ? ” .
5. Questions for Creating Conversation and Empathy
Questions are the glue of empathetic communication : they energize and enliven conversations , inviting people to participate and to share insights and opinions .
When you use them properly , people feel included and listened to and , therefore , will be much more likely to engage in meaningful and productive conversation .
Lately , I started noticing that many discussions are , in fact , more like simultaneous monologues : instead of listening , each person is just waiting his turn to talk .
Simple queries such as “ How can I help ? ” , or “ Did your son get better since last time we talked ? ” are the easiest way to show that you ’re listening , and that you honestly care about what ’s being shared with you .
6. Questions for Critical Thinking
Skillful use of inquiry is the cornerstone of critical thinking .
Again , it ’s only through questioning that we can truly think by ourselves — instead of blindly accepting whatever we ’re told as the right thing to do or the only acceptable answer .
When I say ‘ skillful use of inquiry ’ , this does not mean necessarily getting fancy : oftentimes , it means being playful and “ thinking like a child ” .
Great critical thinkers do n’t get embarrassed to ask seemingly naïve questions : these are usually the most effective — as well as the ones snob intellectuals are more prone to overlook .
As an effective initial set of questions to use , it ’s hard to beat the famous 5Ws ( what , where , who , when and why ) .
“ Where did you see it ? ” , “ What are the causes of it ? ” , “ Why is the emperor naked ? ” .
7. Questions for Shifting Your Focus
Reframing self - limiting situations as questions has long been celebrated as an excellent way to instantly changing the way we feel .
Suppose you ’re feeling down but , even so , you dare to ask yourself “ What am I excited about ? ” .
At first , you ’ll get irritated by the question .
However , if you put honest effort in answering it , you will indeed find something worth feeling better about .
And that ’s not denial : it ’s just shifting your focus .
Also , disempowering statements such as “ This is impossible ! ” increase your stress and prevent you from searching for solutions .
Turn it into “ How can I make this possible ? ” or ” What ’s good about this ? ” puts you back in the driver ’s seat and direct your focus on solutions .
8. Questions for Inspiration , Goal Setting and Action
A great way to set goals is by asking yourself “ What if … ? ” .
This question alone has the power to direct our imagination to create a vision for ourselves — and then spawn the thought processes that help it become reality .
A technique I use to think about “ higher - levels ” goals — as well as roles and areas of responsibility — is to turn them into questions .
Statements may work fine for to - do lists , but I find that for thinking about the big picture they ’re overly dull and uninspiring .
For example , suppose that you identified ‘ Health ’ as a general area that is important to you .
Now , one way to track and assess progress under that area is to think generically about this label “ Health ” and what actions you can take .
Contrast it with the much stronger alternative of turning it into a question : “ How can I improve my health today ? ” .
Thinking that way motivates and primes you for action .
In fact , it ’s so strong that it ’s hard not to take action , do n’t you agree ?
The same holds true for goals and even lower - level projects : the goal “ Get 10 new customers by the end of the week ” may be what some call a SMART goal , but “ What can I do now to get a new customer ? ” is the one that motivates action the most .
9. Questions for Self - Reflection
As powerful thinking tools that they are , questions can help you examine your life and help you get in touch with your inner self .
They work very well with standard self - reflection techniques , such as many forms of journaling .
A great exercise is to create a list of 100 consisting only of questions — the questions that matter the most to you at the moment ( these can range from “ Where did I left my keys ? ” to “ What ’s my life mission ? ” ) .
From that list , narrow it down to ten or twenty items , creating your own List of Great Questions , which you can revisit often to reconnect with the pursuits that really matter to you .
An extension of that technique you may want to try is taking each of those questions and journaling about them , devoting a journal entry for each question , just like in the Topics du Jour technique .
This gives you the opportunity to focus your attention on each question at regular intervals .
10 . Questioning as a Way of Life
Developing the habit of questioning is perhaps the greatest hallmark of highly - developed minds .
I believe that questioning is the ultimate tool to stimulate thinking and , as such , it ’s hard to dispute the usefulness and importance of cultivating this habit .
But how do we develop the habit of questioning ?
The answer , just like everything else in life , is practice , practice , practice .
Always carry a notebook with you and keep writing questions down as they come to you .
Question everything .
Become comfortable with unanswered questions .
Do n’t see them as problems , or as a necessary evil in your way to answers .
Welcome them .
Play with them .
Your brain will thank you .
Related Posts
Five Bookshelves of Fury
" Oh no !
Here comes action justice ! "
For ten years until I had to sell all my books to pay an apartment deposit , I kept my books on twenty - dollar shelves that I " constructed " myself .
I went down to Home Depot and tossed ten cinder - blocks in the back of a pick - up , cut down some boards to size , and stacked them up five levels in my bedroom .
No matter how much I shivved and shimmied , the shelves always leaned a full hand away from the wall at the top , like the gaping mouth of a sad teenager .
I always wondered : what would happen to me if this essentially unstable structure zigged one day instead of zagged and came crashing down just as I was trying to find a pitch - perfect Victor Hugo novel to start my day ?
But I always decided : to be cut in half by a falling bookshelf would be a fine death .
My deadly bookcases made reading into bloodsport .
Every time I took down a volume it was equal to leaping from the roof of a party bus in order to deliver a senses - shattering , action - powered elbow drop to the jaw of a Latin - American dictator -- a dictator clutching two primed hand grenades !!!
The last time I moved , however , I had to get rid of my nice cinder block bookshelves , along with most of my books .
Now , instead of lurching at me like a drunk dinosaur , my books all sit at the foot of my bed in a reading queue , just like a person in a nursing home would have .
When I get a new book , I add it to the back of the reading queue .
When the reading queue reaches its maximum limit , I give a book away to keep the queue from flooding over into the hallway .
I am no longer a Blood Dragon Master reader .
Now I am a Retired Tomato Garden reader .
Children on the street shoot me with Silly String and then run away in order to mock me and put me in my place whenever I leave my apartment .
They should really be in school , but alas , I deserve it .
Yet , deep down , I still long for danger and outrage from my bookshelves .
I am young and mighty .
I am a hurricane of carnage and madness .
I need ... " BOOKSHELVES OF FURY " *** 1 . The Invisible Book Shelf : A Ticking Clock of Suspended DoomInvisible book shelves are the brand new thing .
You see them all the time in the living rooms of fancy couples who drink martinis and who casually invite you to have threesomes at the conclusions of evenings filled with suggestive bon mots and stories about backpacking through Southeast Asia .
Invisible book shelves defy gravity and hang like goddamaned doom .
Each day they are a slightly bigger threat than the day before .
You have to construct an invisible book shelf yourself , which adds a second degree of danger to the enterprise .
Your most powerful weapons are the ones you make , because how can you wield what you do not understand ?
Yet , these invisible book shelves only hang from your wall with the power of your own cunning and skill .
ARE YOU CUNNING AND SKILLFUL ENOUGH TO SURVIVE THEM ?
To make an invisble book shelf you take a textbook or some other sufficiently thick novel ( or Bible ) and then you glue the pages together .
You nail on a couple of angle brackets , and then you can pile the rest of your books on top , attached to your wall as if by magic , as if you live in a house filled with teenage psychic turmoil .
It might be difficult to get to the books you need if they are arranged this way , but it is no more difficult than sorting through a pile of books that is sitting on the floor by your desk .
There are detailed instructions for making an invisible book shelf here , at Instructables.com .
If you place these invisible bookshelves in a stair - step fashion along your wall , it is as if -- while you were away --- your books formed themselves into a magical staircase to a magical hidden dimension , inviting you to climb them up , up , up through your ceiling and into the clouds !
Do not ever try to do this because you will fucking fall and die .
Additionally , it would be a bad idea to place anything valuable below your invisible bookshelves , such as your face .
If you prefer a more traditional vertical display of your books , a company called " Sticklebook " also makes invisble bookshelves that hang in a line and are attached by combs that grip the book covers .
Sticklebooks only work with paperbacks , however , and will mark up the leaves of your books with pincer - lines .
They also cost $ 40 per 13 - book shelf .
2 . The Coffin Shelf : BURIED ALIVE !
WITH BOOKS !
So this guy William Warren wanted to make some kind of social message about how much we should own in life , so he created bookshelves that can also be broken up and turned into a coffin
The idea is that if you can't fit it on your bookshelves , you wo n't be able to fit it in your coffin when you die .
This is how many possessions = one corpse .
But check it out !
Warren 's handy gambit means that you will only need to make one purchase in order to have the only two pieces of furniture you will ever need in life : bookshelves to hold all you will read until you pass away and then a coffin to bury yourself in .
If Faulkner had a catalog from Ikea in his bathroom , this would be the only piece of furniture circled in red pen .
You can sit in front of these bookshelves on a rattan mat and do Zen hell meditation all day long in your otherwise empty apartment while your cell phone rings from your discarded pants pocket .
You can eat a bowl of white rice and drink a cup of black coffee and think about the prospect of your own annihilation from every conceivable point - of - view until you come to terms .
At night , you can break the shelves apart and sleep in your coffin until you get used to the idea that someday this will be all you do .
And then , one day when peace and boredom overcome your anxiety , you can rise and select a bit of fiction to read until you are torn forever from time , joy , possibility , and experience .
When you have made your peace with death to an extreme like no other American -- like a dangerous person who spends most of their time with the reprinted words of the dead as their only companions -- perhaps you shall buy a chair or a hatstand .
3. See - Saw Bookshelves : Achieve Balance so that You May Strike with WisdomWhat weighs more ?
A copy of James Joyce 's " Ulysses " or a copy of Clive Barker 's " Imajica " ?
What weighs more ?
Six Ian Fleming paperbacks or one anthology of Flannery O'Connor short stories ?
What weighs more ?
Your shoes or your fern ?
What weighs more ?
A typical Hardy Boys adventure novel or a typical Nancy Drew mystery ?
How many Hardy Boys books does it take to equal one housecat ?
Do n't you want to know ?
You will put these see - saw bookshelves someplace in your house , and you will meticulously arrange books all day and all night until you achieve the perfect balance that causes the shelves to align parallel to the ground .
" Do not disturb Mommy .
Mommy is becoming perfect .
You may watch .
" When this happens , you will be able to take a book down from your shelves , watch the shelves cant to one side or the other , and then put the book back exactly where it needs to go so that your shelves realign once more , as balanced as a crane , squirrel , or old man 's checkbook .
When you let people borrow books , you will show them what happens when you take a book away .
They will observe with horror that your shelves immediately drift out of balance and will not be put right until they return your book .
They will return your book two days later and they will also bring you a bag of jelly beans as payment .
People will begin to talk about you with fear and envy behind your back .
You will ride the subways standing perfectly in the center of the aisle , holding nothing except your tongue .
You will discover people following behind you at parties , writing down everything you say into well - thumbed notebooks .
You will not be displeased .
4. Haunted Bookshelves : Speak to Your Fear and Say " I AM FEAR " With some camshafts and a refrigerator motor , you can build a bookshelf that appears to be haunted by ghosts to the superstitious mind Really , the books are not haunted by ghosts .
Really , the books are haunted by your own fear .
You can make this contraption the centerpiece of your normal bookshelves , and you can ask the electric specter : " Oh spirits ... how do I become a living weapon that will be able to dodge Silly String without hesitation as if it is the slow fist of a calorie - drunk bravo who has never had a skill ?
"
The spirits will reply : " You must practice your art every day , no matter what it is , even if it is writing .
You will learn the secret springs that animate all things .
You will begin to view your body as an extension of your will , as opposed to viewing your will as a phenomenon of your suffering .
" " And then what ? " " Then you will be able to spin around in three power - dimensions and kick the cigarettes out of motherfucker 's mouths with the speed of a whip .
The police will follow you around whenever you arrive in a neighborhood , just to see what you look at so they can investigate it later .
Foreign governments will each have a codename for you that is the name of a dangerous reptile .
You will receive a briefcase from the President and you will not receive the combination unless he dies .
Inside the briefcase will be a " Calvin and Hobbes " compendium and a red rotary phone with only one button .
" And the books will whir on and on , teaching , clicking , clacking , haunting .
5. Book Bear : This is a Fucking Book BearThis is a fucking book bear .
This is a fucking book bear .
This is a fucking book bear .
This is a fucking book bear .
April 19 , 2009 .- U.S. - Venezuela relations took an unexpected favorable turn as the presidents of both countries met for the first time at the Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago attended by 34 nations of the hemisphere .
U.S. president Barack Obama and his Venezuelan colleague Hugo Chavez spoke to each other two times during the Summit , representing the first steps towards improved relations between the two countries which deteriorated after former U.S. president George W. Bush 's efforts to destabilize the administration of democratically - elected Chavez , including supporting a failed coup attempt in 2002 , which led to increased anti-Bush rhetoric from Chavez .
Obama and Chavez met for the first time after Obama approached and greeted the South American leader before the first plenary of Summit on Friday , April 17 .
" I want to be your friend , " Chavez told Obama as both presidents shook hands .
Chavez thanked Obama 's gesture .
" It was a good moment , " Chavez told reporters afterwards .
" He is a very intelligent man , young , and he is black .
He is an experienced politician in spite of his young age , " he added .
Obama later met with the presidents of the Union of South American Nations ( UNASUR ) , during which Chavez gave him a copy of ' The Open Veins of Latin America : Five Centuries of the Pillage of a Continent , ' a book by Uruguayan writer Eduardo Galeano which describes the continent 's legacy of colonialism and exploitation by Europe and US .
The paperback copy came with the message " For Obama , with affection . "
Obama later told reporters " I think it was a nice gesture to give me a book .
I 'm a reader . "
During the final day of the Summit , Obama approached Chavez again and they spoke in private for several minutes .
Obama joked with Chavez comparing him to US talk show star Oprah Winfrey , whose book club turns unknown books into best sellers .
" Anything she announces , sells , " Obama told Chavez , according to Chavez 's presidential press office .
The book given to Obama by Chavez jumped to number two in Amazon.com 's best selling chart , after ranking 54,295 .
When asked about the content of his conversation with Obama , Chavez told reporters that they both ratified their willingness to work on ushering a new era in US - Venezuela relations .
" I told Obama that we have decided to appoint a new ambassador , " he said .
Chavez added that Obama promised not to interfere in the internal affairs of any country .
" We have differences in our points of view , but we have the firm willingness to work together , " Chavez added .
Chavez also spoke to U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to discuss a possible normalization of diplomatic relations between the two countries .
Chavez told Venezuelan state television that he discussed with Clinton the appointment of new ambassadors in both countries .
Last September , Chavez ordered the expulsion of the U.S. ambassador to Venezuela in solidarity with the Bolivian government 's decision to expel the U.S. ambassador in La Paz , after the government of Evo Morales accused the U.S. representative of fomenting separatist movements in Bolivia .
The Bush administration expelled Venezuela 's ambassador in response .
On Saturday , after speaking to Clinton , Chavez announced the appointment of Venezuela 's most experienced diplomat , Roy Chaderton , as new ambassador to Washington .
Chaderton , a former Venezuelan Foreign Minister during Chavez 's previous term , is Venezuela 's current ambassador to the Organization of American States ( OAS ) .
If accepted by the U.S. , Chaderton 's new post would only require him to move a few feet to his new office , as Venezuela 's Embassy to the U.S. is housed in the same Washington building as the OAS mission he currently heads .
" Of all the summits which I ’ve attended in this decade , this is , without doubt , the most successful , the one that opened the doors to a new era of rationality among all the countries , " Chávez told reporters at the end of the Summit .
" Very productive "
Before heading back to the U.S. Obama spoke told reporters that the 34 - nation Summit was " very productive " .
For the U.S. leader , the summit proved it is possible to " disagree respectfully . "
Obama dismissed critics back in the U.S. who questioned his approach to Chavez during the Summit .
" Venezuela is a country whose defense budget is probably one six- hundredths of the United States ' .
They own [ oil refiner and retailer ] Citgo .
It 's unlikely that as a consequence of me shaking hands or having a polite conversation with Mr. Chavez , we are endangering the strategic interest of the United States , " Obama told reporters .
" You would be hard pressed to paint a scenario in which U.S. interests would be damaged as a consequence of us having a more constructive relationship with Venezuela , " he added .
As he highlighted a potential thaw in U.S. relations with Cuba and Venezuela , Obama said the ultimate test " is not simply words , but deeds . "
Obama 's desire to change the way the U.S. relates to Latin America , and his " listen and learn " approach was warmly received by his Latin American counterparts , in contrast to former president Bush , whose presence generated mass protest in Argentina , the host of the previous Summit .
Obama implicitly acknowledged his country 's unappreciated involvement in the region .
" One of the things that I mentioned in both public remarks as well as private remarks is that the United States obviously has a history in this region that ’s not always appreciated from the perspective of some , but that what we need to do is try to move forward , and that I am responsible for how this administration acts and we will be respectful to those democratically elected governments , even when we disagree with them , " he said during his final press conference .
Obama added that he felt the U.S. could learn a lesson on soft - diplomacy from Cuba .
" One thing that I thought was interesting -- and I knew this in a more abstract way but it was interesting in very specific terms -- hearing from these leaders who when they spoke about Cuba talked very specifically about the thousands of doctors from Cuba that are dispersed all throughout the region , and upon which many of these countries heavily depend .
And it ’s a reminder for us in the United States that if our only interaction with many of these countries is drug interdiction , if our only interaction is military , then we may not be developing the connections that can , over time , increase our influence and have -- have a beneficial effect when we need to try to move policies that are of concern to us forward in the region . "
Recent rhetoric left in the past
The meetings between Chavez and Obama , follows months of speculation after Chavez accused Obama of " throwing the first stone " by launching sharp accusations against him , reminiscent of those made by the Bush administration .
During an interview with US Spanish - language Univision before taking office , Obama accused Chávez of obstructing progress in the Latin America and exporting terrorism .
" I think Chavez has been a disruptive force in the region , " Obama told Univision in January .
Chavez responded to the attacks by the new U.S. administration by accusing Obama of being " an ignorant " and invited him to study the realities of Latin America .
As the world was heading into recession caused largely by the U.S. , Clinton responded to Chavez 's comments by suggesting that Chavez 's government should " really promote democracy " so that " Venezuela can have a free market economy , not fall into the failed policies of the past . "
Unlike the U.S. , Venezuela 's economy , portions of which is regulated by the state , is expected to grow this year , and its unemployment rate is lower than that of the U.S. as it reached 7.3 % in March , in spite of a sharp drop in oil prices .
During the Chavez administration Venezuela has steered away from unregulated free - market policies promoted by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank , which led to economic collapse in several Latin American countries , and which has led to economic recession in the U.S. and iconic collapses such as that of energy trader Enron , prompting the Bush and then the Obama administration to increased state intervention and the injection of billions into banks , automakers and other privately owned companies .
Old vs. new diplomacy
Chavez 's gift to the U.S. president during the Summit , was clearly intended to help Obama become more familiar with the history of the U.S. involvement in the region .
However , Obama 's behavior during the Summit signals his knowledge of the effects of U.S. past foreign policy , and the need for a new approach .
" While Obama was pressing for a new diplomacy , Davidow was practicing the old , " wrote U.S. social and political activist Tom Hayden in an article criticizing the role played at the Summit by Jeffrey Davidow , a U.S. former ambassador to Venezuela which Obama appointed as U.S. coordinator for the Summit .
Davidow had claimed that Chavez wanted a photo with Obama to polish his reputation with Venezuelans .
" His spoiler comments were in stark contrast to a president pledged to listening , dialogue and respect , " Hayden said in an article published by the huffingtonpost.com political blog .
With names like Punk IPA , Speed Ball and O8 , a new generation of fuller - flavoured ales – part of what has been called the " extreme beer " movement – has been launched in an attempt to push back the boundaries of Britain 's national drink .
The new breed of bitters , with their intense flavours and alcohol contents of up to 12 per cent , are the work of young brewing entrepreneurs trying capture the attention – and cash – of lager - guzzling twentysomethings .
Beer writers and aficionados have welcomed the speciality bottles , which can contain 10 times as much hops as a traditional pint , as a necessary revitalisation of a market dominated by corporate giants turning out similar 4 per cent brown bitters .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But alcohol campaigners have complained that drinkers may be unaware of the strength of the new products , a single 330 ml bottle of which is enough to make an adult exceed their daily recommended alcohol intake .
In January the Portman Group , the alcohol industry watchdog , ruled the brashest exponent of the movement , BrewDog brewery in Aberdeen , had broken its code on responsible marketing for its Speed Ball beer , named after the cocktail of cocaine and heroin which killed the actor John Belushi , star of The Blues Brothers .
Despite the group rejecting complaints against three of BrewDog 's other beers , Punk IPA , Rip Tide and Hop Rocker , its managing director , James Watt , accused Portman of being " outdated " and " out of touch " .
He did , however , concede that his company had been provocative .
" We thought we would give them something worth banning us for , " he said .
Founded two years ago by Mr Watt and a student friend , BrewDog has expanded rapidly and now produces 2.6 million bottles of beer a year , with alcohol contents of between 4 and 9 per cent , and is selling its 6 per cent Punk IPA in Tesco .
Another of its products , Hardcore IPA , contains 10 times more hops than a standard beer .
The result is a drink that scores 150 on a scale of bitterness , compared to 15 for a standard lager .
Next month the brewery is likely to attract fresh criticism with the launch of Divine Rebel – at 12.5 per cent beer , its most alcoholic product to date .
Other small regional brewers are also intensifying the strength and flavour of their bottles , although in a less controversial manner .
Thornbridge brewery in Derbyshire has won 40 awards for its 5.9 per cent Jaipur pale ale , which uses pungent US hops .
The Dark Star Brewery in West Sussex has a 6.5 per cent Six Hop Ale , while Otley in Pontypridd , Wales , makes the boldly marketed 8 per cent O8 .
Adam Witherington , drink editor of The Publican newspaper , said : " In the US over the past five years there has been an explosion of craft brewing .
Brewers have looked at the way beer is put together and thought , ' How can we do this bigger and crazier ? '
They 're saying , ' Why do n't we triple the hops ? '
Extreme is not so much about ABV , it 's about taste and it's about pushing it beyond what beer drinkers are used to . "
Alcohol Concern complained that BrewDog appeared to be targeting young people .
" The marketing reminds me very much of alcopops , " said its chief executive , Don Shenker .
" It looks to me like they 're going for the 18 to 25 - year - old category .
They should make prospective customers aware that it's a different type of beer by putting the alcohol units on the label .
At 10 per cent , a 330 ml bottle would be four units – the recommended daily amount for a man . "
BrewDog 's head brewer , Martin Dickie , denied encouraging irresponsible drinking , pointing out that some of his bottles cost £ 4 each .
" There 's no way someone can drink 20 a night .
It 's probably the least economic way of buying alcohol .
You can get a bottle of vodka for £ 5 . "
His products were meant to be enjoyed by friends in their own homes , he added .
" You can sit down with two or three friends and open two or three bottles .
It 's much more relaxed and you are able to savour the beer . "
All Living Presidents Gather At White House ( Video , Photo )
hosted a rare Oval Office gathering and luncheon for all of the living presidents .
Those present includedand President - elect
Discussions ranged from how to live in the presidential bubble to raising children in the White House .
The last such meeting was held in 1981 by President Ronald Reagan .
George W. Bush said that he and all of the former presidents are united in their desire to see Barack Obama succeed because they all believe that no matter what party affiliation , the office " transcends the individual " .
Check out some footage from the Oval Office below .
On Saturday , I wrote about a new and important McClatchy story that revisited remarks Cheney made to the Rocky Mountain News in 2004 , confirming then that they tortured extracted false confessions information from Guantanamo detainees about Al Qaeda / Iraq ties .
The Rocky Mountain News asked Cheney in a Jan. 9 , 2004 , interview if he stood by his claims that Saddam 's regime had maintained a " relationship " with al Qaida , raising the danger that Iraq might give the group chemical , biological or nuclear weapons to attack the U.S. " Absolutely .
Absolutely , " Cheney replied ....
" The ( al Qaida - Iraq ) links go back , " he said .
" We know for example from interrogating detainees in Guantanamo that al Qaida sent individuals to Baghdad to be trained in C.W. and B.W. technology , chemical and biological weapons technology .
These are all matters that are there for anybody who wants to look at it . "
Today , TPMMuckraker pulls out another nugget from the story , the remarks from " a top Guantanamo investigator , retired Army Lt. Col. Brittain Mallow , " who told McClatchy 's Jonathon Landay :
" I'm aware of the fact that in late 2002 , early 2003 , that ( the alleged al Qaida - Iraq link ) was an interest on the intelligence side ....
That was something they were tasked to look at . "
He said he was unaware of the origins of the directive , but a former senior U.S. intelligence official has told McClatchy that Cheney 's and former Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld 's offices were demanding that information in 2002 and 2003 .
The official , who was n't authorized to speak publicly on the matter , requested anonymity .
The story actually made it onto a Sunday show , with Stephanopolous asking torture apologist and Cheney - defender - in - chief Liz Cheney about it .
Think Progress caught her non-denial denial :
STEPHANOPOLOUS :
You ’ve explained one part of it , I just want to ask you to explain another part of it .
The report though that the vice president ’s office did ask specifically to have information about Iraq -al Qaeda connections presented to this detainee , do you deny that ?
CHENEY : I think that it ’s important for us to have all the facts out .
And and , the first and most important fact is that the vice president has been absolutely clear that he supported this program , this was an important program , it saved American lives .
Now , the way this policy worked internally was once the policy was determined and decided , the CIA , you know , made the judgments about how each individual detainee would be treated .
And the Vice President would not substitute his own judgment for the professional judgment of the CIA .
" Once the policy was determined and decided , " but by whom ?
That 's the whole crux of this story , and it 's looking likelier and likelier that Cheney was the real decider .
Think Progress adds :
The truth is that when the CIA did n’t give Cheney the info he wanted about an Iraq - al Qaeda connection , he marginalized the agency :
In the initial stages of the war on terror , Tenet ’s CIA was rising to prominence as the lead agency in the Afghanistan war .
But when Tenet insisted in his personal meetings with the president that there was no connection between Al Qaeda and Iraq , Cheney and Rumsfeld initiated a secret program to re-examine the evidence and marginalize the agency and Tenet .
Through interviews with DoD staffers who sifted through mountains of raw intelligence , FRONTLINE details how questionable intelligence was " stovepiped " to the vice president and presented to the public .
New Yorker reporter Jane Mayer , who wrote a book about " the dark side " of the war on terror , told MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow this week about how after 9/11 Cheney " was dissatisfied with the kind of information that had been given to them from the CIA , " so he requested raw intelligence reports and " took away the filter that the CIA had had . "
The evidence is piling up , despite the general lack of interest in investigation from the traditional media ( with McClatchy 's Landay being the standout exception ) or apparently from anybody else .
Somebody might after all have something nasty and misogynistic to say about Pelosi , and that 's far more fun to talk about .
Update :
Here 's remarkable candor from FOX Fox correspondent , Jonathan Hunt , who is honest about the distraction tactic :
Kite flyin '
Ben Franklin did n't get a shirt yet , so I made him a comic .
Inside proposed Utah games legislation " Truth in Advertising " bill H.B. 353 is an atom bomb in hiding .
No , I do n't mean the bit involving Jack Thompson , the controversial disbarred anti-games - violence activist who reportedly authored the thing .
And I 'm not talking about the part where hysterical Utah activists like Gayle Ruzicka ( of the ultra - conservative Utah Eagle Forum ) argue before committee that games like Grand Theft Auto " are the kind of things that are training our children " and " vile stuff . "
No , the most recent amended version of H.B. 353 is a sobering bellwether of much worse to come if it passes the Utah state senate , as it now seems likely to .
Why ?
Because instead of ensuring game retailers do as they say , the bill in fact encourages them to do the exact opposite and stop promising they wo n't sell Mature - rated games like Fable 2 and Fallout 3 and Resident Evil 5 to underage kids and / or teens .
That 's because Utah's H.B. 353 effectively criminalizes retail sales of video games to customers who do n't meet a game 's ratings strictures .
Perhaps you thought sales to underage buyers were already criminal given the unprecedented levels of retailer sales - ratings compliance ?
They 're not .
The system 's in fact entirely voluntary ... and , to date , an enormous success .
According to an undercover U.S. Federal Trade Commission operation , only 20 percent of 13 to 16 year olds were able to purchase M- rated video games from eight retailers .
More importantly , that number was down 42 percent in 2006 and 85 percent since 2000 , when the FTC surveys started .
According to a Peter D. Hart Research Associates study , nearly 90 % of you ( that is , American parents with kids who play games ) are aware of the ESRB 's ratings and use them .
But activist legislators in Utah apparently do n't consider 90 % good enough , and they 're using Utah's " truth in advertising " law as a launch pad to target stores that promote their adherence to an age - discriminatory sales policy ( in essence , compliance with the Entertainment Software Ratings Board 's ratings system ) .
Under their proposed bill ,
If a store says it enforces the ESRB 's ratings on a game then fails to do so , it could be liable for up to $ 2,000 in fines per incident .
The non-cynical view : H.B. 353 is an attempt to pull game ratings under the umbrella of Utah 's prevailing " truth in advertising " guidelines .
The cynical view :
The bill 's promoters are trying to backdoor anti-ESRB legislation by using a potentially over - broad state policy to increase governmental control of private sector activities and declare self - regulatory triumphs null and void .
According to ESRB president Patricia Vance , in an open letter to " Utah 's parents and leaders " published last Friday ...
... when the Federal Trade Commission first began measuring retailer compliance with video game sales policies nationwide in 2000 , a scant 15 % of underage customers were turned away .
However , the most recent such study reported in May 2008 found that national retailers refused to sell M-rated games to customers under 17 a remarkable 80 % of the time , far surpassing the comparable rates of compliance for movies , DVDs , or music CDs rated for a mature audience .
What 's more , says Vance ...
... according to a recent audit , Utah video game retailers enforce their store policies regarding the sale of M- rated games an impressive 94 % of the time — without any laws or requirements that they do so .
That level of compliance took many years to achieve , and speaks to the strong commitment of video game retailers to do the right thing .
The ESRB opened its doors in 1994 in response to the Mortal Kombat / Doom violent content controversy .
It 's a non-profit , self - regulatory body created by the Entertainment Software Association , essentially a " by games publishers , for games publishers " organization to manage the games industry 's relationship with the public .
Its ratings approach parallels the Motion Picture Association of America 's ( MPAA ) voluntary movie ratings system , e.g. PG , PG - 13 , R , etc .
The ESRB 's ratings , e.g. Mature , Teen , Everyone , etc. include age guidelines and content descriptors that cover labels ranging from " cartoon violence " and " simulated gambling " to " strong language , " " graphic sexual content , " and " nudity . "
Under H.B. 353 , if a retailer promotes itself as compliant with those ratings , then lapses — however isolated the incident — it could pay substantial fines or become entangled in costly governmental lawsuits .
Per Vance 's note , let 's say Utah 's games retailers are noncompliant 6 percent of the time .
With H.B. 353 , that relatively trivial 6 percent could engender disproportionately substantial fines and legal fees severe enough to force ( or at least incentivize ) abandoning compliance with the ESRB 's ratings system altogether .
Imagine the impact on the ESRB ( not to mention the MPAA ) if retailers like Walmart or GameStop suddenly pulled their voluntary endorsement .
The hypothetical emasculation ( or even dissolution ) of independent ratings institutions like the MPAA and ESRB could have disastrous ramifications for artists .
Few consumers would support a completely ratings - free system , thus paving the way for draconian and bureaucratic government - created and enforced alternatives .
Does anyone fancy the notion of politicians deciding what is or is n't aesthetically acceptable ?
H.B. 353 does n't empower them to , but it's a clear step ( and precedent ) in that direction .
Truth in advertising is important .
No one wants to buy a " 100 % cotton " shirt that turns out to be 50 % polyester or an LCD TV with a " full parts and labor three year warranty " that 's only honored for one .
Retailers have basic authenticity obligations and consumers should have the right to take action and / or pursue remuneration when a retailer engages in deceitful advertising .
But voluntary self - regulation that hinges on an aesthetically amorphous value system resides in a legal gray area .
No one 's going to disagree that selling a 50 % polyester shirt as " 100 % cotton " is ethically wrong , deserving of legal consequences .
But games ratings are n't based on scientific analyses of the fiber content of a piece of fabric , and there 's plenty of disagreement over whether it's the responsibility of stores or parents to enforce them .
For some , game and movie ratings are simply advisory , and it's up to parents to monitor what kids are up to , not some for - profit business , and most certainly not a bunch of at best tenuously culturally clued - in government bureaucrats .
The question , then , is would you ever want the government taking the leading role in policing the sales of aesthetic artifacts , e.g. books , movies , games , music , etc . ?
Because that 's what H.B. 353 amounts to , and precisely why it needs to be overturned if it 's passed .
Matt Peckham thinks the government should never ( whether directly or indirectly ) be the custodian of artistic values .
You can keep tabs on him at twitter.com / game_on .
State prosecutors suffered a public setback in efforts to combat border violence Wednesday when a judge dismissed high - profile charges against a Phoenix gun dealer accused of arming Mexican cartels .
The case against George Iknadosian , owner of X - Caliber Guns , had been covered on national TV broadcasts and in stories by the New York Times and Wall Street Journal .
But in mid-trial , all 21 counts were dismissed by Maricopa County Superior Court Judge Robert Gottsfield , who decided he had found a flaw in the government 's case .
According to a minute entry , Gottsfield concluded that evidence against Iknadosian was not sufficient to support conviction based on a technical legal issue .
Because the gun buyers all were eligible to acquire firearms , he said , their deception did not amount to a " material falsification . "
Consequently , Gottsfield ruled , the evidence did not show felonious conduct by Iknadosian .
Gottsfield issued a directed verdict of not guilty for Iknadosian , 47 , who was charged with fraud , money - laundering and other offenses .
About 6,000 narcotics - related homicides were reported south of the border last year .
Leading up to trial , Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard portrayed Iknadosian as a greedy business owner who helped fuel Mexico 's bloodshed by supplying more than 700 AK - 47s and other weapons to cartels .
Late Wednesday , Anne Hilby , a spokeswoman for Goddard , issued a brief statement : " This office disagrees with the ( judge 's ) analysis .
We are already preparing an appeal , and we will continue to put the full strength of this office behind the case . "
Iknadosian had pleaded not guilty .
Neither he nor his attorney , Thomas Baker , was available Wednesday afternoon .
Iknadosian was accused of selling the firearms to " straw buyers , " who then transported weapons to Mexico .
Gottsfield dismissed jurors and granted acquittal in response to a so - called Rule 20 motion sought by Baker .
Under Arizona law , Rule 20 holds that a case must be thrown out if the state 's evidence is inadequate for conviction .
" There is no proof whatsoever that any prohibited ( firearm ) possessor ended up with the firearms , " he said .
The case was considered a landmark prosecution in part because of cooperation with Mexican authorities , who provided evidence that guns from X - Caliber were used in criminal operations south of the border .
The trial garnered even more attention because it began amid hearings on border violence at the Arizona Capitol and in Washington , D.C. Goddard and ATF agents depicted Iknadosian as among the most prominent U.S. gun dealers providing weapons to narcotics criminals .
Working with Sonoran police , he traced guns from X - Caliber to Mexican murders and cartel figures .
About a dozen co-defendants pleaded guilty to felony charges before other judges .
Gottsfield 's ruling on Wednesday appears to question whether they committed the crimes for which they were convicted .
In the history of famous " off - message " missives , it is certainly right up there .
A veteran Fox News columnist has lost his job after reviewing a leaked version of the X - Men Origins : Wolverine movie , starring Hugh Jackman , which sister company Twentieth Century - Fox is desperately trying to suppress .
A statement released by Fox News said that the company and Roger Friedman had " mutually agreed to part ways immediately " .
The studio also weighed in to say that Friedman 's behaviour was " reprehensible " and that it " condemned this act categorically " .
That events should have come to this pass should not be too surprising .
Not only did Friedman offer his opinion on the early cut of the film on his Fox 411 blog , joining the estimated one million people who have seen it since it first emerged last week , but he also praised the convenience of downloading films illegally and pointed out that the entire current US box office top 10 was available on torrent sites .
" It 's so much easier than going out in the rain ! " he wrote .
On the movie , Friedman said that it " exceeds expectations at every turn " , adding : " I was completely riveted to my desk chair in front of my computer . "
He also said he was going to download the Paul Rudd comedy I Love You , Man next .
US sites such as Aint It Cool News led the condemnation , angry that Twentieth Century - Fox could countenance Friedman 's continued employment when the company had been so determined to track down the source of the leak , even reportedly calling in the FBI in an attempt to find its man .
" What 's interesting about all of this is that Fox has a very rigid history on pursuing employees that brazenly break the rules , " wrote editor Harry Knowles .
" Like when they went after Memflix for reviewing one of their films on AICN – and got him fired .
How is this situation any different Fox ?
" I mean , if Fox does n't go after Roger Friedman - are n't they basically telling the entire world ...
It 's ok ? "
News Corp , which owns both Fox News and Twentieth Century - Fox , first said on Saturday that Friedman had been fired .
But on Sunday afternoon the journalist told Daily Variety that he was still in situ .
Any sense of ambiguity , it would seem , has now been resolved .
Some analysts are suggesting the leak might actually help the film's box office when it arrives in cinemas in less than a month 's time , although fans on messageboards who have offered their own reviews of the leaked version have been markedly less kind than Friedman .
In the past , films that were leaked online before hitting cinemas , such as Hostel II , have performed weakly .
Regular keyboard practice has been found to improve manual dexterity and discrimination of sounds ( Image : Stock.xchng / Dikmorales
Scans of the brains of child musicians before and after musical training have yielded compelling evidence that proficiency and skill relies on hard graft , not innate genius .
Earlier studies have shown that adult musicians have different brains to adult non-musicians .
But the latest results settle arguments about whether the brain differences were there from birth , or developed through practice .
“ This is the first paper showing differential brain development in children who learned and played a musical instrument versus those that did not , ” says Gottfried Schlaug of Harvard Medical School .
Schlaug ’s team tested musically untrained six - year - olds from the Boston area , 15 of whom then received weekly keyboard lessons for 15 months , and 16 of whom did n’t .
When they compared magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scans taken before and after for both groups , they found that auditory and motor areas of the brain linked respectively with hearing and dexterity grew larger only in the trainee musicians .
Advertisement
At the end of the training period , the musicians also outperformed the others at specific tasks related to manual dexterity and discrimination of sounds .
But the two groups were matched on more distantly related skills such as arithmetic .
Schlaug says that the same pupils are being followed in case it takes longer for these more “ distant ” skills to emerge .
Reversible changes ?
Other researchers welcomed the findings .
“ This study shows , through a ‘ before and after ’ design , that a particular set of learning activities is both the necessary and sufficient causal explanation for resulting differences in brain characteristics , ” says John Sloboda of Keele University in the UK , and a long - time champion of practice over genius .
Read our interview with Professor Sloboda here .
Like muscle , brain tissue can change with “ exercise ” , he claims , so a valid new question is whether the changes would reverse without practice .
Eleanor Maguire of University College London says it would be interesting to find out if the changes occur in adult musical trainees .
In 2000 , Maguire ’s scans of the brains of London cabbies showed they had abnormally large hippocampi , the area of the brain vital for navigation .
Journal reference : The Journal of Neuroscience ( DOI : 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.5118008.2009 )
April 15 , 2009
President Barack Obama
Representative Barbara Lee
Senators Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger
Donald R. White , Alameda County Tax Collector
Mayor Ron Dellums
Messieurs and Mesdames ,
Rather than my usual practice of remitting taxes to you on this , your high holy day of April 15 , I am this year writing to request a return of all monies previously remitted , for non-performance of services promised .
As evidence for my claim :
National Security
Contrary to the promise of a “ Peace Dividend ” following the collapse of the Soviet Empire , you have alternatively pursued a series of reckless adventures and preemptive “ actions ” globally that have reduced the security of residents of the United States .
Despite other promises , the U.S. will not leave a rebuilt country , stable society , or democracy when and if it ostensibly pulls its troops out of Iraq .
As you may recall , pre-invasion estimates for achieving “ success ” in Iraq ranged from $ 30 - 60 billion ; as of December , 2008 , the cost to date is estimated at $ 900 billion — projected to climb to $ 2.3 trillion or more .
Meanwhile , though Americans were led to believe that Afghanistan was secured years ago , such turns out not to be the case : you have acknowledged , Pres. Obama , that the “ Taliban is resurgent and Al - Qaeda threatens America from its safe haven along the Afghan - Pakistan border ; ” Pakistan has ceded one province to the Taliban , with more likely to follow .
And just as a question : where is Osama bin Laden ?
Perhaps you all would have done well to heed the Independent Institute ’s solution , proposed in September of 2001 and in accordance with provisions actually found in the U.S. Constitution , to let privateers bring bin Laden in for justice .
Education
As documented in numerous ways by countless researchers , the United States public school system is an abysmal failure , with California ’s among the worst of the worst .
The Institute for Research on Education Policy & Practice at Stanford released a report “ Getting Down to Facts : School Finance and Governance in California , ” showing , among other things , that California public schools still rank among the very worst in the entire nation ; the state imposes one - size - fits - all rules in a manner the report terms “ regulationitis ; ” it has no coherent way of supporting , developing , identifying and keeping quality teachers , or removing ineffective ones ; its education data systems are so bad that it ’s impossible for schools to share information about what ’s working and what is n’t ( such as how many students are dropping out ) ; and the state hands out education dollars irrationally and then largely prohibits principals from deciding how best to spend them .
Thus , your problem is NOT needing more money .
Meanwhile , my husband and I expended our own after - tax dollars to procure alternative educational services for our children — as do 25 % of all Bay Area families , and more than 34 % of Bay Area public school teachers .
Roads
Roads are in ruinous condition and provide inadequately for road services demanded .
Meanwhile , taxes collected as “ earmarked ” for road construction and maintenance are instead diverted to general funds use .
Your gazillion - dollar rebuild of the Oakland - San Francisco bridge , ostensibly necessitated by its failure in the 1989 earthquake , was originally slated to open this year at a cost of $ 1.1 billion .
It is most recently projected to open in 2013 ( 24 years after the earthquake ! ) , at a cost of $ 6.3 billion .
You have thus demonstrated gross incompetence that merits replacement .
In a past career with a firm that owned , leased and managed fleets of thousands of rail cars operating across North America , I saw first - hand an incredibly efficient and equitable system whereby every rail car in the entire continent is equipped with a small transponder , from which information is collected by railroad owners at thousands of points along their tracks .
Each rail car owner is then billed for its use of each mile of every railroad .
The entire process is highly automated and virtually seamless .
Before the government got into the road - provision business , there were , for example , three competing toll roads from which to choose for travel between the San Francisco Peninsula / San Mateo bayside and nearby Pacific coast .
There is now one , publicly provided and “ free , ” and my use of it on Easter Sunday demonstrated its inadequacy .
I would therefore prefer to opt for such a private arrangement for my future transport needs .
Police Services
Oakland is virtually the poster child for violent crime in the U.S.
The tragic recent deaths of four police officers are just the latest senseless murders for this city ranked fifth in crime in the U.S. Meanwhile — surprise !— no one tracks response times for government emergency responders — police , fire , paramedics .
No wonder the government ’s own latest proposed solution is to hire private security officers to patrol the streets .
Our neighbors and we long ago created a neighborhood watch group , and banded together to pay for a private patrol service — on top of each of our individual home alarm systems — and we quickly share information on any suspicious activity via a neighborhood - wide email group .
In sum , please refund the taxes collected fraudulently for services never provided .
If you need additional evidence , please do not hesitate to ask : there ’s plenty more where this came from .
Very truly yours ,
Mary Theroux
About a month ago , we covered some impressive lithium battery tech .
Researchers have developed a specific formulation of lithium - iron phosphate that allows lithium charges to rapidly move in and out of the storage medium , which allows for extremely fast charge / discharge cycles .
Charges in this material move so quickly , in fact , that the primary limit to these batteries becomes the amount of electrode material needed to keep them fed .
A potential way forward was released in Thursday 's edition of Science Express : building highly structured electrodes using an engineered virus .
The fast - charge batteries were developed at MIT , and there is another group on campus that has been experimenting with using viruses to structure battery components ( we 've also covered some of their work in the past ) .
The two teams have apparently been talking — one of the authors of last month 's paper appears on the current one — and the new report involves using viruses to structure an electrode material that incorporates iron phosphate .
The basic concept that drives the work is the recognition that biological systems can self - assemble into ordered structures and , with the appropriate modifications , can be used to order additional materials .
In this case , the biological material involved is the M13 phage , which assembles into long , filamentous structures using many copies of a few simple proteins .
By altering the sequence of the proteins , it 's possible to create viruses that have an affinity for a variety of materials .
In this case , the authors started with a modified virus , where a protein that forms the sides of the filament has an affinity for iron phosphate .
By combining the virus / iron phosphate mix with a coating of conductive silver , the authors were able to use it as an anode in a standard lithium battery .
This combination performed reasonably well , but not as well as existing commercial solutions , so the authors went back to the drawing board .
They concluded that , although the virus created useful structures on the fine scale , the resulting material lacked a larger - scale organization that would help increase the electric contacts in the battery .
To provide this , the authors turned to another material that 's been making waves in the world of nanotechnology : carbon nanotubes .
To build a higher order structure with carbon nanotubes , they had to link the virus up to them .
So they selected a protein that resides at one end of the viral filament , randomly mutated it , and then screened for versions that stuck to nanotubes .
They got several , and focused on two that had different affinities for the nanotubes ; these differences allowed them to determine how important the virus - nanotube interactions were for battery performance .
Using a mixture in which the carbon nanotubes contributed only five percent of the mass increased the performance of the batteries by about 20 percent , and provided even larger improvements at higher discharge rates .
The new electrode also tripled the energy density compared to one made with a normal virus .
A form of the virus with lower affinity for the nanotubes produced an intermediate value , showing that the interactions were essential for this improved performance .
In all cases , the material showed very little change in capacity after multiple recharge cycles .
The authors were able to demonstrate a functional 3V battery that is able to power a small LED , as shown above .
As far as I can tell , this new development is complementary with the fast - charge technology described last month ; that paper focused on the charge storage material , while this involved a new electrode structure .
So , it should be possible to combine the two approaches .
Given that the labs involved appear to be collaborating , I 'd be surprised if work in that area is n't already underway .
Science , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1171541
Listing image by Yung Jun Lee and Dong Soo Yung
Posted on April 20 , 2009 in Uncategorized
There seems to be some confusion among certain segments of the population on the meaning of socialism .
Socialism is : believing that all individuals are due a certain level of living ; that things such as health care , education , adequate nutrition , clean and unpolluted environments , and shelter are universal rights ; and that adequate safe guards should be in place to prevent the exploitation of markets and peoples .
Socialism is not propping up failed financial institutions that made their money via speculative and predatory behavior ; allowing corporations to profiteer off of federal bail - outs ; nor is socialism enriching an oligarchical elite while the economic world they created crumbles .
Socialism is not Bizarro Robin Hood , where the government steals from the poor to give to the rich .
So please , if you are an angry white - male who reads too much libertarian literature , do not confuse present circumstances with your interpretation of ‘ socialism ’ .
Trust me , real socialists are more outraged by this situation than you are .
See Also : Why Does Healthcare Cost So Much , Ctd. , Reducing inequality : how to pay for it , The Bail - Out as Class Warfare , Let Them Drink Tea , Bailout Nation Update , Self - Regulation Does n’t Work , What are the tea parties really about ? , Capitalism versus Socialism – Poll confirms massive anti-capitalist shift in US public opinion , Obama Haters As Viewed By The Economist , and Of Course You ’re Not a Socialist , Mr. Rattner .
[ tags ] socialism , what is socialism , obama administration , financial industry , nationalization , socialism in america , bank bailouts , federal bailouts , bizarro robin hood [ / tags ]
If you ca n’t beat them ( or do n’t feel like putting out the cash to acquire them ) , then join them !
Google has implemented a new Digg style social voting platform in iGoogle which could be a glimpse of an overall Google run Digg style content sharing network , and may signal that Google might not have any interest in acquiring Digg .
Google has launched their new iGoogle gadget , “ What ’s Popular ” which has only been installed by 2,889 users thus far .
Google ’s “ What ’s Popular ” lets users “ pop ” stories which they find interesting in Google News and beyond .
The iGoogle Widget lets users read and vote on “ All Popular ” as according to Google , My Pops – which are stories that have been voted on by the users and “ My Adds ” – stories added by the user .
Google also offers a canvased version of the tool , with its standalone page , here : Google What ’s Popular ?
At first glance it looks like What ’s Popular is using a mix of personal relevancy , voted “ Pops ” , and timely posts to serve up the default listings on its
What ’s Popular ?
page .
Here is an explanation from Google :
How we find interesting stuff
What ’s Popular uses algorithms to find interesting content from a combination of your submissions and trends in aggregated user activity across a variety of Google services , like YouTube and Google Reader .
Ratings
You can rate items that you like or dislike by clicking the ratings buttons next to each item .
If you change your mind , you can change your rating at anytime .
The What ’s Popular gadget looks at what users liked or disliked to improve its ranking of interesting items .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Users can filter the stories based on date , popularity and relevance and in addition to stories , videos and images can be added .
Without much of a social aspect , calling “ What ’s Popular ” a Digg competitor could be a stretch , but the voting and bookmarking is made easy and very Digg - like by the iGoogle gadget .
With Google slowly rolling into social , via OpenSocial , Friend Connect and of course GTalk ; something could be added soon if this gadget takes off .
Perhaps though , the social aspect is already part of the algorithm , as Google generally has an idea of the verticals or information its users enjoy , and which other “ friends ” visit the same webpages and fall within similar profiles .
I especially like the usage of the usage of “ What ’s Popular ” as a planner for daily reading , as stories and media could be submitted or “ popped ” in the morning , and then be read on the iPhone or mobile device during a daily commute .
SINCE its founding in 1945 , the Arab League , now embracing 22 countries ( including Palestine ) , has sought to forge unity .
Yet its annual summits have tended to produce either quarrels or platitudes .
The latest gathering in the Qatari capital , Doha , followed much the same pattern but did produce unity — of a sort .
Independent Arab commentators , as opposed to the state - controlled media , were united in calling it a waste of time .
“ The only use of summits , ” said Salama Ahmed Salama in Egypt 's daily , al - Shorouk , “ is that they sharpen trends of rejection and opposition to these regimes . ”
“ The only novelty they bring is new divisions , ” chimed Abdel Bari Atwan , editor of al - Quds al - Arabi , a daily published in London .
“ Rising non-Arab powers in the region , such as Iran and Turkey , rub their hands in glee at the spectacle , ” he asserted .
With 17 heads of state in attendance , the meeting did agree on one thing , however .
Fellow Arab leaders rallied around Sudan 's president , Omar al - Bashir , in a chorus of condemnation against the International Criminal Court in The Hague , which has ordered his arrest on charges of organising the extermination , rape and forcible transfer of a large part of the civilian population of Darfur .
Delegates denounced the court for picking on Arab and Muslim leaders while ignoring the alleged crimes of Israel .
Syria 's president , Bashar Assad , said the court had no right to interfere in countries ' sovereign affairs — an understandable complaint , as a UN tribunal is investigating Syria 's likely involvement in a series of political murders in Lebanon .
But the summiteers skirted issues that have lately divided them .
The Arab leaders said little about Iran , the non-Arab regional heavyweight allied to Syria but regarded with suspicion by other Arab leaders because of its nuclear ambitions , its championing of Islam 's minority Shia branch , and its backing for non-state actors such as Hizbullah in Lebanon and Hamas in Palestine .
On the Arab - Israeli conflict , the Syrian president drew nods of approval by complaining that , since offering a peace initiative in 2002 , the Arabs had yet to find an Israeli partner and may fail to find one in Israel 's new government led by Binyamin Netanyahu .
They reiterated the peace offer that calls for Israel to withdraw from all the land it has occupied since the 1967 war in exchange for full Arab recognition .
But while suggesting that a precise time limit be tied to the offer , it declined to set one .
As usual , the meeting was enlivened by the longest - serving Arab ruler , Libya 's flamboyant Muammar Qaddafi , who mumbled insults at King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia from behind his wraparound sunglasses .
The two later met to heal their rift , which began in 2003 when the king insulted Mr Qaddafi after the exposure of a Libyan plot to kill him .
But the meeting failed to resolve the biggest current row between leaders .
Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak , whose ancient and populous country once dominated inter-Arab diplomacy , disdained to travel to Qatar , reflecting intense irritation with diplomatically hyperactive Qatar .
Aside from hosting exiled foes of Mr Mubarak , the tiny , gas - rich emirate sponsors the al - Jazeera TV channel , which often ridicules Egypt 's 80 - year - old leader and backs the Muslim Brotherhood , his main opposition .
The iPhone and iPod Touch have a variety of applications for gamers , ranging from music - based games to role playing games .
But what if you just want to play some chess or classic tic - tac - toe ?
The iPhone has that covered , too .
There 's no need to lug around a chess set as long as there 's an iPhone in your pocket .
Whether you love checkers , tic - tac - toe , or even rock - paper - scissors , there are a ton of free applications you can download for hours of classic tabletop entertainment .
Browse through this list and you 're almost certain to find apps that appeal to your need to play your favorite childhood games .
What is your favorite board or tabletop game on the iPhone ?
Let us know in the comments .
Chess Applications
Chess Club Free -
Play online against players from all over the world via EDGE / 3G / Wi-Fi connections , meaning you can play anytime , anywhere .
The app includes timers , various rule sets , handicaps and more .
Chess O - Allows you to customize boards & pieces , choose different timing rules , control to undo , flip the board and more .
Chess Quest Lite -
This is n't a traditional chess game , but a set of puzzles to challenge you and make you better at the game .
The puzzles were prepared by chess champions and grandmasters .
Chess With Friends - Chess With Friends brings the old " chess by mail " concept into the 21st century .
You can run multiple games against people anywhere in a relaxed , turn - based system .
You can easily see what games are waiting for your move and what games you are waiting for your opponents to move .
Free Samurai Chess -
Play chess with others from all over the world in a gaming environment reminiscent of feudal Japan .
Glaurung Chess -
A robust single player chess game that allows for 100 levels of difficulty , three different opening move books , various modes of play style , take back moves and a host of other features .
i Chess ( Free ) -
Has numerous features such as themes , save & load games , hints by shaking the device , undo moves and many more .
Checkers Applications
AdCheckers LITE -
A basic checkers game that allows you to play against an AI or a friend .
It also includes realistic sounds of checkers on a board .
Checkers Free -
Unlike other free checkers applications , this one is n't a sample of a paid version , but a completely free game .
You can play one player against an AI or play against human opponents with fully configurable names , an undo button for mistaken clicks , and more .
Future releases will include rules for various checkers games from around the world .
Checkers Free ! -
This checkers game features both the American and Italian rules and allows you to play against an AI .
The paid version adds two player games and more difficulty levels for single players .
Checkers Lite -
The free version of this checkers application will let you play on three different difficulty levels against the AI .
Checkers Online Lite - Challenge players all over the world with this free application .
Allows for 8x8 boards as well as 10x10 tournament boards .
You can also chat with other players and set up a profile for yourself .
Simple Checkers - Just as the name implies , this checkers application is a simple version of the game that is geared towards players just starting off with playing the game .
Teeny Checkers Free -
A single player checkers app with an AI developed with the help of checkers and chess master Martin Fierz .
Chinese and Asian Game Applications
Connect 5 Free -
Sometimes also known as five - in - a - row , gomoku or gobang , the object is for you to get five of your pieces in a row while keeping your opponent from doing the same .
Play either the single player campaign or play against your friends .
GameBox Asia - GameBox
Asia allows you to play three classic tile - based Chinese games : Mahjong , Shisen - sho and Nagori .
Features multiple tile sets , board layouts , 28 levels of increasing difficulty and several other features .
GNU Go -
An open source project for making a better app for playing the ancient Chinese game of Go .
HuaRongDao - A Chinese puzzle game featuring 10 pieces of different sizes on a 5x4 board that you try to solve in as few moves as possible .
Features 13 levels of difficulty , a step counter , undo and more features .
i Gobang Lite -
The lite version of iGobang allows you to play against your iPhone on an 11x11 board on the normal difficulty setting .
i Mahjong Free -
Use your Jirbo.com avatar as you play this classic Mahjong puzzle game .
Match up the pieces and remove them as quickly as you can .
Moonlight Mahjong Lite - A 3D version of the well known mahjong matching tile game .
You can move around the three dimensional board to find all the matches using your fingers .
The Lite version features three different board layouts .
Shanghai Mahjong Free - Shanghai
Mahjong allows you to choose the designs on your tiles from numerous selections online , as well as change up your background images .
Only one puzzle configuration is available in the free version , but there are over 160 in the paid version .
Stones - Stones is another version of the ancient game of Go that allows you to play on boards of 9x9 , 13x13 and 19x19 .
All the stones are controlled by moving the actual stones as opposed to using menus and prompts .
Tetsuki - Tetsuki is another version of Go , but this version is for playing online against players from around the world .
It allows you to resume games after a disconnect , record live games , observe other players , chat with people and a whole lot more .
Memory and Puzzle Game Applications
a Maze !
Lite -
An implementation of the old - style wooden labyrinth ball game .
It requires you to gently tilt the iPhone around to work the ball through the obstacles to get to the various holes around the board .
BallMazingLE - Another take on the classic wooden puzzle game that keeps you moving a ball around a labyrinth board while avoiding the obstacles .
Descramble Free -
The traditional 15 - piece slider puzzle played on a 4x4 grid .
You try to get the pieces in order by sliding them around the board .
This app also offers up a 6x6 version .
Dizzee -
Watch the colored pattern and then repeat it when the game tells you to , but remember the patterns get longer and more complicated with each turn .
Very similar to the old Simon game from the 1980s .
I Say Free - I Say Free is another version of the colored / musical memory game Simon , where you follow along with the game memorizing the pattern and repeat it back .
As the game progresses , the patterns get longer and more complex .
imPuzzleble - Another version of the 15 piece slider puzzle .
This one features over 60 different puzzles of varying degrees of difficulty .
MonsterMatch - From Jirbo , this is a version of the old children 's memory game where you flip over cards to find the matching pairs .
This one has a Halloween theme , complete with monster images and spooky sound effects .
My Memory Free -
Another picture memory game , but this one allows you to add your own photos to the game so you can personalize it any way you like with your favorite vacation spots , your kids , friends and so on .
Reversi Applications
Black and White - Better known as Reversi or Othello , players control black and white chips in an attempt to control as much of the board as they can in their color .
Cool Reversi Lite -
A nice Reversi app that offers three levels of skill , skins support , two player support , 3D animation and more .
iReversei -
An online only version of reversi that will attempt to match you up with players of similar skill from around the world .
This app has support for Chinese , Dutch , English , Japanese and Russian .
Morocco -
A simple , no - frills version of Othello / Reversi .
It allows you to see hints to legal moves , save games when you leave so you can continue later , turn off disc animations and more .
Latrunculi LE - Latrunculi is sort of like Reversi except on a larger board with obstacles and a bit more strategy .
The object is the same : get your stones on two sides of an opponent 's piece to have it change color .
The shape of the board and the obstacles increase the difficulty .
Reversi Lite - Reversi
Lite allows you to play against your iPhone on easy , medium or hard settings , lets you undo moves , see suggested moves and more .
Reversi Master - A simple Reversi app that allows you to play on 3 difficulty levels .
It also has unlimited undos and 8 different backgrounds .
Reversi Online Tournament LITE -
Play against other people from around the world , pick and choose who to play , watch other games in progress and more features .
Tournament Reversi Free -
A version of Reversi for those that wish to play online with people from around the world .
Play against a second player on the same device or play against an AI - this app covers all of the bases .
Strategy Applications
Backgammon Lite - Choose from three levels of difficulty that control the artificial intelligence of the system .
Does n't have all the bells and whistles of the full version , but gives you all the basic fun of backgammon .
Cribbage Lite -
A single player version of cribbage that allows you to play against the computer .
It cuts the deck to determine who goes first , keeps track of stats and more .
Dots Free -
The old school room game of drawing lines between dots .
The person to complete the last line that forms the box wins control of that box .
The person with the most boxes at the end of the game wins .
Four in a Row Free - Similar to the classic Connect Four game , Four in a Row Free allows you to play against your Apple gadget on easy , medium or hard levels .
You can also play against other people and , if you are just insanely bored , you can set the game to play against itself and sit back and watch .
Lux Touch - A game of world domination through war .
You battle against the other colored armies to take over the world one country at a time .
Each turn you capture a country , you earn a card you can turn in for extra armies .
Yes , it does sound , and look , an awful lot like the classic Risk board game .
PegJump -
The classic wooden block / peg game with 15 holes has comes to the iPhone and iPod Touch .
Jump the pegs around the board until only one remains .
Features custom peg colors , six different boards , the ability to set a picture from your library as the background image and more .
Rows 3D Lite - A 3D version of the rows game where you try to get four in a row onto spindles with your colored beads .
You can rotate the board so you can look at it from all angles .
Touch4 : FS5 ( Free ) - A four - in - a - row game that can be played online against players from all over the world .
You can see where your opponents are from , keep track of your records , and a whole lot more .
Tic - tac - toe Applications
iTac Lite - Play tic - tac - toe against your friends and keep track of your win / loss ratios .
The game has two different themes for you to play .
Kate 's Tic Tac
Toe -
It 's tic - tac - toe .
No bells .
No whistles .
Just tic - tac - toe .
Tic Tac
Toe -
Just a basic version of tic - tac - toe with plans to add AI opponents later on .
Tic Tac Toe Free - Tic Tac
Toe Free supports both single player and two player games .
In single player mode the AI can be set at different difficulty levels .
Tic - Tac - Toe Lite -
A single player tic - tac - toe game that allows you to play against the computer on easy , medium or hard settings .
Tic - Tac - Touch : FS5 ( Free ) - A fairly advanced tic - tac - toe game that lets you play against others online over EDGE , 3G or Wi-Fi .
You can even set up multiplayer over devices on the same network .
Has features such as undo , hints , score tracking and more .
TicTacJoe - A traditional game of tic -tac - toe where the Os have been replaced by donuts and the Xs by cups of coffee .
Miscellaneous Game Applications
Battletaire Lite - Battleship Solitaire - A mixture of sudoku and the old Battleship game .
You start with a few revealed squares and then try to locate the 10 hidden ships on each level .
Bingo Card - Bingo Card can generate an unlimited number of bingo cards , and while it is built to work with the Bingo Caller app , it can be used in any bingo calling situation .
Just tap on a number to mark a square , and if you mark one by accident , you can just tap it again to unmark it .
CEO Bingo - Bored during a conference call ?
Pull up CEO Bingo and you can play a bingo card populated with some of favorite CEO buzzwords such as " number one , " " foster , " " forward thinking " and more .
Croke Lite -
The classic tabletop game crokinole comes to the iPhone and iPod Touch .
Players compete to move discs into high scoring areas and knock the opposition out of place .
This version only allows for play against the AI .
Mancala Lite - Mancala is a game played all over the world and is considered a " count - and - capture " game .
This particular app allows you to play with the Kalah and Oware rule sets against the computer .
Rock - paper - scissor FREE - Just in case playing rock - paper - scissors is too difficult with your hands , now you can play it on your iPhone or iPod Touch .
More free iPhone resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , tingberg
Summary :
When tools for fighting against Conficker only run on GNU / Linux
C OMPANIES WHOSE machines leak sensitive data , attack other machines , and cause other forms of sabotage need not fret .
They can finally assess the damage already done , if any .
They will , however , need to get hold of GNU / Linux first .
To help companies detect Conficker scans and probes on their networks , MicroSolved is offering a free tool – a Linux - only HoneyPoint GUI .
You can download the zip file from here .
Is n’t it a classic ?
GNU / Linux is required for repair of damage caused by a Microsoft Windows - exclusive problem .
Conficker is still very much alive by the way .
From the latest news :
1. Conficker : The Windows Worm That Wo n’t Go Away
The Conficker worm continues to slither its way across the Internet , and a major update for the malware is looming on April 1 .
Just what will happen is anyone ’s guess , security researchers say , but there are malware removal tools and protections out there for users .
2. Final countdown to Conficker ‘ activation ’ begins
Starting on 1 April , Windows PCs infected by the latest variant of the Conficker worm ( Conficker - C ) will start attempting to contact a sample of 50,000 pre-programmed potential call - home web servers from which they might receive updates , a massive increase on the 250 potential web server locales used by earlier variants of the code .
To diagnose the problem , a GNU / Linux - based HoneyPoint can be used , but why not address and resolve the problem at the source ?
As we explained before , " Conficker is a Blessing to GNU / Linux . "
Those who want to resolve the problem for good can prepare for a migration to GNU / Linux .
It has already saved the French police a bundle . █
More on Conficker
Share in other sites / networks :
These icons link to social bookmarking sites where readers can share and discover new web pages .
Permalink Send this to a friend
The scandal engulfing the Royal Bank of Scotland reaches new heights today with serious allegations from a senior Labour politician that at least three of its former non-executive directors may have been intimidated and threatened with the sack for asking searching questions about its financial affairs .
The Observer can reveal that a former government minister , Lord Foulkes of Cumnock , who has been extensively briefed by former bank insiders , has written to the Financial Services Authority , the City watchdog , asking it to pursue the claims which , if true , could trigger a criminal investigation .
The intervention by Foulkes , who is also a member of the Scottish parliament and sits on the Commons security and intelligence committee , comes amid fears that the bank will be exposed as the UK 's equivalent of Enron - the US trader that collapsed amid systemic fraud .
Last night Foulkes said there was " widespread public anger among the public and Parliament that bankers in the midst of this financial crisis appear to be profiting and no action is being taken in relation to action which could constitute criminal offences " .
In relation to claims of intimidation , Foulkes said : " If it were to transpire that executives were pressured in such a way , then that is a most serious matter indeed that needs urgent action . "
He is also understood to have been disturbed by claims that the bank misled investors over its exposure to bad debts .
Yesterday it was reported that more than £ 30bn of " toxic " sub - prime mortgages were bought for RBS by traders in 2007 without the board being informed - a claim denied by the bank .
Foulkes 's letter to the FSA chairman , Lord Turner , states : " You will be aware that there is widespread disquiet that , unlike in the USA , there appears to be no action being taken against any of the UK bankers who may have been culpable of one or more offences in their dealings . "
He asks Turner to address " whether any knowingly false statements were made or prospectuses issued that could have led potential investors or depositors to believe the position was more favourable than the board knew it to be and whether there was any intimidation of non-executive directors who had been asking probing questions which led them to believe they would not be reappointed if they continued to pursue such searching questions " .
Matthew Oakeshott , the Liberal Democrat treasury spokesman in the Lords , said : " I have never come across such damaging claims of megalomania , cover - up and intimidation ...
Never mind Northern Rock .
I am really afraid that RBS will turn out to have been another Enron . "
Foulkes 's letter will be seen as the latest attempt by the establishment to up the ante on Sir Fred Goodwin , the bank 's former chief executive , who has been blamed for its demise .
Last month , Gordon Brown made a personal demand for Goodwin to hand back some of his £ 16 m pension and pledged to take " all the legal action necessary " if he did not comply .
The bank 's financial reports reveal that the former non-execs , who included Peter Sutherland , chairman of BP , Jim Currie , the former head of Customs and Excise and Steve Robson , a former adviser to the Treasury , were paid a basic fee of £ 72,500 a year .
According to RBS , they were meant to " satisfy themselves on the integrity of financial information and that financial controls and systems of risk management are robust and defensible " .
Concerns that the bank 's non-executives failed to hold the board to account are bound to throw up further questions about how RBS was being run as it transformed itself from a relatively small outfit into one of the world 's largest financial institutions .
RBS said the bank had not seen Foulkes 's letter and could not comment .
However , a source close to the bank said allegations that the non-executive directors were pressurised may have some foundation .
" Bullied is too strong a word , but , like many companies , somebody is clearly the leader and they may throw their weight around , " the source said .
Last month RBS recorded a loss of £ 28bn - the largest in UK corporate history .
Its catastrophic collapse has forced the government to take a 75 % stake in the bank .
UK taxpayers are also having to underwrite billions of pounds of its toxic loans bought by subsidiaries in the US .
When contacted about Foulkes 's letter , a spokesman for the FSA said : " We do n't comment on whether or not we are going to pursue individual companies unless it is decided it is a matter of interest to the public . "
Much more information is needed to better assess the animal 's status
The first camera - trap photographs of the critically endangered Northwest African , or Saharan cheetah , have been obtained in an experiment in Algeria .
The images were captured as part of a project run by the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) and Office du Parc National de l'Ahaggar ( OPNA ) .
The animal is known with certainty to range in six countries : Algeria , Togo , Niger , Mali , Benin , and Burkina Faso .
But the total population may be fewer than 250 mature individuals .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
It managed to identify four different Saharan cheetahs using spot patterns unique to each animal .
" The Saharan cheetah is critically endangered , yet virtually nothing is known about the population , so this new evidence , and the ongoing research work , is hugely significant , " said ZSL's Dr Sarah Durant .
Farid Belbachir , who is running the field survey , added : " This is an incredibly rare and elusive subspecies of cheetah and current population estimates , which stand at less than 250 mature individuals , are based on guesswork .
" This study is helping us to turn a corner in our understanding , providing us with information about population numbers , movement and ecology . "
Populations are said to be very fragmented and small
Share Tweet Flip 0 Shares
10 . Kinky Copenhagen
Copenhagen , Denmark - October
For every ( legal ) kink you can dream of , there will be a stall in the Danish capital for it .
Think computer convention , but replace chips and wires with dildos , whips , leather , and latex .
This festival focuses on fringe sexual subculture and discusses openly what most would only dare explore in a dark , locked basement .
And for those who prefer straight - up sex without the pain and the uniforms will find strippers and porn lords galore .
The extreme body artists for whom tattoos are kids ' stuff .
The outrageous piercings , body modifications and implants here will leave you gasping .
India ’s first day of voting in a monthlong election got off to a rocky start Thursday as militants attacked polling efforts in four states , killing at least 17 people .
India ’s multiphase general election , as ambitious and complex as the nation itself , is a massive undertaking involving 714 million eligible voters using 1.3 million voting booths in more than 823,000 polling sites .
Although India is no stranger to violence between rival political groups , the sheer scope of the balloting effort also makes elections a tempting target for groups fighting the government , seeking autonomy or keen on building publicity for their cause , analysts said .
The attacks took place in several voting districts in the eastern part of India known as the “ red belt , ” a stronghold for the Maoist Naxalite groups that have tried for decades to overthrow the government and establish a communist replacement .
In separate incidents in Chhattisgarh state , a land mine killed five polling officials , two paramilitary soldiers died in a gunfight , and five polling stations came under fire , according to local media reports .
Advertisement
In neighboring Jharkhand state , six border guards , a bus driver and his assistant reportedly died on their way to an election center in another land mine explosion .
And in various incidents in Bihar and Orissa states , militants killed two security officials , fired on polling stations , destroyed voting machines and attacked vehicles .
Although it ’s easy to wrap these latest attacks into the broader regional struggle against Al Qaeda and the Taliban , that would be an oversimplification , said Praful Bidwai , an independent political analyst .
The Naxalites , named after a village where the struggle started in 1967 , have flourished in some of the poorest areas of India for decades in part because the government has fallen far short of its objectives , he said .
And there ’s no history of the rebels targeting civilians , he added .
“ The government says it has a two - pronged strategy , securing hearts and minds and putting down violence with a heavy hand , ” Bidwai said .
“ In fact , it ’s a single prong , the mere use of force .
Helicopter gunships are not going to do it . ”
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has characterized Maoist violence as India ’s biggest internal security threat .
“ The Maoist violence is a grave challenge before the country , ” Ashwini Kumar , spokesman for the ruling Congress Party , said after Thursday ’s attacks .
Advertisement
But analysts said the government has done little to address the underlying causes -- corruption , vigilante justice , extreme poverty and incestuous relations between local police and landlords -- that have fueled the movement in the impoverished region .
Suhas Chakma , director of the Asian Center for Human Rights , which monitors Naxalite violence , said the attacks were successful even though Indian security forces were on high alert after the Maoists threatened to disrupt polling .
“ It ’s clear the Maoists have gained the military capacity to strike the security forces at will , ” said Chakma , who estimates that the conflict has killed 1,000 people annually in recent years .
“ In areas where the Maoists are strong , the government is confined to the main roads .
And none of the government ’s programs to eradicate poverty have been effective , even though they say they ’re successful . ”
Over the last four decades , the Naxalite movement has splintered .
Analysts said it was unclear whether Thursday ’s attacks were well coordinated or the result of diverse cells going after an obvious target .
Advertisement
The outlawed Communist Party of India - Maoist , the group ’s political arm , has routinely called on supporters to boycott all elections .
--
mark.magnier@latimes.com
Pavitra Ramaswamy in The Times ’ New Delhi Bureau contributed to this report .
Exclusive : Why House Committee wanted Rove behind closed doors Larisa Alexandrovna
Published : Wednesday March 25 , 2009
Print This Email This The House Judiciary Committee chose to interview former White House Deputy Chief of Staff Karl Rove behind closed doors because they wanted more time to question him , and not as a concession to Bush Administration representatives , sources say .
 It was our choice ,  one House Judiciary aide told Raw Story .
According to two Judiciary Committee aides , the committee opted for the private testimony so that they could depose Rove for an extended period of time .
During a public hearing , each committee member would have only a few minutes to ask questions .
 We could question him for 12 hours if we choose to ,  said one of the aides .
Both aides confirmed that Rove would not be sworn in before his testimony but explained that testimony before Congress is de facto sworn testimony and any false statements would in fact be perjury regardless .
Asked why in that case Congress bothers to swear people in during public hearings , one of the aides quipped ,  Because it looks good . 
Roves attorney , Robert Luskin , confirmed that his client had not requested to be deposed in private .
 As I 've said many times , we were not a party to the negotiations , so I have no idea where any of its terms came from ,  Luskin wrote in an email .
The House Judiciary Committee has subpoenaed Rove three times in connection with allegations that he was directly involved in the firing of US Attorneys and the alleged political prosecution of former Alabama governor Don Siegelman .
Judiciary Chairman John Conyers ( D - MI ) ( above right ) subpoenaed Rove in 2007 and again in January and February of this year .
Rove did not appear for any of these subpoenas , with his representatives saying he was blocked by former President George W. Bushs claims of executive privilege .
Don Siegelman , the former Alabama governor who was convicted of bribery charges in 2006 and released on appeal this year , said he agreed with the Committees decision to question Rove behind closed doors .
 Rove can always be called back before the full Committee for a public hearing if there is reason for the Committee to do so ,  Siegelman said in an email .
 If the investigation and interrogation of Rove is done thoroughly then we will see Rove again in public testifying after first having been properly sworn in . 
No date has yet been set for Roves deposition .
Rove is expected to testify after the Judiciary Committee receives documents from former White House Counsel Harriet Miers and former White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten .
On June 13 , 2007 , the committee subpoenaed Miers and Bolten , requiring testimony on the US Attorney firings and the handing over of all related documents .
( More specific descriptions can be read here . )
They declined after President Bush invoked claims of executive privilege .
Miers and Bolton were found in Contempt of Congress on Feb. 14 , 2008 , and in July 2008 , a court ruled that White House aides were not immune from Congressional subpoenas .
 Harriet Miers is not immune from compelled congressional process ; she is legally required to testify pursuant to a duly issued congressional subpoena ,  U.S. District Judge John Bates wrote in his opinion .
The Judiciary Committee aides would not say whether the documents have been provided to the Committee already or how far along they were in the process of obtaining them .
Asked if Roves testimony will be made public immediately , one Judiciary aide said it would not .
 We want to question other people and call Rove in again if necessary ,  the aide said .
 We dont want any testimony to be influenced . 
The aide explained that they want to be sure that Rove and the others to be deposed do not compare notes ,  but that all testimony will be released to the public when the investigation is concluded .
The names of the other individuals to be questioned were not shared .
Both Judiciary aides would not comment on whether two figures allegedly involved in the prosecution of the former Alabama governor were on the list : Bill and Leura Canary .
Bill Canary is a former Alabama business partner of Roves ; his wife Leura was appointed the US Attorney for the Middle District of Alabama by President Bush .
Dana Jill Simpson , a Republican attorney turned whistleblower , appeared before the Committee in September 2007 and testified ( pdf ) that Rove and both Bill and Leura Canary had been directly involved in the investigation and prosecution of Siegelman .
Siegelman says he believes that Canarys testimony is key .
 The Committee now needs to subpoena Bill Canary 's phone and email records during the period of time he is to have been in contact with Rove about getting DOJ to prosecute me ,  Siegelman wrote in an email .
 They did n't get Nixon by calling Nixon and they did n't get John Gotti by calling Gotti ,  he added .
The Judiciary Committee wants to question Rove about Simpsons allegations .
Committee aides will also question Rove about the 2005 mid - term firing of nine US Attorneys by the Bush administration for allegedly refusing to indict Democrats , as well as on the alleged politicization of the Department of Justice for political advantage .
The US Attorneys were fired under a little - noticed clause in the Patriot Act .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
( CNN ) -- North Korea said Saturday any sanctions or pressure applied against it following its rocket launch earlier this month will be considered a " declaration of war . "
A North Korean soldier looks into South Korea from the demilitarized zone on April 9 .
In an announcement on state - run television , the country said it was ready to step up efforts to develop nuclear weapons and poised for a military response to any moves against it .
" The revolutionary armed forces of the DPRK are always keeping themselves fully ready to go into action any moment to mercilessly punish anyone who encroaches upon the sovereignty and dignity of the DPRK even a bit , " it said .
On Monday the United Nations condemned North Korea -- which refers to itself as the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , or DPRK -- for launching a rocket .
The United States called the launch a " provocative act " that violated a 2006 Security Council resolution prohibiting Pyongyang from conducting ballistic missile launches .
Pyongyang insists the April 5 launch was a successful mission to place a communications satellite into orbit .
The United States says the rocket 's payload did not reach orbit .
The U.N. statement says the rocket launch was " in contravention " to a 2006 Security Council resolution that demanded that North Korea not launch any ballistic missiles .
The 15 - member council also voted unanimously for a statement by the council 's president demanding the country make no more launches .
" The Korean People 's Army will consider sanctions to be applied against the DPRK under various names over its satellite launch or any pressure to be put upon it through ' total participation ' in the PSI ( Proliferation Security Initiative ) as a declaration of undisguised confrontation and a declaration of a war against the DPRK , " the announcement on state TV said .
" Now that the group officially declared confrontation and war against the DPRK , its revolutionary armed forces will opt for increasing the nation 's defense capability including nuclear deterrent in every way , without being bound to the agreement adopted at the six - party talks , " it continued , apparently referring to the Security Council .
Referring to South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , the statement added , " The Lee group of traitors should never forget that Seoul is just 50 kilometers ( 31 miles ) away from the Military Demarcation Line . "
That line was established by the 1953 Armistice Agreement between the two Koreas -- which are still technically at war .
A Friday report North Korea 's official KCNA news agency , seemed to blame the " war hysteria " on the United States and South Korea after the two countries carried out a combined air force operation in South Korea .
The " ' South Korea - U.S. military alliance ' oft - repeated by them is , in essence , nothing but a ' war alliance ' and ' alliance for aggression ' aimed at invading the DPRK , " the report said .
" When a nuclear war will break out due to the war chariot of the ' South Korea - U.S. military alliance ' is a matter of time , " it said .
" The U.S. and South Korean warmongers would be well advised to stop acting rashly , properly understanding who their rival is . "
All About North Korea • United Nations • Nuclear Proliferation
Marine
One blueprints and avionics leaked to Iran through peer - to - peer network RAW STORY
Published : Saturday February 28 , 2009
Print This Email This
Thanks to a defense contractor 's errant use of a peer - to - peer file - sharing network , President Obama 's helicopter may not be as safe as it looks .
A Pittsburgh - area company that monitors peer - to - peer networks accessed with file - sharing software like LimeWire and Napster says it has identified a potentially serious security breach involving Marine One and an IP address in Tehran , Iran .
The company found a file detailing the helicopter 's blueprints and avionics package , which it then traced to its original source , Tiversa CEO Bob Boback told NBC affiliate WPXI , which reported the story Saturday .
" What appears to be a defense contractor in Bethesda , MD had a file sharing program on one of their systems that also contained highly sensitive blueprints for Marine One , " Boback said .
Tiversa also found information detailing the cost of Marine One .
He said that what probably happened is someone at the defense company began using a file - sharing program without realizing it could leak sensitive and classified documents because the programs can allow others to access your hard drive .
Tiversa notified the U.S. government immediately so that the security breach and its potential effect on President Obama could be dealt with .
Retired Gen. Wesley Clark , an adviser to Tiversa , said he knows exactly which U.S. computer leaked the Marine One information , and that that person may soon be unemployed , according to WPXI .
" I 'm sure that person is embarrassed and may even lose their job , but we know where it came from and we know where it went , " Clark said , adding that other military information has been found online in the past .
Iran is n't the only country considered unfriendly to the United States that appears to be accessing sensitive information via the Internet .
" We 've noticed it out of Pakistan , Yemen , Qatar , and China , " Boback said .
" They are actively searching for information that is disclosed in this fashion because it is a great source of intelligence . "
Rep. Jason Altmire ( D - Pa. ) said he would ask Congress to investigate how to prevent inadvertent peer - to - peer file leaks from happening again .
WPXI 's story on the security breach can be watched here .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
PHILADELPHIA 
It looked like the kind of toy telescope a child might have made with scissors and tape  a lumpy , mottled tube about as long as a golf club and barely wider in girth , the color of 400 - year - old cardboard , burning with age .
But near one knobby end was a bit of writing that sent Derrick Pitts , chief astronomer of the Franklin Institute here , into rapture .
The tube ’s focal length is “ piedi 3 , ” the inscription said , three feet .
It was in the hand of Galileo Galilei .
“ Absolutely amazing , ” Dr. Pitts said .
Thus did Galileo , one of history ’s great troublemakers , come to America .
By turning spyglasses like this to the sky 400 years ago and seeing mountains on the Moon and satellites whirling around Jupiter in contravention of the Earth - centered cosmology of Aristotle , Ptolemy and the Bible that had reigned for a thousand years , Galileo changed the world .
His discoveries propelled astronomers on a course toward discovering signs of the Big Bang and a shadowy modern cosmos suffused with dark energy and dark matter .
And his tangle with the church became the template for the war between science and religion that persists to this day .
Utah Senators Howard Stephenson ( R ) and Dennis Stowell ( R ) admitted on a conservative radio show Saturday that fellow Senator Chris Buttars was not stripped of his committee posts for anti-gay comments made during an interview , but because he broke a previous agreement not talk about gay issues .
As reported in the Deseret News …
“ I have to tell you publicly that most of what Sen .
Buttars said — I agree with , ” Sen .
Howard Stephenson , R - Draper , said on the weekly radio program “ Inside Utah Politics ” on KTKK - AM .
“ However , my concern is that we , as a Senate caucus , had an agreement that because Senator Buttars has become such a lightning rod on this issue , that he would not be the spokesperson on the issue . ”
Buttars violated that agreement , Stephenson said , adding that the comments undermined “ everything we ’ve done ” in the last three weeks of the legislative session .
“ I think the bulk of people in Utah agree with 90 percent of what he said , ” Sen .
Dennis Stowell , R - Parowan , chimed in on the radio program .
“ He is a lightning rod , and I ’m afraid the gay community ’s using him a little bit to get more publicity . ” ‘
Audio clip of the radio show below , relevant segment 38:20 minutes in — be sure to listen to the end of that segment — particularly the caller .
The entire clip may be worth a listen as well … just to get a sense of how clueless these folks really are …
Post by ILO on 03/02/09 at 12:51 am
[ audio : http://inlookout.com/site/wp-content/media/audio/buttars.mp3]
Web design is all about conveying information to the users in the most direct , clean and usable manner .
A corporate website also needs to capture the feel of the company and its purpose , while remaining professional in order to attain a solid and lasting impression to its customers .
Graphics , layouts and color palettes are all essential in how the customers perceive a company when visiting their website .
Dark color designs , for example , can be interpreted as serious , while blue hues give a feeling of trust .
Here are 50 corporate website designs that you can use for inspiration in your own corporate designs .
Which are your favorites ?
Please share with us other corporate designs that we may have missed …
- by Avi Abrams " QUANTUM SHOT " # 542 Link - by Avi Abrams
If you wondered who is on the cutting edge of futuristic vehicle design , here is your answer
Daniel Simon ,
God bless his skills and imagination , is the coolest concept vehicle designer this side of Saturn 's rings .
The future itself can't help but shrivel and scuttle into a corner when this mighty artist enters the room .
Yes !
the Future itself feels intimidated , knowing that it will have to come up with something as radical and smooth as Daniel 's visions in a few hundred years .
Get the book " Cosmic Motors " while it 's still available , and find a quiet corner to drool over it
We admit , this feature is a bit overdue , but not for a lack of trying !
It 's just that Daniel Simon is a super - busy guy these days and is pretty hard to catch .
Between designing the objects of future fetish and the newest luxury car models , he jet sets from Berlin to California three times on any given day .
One hour he is having lunch with the top Star Wars artist , the next - he is surfing with a bunch of dudes ( and supermodels ) in the sunny Land of the Free .
In the meantime , his futuristic vehicles book " Cosmic Motors " continues to sell like a bunch of Ganymedian pancakes , or hot pies during Russian perestroika - and he is on fire with designs for the next book .
So check out this catalog of galactic machinery , before it disappears from the stores ( you can also order it from his site ) :
DETONATOR : a magnum - sized street - cruiser bike with a V8 engine
Daniel Simon says ( in February 2008 ) " Yeah , I really like your site and think it 's really cool , so , lets do it , tell me what you need !
Best and until soon ... "
That soon turned out to be a full year , and finally we are able to exclusively feature his designs , and damn the torpedoes !
( the pin-up style of some of his sexy drivers and machinery put our mind into a chrome - sleek - vintage - retro - pulp - WorldWarTwo - patriotic mode )
The Astrocon TAOOA light ray gunner
At some point we sent deeply philosophical , life - altering questions to Simon , to which he replied by sending us his book ( which rocked the socks off our editorial team ) and saying that he'd work on the answers while on the plane .
However , the answers got siphoned off the airplane into a big blue yonder and are slowly drifting to the ground somewhere over China .
In the meantime , here are some interesting facts from introduction to his book :
A pilot of the CAMARUDO pilot training vehicle and a cockpit detail view
" In 2001 he obtained his degree in vehicle design at the University of Applied Science in Pforzheim , Germany .
After completion he went to Barcelona and designed concept cars for Bugatti and Lamborghini , followed by 5 years in the VW Group 's Advanced Design ...
He has since returned to Berlin and founded the Daniel Simon Studio where he is designing virtual vehicles for his brand Cosmic Motors , published in his first book " Cosmic Motors " .
In parallel he continues to be a car designer , and offers his services to premium car makers . "
Lots of things happen " long time ago , in a galaxy far far away " .
But " Cosmic Motors " happened in your nearby bookstore .
So go there and get it - we only hope that this book will be followed by two sequels , three prequels and one TV animation series .
Design process of the Cosmic Motors DETONATOR bike .
Here you can see how much joy the curves of a properly - designed luxury car can bring to a blissful eye :
An " epic vehicle " is one way to describe the exploration Ice Train that routinely meets two dozen Cthulhu on any given trip ( who line up for credit for a chance of ownership , on their unspeakable terms ) .
It 's big , it 's gorgeous , and it knows it :
ICETRAIN is a gigantic ground patrol vehicle , over 180 feet long
Stewardesses of these sexy vehicles are pretty sexy , too .
Almost as groovy as the original " Joy of Flying " examples of the 1960s , see here -
This is probably the most atmospheric and moody image that we intensely like ( a " Hard Days Night " caption , perhaps ? ) -
All art courtesy and copyright Daniel Simon )
Detailed to the point of obsession , sleek and sensual enough to be considered evil - these machines haunt your dreams and DRIVE your desires , prompting you to look on your current car with a sort of deep sadness ...
Order the book directly from the publisher here or from Amazon here .
On the right is the cover of another great concept art book we recommend :
ALSO READ : " Extravagant Designs by Luigi Colani " ->
Permanent Link ... ...+ StumbleUpon ...+ Facebook
Category : Auto , Art
Red Hat has announced a deal with Microsoft that will help boost virtualization compatibility between Windows and Red Hat Enterprise Linux .
Both sides are touting the agreement as an important step for empowering interoperability in mixed environments where both platforms are used .
Unlike the controversial agreement between Microsoft and Novell , this deal does not contain any patent provisions or exclusionary intellectual property indemnification arrangements .
This represents a major change in direction for Microsoft , because the Redmond giant has consistently refused to make interoperability agreements under such terms in the past .
Shortly after Microsoft and Novell announced their partnership in 2007 , Microsoft publicly declared that Linux technologies infringe on hundreds of Microsoft 's patents — a claim that has never been substantiated .
Microsoft said that it would not negotiate any interoperability pacts with Linux vendors unless they agreed to also sign Novell - style patent indemnification agreements that are hostile to the kind of downstream redistribution that is inherent in the open source development model .
Red Hat offered several times to collaborate with Microsoft on interoperability issues outside the scope of patent agreements , but Microsoft argued that interoperability can't be addressed without first " solving the licensing issue . "
Microsoft has apparently reversed its position on that matter .
Under the terms of the new agreement , the two companies will mutually participate in each other 's virtualization certification programs and collaboratively provide customers with official support for mixed deployments .
What compelled Microsoft to do this without an IP indemnification deal ?
The company claims that it is in response to customer demand .
" Customer demand is the main driver behind these agreements with our competitor , " said Microsoft virtualization manager Mike Neil in a blog entry .
" Microsoft is pragmatically focused on helping customers and partners be successful in a heterogeneous IT world .
We 're committed to enable and support interoperability with non-Windows OSes .
As a result we take a multifaceted approach to interoperability . "
There is a growing body of evidence which demonstrates that Microsoft 's approach to open source software is changing .
For example , Microsoft is now a contributing member of the Apache software foundation and has released several of its own projects — including the Dynamic Language Runtime — under OSI - approved open source licenses .
Microsoft 's agreement with Red Hat is yet anther sign that Microsoft is accepting the reality of the open source software industry 's large and growing relevance .
Red Hat is the top Linux server vendor and Microsoft has been sacrificing business opportunities by refusing to play ball in Red Hat 's court .
Microsoft has surely realized by now that Red Hat is never going to back down from its position on intellectual property issues , so Microsoft loses nothing by dropping the IP prerequisite .
In the end , this is a win for both companies and their customers .
Baseball and I : The First Few Weeks
Dedicated baseball fans throughout America realize there ’s an intangible contract one signs at the beginning of April .
In following one ’s favorite team , the signee accepts the prospect of having 162 good days , 162 bad days , or any number in between .
The season is long : a half - year jaunt whose push and pull seamlessly seeps into every corner of the fan ’s life .
For fantasy owners , this effect is even more intense .
I ’m finding that out now for the first time in my life , as a group of my buddies finally convinced me to sign up for their league .
I ’ve heard it described that every episode of “ Seinfeld ” and the “ The Sopranos ” can serve as a near - factual model for the way American life works , whether they exemplify the battle of the sexes , the tensions and joys of friendships , the need and dismay of romance , the absurdity of life , the power of death , or the pleasure of solitude .
For myself , it ’s always been baseball , as its mixture of celebration , defeat , and the bizarre seem to perfectly mirror life as a whole .
As a write this , Tim Lincecum is off to a rocky start for the year while Tim Wakefield is pitching a no-hitter into the eight inning .
Who would ’ve thought ?
Here are five random observations about the first few weeks of the season …
1. Fantasy Baseball
How anyone could sign up for more than one of these leagues is beyond me .
I was under the impression that I would simply have to monitor my team once a week , only having the urge to check the scoreboard every now and then .
Turns out , you need to treat your team with the same love and attention you would a girlfriend or a dying pet .
Throughout my day I ’m checking Yahoo ’s GameChannel and Stattracker , yelling at numbers and diagrams on my screen as they are updated in real time .
I ’m reading the columns by fantasy “ pundits ; ” I ’m about to buy the MLB Extra Innings package ; I ’m contemplating trades , drops , and pickups ; friendships hang in the balance each week in our head to head league .
And all the while I ’m realizing that this at times very complicated critical thinking could be put to better use for something like , I do n’t know , NASA .
But then who would give J.D. Drew another chance to prove himself as a fantasy stud ?
2. Petco Park in San Diego
My dad and I went to the Dodgers vs. Padres game on April 7th in San Diego .
Petco Park reminds me of AT&T Park in San Francisco in that it ’s one of these newer stadiums that is large but not imposing , modern but also classy .
There ’s a cool architectural feature integrated which angles all the seats on the baselines towards home plate allowing for a direct view of the at - bat .
Also ,
The Padres organization ( perhaps as an apology for putting together yet another lackluster team and the eventual exit of Jake Peavy ) has offered one of the best concessions deals I ’ve ever seen .
For $ 5 , you can get a soda , a hot dog , a bag of peanuts or a box of Cracker Jacks , and a cookie .
For $ 10 , you can substitute the soda for a beer .
Out of the 15 or so ballparks I ’ve visited in my lifetime , I ’ve never seen a value such as this .
I wish more organizations would wise up and give their fans an all - American lunchbox with this type of price tag .
3. Nick Adenhart
Although I ’m a dyed - in - the - wool Dodger fan , it ’s virtually impossible to escape Angel news living in the Los Angeles area .
Pair that with the fact that I ’m quickly becoming a fantasy baseball eccentric and I can’t help but fully comprehend the current plight of the Angels pitching staff .
With starting pitchers John Lackey , Ervin Santana , and Kelvim Escobar all on the DL , the Angels looked desperately to fill the void .
They found a brief ray of hope in the young Nick Adenhart who started one game for the Angels last week before being killed by a drunk driver shortly thereafter .
The Angels and the rest of baseball reacted with due respect and diligence .
However , it was Dodgers longtime broadcaster Vin Scully who succinctly put into words every thought , feeling , and impulse we as children , parents , and baseball fans could have concerning the situation :
“ If I may speak for every member of the Dodger organization , our heartfelt and deepest sympathies to the mother and family of Nick Adenhart , and to every member in the Angels organization , for the untimely accident and death of young Nick last night at the tender age of twenty - two .
Nick , from Maryland , had pitched six scoreless innings and was in a car with three friends , and a driver apparently went through a red light and T - boned the car , killing three of the four , including Nick , and one other member is in critical condition .
And if there is one thing I ’ve learned in all my years — and I have n’t learned much — but the one thing I ’ve learned :
Do n’t even waste your time trying to figure out life .
Ground ball through for Andre Ethier , and life continues for those who still have it .
And with a leadoff single , Russell Martin will be coming up .
But I would say , it would n’t be a bad idea to take a moment and say a prayer in memory for Nick , especially for his parents .
What a shock to lose a twenty - two - year - old .
Andre Ethier at first base , Russell Martin the batter , James Loney on deck , and the Dodgers try to strike in the second inning against Kevin Correia . ”
Perfect .
4. The Home Opener at Dodger Stadium
Vin Scully , whose spoken baseball poetry can be witnessed above , celebrated his 60th year in broadcasting by throwing out the ceremonial first pitch to Dodgers manager Joe Torre .
I had been standing in line to use the bathroom for over fifteen minutes when I heard them calling Scully ’s name .
I looked at the people behind me and said , “ We should n’t miss this . ”
As far as I know , I ’m the only one who ran out of line .
And I ’m glad I did , because watching Scully , a legend in baseball Americana , toss the ball to Torre , another great , kicked off one of the most sublime baseball experiences I ’ve ever had .
Orlando Hudson , of all people , hit for the cycle – the first time that ’s happened at Dodger Stadium and only the second time in L.A. Dodgers history .
The Dodgers routed the Giants for an 11 - 1 victory .
My friends and I feasted on $ 5 hot dogs and $ 10 beers .
We waited almost three hours in traffic to get home .
Numerous fights broke out in the stands during the game ( one during “ God Bless America ” in the 7th inning ) .
Apparently , someone was even stabbed .
Always the good with the bad .
Do n’t even try and figure it out .
5. Baseball and Women
The sad part is , if one or the other was never created , I ’d have a much easier time .
It ’s trying to convince the two to get along that ’s the problem .
I ’m a guy who writes about baseball , watches a ton of baseball on TV , goes to as many professional baseball games as possible , and now participates in a fantasy baseball league .
Unfortunately — and I ’m just now finding this out — women in their early twenties do not find these to be desirable attributes in their men .
Funny thing is , these are desirable attributes for myself .
Find me a girl that can name the Dodgers starting lineup and I ’m ready to take the plunge .
Hell , if she knows how many innings there are in a game , I ’m interested .
I met a girl yesterday at a local restaurant / bar who not only liked baseball but also found the idea of fantasy sports intriguing .
Did it work out ?
No , it did n’t because she ’s obviously already taken .
So , men , they are out there .
And like hitting a Tim Wakefield knuckleball out of the park , timing is everything .
The Wall Street Journal revealed April 24 that current National Security Agency ( NSA ) director Lt. General Keith Alexander will “ head the Pentagon ’s new Cyber Command . ”
Friday ’s report follows an April 22 piece published by the Journal announcing the proposed reorganization .
The Obama administration ’s cybersecurity initiative will , according to reports , “ reshape the military ’s efforts to protect its networks from attacks by hackers , especially those from countries such as China and Russia . ”
When he was a presidential candidate , Obama had pledged to elevate cybersecurity as a national security issue , “ equating it in significance with nuclear and biological weapons , ” the Journal reported .
The new Pentagon command , according to The Washington Post , “ would affect U.S. Strategic Command , whose mission includes ensuring U.S. ‘ freedom of action ’ in space and cyberspace , and the National Security Agency , which shares Pentagon cybersecurity responsibilities with the Defense Information Systems Agency . ”
How Cyber Command ’s launch would effect civilian computer networks is unclear .
However , situating the new agency at Ft. Meade , under the watchful eyes of National Security Agency snoops , should set alarm bells ringing .
Charged with coordinating military cybersecurity programs , including computer network defense as well as a top secret mission to launch cyber attack operations against any and all “ adversaries , ” the new command has been mired in controversy ever since the U.S. Air Force declared it would be the lead agency overseeing Cyber Command with the release of its “ Strategic Vision ” last year .
Since that self - promotional disclosure however , multiple scandals have rocked the Air Force .
In 2007 , a B - 52 Stratofortress bomber flew some 1,500 miles from Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota to Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana with six live nuclear - tipped cruise missiles affixed to its wings .
For nearly six hours , the Air Force was unable to account for the missing weapons .
While the scandal elicited scarcely a yawn from the corporate media , physicist Pavel Podvig wrote ,
The point is that the nuclear warheads were allowed to leave Minot and that it was surprised airmen at Barksdale who discovered them , not an accounting system that ’s supposed to track the warheads ’ every movement ( maybe even in real time ) .
We simply do n’t know how long it would ’ve taken to discover the warheads had they actually left the air force ’s custody and been diverted into the proverbial “ wrong hands . ”
Of course , it could be argued that the probability of this kind of diversion is very low , but anyone who knows anything about how the United States handles its nuclear weapons has said that the probability of what happened at Minot was also essentially zero .
( “ U.S. loose nukes , ” Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists , 12 September 2007 )
As a result of the affair and numerous procurement scandals , Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Michael Mosley and Air Force Secretary Michael Wynne were fired by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates for incompetence .
Numerous defense analysts believe this was a major reason why the Air Force was supplanted as the lead Cyber agency .
While one can reasonably support government efforts to protect critical infrastructure such as electrical grids , chemical plants , nuclear power stations or the nation ’s air traffic control system from potentially devastating attacks that would endanger the health and safety of millions of Americans , these goals can be achieved by writing better programs .
Yet from its inception , Cyber Command has been theorized as a nodal point for launching crippling attacks against the civilian and military infrastructure of imperialism ’s enemies .
As I reported last July , Air Force Cyber Command ( AFCYBER ) is centered at the secretive Barksdale Air Force Base .
At the time , AFCYBER had a unified command structure and a $ 2 billion budget through the first year of its operations .
The Air Force Times reported last year that AFCYBER “ has established 17 new enlisted and officer Air Force Specialty Codes–creating major changes in the career paths of more than 32,000 airmen . ”
Whether or not the command structure already in place will transfer to NSA is unknown as of this writing .
Nor is it clear whether AFCYBER ’s offensive capability–real or imagined –will transfer to NSA .
But with billions of dollars already spent on a score of top secret initiatives , included those hidden within Pentagon Special Access ( SAP ) or black programs , its a safe bet they will .
Defense analyst William M. Arkin points out in Code Names , that these programs fall under the rubric of Special Technical Operations ( STO ) .
Arkin defines these as ,
Classified SAPs and other programs , weapons and operations associated with the CIA and “ other government agencies . ”
Entire separate channels of communication and clearances exist to compartment these military versions of clandestine and covert operations involving special operations , paramilitary activity , covert action , and cyber - warfare .
A STO “ cell ” exists in the Joint Chiefs of Staff and at most operational military commands to segregate STO activity from normal operational activity , even highly classified activity .
( Code Names : Deciphering U.S. Military Plans , Programs , and Operations in the 9/11 World , Hanover , NH : Steerforth Press , 2005 , p. 20 )
Specific cyber - warfare programs identified by Arkin include the following : Adversary : an Air Force information warfare targeting system ; Arena : an “ object - based ” simulation program to create “ country studies of electronic infrastructure characteristics , targeting analyses , operational information warfare plans ” as well as nearly three dozen other cyber - war programs and / or exercises .
Many of the Pentagon ’s cyber - warfare initiatives flow directly from research conducted by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) .
For example , the agency ’s Information Processing Techniques Office ( IPTO ) has a brief to “ create the advanced information processing and exploitation science , technologies , and systems for revolutionary improvements in capability across the spectrum of national security needs . ”
As can be seen from the brief survey above , the vast majority of Pentagon programs concern Cyber Command ’s offensive capability of which denial of service and other attacks against “ adversaries ” in the heimat are a distinct possibility .
The Journal reports ,
The Department of Homeland Security is charged with securing the government ’s nonmilitary networks , and cybersecurity experts said the Obama administration will have to better define the extent of this military support to Homeland Security .
“ It ’s a fine line ” between providing needed technical expertise to support federal agencies improving their own security and deeper , more invasive programs , said Amit Yoran , a former senior cybersecurity official at the Homeland Security Department .
( Siobhan Gorman , “ Gates to Nominate NSA Chief to Head New Cyber Command , ” The Wall Street Journal , April 24 , 2009 )
The Obama administration is expected to announce the the new agency ’s launch next week , after completing what it terms a “ comprehensive review ” in addition to recommendations for cybersecurity policy .
Geoff Morrell , a Pentagon spokesperson , told the Journal that Gates is “ planning to make changes to our command structure to better reflect the increasing threat posed by cyber warfare , ” but “ we have nothing to announce at this time . ”
Morrell said the Department of Defense ’s 2010 budget proposal “ calls for hiring hundreds more cybersecurity experts . ”
Aside from lining the pockets of enterprising grifters in the shadowy world populated by intelligence corporations , where top secret clearances are traded like highly - prized baseball cards , the potential for abuse by NSA given that agency ’s key role in illegal domestic surveillance raise the prospect of further entrenching the agency in our lives .
While Alexander sought to allay fears that NSA was out to run the nation ’s cybersecurity programs , he hastened to add that the agency ’s “ tremendous technical capabilities ” would be used to “ assist ” DHS in securing the government ’s civilian networks .
But given AFCYBER ’s brief for offensive operations , what does this mean for civil liberties ?
As The New York Times reported April 17 , with NSA leading the charge to control “ the government ’s rapidly growing cybersecurity programs , ” critics within the national security apparatus fear the move by Gates “ could give the spy agency too much control over government computer networks . ”
The Times avers ,
Rod Beckstrom , who resigned in March as director of the National Cyber Security Center at the Homeland Security Department , said in an interview that he feared that the N.S.A. ’s push for a greater role in guarding the government ’s computer systems could give it the power to collect and analyze every e-mail message , text message and Google search conducted by every employee in every federal agency .
( James Risen and Eric Lichtblau , “ Control of Cybersecurity Becomes Divisive Issue , ” The New York Times , April 17 , 2009 )
This is hardly an issue that should only concern government insiders or those who engage in bureaucratic in - fighting as if it were a blood sport .
As a Pentagon agency , NSA has positioned itself to seize near total control over the country ’s electronic infrastructure , thereby exerting an intolerable influence–and chilling effect–over the nation ’s political life .
As we have seen in our recent history , NSA and their partners at CIA , FBI , et. al. , have targeted political dissidents : to varying degrees , antiwar organizers , socialist , anarchist and environmental activists have fallen under NSA ’s electronic driftnet , most recently during last year ’s Republican National Convention .
As I reported last November , during the RNC conclave in St. Paul , Minnesota , local , state , federal officials as well as private security and telecommunications corporations conspired to target activists , journalists and concerned citizens during the so - called National Special Security Event .
The whistleblowing website Wikileaks published a leaked planning document which outlined the close coordination across multiple agencies , including the FBI , NSA , U.S. Northern Command and the National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency ( NGA ) .
Cell - phones and other electronic communications were routinely monitored in real - time and NGA provided detailed analysis derived from military spy satellites .
A “ Strategic Vision ” in the Service of Repression
Although the Air Force has lost out to NSA over control of Cyber Command , AFCYBER ’s planning document still provides a valuable glimpse into the formidable infrastructure arrayed against the American people .
In the view of Air Force theorists , the strategic environment confronting imperialism is described as “ unpredictable and extremely dangerous , ” characterized “ by the confluence of globalization , economic disparities , and competition for scarce resources . ”
And as “ economic disparities ” grow , particularly during a period of profound capitalist economic meltdown , newer and more effective measures to ensure compliance are required by the ruling class and its state .
This is underscored by Cyber Command ’s goal “ to achieve situational dominance at a time and place of our choosing . ” [ emphasis added ]
According to the Air Force ,
Global vigilance requires the ability to sense and signal across the electromagnetic spectrum .
Global reach requires the ability to connect and transmit , using a wide array of communications networks to move data across the earth nearly instantaneously .
Global power is the ability to hold at risk or strike any target with electromagnetic energy and ultimately deliver kinetic and non-kinetic effects across all domains .
These cyberspace capabilities will allow us to secure our infrastructure , conduct military operations whenever necessary , and degrade or eliminate the military capabilities of our adversaries .
( Air Force Cyber Command , “ Strategic Vision , ” no date )
As Wired defense analyst Noah Shachtman wrote last year ,
The Air Force wants a suite of hacker tools , to give it “ access ” to–and “ full control ” of–any kind of computer there is .
And once the info warriors are in , the Air Force wants them to keep tabs on their “ adversaries ’ information infrastructure completely undetected . ” …
Traditionally , the military has been extremely reluctant to talk much about offensive operations online .
Instead , the focus has normally been on protecting against electronic attacks .
But in the last year or so , the tone has changed –and become more bellicose .
“ Cyber , as a warfighting domain . . . like air , favors the offense , ” said Lani Kass , a special assistant to the Air Force Chief of Staff who previously headed up the service ’s Cyberspace Task Force .
( “ Air Force Aims for ‘ Full Control ’ of ‘ Any and All ’ Computers , ” Wired , May 13 , 2008 )
While the cut and color of the uniform may have changed under the Obama administration , placing Cyber Command under NSA ’s wing will almost certainly transform “ cybersecurity ” into a euphemism for keeping the rabble in line .
Indeed , cybersecurity operations are fully theorized as a means of achieving “ full - spectrum dominance ” via “ Cyberspace Offensive Counter - Operations , ”
Cyberspace favors offensive operations .
These operations will deny , degrade , disrupt , destroy , or deceive an adversary .
Cyberspace offensive operations ensure friendly freedom of action in cyberspace while denying that same freedom to our adversaries .
We will enhance our capabilities to conduct electronic systems attack , electromagnetic systems interdiction and attack , network attack , and infrastructure attack operations .
Targets include the adversary ’s terrestrial , airborne , and space networks , electronic attack and network attack systems , and the adversary itself .
As an adversary becomes more dependent on cyberspace , cyberspace offensive operations have the potential to produce greater effects .
( “ Strategic Vision , ” op. cit. ) [ emphasis added ]
And when those “ greater effects ” are directed against American citizens theorized as “ adversaries ” by U.S. militarists and well - heeled corporate grifters , the problems posed by a panoptic surveillance state for a functioning democracy increase astronomically .
The already slim protections allegedly afforded by the shameful FISA Amendments
Act have already been breeched by NSA .
As The New York Times reported April 16 , NSA interception of the private e-mail messages and phone calls of Americans have escalated “ in recent months on a scale that went beyond the broad legal limits established by Congress last year . ”
As Wired reported April 17 , the NSA is n’t the only agency conducting cyber operations against American citizens .
One of the FBI ’s International Terrorism Operations Sections requested an assist from the Bureau ’s Cryptographic and Electronic Analysis Unit , CEAU , according to documents obtained by the magazine under the Freedom of Information Act .
The FBI “ geek squad ” was in a position to conduct a “ remote computer attack ” against the target , and that “ they could assist with a wireless hack to obtain a file tree , but not the hard drive content . ”
This followed an April 16 report published by Wired that a “ sophisticated FBI - produced spyware program has played a crucial behind - the - scenes role in federal investigations into extortion plots , terrorist threats and hacker attacks in cases stretching back at least seven years , newly declassified documents show . ”
But as I documented last year in a case involving activists targeted during anti-RNC protests , with “ preemptive policing ” all the rage in Washington , the same suite of hacking tools and spyware used to target criminals and terrorists are just as easily deployed against political activists , particularly socialists , anarchists and environmental critics who challenge capitalism ’s free market paradigm .
Despite these revelations , the Obama administration is poised to hand control of the nation ’s electronic infrastructure over to an out - of - control agency riddled with corporate grifters and militarists whose bottom - line is not the security of the American people but rather , the preservation of an economically and morally bankrupt system of private profit fueled by wars of aggression and conquest .
Computing Thoughts
Writing Software is Like ... Writing
by Bruce Eckel
April 21 , 2009
Summary
I finally figured out the right analogy for software development .
Alas , the target audience for this analogy wo n't be happy with it .
Advertisement
Why do we need an analogy ?
We know what we do .
We program computers , with all that entails .
And we know what that means , because we do it .
But to the stakeholders -- managers , CEOs , customers , shareholders , etc. -- software development is a mystery .
They do n't want to know everything about it , but they want to know enough to be able to predict the behavior of software development , at least approximately .
So stakeholders need an abstraction .
An analogy .
But for the analogy to be useful , it needs to hide the things that are n't important , and show the things that are .
We 've been flailing about with this problem for a long time , but we 've always been putting it in our terms , and it all makes sense to us , so we can't differentiate between a useful analogy and one that is less than helpful .
Mathematicians and engineers were the original programmers , so naturally we tried making it a science , and then engineering .
Mostly we discovered that no matter how much we want software to be like mathematical proofs or bridge - building , it is n't .
The stakeholders , trying to follow our analogies , asked questions that were important to them .
" If programming is like math , why are programs always broken ?
Math is right or wrong , software is just broken . "
And later , after we gave up on the science analogy , " If programmers are like engineers , I should be able to replace one engineer with another and get similar results , right ? "
This latter has been a huge source of consternation among stakeholders .
By and large , engineers have similar productivity levels .
And the results produced are verifiable .
There 's a lot of consistency in engineering , and if we call it " software engineering , " then there should be similar consistency in software .
The two typical approaches to this problem have been either big denial ( " ignore the differences and pretend all software development is the same " ) or little denial ( " The differences are accidental .
We can force consistency " ) .
Big denial just does n't work .
But little denial has produced repeated attempts at " standardization of software engineers , " the most notable of which is certification .
If only we had a certification process , the argument goes , then software engineers would be like real engineers , and they 'd all be consistent .
Fortunately certification has never gotten very far , because programmers could never be bothered to take such a thing seriously , and employers want to be able to hire the best programmers without regard to whether they have any particular degrees or credentials .
And the certification programs that do exist are always done for money , and that seems to inevitably flatten the curve .
I do n't know anyone , for example , that takes the basic Sun Java Certification seriously .
The more advanced Java certifications seem more interesting , but they also appear much more like workshops and less like tests to me .
At one point I ridiculed this attempt to make all programmers identical cogs in a machine by reducing our activity to its simplest behavior in Programming as Typing .
So we 're not scientists , and we 're not engineers .
How do we describe what we do to non-programmers in a way that makes sense to them ?
In particular , in a way that explains why there 's such a big difference in programmers , in programming projects , and in the success and failure of projects ?
Here 's my proposal .
I think it explains everything .
It will be very unsatisfying to stakeholders that want completely predictable behavior , and who want to replace one programmer with another and get identical results .
( That 's still not going to happen .
The only compensation for the unpredictability is approaches like the Agile methods , which increases the bandwidth of communication with the stakeholders ) .
We 're writers .
Most people can put words together into sentences .
They can communicate adequately without being great writers .
Most programmers can write some kind of program .
It probably wo n't be very good , but most companies do n't really need it to be very good .
Most companies only need basic programming skills .
A college degree in computer " science " from anywhere is good enough , and the job is just a job .
It does n't require much in the way of continuing education , conferences , workshops , or someone who is so interested in the craft of programming that they are always trying to learn more .
Such people can write , but it 's just basic writing .
They are not essayists or novelists -- and keep in mind that there are lots of articles and novels that get published that are not particularly well - written or worth reading .
Obviously such things seem to sell well enough to make the effort and risk worthwhile all around .
But someone who dedicates themselves to writing , who goes through the struggle of figuring it all out and discovering their own place in the world -- this is a very different kind of writer ( of prose or programs ) than the average programmer .
This person can produce more functionality faster , and the results will be clearer and deeper than ordinary code .
Finishing a novel is a very impressive feat .
Doing something that might be worth publishing -- that 's an even greater feat .
But the vast majority of published novels are n't worth reading .
Only a small fraction of writers create something really worthwhile , and no one , really , knows how they do it .
Each good novelist comes to their art in their own way .
And what about nonfiction ?
Every year there are about 5000 novels published , and about 50,000 nonfiction books .
Most of those nonfiction books are merely functional , not great reading .
But they contain useful information and enough people buy them to make it all worthwhile ( to the publisher , at least ) .
This answers one of the biggest questions -- why you can't replace a programmer with just any other programmer and get similar results .
It also suggests that you should evaluate what kind of project you 're creating when you decide who your team should be , and how it will run .
The creation of mysteries and young adult fiction and so - called " bodice rippers " and the vast sea of nonfiction books all have their own particular structure and constraints ( you'd be surprised at how rigid and controlling publishers are about these things , as if they are manufacturing some kind of basic commodity -- " the murder has to happen in the first 10 pages " etc. ) .
None of these are the mass - market bestsellers ( " killer apps " ) that are sold by the author 's voice and style ( few of which I find readable ) .
The mass - market bestsellers usually do n't coincide with the great writers , since most people do n't have the patience to read these meta- craftsmen , just as most programmers do n't read the source code for compilers .
Although stakeholders wo n't necessarily understand the intricate details of the writing and publishing process , they typically understand that there are different types of writing , and that the craft of writing is a weird , unfathomable and artistic process which can't guarantee results .
So even though " software is writing " is not necessarily going to increase the predictability of what we do , it may at least help non-programmers to understand its unpredictability .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 54 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bruce Eckel adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bruce Eckel ( www.BruceEckel.com) provides development assistance in Python with user interfaces in Flex .
He is the author of Thinking in Java ( Prentice - Hall , 1998 , 2nd Edition , 2000 , 3rd Edition , 2003 , 4th Edition , 2005 ) , the Hands - On Java Seminar CD ROM ( available on the Web site ) , Thinking in C++ ( PH 1995 ; 2nd edition 2000 , Volume 2 with Chuck Allison , 2003 ) , C++ Inside & Out ( Osborne / McGraw - Hill 1993 ) , among others .
He 's given hundreds of presentations throughout the world , published over 150 articles in numerous magazines , was a founding member of the ANSI / ISO C++ committee and speaks regularly at conferences .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2009 Bruce Eckel .
All rights reserved .
Democrats have been exorcising some of their most stubborn political demons of late .
In challenging former President George W. Bush over the war in Iraq , they showed they were overcoming their deep post - Vietnam fear of being painted as weak on defense when taking a strong anti-war stance .
Now , exhibiting comfort with rolling back Bush - era tax cuts , Democrats seem to be losing their anxiety about the tax - and - spend label .
But there is one issue that retains the power to leave Democrats quivering : gun rights .
Gun issues still persistently tie the party in knots and have been used by Republicans to stall two major bills this year , with more likely to come .
“ It is a hot - button issue , ” said Representative Allen Boyd , Democrat of Florida , a longtime hunter and one of the moderates who typically split from the more liberal wing of the party to support the rights of gun owners .
“ Some people around here know they can use it as a wedge issue , and they try to do that . ”
It is a particularly hot - button topic with veteran Congressional Democrats who believe the party ’s strong support for a 1994 assault weapons ban was the real reason they lost control of the House that year  not the House bank scandal , the failed health care initiative , the Contract with America or Newt Gingrich .
Your iPhone can make calls , access the internet , send and receive emails , and even tell you what the weather is like in Kuala Lumpur , but , thanks to the App store , it can do so much more besides .
And so we decided to put together this list , highlighting those apps that can transform your iPhone into a television , a plumb line , an atomic clock and more - showing you the fun and possibly unknown uses for this , the most innovative product in Apple 's line - up .
Most will work with the iPod Touch as well - though the lack of camera and always - on internet may mean they become less useful or less convenient – and all are available , either free or for a small fee , from the App Store .
You can buy them through iTunes on your Mac ( or PC ) , or download them direct to your iPhone via the App Store application that appears ( so long as you 're running the 2.0 firmware or later ) .
So , let 's get started .
Who knows what your iPhone will become next ?
1. Radio & television set
There 's a whole bunch of ways of getting good media onto your iPhone .
The BBC's iPhone - optimised iPlayer site is genuinely very good – though it requires a WiFi connection , and you must be in the UK to access it .
And you can record TV using , say , one of Elgato 's TV tuners and then export the content to your iTunes library , ready to be synced to the iPhone .
As far as apps go , try downloading Tuner Internet Radio – a centralised service for thousands of streaming radio stations from all over the world .
Also Last.fm is a brilliant service that creates music stations tailored to your tastes .
When Sling Media finally releases its iPhone client , which will allow live TV to be streamed from your home via one of its hardware encoder boxes – TV will truly have arrived on the iPhone .
2. Dictaphone
We 're still puzzled as to why Apple has n't added the ability to record voice memos to the iPhone – we can only assume that it 's down the list of priorities , somewhere underneath adding ' copy and paste ' .
But thankfully there are some third - party developers stepping in .
Our favourite is the iTalk application from Griffin , those clever folk who make rocking iPhone and Mac accessories .
There 's a free version with ads , or a £ 2.99 version that 's ad - free , but they 're functionally identical .
You can pick quality levels for new recordings , pause and resume the recording , and append new audio to existing recordings .
You can even add text notes , which we 've found to be helpful when conducting interviews .
Once you 're done , transfer recordings to your Mac ( or PC ; currently in beta ) over Wi -Fi using a little helper app .
3. Dictionary & thesaurus
Yes ; with the iPhone , you have access to an internet - full of information , and with a few taps , you could track down definitions and synonyms for any word you care to mention .
There are a few problems with this , however ; it can be sluggish , is rarely optimised for the iPhone 's screen , it can lack authority , and is usually focused on American – not British – English .
Step forward , then , the Concise Oxford English Dictionary and Thesaurus .
It 's a proper native app , so once it has launched , it 's snappier than a website .
The interface could be more elegant , and the quality of the recordings for pronunciation could be better , but it 's great to have the authority of the OED in your pocket .
Pricey , but no more so than the paper copy , and this is far more convenient .
Definitions ' words are hyperlinked too for extra mileage .
4. Library of classics
We love Classics , it 's such a pretty little application that we wanted the chance to show you the bookshelf view here .
It 's very polished throughout , with pages that you flip with your finger , chapters , and a bookmark that keeps your place when you switch between different books .
Unfortunately you can't add your own books to it – though the developers are committed to adding more classic books to the collection .
So , if you 're looking for a more extensible reader , try Stanza .
This will read many text formats , so you could fill up your iPhone with a library 's worth of copyright - free classic texts from the likes of Project Gutenberg .
And if you used eReader on a Palm , say , you can access your entire eReader bookshelf through its iPhone app – over the air .
5 . Old - fashioned camera
The camera on the iPhone is mediocre at best ; we are all agreed on this .
But you can at least make its poor quality charming by buying CameraBag .
With it , you can apply a bunch of special effects either to pics already saved onto your iPhone , or taken directly with its camera – to make them look a lot more interesting .
You can apply a Holga - like supersaturated effect called Helga , go mono , use a fish - eye lens effect , make it look like a Lomo shot , apply a Polaroid effect , or make the shot look like it was taken in 1962 or 1974 , if you really wanted to .
The effects are actually remarkably convincing , and we like the fact that the app will , if you set the preference , save the original untouched shot from the iPhone 's camera as well as the cropped , edited shot , ready to be emailed or downloaded to your Mac .
6. Band
This was one of the apps that was demoed on - stage to show the power of the iPhone Software Development Kit , and it remains a great show - off app for the iPhone .
You can think about Band in two ways .
It 's either just a little tinkering device , which is useful for singer - songwriters on the move , by giving them a pad that they can jam with to try out some ideas or to get some inspiration for new melodies .
Or it 's a pretty meaty multi- track recorder that you could , in theory at least , use to create a whole track from scratch .
There are a range of instruments included – a keyboard , a bass guitar , an interactive appreciative audience , the drum kit shown here , and a fun 12 - bar blues creator – and you can layer instruments together and overdub them as you start to build your mini musical masterpiece .
It 's not perfect ; the timings can be tricky to get right , and the export options are , by the nature of the iPhone , a little limited , but it 's great fun and is , as we say , a great app to have to show off your iPhone .
7. GPS logger
Trails records your position at regular intervals – and so works better with the GPS - aware iPhone 3G – and then maps the trail you took onto a political , satellite or terrain map , complete with altitude data .
The latest version allows you to see your trail live on its map .
Export the waypoint data too for use in other apps .
8. Lightsaber
Apologies if you thought this feature was all about useful stuff , because we 're happy to recommend fluff as well , and it does n't get much fluffier than Lightsaber Unleashed .
It whums and buzzes convincingly as you move your phone around , and you can create your own custom character with photos from your collection .
9 . Spirit level and tape measure
RulerPhone calculates lengths by getting you to take a photo of what you want to measure with a credit card in the scene .
It will then calibrate to that , using some on - screen calipers .
While it 's not wildly accurate , it 's perfectly good enough .
Meanwhile , iHandy Carpenter packs a ruler , spirit level , protractor and plumb line into a slick , pretty app .
10 . Shop
Sure , you can buy stuff on Apple 's App Store and iTunes Store – the latter being even more compelling now most music is DRM - free and can be downloaded over the cell network – but that 's just the start !
Amazon 's iPhone - optimised store ( go to www.amazon.co.uk with Safari on your iPhone ) – is great .
As long as you have a mobile signal , you can shop !
Some make a big deal of the big decline in the Chinese trade surplus in February .
But looking at monthly numbers in isolation is potentially misleading for January and February in China because of the Chinese New Year .
More meaningful is to look at the combined figure for January and February .
If you do that , you can see that the surplus rose compared to last year despite a significant decline in exports , as the cost of imports fell even more .
The drop in imports is likely mostly caused by falling prices for oil and other imported commodities .
One interesting fact is that despite reduced foreign trade , domestic demand in China appears to be holding up well .
Fixed investments rose 26.5 % in January - February compared to the previous year and car sales also rose , though only 2.7 % .
However , compared to the 39 % drop in the U.S. and similar declines in many other countries , that is very good .
A number of indicators , including power consumption and bank lending suggests that the Chinese economy continues to grow ( though at a low rate of growth by Chinese standards ) as a growing domestic market and lower commodity prices more than offsets the negative impact from falling exports .
Umm Jaber ( left ) and Umm Ibrahim at one of the weekly demonstrations in solidarity with political prisoners in Israel .
( Eman Mohammed )
Yasir , then 20 , was sentenced to three years , Basem , 24 , to a year and a half , Ziad , 38 , to two years and Jaber , 35 , to life — all of them for charges that they jeopardized Israel ’s “ security . ”
Despite the hardship of having four sons imprisoned , she maintained her composure and like other mothers of detained Palestinians , went to visit them .
“ Behind the Israeli bars in Shatta prison , I heard from my son Basem about a prisoner from Lebanon called Bilal Dakruk who had no one to visit him , and was on the edge of breaking down .
He suggested I start visiting him and I said yes , of course . ”
Soon , Umm Jaber surprised the Israeli prison guards by handing them a list of about 10 other prisoners she wanted to visit .
It was an even bigger surprise when she got the approval , not knowing that the number would increase even further over time .
Umm Jaber remembers the look on her friends ’ faces when she told them the details of her first visit to these lonely prisoners .
“ They all began to arrange other visits on which they would accompany me next time , ” she said .
“ I felt so optimistic after seeing everyone getting excited about this idea .
Not long after we started to organize protests in front of the International Committee of the Red Cross , hunger strikes and demonstrations near the Israeli settlements .
Eventually some of my adopted sons were freed and we all knew it was going to work so we had to do more . ”
Visits to Dakruk were among Umm Jaber ’s happiest moments : “ I knew he had a mother who was concerned about him somewhere in Lebanon and I felt as he was one of my family too , so I had to take care of him .
I ’m no hero for doing so , because Bilal spent 14.5 years in Israeli jails without being charged .
The least I could do is to comfort him there .
You should have seen how his face would light up every time I came for a visit . ”
One day in the summer of 1990 , Umm Jaber heard an aggressive knock on her door .
The Israeli army came to arrest her and her daughter Shama who was then 17 .
The arrest warrant allowed the army to hold them for only about five hours , but it was enough time for five Israeli officers to interrogate and attempt to terrorize her .
Through this experience she understood how prisoners felt while living the constant nightmare over and over again , each day .
She recommitted herself to carry out what she started until no prisoner of any nationality would have to go through it again .
As soon as she was freed , Umm Jaber went to visit her adopted son Ahmad Khalifa , from Libya , and Ali Jumaa from Syria .
Days after her release Umm Jaber received a letter from Yasir Shaker , a prisoner in al - Jalma prison , asking his adopted mother to pay him one last visit .
He had just been diagnosed with kidney failure .
She recalled , “ I rejected that this visit would be the last .
I went directly to various human rights centers asking for their help so my son Yasir would get treated abroad , and then I went to tell him that it was not going to be my last visit to him ! ”
Umm Jaber and Shaker had to wait for about a year to get a response from the Israeli government .
Luckily Shaker ’s health held up during that time and the day he was sent to France for an operation was also his release from incarceration .
“ I danced and sang victory songs that day , knowing that somewhere far away Yasir ’s family was doing the same , ” she said .
Umm Ibrahim , a friend of Umm Jaber , remembers the shock she and other prisoners ’ mothers felt when they heard about the 1993 Oslo agreement which did not say anything about their sons ’ prospects for freedom — a key Palestinian demand .
“ Umm Jaber and I felt so disappointed , we went out in the streets near settlements and lay there , declaring a hunger strike after the Oslo announcement .
It was the only hope we had for the Palestinian prisoners .
However we never stopped visiting Umm Jaber ’s adopted sons , in addition to a few extra ones like Sultan Abd al - Rasoul from Egypt , Ali al - Baiaty from Iraq and Farouq al - Shara from Jordan .
It was so clear that the numbers of [ illegally - held ] prisoners were increasing but it did n’t break us down . ”
Another chapter of Umm Jaber ’s story was related to Samir Kuntar , the Lebanese prisoner who was among those included in the July 2008 exchange between Israel and the Lebanese resistance organization Hizballah .
Samir Kuntar was imprisoned by Israel for nearly three decades for his role in the killing of an Israeli man , his young daughter and a policeman , though Kuntar claims the man was killed by Israeli fire and denies responsibility for the death of the girl .
“ I met Samir while I was visiting my son in 1986 , ” Umm Jaber explained .
They were sitting in the visitors ’ area and she noticed a young man speaking to a woman across the table .
“ I heard him asking her not to come anymore because he did n’t want to tire her by coming and going to the Israeli jails and getting frisked every time .
At that moment I felt an instant feeling of responsibility towards him , so I told the woman not to worry because from now on he is my other son .
I adopted him then , and since that moment I loved him and looked after him like I did my other children . ”
Kuntar had been sentenced to five back - to - back life terms in prison , a total of 542 years .
So for the 19 years of his imprisonment , Umm Jaber went to visit both her sons .
After Umm Jaber ’s son Jaber was released , she returned to Hadarim prison , this time with papers just to visit Kuntar .
She was turned away .
Israeli prison officials gave the reason that such visits posed a “ security threat . ”
Umm Jaber went to an Israeli court asking for the right to visit Kuntar .
She argued that since she had been allowed to visit him for 19 years during her own son ’s detention , the state had no right to stop her visits now .
“ I kept hoping that the Israeli government might let me see Samir , I told them he is my adopted son . ”
Although Kuntar was n’t released in 1999 with other Palestinian prisoners , she kept waiting for a miracle as the one that brought 10 of her adopted sons home .
She hosted 10 of her adopted sons who had nowhere else to go after prison cells had been the only home they knew for years .
Umm Jaber and Hisham Abed al - Razeq , himself a prisoner inside Israel for nine years , started to demand that the Palestinian Authority provide houses for them .
Umm Jaber expressed bittersweet feelings the day she got them another home : “ when we managed to get them apartments it was a very tiny step on the way to having their lives back .
I felt the pain they had inside while leaving my house , they became a part of my family and me , they were like the bird leaving the nest . ”
From 1980 up to the present , Umm Jaber has never missed a single protest for prisoners ’ relatives and families , believing that no negotiations will end the suffering of her adopted sons in Israeli jails along with 11,000 other prisoners .
She believes that their families ’ demonstrations , holding up their pictures and calling for their release , can be a force that breaks prison bars .
Eman Mohammed is a Jordanian - Palestinian freelance photojournalist and reporter based in the Gaza Strip since 2005 .
First of all , the background : No , Karl Rove , Marc Thiessen , and Fox News are not telling the truth when they claim that U.S. torture techniques prevented a ' west coast 9/11 . '
Rove et al. claim that after CIA waterboarding , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed gave authorities information used to foil a plot to hijack an airplane with a shoe bomb and fly it into the tallest building in Los Angeles , the Library Tower ( now known as the U.S. Bank Building ) .
In other words , Rove and his crew say torture saved America from another 9/11 .
As Timothy Noah and Daily Kos TV have documented , however , the Rove timetable just does n't add up .
While KSM was arrested in March 2003 , the plot was stopped in February 2002 -- more than a year earlier .
Rove 's tale could not possibly be true .
But like any pathological liar , Rove is pushing a lie containing threads of truth .
Rove ( and his associate , former Bush speechwriter Marc A. Thiessen ) cite a May 30 , 2005 memo from DOJ 's OLC to the CIA as their key source .
You have informed us that the interrogation of KSM -- once enhanced techniques were employed -- led to the discovery of a KSM plot , the " Second Wave , " " to use East Asian operatives to crash a hijacked airliner into " a building in Los Angeles .
Keep in mind that this is a memo from DOJ to CIA , so " you have informed us " refers to something the CIA told DOJ .
Notice that while the sentence says KSM 's torture " led to the discovery of a KSM plot " ( the L.A. attack ) it does n't say that the torture led to the prevention of that attack .
Why not ?
Because the attack had already been prevented in 2002 .
In other words , torturing KSM may have allowed the CIA to figure out what had been prevented , but it did n't actually prevent anything .
Timothy Noah discusses this possibility :
Conceivably the Bush administration , or at least parts of the Bush administration , did n't realize until Sheikh Mohammed confessed under torture that it had already broken up a plot to blow up the Library Tower about which it knew nothing .
Stranger things have happened .
But the plot was already a dead letter .
If foiling the Library Tower plot was the reason to water - board Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , then that water - boarding was more than cruel and unjust .
It was a waste of water .
Noah 's conjecture seems to be exactly what happened , because in February , 2006 , President Bush recounted the foiling of the west coast plot ( emphasis added ) :
Their plot was derailed in early 2002 when a Southeast Asian nation arrested a key al Qaeda operative .
Subsequent debriefings and other intelligence operations made clear the intended target , and how al Qaeda hoped to execute it .
So in President Bush 's own words , intelligence officials did not know what they had prevented until after they prevented it .
( And even that assumes that KSM was telling them the truth . )
Even though they managed to thwart the attack without using torture , they resorted to torture to discover what they had thwarted -- and only the most sadistic advocates would consider that a reasonable justification for torture .
Not that Twitter needs any more fodder for bacon chatter .
A common complaint about the short - blogging service is that it 's just an avenue for people to tell the world what they 're having for lunch .
Unsurprisingly , you 'll find ...
Yet , no matter how many new bacon products spring up , it seems as though a new one is always a day away -- waiting to delight StumbleUpon users , provide a chuckle for Diggers and appear in dozens of Twitter feeds .
Bacon is as popular as any .
Even as I was writing this piece , I was interrupted by a Twitter update containing a link to a photo of a bacon bra .
A meme -- the flavor of the week that propagates quickly through e-mail and chatter on social networks -- can come in many forms : a feline that speaks with poor grammar ( Lolcats ) , a goofy ' 80s pop singer ( RickRoll ) or a chubby kid bopping to a Romanian dance song ( Numa Numa ) .
If the innumerable blog posts about the salt - cured meat are to be believed , bacon can be added to just about any food , used in place of cotton and leather , and is enshrined on restroom blow - dryers around the country .
There is a topic that has been wrapping itself around the Web 's collective consciousness for some time .
And within the last year or so , this meme has become so potent that it can no longer be ignored .
Peanut butter and bacon sandwich .
Credit : inuyaki.com via Flickr
... tweets practically every minute about bacon sandwiches , bacon burgers and " kimichi stew with bacon . "
The latter caught the attention of Denny 's Twitter account , according to @eldevine .
" I said bacon in my tweet and now denny 's is following me , " wrote the Twitter user who goes by the name DJ Divine .
It 's hard to believe that @DennysGrandSlam is following every person who mentions bacon .
But the number of users the account is following is indeed growing quite rapidly .
It seems that no one is immune to the bacon craving .
Kevin Rose tweeted a link to Bacolicio.us in December -- a simple tool that places an image of a slab of bacon on top of any Web page ( Here 's a baconated version of the L.A. Times Tech Blog . )
At the South by Southwest interactive , music and film festivals in Austin , Tex. , two models for the geek - erotic photo site Suicide Girls flaunted their new bacon tattoos .
And while much of the techie world was at South by Southwest , San Francisco 's BaconCamp was competing for the West Coast conference spotlight .
Food bloggers are seeing intense demand for weird bacon recipes .
Popular ones include deep - fried bacon with gravy , candied bacon ( Lou , a restaurant on Vine Street in L.A. , has this on the menu , and the owner estimates that 60 % of patrons order it ) , a bacon - flavored chocolate bar , a chicken stuffed inside of a duck which is then stuffed inside of a turkey and finally wrapped in bacon ( called turbaconducken ) , cheesy bacon rolls , a bacon - cheese - pizza burger and some ungodly hybrid known only as Bacon Explosion .
There 's even bacon paste , in a squeeze bottle ( that turned out to be an April Fool 's joke ) .
The Times posted " 1,001 things to do with bacon " in December , and it was the most e-mailed link on the site for a few days .
And Bacon Today is an entire blog devoted to the pork product .
The food item seems to be more popular on the Net than the actor who shares his last name with the meat -- results for a Google search for pages containing the word " bacon " without " kevin " far outnumber those for " Kevin Bacon . "
A hypnotizing street sign in New York .
Credit : Ed Yourdon via Flickr
But the trend is n't exclusive to Internet culture .
Culinary experts say there 's a noticeable trend toward pork products , especially bacon .
" I do n't know anybody who does n't love the taste of bacon , " said Bonny Giardina , a chef instructor and studio manager for the Hipcook school in L.A .
" It 's an easy way to make food taste amazing .
. . .
Every thing tastes better with bacon . "
Even some vegetarians find the taste of bacon almost irresistible , experts say .
It 's a topic that has been addressed before in food publications .
" My sister - in - law , she 's vegan .
She eats bacon , " said Tina Hashioka , director of the Epicurean School of Culinary Arts in West Hollywood and Anaheim .
" I really think a lot of vegetarians eat bacon . "
Giardina agrees .
She says that vegetarians " always say , ' The hardest thing I have to give up , ' or , they say , ' The one thing I have n't totally given up is bacon . ' "
Regarding the general bacon craze , Anne Smith , owner and director of the L.A. - based New School of Cooking , says the pork explosion may be an offshoot of the trend toward more localized eating .
The " slow food " movement , as its called , lends itself to pig meat because the animals can be raised just about anywhere .
The slow food movement " was developed as the antithesis to fast food , " Smith said .
Her school is preparing to offer a class on cooking with pork .
While bacon by itself still carries a fairly negative stigma -- " Oh God , that 's so much fat ! " Giardina said mockingly -- it 's still the snack of choice for many meat - hungry , cooking - skill - lacking people .
So , why not curl up with a good book -- might I suggest the Baconcyclopedia -- and fry up a plate of crispy bacon .
UPDATED , 8:55 a.m :
Though it sounded delicious and less unlikely than , say , a bacon lampshade , the Squeez Bacon paste turned out to be an April Fool 's gag from ThinkGeek .
Good one !
-- Mark Milian
Jeremy Tyler , 17 , is blazing a new trail into professional basketball , said Pete Thamel in The New York Times .
Tyler , a 6 - 11 San Diego high school junior , is becoming the first U.S. - born player to quit high school to play professionally overseas .
If , as expected , he returns from Europe in two years , when he 's old enough to be eligible for the NBA draft , he could be a model for other high - school prodigies looking to cash in instead of going to college .
There 's nothing wrong with that , said Michael McCann in the Sports Law Blog.
Jeremy Tyler -- and every player under the NBA 's minimum age of 19 -- should be able to decide " that he'd like to earn income off of his talents as soon as the market lets him , rather than waiting for an artificial two - year delay , during which time he could get hurt . "
You 're overlooking something important , said Dime magazine .
The kid 's just 17 .
Tyler has a " strong inside game and a smooth outside jumper , " but he needs more than three years of high school experience before making this leap .
" He should have waited . "
" Too many players " go through a charade of being college students , " said Michael David Smith in Fanhouse , when they 're just honing their athletic skills .
" It 's refreshing that Tyler is honest enough to admit that he just wants to think about basketball . "
READER COMMENTS ON
" In Memoriam : John Gideon , 1947 - 2009 "
( 98 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 4/27/2009 @ 1:00 pm PT ...
I really hope that , if it 's meningitis , it 's viral meningitis .
He sounds pretty ill , making bacterial meningitis a strong possibility and certainly one with more serious implications .
My absolute best hopes and good wishes go out to John and his family .
He has certainly been a huge asset and driving force in the election integrity movement .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Kevin Zeese said on 4/27/2009 @ 1:04 pm PT ...
Terrible to hear the news about John Gideon .
We are all wishing him a complete and rapid recovery .
John is one of the most valuable democracy reform advocates we have .
Hoping for the best .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/27/2009 @ 1:24 pm PT ...
Shit !
Oh , shit !
That is so painful !
Oh !
Oh , no .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 4/27/2009 @ 1:24 pm PT ...
If ( John ) or anyone reading to him can hear my voice , get well John .
~phil
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/27/2009 @ 2:26 pm PT ...
Hoping that you get well soon , John .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Emily Levy said on 4/27/2009 @ 2:47 pm PT ...
We 're all pulling for you , John , and I hope you can feel that somehow .
You 're a valuable person not only because of the work you do , but because you 're you .
My heart goes out to you , your family , and your VU colleague , Ellen .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Marybeth Kuznik said on 4/27/2009 @ 3:22 pm PT ...
Best wishes from Pennsylvania for John 's speedy and full recovery !!
{{{JOHN}}}
In the meantime count me in as one of the many who want to do what we can to help keep ' Daily Voting News ' going in John 's absence .
Marybeth -------
Marybeth Kuznik
VotePA.us
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... gary beckwith said on 4/27/2009 @ 3:29 pm PT ...
my thoughts and prayers go to John and his health .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Vicki Coffman said on 4/27/2009 @ 3:37 pm PT ...
Very best thoughts and wishes .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Kathleen said on 4/27/2009 @ 3:37 pm PT ...
Get well soon , John , and know that our thoughts and hearts are with you , Kathleen
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... leftisbest said on 4/27/2009 @ 3:56 pm PT ...
John , Please , please get better and get better real soon .
You are such a great person and we all are pulling for you .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Roy said on 4/27/2009 @ 4:12 pm PT ...
John ,
Get well soon , buddy !
Regards , Roy L .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... joehall said on 4/27/2009 @ 4:21 pm PT ...
So many do so much , with so little recognition ... and some are content to do so ; content seeing the effects of their effort upon the world .
That is John .
Get well , John , and ride countless many times more .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Sherry Healy said on 4/27/2009 @ 5:03 pm PT ...
My deepest regards to John and his family .
This is devastating news , and the election integrity community will be suffer in his absence .
I pray for a speedy and complete recovery !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Michael Richardson said on 4/27/2009 @ 5:10 pm PT ...
Not only is John 's Daily Voting News an essential information source but John 's tireless watchdog scrutiny of the Election Assistance Commission is inequalled .
Get well John , your country needs you !
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 4/27/2009 @ 6:45 pm PT ...
I send lots of prayers your way , John .
Get well soon - I pray your recovery is swift .
We owe you a huge debt of gratitude for all you do to keep the voting issue at the forefront of our consciousness .
Thank you thousands of times over !
Kira
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 4/27/2009 @ 7:01 pm PT ...
Thanks for all the hard work and get well soon !
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 4/27/2009 @ 7:05 pm PT ...
John ~ Wilburrr ... & I Hope Ya Get Well ASAP !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Dori Smith said on 4/27/2009 @ 7:16 pm PT ...
John , I just wanted to say that I will be thinking of John Gideon and his family and friends during this difficult time .
My very best wishes for a speedy recovery .
Dori Smith
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 4/27/2009 @ 7:20 pm PT ...
My thoughts and hope for a speedy recovery go to John and his family .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Abbe Waldman Delozier said on 4/27/2009 @ 9:13 pm PT ...
Our thoughts and prayers go out to you John for a speedy recovery .
You have for so long offered your time , energy and committment to educating folks about elections and the EAC .
You are a true patriot and set a high standard for all of us to learn from about being of service to mankind .
Get well soon !
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Greg D said on 4/27/2009 @ 11:24 pm PT ...
I posted some photos of John tonight at the VU site :
http://www.votersunite.org/johngideon.asp
We 'll have to wait for the morning 's news , but I 'm afraid what I heard from his hospital room this afternoon was not encouraging .
We all owe a great deal of gratitude to this big guy .
He has been a stalwart advocate of election integrity since early 2003 when he worked with Bev Harris at Black Box Voting , then Verified Voting , and for the past 4 - 5 years at Voters Unite .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Marybeth Kuznik said on 4/28/2009 @ 12:34 am PT ...
Rest in Peace dear friend , John and please tell Andy hello for me .
I know you guys will keep fighting with us from the Other Side .
I just can't say any more right now .
Marybeth
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Paul said on 4/28/2009 @ 12:42 am PT ...
I am deeply saddened to learn of this sudden loss of a true patriot .
Our prayers are with John as he makes this transition and our thoughts are with John 's family and close friends like Brad .
Blessings to all .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... john harris said on 4/28/2009 @ 12:45 am PT ...
My deepest condolences though I never met the man .
Question : is n't meningitis rare in men over 50 ?
how did he come down with something like this and such an advanced deathly version of it ?
this is very odd .
sorry Brad to hear about this terrible loss .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Steve Corrick said on 4/28/2009 @ 12:56 am PT ...
John offered a steady hand to an unsteady country - - a country that teetered on the edge of totalitarianism as a direct result of two terribly suspicious elections .
John brought freedom's fire every day through his tremendous efforts to synthesize all the voting news of the day into a single package .
AND , through his efforts and those of this blog , VoteTrustUSA , Verified Voting and a hard core of advocates for hand counted paper ballots , we now stand watching a regenerating democracy where of the people , by the people and for the people no longer really means , as it has for eight years , for the multinational corporations only .
Go gentle into that good forever , John , you 've earned your wings many times over , and those of us who remain behind can only say thank you in any real sense by continuing the fight until every American , freely able to and ably encouraged to vote , casts his or her sacred ballot on paper , knowing it will be hand counted in public by multiple pairs of eyes .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... fusion said on 4/28/2009 @ 1:01 am PT ...
Awful !
Almost every day I logged on to see what he'd found for us ... when the legislature here was under siege by evildoers , about ballot secrecy , internet voting , etc I 'd fire a few rounds in support of his efforts to get them to see the light ... I will miss him Condolences to all
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean in LA - 13 said on 4/28/2009 @ 1:03 am PT ...
Devastating , crushing news .
Ca n't absorb the magnitude of this most unexpected loss .
I 'm so sorry , Brad .
That we have all been fortunate to know him and his life 's work through your facilitation and support , I hope is of some comfort to you , now .
John , I will miss you every single day forever .
Thank you so very much for everything .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/28/2009 @ 1:08 am PT ...
Oh , damn .
I 'm so glad he was n't in pain for long .
Now I 'm going to have to go off and have myself a good cry .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Miriam Raftery said on 4/28/2009 @ 1:08 am PT ...
Brad -
I 'm so sorry to hear of this tragic loss .
John was a true patriot .
Who will carry on the important work of Voters Unite ?
Meanwhile this makes your work all the more important , Brad .
Stay healthy !!!
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/28/2009 @ 1:20 am PT ...
I 'm shocked !
It sure wo n't be the same without his rock steady presence here .
A true patriot .
My condolences to everyone who knew and loved him .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 4/28/2009 @ 1:22 am PT ...
Although , I never physically met John , I did call him up on two occasions .
One of which was like 2 - 2:30 am in the morning after an election .
I always tried to provide some feedback in DVN , I got the feeling it was under appreciated .
I like to think I was an acquaintance of his , but I guess I wo n't ever really find out now .
To any family survivors and of course all his friends I can only say it hurts , death sucks , and life is so brutally unfair sometimes .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 4/28/2009 @ 1:23 am PT ...
Brad , I 'm so sorry to hear of your and our loss !
What a terrible way to start yet another glorious spring day here in Prague , with tears and sadness .
The workings of the universe are mysterious beyond understanding , and this is a terribly bitter loss .
Let us all redouble our efforts to help carry the heavy burden of the torch he waved so fearlessly , so tirelessly .
Rest in Peace , Brother John , you are well loved indeed ...
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Shannon Williford said on 4/28/2009 @ 3:46 am PT ...
John , I only knew you through your occassional blog or email communication , but I always knew you as the patriot that did DVN , which we then tried to utilize in our state fight for voting rights .
What a giant patriot to work for America so long and so well !
We were impressed by and thankful to John for his daily compilations that helped so very much in our staying on top of the fight for freedom .
Our deepest sympathy to all of John Gideon 's family and friends .
Our deepest sympathy to our country for losing such a defender .
RIP John .
shw
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Bernie Ellis said on 4/28/2009 @ 4:38 am PT ...
Rest in peace , John , Unfortunately for the good of our country , sometimes the good - hearted and true patriots do die too young .
You armed us all with information of the creeping menace that is unverifiable voting and you armed us with information ( and patriotic passion ) to do something about it .
We --- the rest of us --- must go on .
The journey will be lonelier in your absense .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Joan Brunwasser said on 4/28/2009 @ 4:40 am PT ...
Sad , sad , sad .
My heart is heavy .
Although I never met John , we corresponded via email and he was an important part of my daily life with his DVN .
His work was indispensable to my own work .
I wanted to interview him for OpEdNews because of his contribution to election integrity .
He was modest and preferred to stay in the background .
He will be sorely missed .
He leaves behind a big , gaping hole .
Joan Brunwasser , election integrity ed. , OpEdNews
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Arlen said on 4/28/2009 @ 5:05 am PT ...
This is truly sad news , my best wishes go to John 's family and friends .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Sharron Williams said on 4/28/2009 @ 5:06 am PT ...
To Brad and all who worked with , loved and depended on John Gideon , my deepest sympathy is for you today .
Democracy has lost an advocacy giant , it is certain .
I know you all will make him proud through the coming days and the years ahead .
May he rest in peace and may his spirit remain to continue the mission .
Blessings for strength and comfort to John 's family and to all who feel his loss .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Magginkat said on 4/28/2009 @ 5:37 am PT ...
News of John Gideon 's death is too sad for words .
This is one of those times where all I can think is why do the good & decent people die and the greedy , lying , conniving , election stealing , thieves continue to flourish and do their dirty work .
My sincere condolences to John 's family and friends .
He will be sorely missed .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Dorothy Fadiman said on 4/28/2009 @ 6:12 am PT ...
TO : John 's family / Brad / Ellen / and everyone in this community of souls whose missions were and still are supported by John Gideon 's work .
I can't believe that we 've lost John 's voice , and his tireless efforts in gathering and disseminating crucial , often obscure election data and articles .
I am deeply grateful , now , to have the companionship of all of you as we confront the tragedy of his sudden death .
I join you in having , benefitted beyond words , from his sharing his findings , and his wisdom , so generously .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Frankie Milley said on 4/28/2009 @ 6:13 am PT ...
We are sorry to hear meningitis has taken another life .
I am the mother of an only child , Ryan , who died from of meningococcal meningitis and the founder and executive director of a national organization , Meningitis Angels , www.meningitis-angels.org.
Too many infants , teens , kids and young adults are left debilitated or die from this vaccine preventable disease .
What is meningitis ?
Meningitis is a dangerous and sometimes fatal inflammation of the brain and / or spinal cord that can leave survivors with serious life - long physical problems such as , organ failure , blindness , deafness , loss of limbs , severe seizures , brain damage and other disabilities .
You should also understand meningococcemia and sepsis .
Signs and Symptoms
The early signs of meningitis and blood poisoning which could improve detection of the disease and save lives are unrelenting fever , leg pain , cold hands and feet and abnormal skin color can develop within ( 12 hours ) after infection long before the more classic signs of the illness such as a rash , headache , stiff neck , sensitivity to light and impaired consciousness , debilitation or death .
Anyone can get meningitis especially infants , children and teens .
What parents and students should know :
According to ACIP / CDC children ages ( 11 ) years through college freshmen should be vaccinated against meningococcal meningitis .
The current vaccines are approved for ages ( 2 ) years and older .
However be informed , there are ( 5 ) sero - groups of the disease , all sero - groups are not covered .
However the most common in the United States are sero - groups C Y , W135 and A which are .
Infants and toddlers should be vaccinated against pneumococcal and HIB meningitis .
Those children in daycare and those of American Indian , Eskimo and African American heritage are at a higher risk for some forms of meningitis .
There are no vaccines to prevent viral meningitis .
Frankie Milley , Meningitis Angels , Founder / National Director
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Michael Richardson said on 4/28/2009 @ 6:14 am PT ...
No chance to say good - bye , no chance to say thank you .
John was a walking wealth of information .
His Daily Voting
News was a blog of unique importance that gave a clearer picture of America 's sorry protection of democracy in the polling place than any of the academic studies .
His help with stories and encouragement to do more will be greatly missed .
Just last week John was hounding me to help him ' watchdog ' the EAC and suggested several story lines in need of attention .
John mentored an entire electoral reform movement , those of us who have been touched by John must continue his work for democracy ... he would have insisted on it !
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 4/28/2009 @ 6:30 am PT ...
So very very sorry .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Billman said on 4/28/2009 @ 6:37 am PT ...
As someone who has had meningitis , my condolencies go out to all who have known and will miss Mr. Gideon .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Faye said on 4/28/2009 @ 6:40 am PT ...
Oh my ...
This news knocked the wind out of me .
My heart goes out to John 's family and close friends .
I must have two dozen personal e-mails from John Gideon stored in my mailbox .
John always responded to EVERY e-mail of mine and took great interest in any news I had for him .
Most of the items I brought to his attention were published .
I could always count on him .
John Gideon was truly a patriot .
He and Andy Stephenson died as heroes as gallantly as soldiers on the battlefield .
We were blessed to have him fighting for what we believed was * the* most important cause facing our country .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Robert said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:03 am PT ...
Oh no , I felt immediately when seeing the news .
I talked to John at various times and had the good fortune to meet him once in person in DC at an election integrity conference .
He gave so fully of himself and to support any idea that could advance the cause of democracy .
He will be greatly missed .
He will always be remembered and his work goes on , even as a great inspiration .
Robert C. C .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Dori Smith said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:08 am PT ...
My deepest sympathy to Ellen , Brad , Pokey , and to John 's family and friends .
John Gideon 's death is a great loss for democracy activists world wide .
He was intelligent but more than that , just so deeply committed to uncovering the truth about electronic voting machines .
During conversations with him by phone John offered his expertise and his insights without hesitation , though it was clear that he was very busy on a kind of non stop schedule .
I would imagine that he took the time to listen to many of us who tried to cover voting machine failures and failures within the whole electoral system .
I hope John 's work will be continued even though he himself is completely irreplaceable .
Dori Smith
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Karen said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:13 am PT ...
I 'm so very sorry to hear of the loss of this courageous patriot .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... David Earnhardt said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:18 am PT ...
I am heartsick to hear of John 's passing .
He is a true warrior - and his efforts live on .
He is an inspiration to me - was a vital resource I turned to on many occasions - and a determined , steady man .
I miss him already .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... cann4ing said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:18 am PT ...
Thank you so much Brad for assembling this appropriate tribute at a time that I know must be exceptionally difficult .
I found it interesting that John and I were born the same year ; served in the same war and shared the same hope for participatory democracy .
While his passing comes as a grave loss to those who knew him well ( I regret I did not ) , the work he posted here at The Brad Blog lives on .
I know that you , Brad , will continue your unending quest to accomplish electoral integrity ; that yours is a search for truth and accuracy in reporting .
In remaining steadfast in that endeavor , your work will provide a lasting tribute to John 's memory .
Ernest A. Canning
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Richard Van Slyke said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:23 am PT ...
We just lost one of our most important citizens .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Dave said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:24 am PT ...
John was a stalwart figure for voting integrity .
He can only be replaced by each and every one of us as we band together to continue the fight against election fraud .
It will take all of us to fill this tremendous void John Gideon left .
Thanks John for your untiring efforts in returning our country to sanity in this last election .
Dave - OPED news contributor
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Fred Silverman said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:29 am PT ...
John was a great man ---
I had the wonderful fortune of speaking with him a number of times as we were fighting provisions of HAVA .
He will be very missed !
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Paleo Pat said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:32 am PT ...
My condolences Brad .
I did not know him personally , but those who do fight for the voter has my respect .
Blessings and Peace , - Pat
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... KestrelBrighteyes said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:32 am PT ...
RIP John .
You will be sorely missed .
And I give my word - we will not give up fighting the good fight .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Bryan said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:37 am PT ...
This is indeed a sad day .
I never personally met John , but spoke to him a couple times on the phone for help on an issue .
John was a true unsung hero in the fight for our right to vote and to keep our right to vote secure , accurate and verifiable .
Rest in Peace John , and through your spirit may you you keep the flame fired in the rest of us to keep this all important fight going !
Thank you you John .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Terra said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:45 am PT ...
Thank you John for all you gave .
You made a difference .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... David Jefferson said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:48 am PT ...
What an extraordinarily sad event !
John 's tireless work for many years , day - in and day - out , 7 days a week on behalf of election integrity has made a huge difference nationally .
I and many others depended on him every day for the DVN , and that was only part of his work .
On a number of occasions when he and I worked in concert it was always a pleasure to witness how knowledgeable and effective he was .
He followed and chronicled almost every detail of every election integrity issue around the U.S.
This is a great loss for his family , for us , and for the country .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Lani Brown said on 4/28/2009 @ 8:30 am PT ...
There are no words that can adeqately express the sense of deep sorrow for the loss of a man of such integrity .
But those of Philip James Bailey come a little closer than anything I could say : " We live in deeds , not years ; in thoughts , not breaths ;
In feelings , not figures on a dial .
We should count time by heart - throbs .
He most lives
Who thinks most , feels the noblest , acts the best . . . "
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Lewis said on 4/28/2009 @ 8:30 am PT ...
Peace be unto you , John Gideon , and to those who knew and loved you .
Grant him , O Lord , eternal rest ...
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Clint Curtis said on 4/28/2009 @ 8:54 am PT ...
He will be missed .
It is rare to find an individual with the passion and drive to achieve what he did .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Cheryl Lilienstein said on 4/28/2009 @ 9:03 am PT ...
I am deeply sorrowful to have lost this wonderful person .
His work was anchoring to me , immensely generous , meaningful : every day he acknowledged the work of others by gathering the news , and giving it out again .
John lived an exemplary life , and I always considered him a living saint .
I will never forget the contribution he made .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... John R Brakey said on 4/28/2009 @ 9:13 am PT ...
He will be missed by all that knew him .
He was inspiration to me to dig further .
Thank you John , rest in peace .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... Joyce McCloy said on 4/28/2009 @ 9:23 am PT ...
John , we will honor you by continuing to work hard and remember your tireless efforts .
You have been the father of the e-voting movement .
We miss you already .
Thank you for everything you have done for us , although words can't express our gratitude .
We will not let you down , we will honor you as we continue on .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... 72dawg said on 4/28/2009 @ 9:36 am PT ...
To John 's family and personal friends : please accept my deepest sympathies on his passing .
I will sorely miss his wit , anger , and lucid comments found in the Brad Blog .
He was a great man fighting a two huge enemies : corruption and complacency .
I hope he comes back an haunts us all .
God Bless .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 4/28/2009 @ 9:45 am PT ...
My sincere condolences to his family and friends .
His work and inspiration lives on in everyone that knew him or was motivated by his writing .
The nation is diminished by the loss of this fine man .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Batocchio said on 4/28/2009 @ 9:51 am PT ...
Condolences and best wishes to his family and friends .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/28/2009 @ 10:06 am PT ...
For John
and his Family Unelected The East of the West
the West of the East
The North of the South
the South of the North ...
What comes up natuarlly , anyway ?
Add Hindu and Buddhist to the Triumverant , and what do you get ?
A band of the Hand that still needs a dash of Lao Tzu .
So , where is Lao Tzu
with and without
the WORLD and HISTORY ?
http://www.answers.com/Lao%20Tzu
All my Love ,
Tina
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/28/2009 @ 10:35 am PT ...
Would n't ya know , columbia u gets it wrong in its last sentence ...
Columbia Encyclopedia : Lao Tzu
Top Home > Library > Miscellaneous > Columbia Encyclopedia - PeopleLao Tzu ( lou dzə ) , fl. 6th cent .
B.C. , Chinese philosopher , reputedly the founder of Taoism .
It is uncertain that Lao Tzu [ Ch. , =old person or old philosopher ] is historical .
His biography in Ssu-ma Ch'ien 's Records of the Historian ( 1st cent .
B.C. ) says he was a contemporary of Confucius and served as curator of the dynastic archives until retiring to the mythical K'un - lun mountains .
He allegedly transmitted his teachings to a border guard who subsequently compiled the Lao Tzu , also titled the Tao - te ching [ Classic of the Way and Virtue ] .
Scholars date the work in the 4th–2d cent .
B.C. , with some strata perhaps as old as the 6th cent .
B.C. Its parables and verse , written in incantatory language , advocate passive and intuitive behavior in natural harmony with the Tao , a cosmic unity underlying all phenomena .
It emphasizes the value of wu-wei , “ nonstriving ” or “ non -[ purposeful ] action , ” by which one returns to a primitive state closer to the Tao , a stage of creative possibility symbolized by the child or an uncarved block .
It also promotes a laissez - faire approach to government .
Bibliography
See translations by J. J. L. Duyvendak ( 1954 ) , W. Chan ( 1963 ) , D. C. Lau ( 1963 ) , S. Mitchell ( 1988 ) , and V. Mair ( 1990 ) .
That 's where John got things right !
Happy trails .
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/28/2009 @ 11:13 am PT ...
Election news world wide needs attention
in Memoriam of John .
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Victoria Wolf said on 4/28/2009 @ 11:29 am PT ...
Quite a story .
I did not know him personally , but remain inspired none - the - less .
Which makes me think of all the other ' unsung ' heroes to the fact that ' truth does matter ' ... and as we progress as a species critical in making better decisions , which affects us all including the planet itself .
That is what really matters ... yes ?
That all opinions be given the basic respect that any member of the human society deserves ... the freedom to think and speak our minds , and then act within the boundaries of the society we individually live in , and consciously contribute to , and agree to be a part of .
Rest in peace , and know the work goes on ..
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Vietvet said on 4/28/2009 @ 12:54 pm PT ...
WE VIETNAM ERA VETERANS HAVE A PHRASE ' WELCOME HOME ' WHEN WE MEET ONE ANOTHER FOR THE FIRST TIME ... I GUESS THIS MAN'S WIFE WILL HAVE SAID IT BY NOW ?
MAY THE GREAT SPIRIT WELCOME HIS SON HOME THIS DAY .
amen
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Alan Breslauer said on 4/28/2009 @ 1:24 pm PT ...
I feel lucky for the few conversations and numerous email exchanges I had with John .
He was always a pleasure to work with and his work was an inspiration .
He will be missed but certainly not forgotten .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 4/28/2009 @ 1:37 pm PT ...
My condolences to John 's family and friends .
He was a patriot for democracy .
May we all remember him by continuing his work .
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Barbara Bellows - TerraNova said on 4/28/2009 @ 2:10 pm PT ...
Democracy has just suffered a terrible loss .
John 's dedication to building a daily database of vital information on the health / disease of our voting has been priceless , both as a wealth of information and as an example of action .
I am shocked and deeply saddened , but most of all , I am extremely grateful for having received his work .
My heart is with those who knew him personally .
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... leftisbest said on 4/28/2009 @ 3:07 pm PT ...
Words are not enough to express the sadness and heartbreak I feel in losing John .
My deepest condolences to his family and those who were close to him .
John and I corresponded from time to time , and he was always there with his dry wit and wisdom and vast knowledge of issues related to EI .
I will miss you John .
Your shoes can never be filled .
In fact , I think they should be bronzed and perhaps become the first of any number of items to be placed in an Election Integrity heroes hall - maybe like Cooperstown for baseball .
And I am serious about this idea - we need to honor our own - and let the world know what has been accomplished because of individual efforts as well as the efforts of the teams of EI folks throughout the country and the globe .
I nominate John as the first of many heroes to be inducted into the EI Hall of Fame .
I hope this idea catches on and we can thank John for being the inspiration for such a worthwhile endeavor .
We will all miss you John - you did great things and for all the right reasons !
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Jacobson said on 4/28/2009 @ 3:12 pm PT ...
I 'm terribly sad to hear this and so sorry for your loss .
My condolences to his family , friends and colleagues , and to you , Brad .
His work , as you mention , will certainly continue to positively impact the country .
Thank you for putting together this eloquent tribute at such a difficult time .
Take care , my friend .
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 4/28/2009 @ 3:47 pm PT ...
Tears and a lump in my throat that hurts .
I used so many of John 's articles to try to get Canadians to see what happens in the States with those damn machines .
May he be remembered for all his hard work .
I am so sorry Brad for the loss of your friend and the loss to Bradblog and my sympathy to his family also .
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... Thick - Witted Liberal said on 4/28/2009 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
A terrible loss for real democracy .
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... Douglas A. Kellner said on 4/28/2009 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
John 's death is tragic loss for all of us .
His commitment to transparency and integrity in the administration of elections should motivate all of us to work hard to enshrine these principles that are core to our democracy .
Douglas A. Kellner
Co-Chair
New York State Board of Elections
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 4/28/2009 @ 6:00 pm PT ...
What a huge and wonderful amount of information John gathered and posted for us all to read .
I am grateful for his contributions and I will miss his posts a great deal .
To his family and friends , I am truly sorry for your loss .
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... hearya said on 4/28/2009 @ 6:14 pm PT ...
America lost a true patriot with the passing of John Gideon who touched our lives with his warrior spirit .
His daily posts summing up voting news state by state were awesome in scope and a great resource to all of us .
Once I congratulated him on his halibut catch , and offered to send him a copy of “ Murder , Spies & Voting Lies ” .
He wrote back that he did n’t have a working DVD player and no time to watch all the DVDs people had already sent him over the years .
Clearly he dedicated a huge chunk of himself to the cause of election integrity , and it will be his enduring gift to democracy that he so well chronicled the fight .
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... Rick Gallaher said on 4/28/2009 @ 7:28 pm PT ...
God this is sad .
I 'm not a " progressive " , but I did like to read his voting reports .
His family should be very proud that he was so involved with life and the world .
So many people just sit and watch the world happen .
Gideon made the world happen for the rest of us .
He will be remembered .
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... Donald Goldmacher said on 4/28/2009 @ 10:02 pm PT ...
I just arrived home from a trip to find this sad news .
We of the Wellstone Voting Rights Task Force were honored to have John here in 2005 at the first National Teach - IN on Election Integrity .
I do not know if I can add any words of solace , but I do know John was a great warrior for democracy , and we will all be missing his energy .
My heart goes out to all who were close to him including Brad and Ellen .
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... JAMIE said on 4/29/2009 @ 6:23 am PT ...
WHAT A BIG MAN !! .... HE MUST HAVE BEEN 6 FOOT 6
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... phyllis Huster said on 4/29/2009 @ 7:33 am PT ...
SNIFF .. tear ..
John 's Daily Voting News , was a beacon of truth in those early months in 2005 , shortly after our APOCRYPHAL meeting in Nashville TN when those of us who cared , wanted to save Democracy , and the right to vote for all Americans .
John was the honesty , he was the voice , he was the careful cartographer of a community of Election Integrity activists that started with corruption , graft and Billion Dollar funded corporations like ES&S and Diebold , who were felled because of John 's hard work echoed through our community .
Every state that we turned back to paper ballots , Maryland , North Carolina , california , new York , became states that SURPRISE , Obama managed to win .
John is not just a hero , he 's the reason we have democracy again in the white house and his hard work and dedicated efforts will never be forgotten , this day , as i honor him with my tears , I am both saddened and proud ..
May your weary soul rest peacefully now , John , for you are an American hero and I "m grateful to have crossed your path .
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 4/29/2009 @ 8:47 am PT ...
Father , grandfather , husband , veteran , patriot , co-director of VotersUnite.org , democracy advocate , blogger , friend ... & Hero .
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... jen said on 4/29/2009 @ 9:04 am PT ...
A beautiful and fitting tribute to a true champion whose work benefited us all .
John 's work and spirit will live on , but his presence will be sorely missed .
Thank you , Brad for working so hard and tirelessly for all of us and our country , and for promoting John 's essential work .
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 4/29/2009 @ 11:45 am PT ...
Boy , that 's a shock .
I did n't know John , but I read his contributions to the Brad Blog , which served us all well .
My condolences go out to his family and to you Brad .
He truly made a difference in our world .
- Tom
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... Jon Ferguson said on 4/29/2009 @ 1:12 pm PT ...
When John would come into my office , my little kitten would always run and grab his foot and then ride around , clinging to his big boot .
He was a big man with a kind and gentle heart .
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... Marge Acosta said on 4/29/2009 @ 3:06 pm PT ...
Although I had only limited personal contact with John , I felt shocked and deeply affected by his passing .
John Gideon was open , honest , kind , pithy and a wealth of information .
From personal experience , I found he had the ability to be a dynamo of productivity , yet make time for the most insignificant request ; to correct a misstatement without being judgmental or condescending , and to be a truly great man yet remain unpretentious .
But perhaps one of John ’s greatest gifts was his ability to listen to , read about and report on all sides of an issue .
I remember when I first started reading the DVN , I came across an article that seemed in opposition to John ’s --- and my --- beliefs and wondered why he printed it .
Then I read his disclaimer & thought , “ Wow , this guy really does publish an objective newsletter --- how refreshing ! ”
The website he co-founded was the same --- reporting flaws in all types of voting systems , even those we were fighting for .
I felt John was similarly open - minded in his interactions with other activists .
He could passionately disagree with someone , and still treat that person as a fellow advocate and a colleague .
John seemed to recognize that , as in any cause , EI activists are strong and opinionated , with varying perceptions , eccentricities , modes of operation and differing views , yet we are all allies and must work together toward the common goal of achieving transparent , participatory democracy .
As I reflect , I think this may be his greatest legacy , his call for Voters --- and activists --- to Unite .
My heart goes out to his family , Ellen , Brad and all his friends and colleagues .
He will be greatly missed , but we were so blessed to have him .
Marge Acosta
COMMENT # 92 [ Permalink ]
... Badger said on 4/29/2009 @ 3:36 pm PT ...
There are no words and there are no replacements .
John was unique , untiring , and unstoppable .
John provided the base necessary to show this country and the world that , no , we should not assume that " we " elected anybody , that our election system is filled with problems , and that we will have to be vigilant to get it back where it belongs - in the hands of the people .
My heart goes out to his family .
COMMENT #93 [ Permalink ]
... Brian D. Newby said on 4/29/2009 @ 5:01 pm PT ...
I am so distraught to learn of this news .
John Gideon was a gentleman .
He always returned my emails and calls to give me advice .
He always had insight into issues .
Navigating through election issues is tough , and John made it easier for me .
He was a trusted advisor to me , and I appreciated that , but I just now feel how truly fortunate I was for that to be the case .
COMMENT # 94 [ Permalink ]
... Jay Jackman said on 4/29/2009 @ 7:37 pm PT ...
I am deeply saddened by John 's death .
His role in the Election Integrity movement cannot be overstated .
Each day I looked forward to the DVN as the source of any relevant news concerning voting issues .
I just hope that his legacy lives on and that someone can and will pick up the torch .
COMMENT #95 [ Permalink ]
... Jennifer said on 5/1/2009 @ 12:37 am PT ...
I am shocked to learn of John 's passing !
I worked a bit with him on election reform in 2004 , and remembered his fantastic work .
My heart goes out to his family and friends .
He was certainly a great patriot .
COMMENT #96 [ Permalink ]
... Cyteria said on 5/1/2009 @ 8:19 am PT ...
This reminds me of a book about the death of JFK : " Johnny , We Hardly Knew Ye . "
Yes , I agree .
A patriot .
Are there people in this generation who can take his place ?
God , I hope so .
COMMENT #97 [ Permalink ]
... JEP said on 5/3/2009 @ 9:47 am PT ...
As a long - time lurker who has always believed in the populist creed you have tapped here , let me add my condolences to everyone else .
This is a terrible loss , not just to the Bradblog fans , but to the nation as a country and the world as a whole .
Brad , you should consider putting together a collection of John 's work , and publish it in hardcover .
It would be hard for even the most pernicious " revisionist historian " to defy the truth there - in , and it would prove an invaluable tool for teachers of the future .
COMMENT #98 [ Permalink ]
... Tom Baker said on 5/7/2009 @ 9:14 pm PT ...
Women who fall in love with violent men would be warned off the relationship by police , under controversial new proposals to be published by the home secretary tomorrow .
Jacqui Smith told the Observer that serial perpetrators of domestic violence could be monitored in a similar way to paedophiles , allowing police to identify and alert any new partners to their records in the hope of preventing future abuse .
Wife batterers also face new conditions restricting their movements or habits , such as forcing them to seek treatment for drink problems , under a wide - ranging review of violence against women .
However , the idea of the state interfering in adults ' love lives will be highly sensitive , raising new questions over privacy and over whether any genuinely repentant offenders would be able to leave their pasts behind .
After a series of errors by the Criminal Records Bureau , where job applicants were wrongly accused of having a criminal past , there will also be concerns over the potentially devastating consequences of mistaken identity .
Smith will ask Brian Moore , chief constable of Wiltshire and the Association of Chief Police Officers ' spokesman on domestic violence , to lead a review of how such changes could be introduced .
She said it would be targeting serial offenders " who basically go from one relationship to another , beating up the women " , focusing on ways to break the cycle .
" Arguably there is a duty of care , if you know that this guy has already beaten up women , to consider whether you should warn the next woman , " she said .
" This is a sensitive area and that is why I want Brian Moore to look at it . "
The proposals come on International Women 's Day , with the weekend 's annual protest march against violence against women given added impetus by the case of singer Rhianna , whose boyfriend , the R'n 'B star Chris Brown , was last week charged with assault over an alleged attack on her in Los Angeles .
Leaked photographs of Rhianna 's bruised face prompted outraged fans to form Facebook groups supporting her and condemning violence .
However , some of 19 - year - old Brown 's supporters responded by accusing her of provoking the alleged attack by being too " controlling " , while scurrilous rumours were circulated about her behaviour on gossip websites .
Smith declined to comment on the case but said it was clear the belief persisted in some quarters that violence could sometimes be excused , adding : " I do n't think we should ever be complacent about allowing to creep back the idea that any woman in any circumstances , in any relationship , deserves to be in a position where their partner is being violent . "
The cross -government consultation is also expected to study new ways of preventing sexual assaults , including changing male attitudes to consent .
The youth worker Camilla Batmanghelidjh has warned of a " shocking increase " in gang rapes of young girls in inner cities , with sexual violence being used to intimidate and punish girls regarded as disrespectful towards gang members .
" There is some evidence , anecdotally if not more than that , about ( rape as part of ) initiation rites and about the way in which these may be linked to gang culture , and certainly I think it would be worthy of consideration as part of this consultation , " Smith said .
The review will look at lessons to be learned from a pilot allowing new partners of convicted paedophiles to be alerted to their criminal records to prevent children being unwittingly put at risk .
Although treating battered women in the same way risks charges of infantilising them , Smith said the nature of domestic violence left many women powerless : " Domestic violence and its repeated incidence has the impact on women of putting them in a situation where it 's actually very difficult for them to make choices . "
If they were given information by the police it would be up to them how they responded , she said .
She signalled the government may stop short of a full register in favour of tracking selected repeat offenders .
However , Chris Grayling , the shadow home secretary , questioned whether police had the resources to monitor the relationships of serial perpetrators .
" All of us are concerned about domestic violence but we also have to be realistic about what our police can achieve at a time when forces are cutting numbers .
I struggle to see how on earth the police can be expected to keep tabs on people in this way , " he said .
Other measures to be considered by the review include so - called " go orders " requiring a man accused of domestic violence to be temporarily removed from the couple 's home for a short period , while his partner considers pressing charges .
Newly released documents Documents released in 2001 revealed that Ronald Reagan served as a secret FBI snitch during the Red Scare ( we already knew he named names during the hearings , but now we also know that he snuck around behind his friends ' and members ' backs and destroyed their lives ) :
It was revealed last week that the future President played another role as well : as a secret FBI informant , code name T - 10 .
According to an article published in the San Jose Mercury News , documents obtained through the Freedom of Information Act indicate that Reagan and his first wife , Actress Jane Wyman , provided federal agents with the names of actors they believed were Communist sympathizers .
American Notes Hollywood
( via Digg )
( Image : File : Ronald Reagan in Dark Victory trailer.jpg , Public Domain , Wikimedia Commons )
More than 10 years after I started playing Nethack — probably the deepest computer game evar — I finally beat it !
That ’s a 6,139,426 - point Valkrie win right there , homeboy .
If you do n’t know Nethack , you ’re not alone — it ’s a bit of a cult computer game .
And like a lot of cults , it represents a fairly fundamental evolutionary offshoot from the main branch .
In fact , I ’d say it represents a gaming philosophy that ’s radically different from what ’s now the mainstream .
For one thing , the game has been in constant development for the past 20 - odd years .
It was started in 1987 as a spin - off of a game called Rogue , which was a crude Dungeons - and - Dragons type of adventure game , developed on UNIX computers using ASCII ( text ) characters in the place of graphics .
In 1988 , development was organized by a University of Pennsylvania philosophy professor with time on his hands , that ’s when it started to take off .
Since that time , the game has undergone countless revisions , as literally thousands of monsters , pieces of equipment and interactions have been added by the secretive DevTeam , essentially making it the product of a decades - long brainstorming session .
For example , every potion in the game can be drunk , of course , but it can also be thrown at monsters , or the wall , or the floor — and monsters can and will throw it at you in a pinch ( assuming they are intelligent and have arms ) .
It can be boiled , frozen , diluted , or mixed with any other potion — and if it boils you might be affected by the vapour .
You can dip your weapons , armour or any other item into it .
It can be blessed or cursed .
And every interaction has been considered and tested !
If you try dipping a potion of acid into a fountain , it will bubble up and burn you instead of diluting .
If you dip arrows into a potion of sickness , it will poison them , but if you dip them into a potion of polymorph , it might turn them into darts .
A potion of gain level will normally raise your character ’s level , but if it ’s cursed , it will raise you a level of the dungeon , instead .
Nethack likes puns .
One reason it can pull this off is that the graphics are incredibly basic .
The screenshot above is Qt Nethack , which is pretty fancy - pants by Nethack standards .
The default is just plain ASCII symbols : @ is you , < and > are stairs down and up .
A d is a dog that you might be able to tame and even make a pet if you have food for it , but a D is a dragon : there are 18 different kinds , any of which will probably fuck you up if you ’re not ready .
And you know what ?
The game is just as engaging as any current - generation console game — more than most , in fact .
Funny how the human minds works .
The other way Nethack diverges from current game dev practice is that it is painfully , heartstoppingly , masochistically unforgiving .
Whenever you load a saved game , the first thing the program does is delete your saved file .
If you die , you do n’t go back to the last place you saved .
You ’re dead .
Start over .
And you will die lots , especially in the beginning part of the game , when most of the items in the dungeon are unknown and dangerous and plenty of the monsters are tougher than you .
Even worse , the game is fair .
Which is to say , play balance has been so refined that death is rarely arbitrary .
Most deaths are caused by greed , impatience and / or sloppiness .
Sure there ’s a point when death is inevitable a few turns away , but looking back , there ’s always something you could have done differently if you were smarter or more careful .
If you had used your wand of cold to fight the giant bees instead of your sword , you would n’t have been poisoned by their strength - depleting stings , which would have let you carry the cockatrice corpse down the stairs without falling on it and being turned to stone .
( True story !
Also , I ’m a huge nerd ! )
Supposedly , the best Nethack players can win several games in a row without dying , but I died hundreds of deaths between discovering the game in the 1990s and beating it last weekend ( and then there was the one time my high - level wizard managed to accidentally leave the dungeon without dying or winning ) .
All of this — the complexity , the lack of graphics , and the sheer unforgiving brutality — makes Nethack impenetrable and frustrating to most people and intensely interesting to a few .
Probably explains why it ’s a marginal cult game at best .
( It does n’t help that these days , the game ’s mysteries are all just a Google search away . )
I have n’t played it much lately — the game I won on Saturday I started over two years ago and played for a couple of hours every few months .
But I will say , finally beating this sadistic bastard was a lot more satisfying than getting to the credit screen of any PS2 game .
Shit or Get Off the Pot The Time to Decriminalize Marijuana Is Now
mark kaufman
Jeffrey Steinborn , Seattle 's leading pot -defense attorney , was sitting at his desk overlooking Elliott Bay in early March when a client in his mid-30s walked into the office .
The man had recently been convicted of possessing pot for personal use .
" He went up to this place north of Seattle where they have this shelter full of abused puppies they are trying to get rid of , " Steinborn says .
" They would n't give him a puppy .
They turned him down for a pot conviction . "
Translation :
Pot smoking is so wicked , according to current law , that the state even punishes puppies when humans do it .
The real ramifications of pot laws , of course , extend beyond small dogs .
In 2007 , according to data from the Washington Association of Sheriffs and Police Chiefs , officers arrested 11,553 people in our state for misdemeanor pot possession ( less than 40 grams ) .
Those who get caught face up to 90 days in jail and a permanent criminal record .
The court and jail costs amount to $ 16,008,360 of tax - payer money every year , a March report by the state legislature shows .
And that does n't include the public costs of police time or the private costs of lost jobs and money spent on private attorneys .
" A more dysfunctional allocation of our resources would be difficult to imagine , " Steinborn says .
The state legislature just had its chance to fix this ass- backward approach to pot enforcement .
It blew it .
A bill to reclassify pot offenses , reducing the maximum penalty for misdemeanor pot possession from three months in jail to a $ 100 fine , died in the legislature in mid-March .
" Marijuana is a red flag to some legislators , " explains Senator Jeanne Kohl - Welles ( D - 36 ) , the prime sponsor of the senate version of the bill .
Democratic lawmakers representing swing districts fear a backlash from conservative constituents , she says .
For example , Senator James Hargrove ( D - 24 ) broke from Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee by voting against the measure .
Clearly , our cowardly legislature will never decriminalize pot .
Which leaves option two : Run an initiative .
Other states have run outlandish pot initiatives before and failed .
In Alaska , a measure that would have provided financial reparations to formerly incarcerated potheads went down in smoke and smoldered in the snow .
In Nevada , the cash - flush Marijuana Policy Project ( MPP ) has twice gambled on an initiative that would tax and regulate pot — but , of course , the house always wins and pot taxing and regulation lost .
But Washington 's drug- policy - reform establishment — including the ACLU of Washington , state legislators , city council and county council people , and various organizations and people involved in previous drug - reform efforts — would n't run a stupid , unwinnable initiative in Washington .
They could form a campaign that would run an initiative to decriminalize adult marijuana possession by popular vote .
Emphasis on popular : Opinion research conducted by the state ACLU in 2006 and 2008 found that Washington State voters overwhelmingly reject the idea that pot smokers should go to jail .
When asked to pick between ( a ) completely legalizing pot , ( b ) making possession a noncriminal offense ( like the bill that died this year ) , or ( c ) keeping it illegal , an average of 68 percent of voters said they supported legalization or decriminalization .
Ahem — legislators ?
More hope : Barack Obama is the president now .
Under the Bush administration , former drug czar John Walters campaigned against every drug - reform initiative , including Initiative 75 , which deprioritized marijuana enforcement in Seattle in 2003 .
In contrast , Obama 's drug czar , former Seattle police chief Gil Kerlikowske , did n't oppose I - 75 .
" I think it would be highly unlikely that the Obama administration would make any effort to oppose a decriminalization initiative , because there 's not really much of a conflict with federal law , " says Ethan Nadelmann , director of the Drug Policy Alliance , the country 's leading drug - policy - reform think tank .
In other words , for the first time in nearly a decade , the most powerful lobby opposed to changing pot laws is dead .
" I think that Washington [ State ] has been on the forefront of a lot of good things , " says MPP spokesman Bruce Mirken .
" A lot of people are looking to Washington to continue to play that role . "
But will MPP sink its millions into the Evergreen State the way it has in Nevada ?
" I think it would be a combination of need for our involvement , a well thought out proposal , and us having the money to do it . "
He confirms that MPP continues to receive massive annual endowments from former Progressive Insurance head Peter Lewis , who has provided a significant chunk of the organization 's funding for years .
On the ground here is the ACLU of Washington .
The ACLU has run television infomercials with Rick Steves talking about pot laws , hosted forums on pot , and sponsored studies .
Alison Holcomb , the group 's drug - policy director , is open to an initiative but maintains hope the legislature could pass a bill in 2010 .
But public discussion on pot has come to a standstill :
The legislature dropped the bill without getting anywhere close to passing it , television stations relegated the ACLU 's infomercial to late - night slots , and the current discourse about pot is wallowing in the patchouli- stained ghetto of Hempfest .
The issue , if it is to proceed , needs to demand attention in an urgent policy proposal that can't be ignored — an initiative .
The sorts of people and groups who worked on I - 75 and Washington 's medical - marijuana initiative ( elected officials , the King County Bar Association , NORML , MPP ) are all in a position to form a campaign later this year and run a winning decriminalization initiative in 2010 .
Meanwhile , the resistance to decriminalization is weaker than ever .
In 2008 , MPP funded an initiative in Massachusetts similar to the bill that failed in our state legislature this year .
Senator John Kerry , the governor , the attorney general , and law enforcement from around the state claimed that decriminalizing pot would promote drug use , assist drug dealers , and send the wrong message to children .
The tactic backfired .
Polling two weeks before the vote showed the initiative leading by only 19 points , but — after the opposition ramped up its campaign — it passed a 30 - point margin .
Washington possesses a stronger defense than Massachusetts against the inevitable fearmongering .
In March , University of Washington professors Katherine Beckett and Steve Herbert released a study , sponsored by the state ACLU , which found that despite escalating enforcement , pot prices did n't rise , use did n't drop , and availability did n't falter .
" So all the things you would presume that strong enforcement would achieve , it does not , " says Herbert .
" It just costs us money . "
The findings decimate the arguments traditionally used to stop pot reform .
And when it comes to money , the lousy economy is an asset .
Lawmakers and the public are looking for ways to save cash .
" Things that were seen as politically impossible are now seen as being needed to be put on the table anyway , " says Nadelmann .
" It is an ideal time for an initiative , because people question why we are spending taxpayer dollars trying to enforce an unenforceable prohibition . "
Mark Fiore :
Who 's on second ?
( June 6 , 2012 ) Item - 9686.44948 -
Fiore : Why Do They Hate Us Item - 11412.44948 -
This Is Not A Test ( Oct , 31 , 2012 ) Item - 12457.44948 -
An animated editorial cartoon by Mark Fiore , a Bay Area cartoonist and winner of the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for editorial cartooning
Find more cartoons at www.markfiore.com.﻿
Mark Fiore 's work appears every Thursday on SFGate .
Iraq vet :
We 're losing ' more soldiers to suicide than to al Qaeda ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday February 13 , 2009
Print This Email This
The Army 's suicide rate is the highest it has been in three decades , and a week - long series of articles at Salon.com has been highlighting what it calls " habitual mistreatment behind the preventable deaths . "
Paul Rieckhoff , the founder and executive director of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , told MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow on Thursday , " In January , we lost approximately 24 soldiers in the Army to suicide .
That 's more folks than we lost in combat .
...
We lost more soldiers to suicide than to al Qaeda . "
" If we lost that many soldiers to an enemy weapon system , the entire country would be outraged , " Rieckhoff continued .
" The Pentagon would be scrambling to do something about it .
We need the same level of urgency around these suicides . "
Rieckhoff's group has been lobbying Congress this week to do more for veterans needs .
" We took dozens of veterans from around the country , " he told Maddow proudly .
" We met with over a hundred lawmakers , we held two press events .
...
We highlighted ... the need for mandatory mental health counseling and we called for advance funding of the VA . "
Rieckhoff said that there 's bipartisan support in Congress for such funding , which is critical because " every year the VA budget is late , and VA 's around the country are forced to ration care . "
However , there 's also a critical shortage of mental health counselors .
" This is a place where President Obama can step up , " Rieckhoff remarked .
" He could issue a national call to service and say , ' If you are a qualified mental health care professional , your country needs you .
Help our soldiers , help our veterans .
It does n't matter how you stand on the war .
You can step up and make a difference here . ' "
" Troops alone are not the answer [ to Afghanistan ] , " he added .
" It 's not an antidote to violence .
You do n't just drop 30,000 troops in , wave a magic wand and call it democracy , and make it look like New Jersey . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Feb. 12 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The White House says that Barack Obama is " highly engaged " in monitoring the swine flu outbreak that has spread over the border from Mexico into the US – and well he might .
For a while , the President 's doctors feared that he may have come closer than almost anyone in the country to contracting the virus .
According to alarming reports from Mexico City , Felipe Solis , a distinguished archaeologist who showed Mr Obama around the city 's anthropology museum during his visit to Mexico earlier this month , died the next day from " flu - like symptoms " .
Mr Solis met the President at a gala dinner which was held at the museum on 16 April , before Mr Obama travelled on to the Americas summit in Trinidad and Tobago .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Yesterday , the museum was shut , in common with most public attractions in Mexico City , and the nation 's Health Minister confirmed that Mr Solis had died of pneumonia – but that it was not thought he had contracted swine flu .
In the US , the White House said that the President 's doctors had given him an all - clear .
Mr Obama showed no symptoms after the usual incubation period , his spokesman said .
Economist : US collapse driven by ' fraud ' ; Geithner covering up bank insolvency Stephen C. Webster
Published : Saturday April 4 , 2009
Print This Email This
In an explosive interview on PBS ' Bill Moyers Journal , William K. Black , a professor of economics and law with the University of Missouri , alleged that American banks and credit agencies conspired to create a system in which so - called " liars loans " could receive AAA ratings and zero oversight , amounting to a massive " fraud " at the epicenter of US finance .
But worse still , said Black , Timothy Geithner , President Barack Obama 's Secretary of the Treasury , is currently engaged in a cover - up to keep the truth of America 's financial insolvency from its citizens .
The interview , which aired Friday night , is carried on the Bill Moyers Journal Web site .
Black 's most recent published work , " The Best Way to Rob a Bank is to Own One , " released in 2005 , was hailed by Nobel - winning economist George A. Akerlof as " extraordinary . "
" There is no one else in the whole world who understands so well exactly how these lootings occurred in all their details and how the changes in government regulations and in statutes in the early 1980s caused this spate of looting , " he wrote .
" This book will be a classic . "
But that book only covers the fallout from the 1980s Savings & Loan crisis ; Black 's later first - hand involvement in that scandal being the ensuing liquidation of bad banks .
" A single bank , IndyMac , lost more money than the entire Savings and Loan Crisis , " reported PBS .
" The difference between now and then , explains Black , is a drastic reduction in regulation and oversight , ' We now know what happens when you destroy regulation .
You get the biggest financial calamity of anybody under the age of 80 . ' "
That financial calamity , he explained , was brought about not by mishap or accident , but only after a concerted effort to undermine and remove all regulations , allowing a creditor free - for - all that hinged on fraudulent risk ratings for bad loans .
" [ T ] he way that you do it is to make really bad loans , because they pay better , " he told Moyers .
" Then you grow extremely rapidly , in other words , you 're a Ponzi - like scheme .
And the third thing you do is we call it leverage .
That just means borrowing a lot of money , and the combination creates a situation where you have guaranteed record profits in the early years .
That makes you rich , through the bonuses that modern executive compensation has produced .
It also makes it inevitable that there 's going to be a disaster down the road .
" ... This stuff , the exotic stuff that you 're talking about was created out of things like liars ' loans , that were known to be extraordinarily bad , " he continued .
" And now it was getting triple - A ratings .
Now a triple - A rating is supposed to mean there is zero credit risk .
So you take something that not only has significant , it has crushing risk .
That 's why it 's toxic .
And you create this fiction that it has zero risk .
That itself , of course , is a fraudulent exercise .
And again , there was nobody looking , during the Bush years .
So finally , only a year ago , we started to have a Congressional investigation of some of these rating agencies , and it 's scandalous what came out .
What we know now is that the rating agencies never looked at a single loan file .
When they finally did look , after the markets had completely collapsed , they found , and I 'm quoting Fitch , the smallest of the rating agencies , " the results were disconcerting , in that there was the appearance of fraud in nearly every file we examined . "
He equated the entire US financial system to a giant " ponzi scheme " and charged Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , like Secretary Henry Paulson before him , of " covering up " the truth .
" Are you saying that Timothy Geithner , the Secretary of the Treasury , and others in the administration , with the banks , are engaged in a cover up to keep us from knowing what went wrong ? " asked Moyers .
" Absolutely , because they are scared to death , " he said .
" All right ?
They 're scared to death of a collapse .
They 're afraid that if they admit the truth , that many of the large banks are insolvent .
They think Americans are a bunch of cowards , and that we 'll run screaming to the exits .
And we wo n't rely on deposit insurance .
And , by the way , you can rely on deposit insurance .
And it 's foolishness .
All right ?
Now , it may be worse than that .
You can impute more cynical motives .
But I think they are sincerely just panicked about , ' We just ca n't let the big banks fail . '
That 's wrong . "
Ultimately , said Black , the financial downfall of the United States in the wake of the Bush years is due to " the most elite institutions in America engaging in or facilitating fraud . "
" When will Americans wake up and hold the real criminals - Banksters - accountable for their actions , and pressure the government to enact systemic changes to prevent future abuses ? " asked Huffington Post blogger Mike Garibaldi - Frick .
The full interview can be viewed on - line .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Oh , and about that ACORN voter fraud ...
Brad Friedman Byon 3/6/2009 , 12:29 pm PT
In the Minnesota Independent 's coverage of former Sen. Norm Coleman 's latest push for a " do - over " election , they also point to our recent coverage of GOP chair Michael Steele 's obnoxious and absurd fund raising email to GOP members :
Actually it ’s surprising Republicans would even consider letting Franken off with a simple do - over when they ’ve got the goods on him .
According to a Monday fund - raising letter from RNC Chair Steele , Franken is “ stealing Norm Coleman ’s U.S. Senate seat in Minnesota . ”
Well , that 's a good point , is n't it ?
With Steele , the Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee , the Republican National Lawyer 's Association , and all of their affiliated wingnuts claiming over and over that Franken is " stealing " the election ( as we detailed and linked in our report ) , why are n't the Republicanists calling for criminal charges to be brought against him ?
It does seem rather gracious of them to allow Franken to compete in a " do- over " for a U.S. Senate seat which they claim to have evidence of him trying to " steal " in the first place , no ?
Are the wingnuts just nice that way ?
Or are they just full of shit ?
Hmmm , tough call .
( BTW , with all of those charges by the Republicanists , before the election , of ACORN committing massive " voter fraud , " should n't Coleman and the Republicanists have brought forward their evidence for that during this important election contest trial , since they seem to have lost by only about 250 votes ?
Especially in MN , where ACORN helped to register more than 42,000 new voters prior to last year 's election ?
With all of those fraudulent ACORN voters , and with Coleman 's team having gone over every single vote cast with a fine - tooth comb , you 'd think the GOP could have offered evidence of at least one case of " voter fraud " committed by ACORN in MN , no ?
Apparently not . )
I would like a comprehensive list of each offense Ferris and his friends commit during the movie " Ferris Bueller 's Day Off " .
Ideally , please list the offense ( criminal trespass to vehicle , battery , etc. ) and the category of crime if it was committed by an adult ( eg , felony , Class A Misdemeanor , etc. ) Illinois jurisdiction .
Thank you very much .
Seeking list of crimes committed by Ferris Bueller during his Day off .
The English tradition could die out in 200 years for lack of recruits
A London council has lent its support to a recruitment drive to help more people become Morris dancers .
From next month , Harrow Council will launch a publicity campaign to encourage more members after fears the tradition could die out in 20 years .
The publicity material will promote workshops open to the public .
The authority has also given its local Morris dancers , the Merrydowners Morris , free use of its 16th Century historic barn .
Anxiety over the future of Morris dancing was raised when the Morris Ring , which represents more than 200 teams , warned that the dearth of new blood could mean the traditional English art dying out in 20 years .
Councillor Chris Mote , of Harrow Council , said : " You see enough stories about councils supporting daft politically correct activities , so we were more than happy to back this ancient English tradition .
" It would be great to see new members signed up after they forget the silly jokes and see this great art close up . "
This TV commercial became so wide spread in the 1960 ’s that some people started to believe the citrusy powder was invented by NASA ’s space program .
But this is a myth .
The most convincing evidence is that Tang was invented in 1957 by General Foods and was n’t used by NASA until 1962 .
Of course , heavily - circulated , full - color magazine ads like the following did n’t help dispell this misconception :
The truth is that Tang was adopted by the space program in an effort to make the water that was produced as a natural byproduct of the Gemini life - support system more palatable .
Here ’s a quote from a NASA engineer who knows the inside scoop :
There was a particular component of the Gemini life support - system module which produced H2O ( water ) among other things .
This was a byproduct of a recurring chemical reaction of one of the mechanical devices on the life - support module .
The astronauts would use this water to drink during their space flight .
The problem was , the astronauts did not like the taste of the water because of some of the byproducts produced , which were not harmful of course .
So , they added Tang to make the water taste better .
What ’s suspicious is that Buzz Aldrin does n’t remember having Tang on his trip to the moon .
This should n’t dissuade you , however , from having a blast with Tang .
Just make sure to mix it in your zero -g pouch if you happen to be in space .
Herocious is the author of , most recently , Austin Nights .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
It is typical of Rahul Dravid that when he set a world record for test cricket , it was one of the least publicized .
Dravid , a 36 - year - old Indian , is one of the great players of the era , possessor of perhaps the purest technique of any contemporary batsman .
He is also a supreme team man who invariably tailors his performances to India ’s need and has been overshadowed for much of his career by more flamboyant players .
Part of his immense contribution has been his fielding , particularly as a catcher in the slips — the group who stand alongside the wicketkeeper waiting for deflections from the bat .
By far the largest number go to the keeper , the one player who is defined by a fielding speciality .
Mark Boucher of South Africa holds the all - time record for wicketkeepers in five - day tests with 453 catches .
When Dravid dived low to his left to dismiss New Zealand ’s opening batsman Tim McIntosh at Wellington on Monday it was his 182nd catch in tests , taking sole possession of the record for fielders other than keepers .
He had been tied with Mark Waugh of Australia .
It is not known whether the photograpther was inspired by Alfie , but he said at the time he was planning another project , this time on facial hair .
Teacher faces disciplinary action after parent uncovers racy lingerie photos online
In a pink negligee and little else , it 's clear that Natasha Gray likes to keep in shape .
Indeed , her interests include physical exercise and dance - but the fact that she teaches these subjects at a secondary school has landed her in hot water .
The part - time model 's revealing online portfolio was already common knowledge among pupils aged 11 to 16 when an irate parent wrote to Manor Community School in Cambridge to complain about the ' provocative pictures ' .
Exposed : Natasha Gray in a modelling pose on the internet , which has caused anger among some parents from the school where she teaches
Seductive : Miss Gray has a website offering her services as a model
Winning beauty : Miss Gray was named Britain 's Sexiest Teacher two weeks before she started her job
Miss Gray , 30 - a former convent school pupil who was voted Britain 's sexiest teacher in an ITV competition in 2002 - was immediately ordered to remove the photos on her ' Tasha ' home page .
She was at work as usual yesterday after her behaviour was classed as misconduct rather than gross misconduct , but she is facing a severe reprimand .
The letter which exposed her , from an unnamed parent , said : ' I was surprised when my child came home from school informing me that one of their teachers had somewhat provocative pictures on a website .
' It is apparently common knowledge and has been for some time .
' Any teacher is in a position of trust and surely this is inappropriate .
I am disgusted that , even if these were taken before she became a teacher , Miss Gray has not even attempted to remove them . '
Claire Schofield , who has a child at Manor and is a school governor , said : ' I would hope that any teacher would be able to be some sort of responsible role model to children at the school .
I do n't think she really thought this through . '
Cambridge - born Miss Gray went to St Mary 's Convent School in the city and then De Montfort University in Bedford , graduating in 2002 - the same year she was voted the nation 's sexiest teacher .
Oblivious : Head teacher Ben Slade said the photos are ' certainly a disciplinary matter ' but that Miss Gray will not be suspended
Bikini babe : Miss Gray qualified for the finals of Britain 's Sexiest but narrowly missed out
Weeks later she joined Manor , where she is now head of PE and dance .
The mixed school has 365 pupils and became a specialist creative and performing arts college two years ago .
Miss Gray - whose page on a modelling website states that she is ' willing to travel with expenses paid ' - was unavailable for comment yesterday .
But a friend said she was ' mortified ' , adding : ' She is horrified at the reaction .
She has had a terrible time having to face the other teachers and the pupils .
She just wants the whole thing to go away . '
A school insider said the maximum sanction Miss Gray faced for misconduct was a final warning - the step before summary dismissal .
This could change , however , if she was found to have used school equipment for her website .
Principal Ben Slade said teachers could have second jobs as long as it did not affect their work .
But he added : ' This behaviour has brought the school into disrepute .
It will be dealt with most severely and will certainly be a disciplinary matter . '
Miss Gray 's father Barry , a personal trainer , said he was proud of his daughter and that her modelling shots were ' tasteful ' .
He added : ' It 's the first time I have heard that anyone has complained .
I 'm surprised the school is kicking up a fuss . '
Climate
Intramuros
Rizal Park
San Agustin Church
National Museum of the Philippines
Malacanang Palace
American Cemetery and Memorial
Las Pinas
Corregidor
Tagaytay City
Banaue
Subic Bay Freeport Zone
Puerto Galera
Palawan
Basilica Minore de Santo Nino
Fort San Pedro
Jumalon Museum
Casa Gorordo Museum
Beaches
Boracay
Bohol
Davao Museum
San Pedro Cathedral
Philippine Eagle Center
Samal Island
Lake Sebu
Camiguin
The Philippines archipelago of more than 7,000 islands is sandwiched between Malaysia , Indonesia , Vietnam and Thailand , flanked by the South China Sea .
All her neighbors have magical tourist appeal to various degrees , but the Philippines , even though the sea is just as blue and clear and the myriad coral islands just as alluring , seems to have missed the boat when it comes to marketing its attractions .
Bad press in recent years , after some high - profile terrorism and kidnapping incidents , have not helped matters .
The country has also labored under a turbulent political reputation and is still overcoming the effects of martial law .
Its poor infrastructure , dilapidated roads and unsafe ferries , have also all played a role in deterring potential travelers and the country has been overlooked as an eco-tourist destination because of local disregard for the natural resources ( such as fishermen dynamiting coral reefs ) .
While resources are being channelled into education to prevent such practices a great deal of damage has already been done to the environment .
The good news is that Filipinos themselves are warm and welcoming - as underscored in the country 's tagline - ' where Asia wears a smile ' .
Apart from some beautiful , remote tropical islands and legendary scuba diving spots , the archipelago 's best resource is the friendliness and laid - back attitude of the Filipino people .
Their hospitable and embracing attitude is enough to put a smile on any visitor 's face ; this is even more the case in the rural areas .
The Philippines has some superb all - inclusive luxury resorts spread around the islands which cushion visitors from the general degradation and safety - risks of the cities and towns , and a major plus is that the country is amazingly good - value .
Also , the food is delicious , and English is widely spoken .
Independent travelers who like to wander off the beaten track , and do not mind doing without the conveniences of running water and the like , will find plenty to fascinate them in the countryside and coastal parts of the Philippines ; albeit without the assistance of guide books .
The Philippines is one of the few places left in the world where adventurers can wander through tribal lands , unfettered by modern interferences .
Travelers are however advised to follow the current safety advice on areas to avoid .
During 2000 a Belgian research center declared the Philippines to be the most disaster - prone country on earth , citing typhoons , earthquakes , volcanic eruptions , floods , garbage landslides and militant action against Muslim insurgents as just some of it's problems !
The current Government , however , is trying to improve this image , so now may be the time to see the country in its unspoilt state , before the major mass package resort developers move in .
The official language of the Philippines is Filipino , but English is widely spoken .
Tagalog is the most predominant of the many dialects or local languages spoken throughout the islands .
The currency of the Philippines is the Peso ( PHP ) , which is divided into 100 centavos .
Major credit cards are widely accepted in the cities and tourist destinations .
Banks do not always accept travelers cheques , but a receipt of purchase is useful .
ATMs are available in the major cities .
US dollars are widely accepted in Manila and other tourist areas and are the easiest currency to exchange ; otherwise Euros and Pounds Sterling can also be exchanged in banks and hotels .
Banks open from 9am to 3 pm , Monday to Friday , but their ATMs are open 24 hours .
It is best to carry pesos when traveling outside of major centers .
Local time is GMT + 8 .
Electrical current is 220 volts , 60 Hz .
Two - pin flat blade attachments and two - pin round plugs are used .
The international access code for the Philippines is +63 .
The outgoing code is 00 followed by the relevant country code ( e.g. 001 for the United States ) .
City / area codes are in use , e.g. ( 0 ) 2 for Manila .
The major towns , cities and popular tourist spots are covered by GSM 900 and 1800 mobile phone networks .
Internet cafes are available in Manila and the tourist resorts . :
Travelers to the Philippines over 18 years do not have to pay duty on 400 cigarettes or 50 cigars or 250g pipe tobacco ; and 2 liters of alcoholic beverages .
Prohibited items include firearms or parts thereof , explosives and ammunition ; printed material that contains subversive , obscene or pornographic content ; drugs , gambling machines , lottery sweepstake tickets , or coin - operated video machines ; gold , silver and other precious metals that do not have authentication of quality ; non-identifiable brands of medicines or foodstuffs ; coca leaves and any prohibited drugs ; plants or parts thereof , fruits and vegetables .
Everyone entering the Philippines must have a passport valid for at least six months beyond the intended period of stay ( some exceptions are possible ) .
All visitors must have return or onward tickets , documents necessary for further travel , as well as sufficient funds .
A visa is not required for a stay of up to 21 days provided these criterion are met .
Extensions for visas are possible and should be made with the Bureau of Immigration .
United States citizens must have a valid passport .
No visa is required for a stay of up to 21 days .
British citizens must have a valid passport .
No visa is required for a stay of up to 21 days , unless passport is endorsed British National ( Overseas ) issued in Hong Kong , in which case no visa is required for a maximum stay of seven days .
Canadians must have a valid passport .
No visa is required for a stay of up to 21 days .
Australians must have a valid passport .
No visa is required for a stay of up to 21 days .
South Africans must have a valid passport .
No visa is required for a stay of up to 21 days .
Irish citizens must have a valid passport .
No visa is required for a stay of up to 21 days .
New Zealand nationals must have a valid passport .
No visa is required for a stay of up to 21 days .
No special vaccination certificates are required , except by travelers entering the Philippines from an area infected with yellow fever .
Recommended vaccinations include typhoid as there are frequent outbreaks of typhoid fever .
There is a malaria risk in parts of the Philippines and visitors should seek medical advice before traveling ; urban areas are generally considered risk - free .
Dengue fever is a risk throughout the country ; the best prevention is to avoid mosquito bites .
Tap water is not safe to drink and ice in drinks should be avoided ; cholera is a risk in the country and precautions are advised .
Sea snakes can be highly venomous ; travelers should be cautious in remote coastal waters , lakes and rivers , as anti-venom may not be readily available .
Medical care is good in the major cities , although very expensive , however it is limited in the remoter areas .
Comprehensive medical insurance is advised .
Safety and security should be of paramount concern to any visitor to the Philippines .
It is vital to be fully informed of threats and developments regarding crime , terrorism and kidnapping before and during a visit to the islands .
Vigilance is vital throughout the islands , particularly in Manila , as opportunistic crimes are motivated by circumstances of poverty .
Extremist groups have a history of kidnapping foreign tourists , and terrorist bombings have occurred in Manila and Mindanao , targeting transport and public places .
Recent explosions in Mindanao have killed and injured many people .
Security has been increased across southern Philippines , and many foreign governments have issued warnings against traveling to Mindanao .
Terrorist groups have also threatened to attack passenger ferries and other vessels , particularly those operating from Mindanao .
The threat of terrorism and kidnapping is greatest in central , southern and western Mindanao , Basilan , Tawi Tawi , Jolo and the Sulu archipelago ; the FCO , US Department of State and other governments advise against all travel to these areas , and care should also be taken in Palawan and at coastal resorts and tourist centers throughout .
There is a high incidence of piracy and armed robbery against ships in and around Philippine waters , and a risk of kidnappings at sea .
It is believed that terrorists are continuing with plans to kidnap foreigners from the islands and coastal areas in southern Philippines , putting all boats traveling to and from offshore islands in the Mindanao and the Sulu archipelago , as well as at dive sites at great risk .
Safety standards on ferries are low , and rescue services are not very comprehensive .
It is advisable to avoid travel off the beaten track , and to leave travel plans with friends , colleagues or relatives .
The area is prone to typhoons between July and November , when flooding and landslides can occur ; Typhoon Fengshen in June 2008 caused flash floods , landslides and rough seas that has lead to hundreds of deaths .
The Philippines has a tropical marine climate dominated by a rainy season and a dry season .
The summer monsoon brings heavy rains to most of the country from May to October , and the winter monsoon brings cooler and drier air from December to February .
Manila and most of the lowland areas are hot and dusty from March to May , when temperatures can rise to around 99 °F ( 37°C ) .
Average sea - level temperatures rarely drop below 80 °F ( 27°C ) .
Monsoons are possible between July and October .
The Philippines is considered a world - class diving destination .
The islands have one of the most productive marine ecosystems in the world , a wonderful diversity of more than 800 types of colorful corals , and a vast array of marine life that exists beneath its deep blue waters .
There are a number of dive sites throughout the islands that suit either beginners or expert divers .
The best known of these are Batangas , Boracay , Cebu , Mindoro and Palawan , most of which are within easy - reach from Manila .
ManilaThe oldest part of Manila is the medieval Spanish walled enclave of Intramuros on the southern bank of the Pasig River , packed with historic buildings and churches , many of which are being or have been restored .
The reconstruction of Intramuros has allowed for the inclusion of several parks and performing venues , art galleries , souvenir shops and restaurants , so that the area has become an attractive , entertaining and interesting tourist Mecca .
Fort Santiago , for example , was where political prisoners through the ages , from Spanish to Japaneseoccupation , were held , tortured and sometimes executed .
Today it is a lush park full of flowering trees and homing pigeons where visitors can take a ride along the promenade on a horse - drawn carriage .
Then , in the Barrio San Luis along Juan Luna Street there are five colonial residences that have been beautifully restored .
ManilaThe 58 - hectare ( 143 acre ) Rizal Park is named for Dr Jose Rizal , renowned Philippine anti-colonialist , writer and philosopher .
The park is one of the largest in South East Asia , and is a green lung much used by the residents of Manila for recreation and entertainment .
The park features numerous ornamental gardens , a chess plaza and a skating rink .
In a pond on the east side of the park the Philippines archipelago has been recreated in miniature .
There are also some museums and public buildings within the park , and after sunset a sound and light exhibit featuring the martyrdom of Dr Jose Rizal is to be seen .
On Sundays there is a free concert in an open - air auditorium .
Daily 7 am to 7 pmFreeManilaWithin Intramuros stands Manila 's oldest stone church , San Agustin , which was completed in 1606 and has since survived the ravages of time and successive invasions .
The church has a magnificent intricately carved door , Baroque pulpit , and an 18th century pipe organ .
A museum is housed in the Monastery alongside the church , which holds a collection of paintings of saints and other religious art .
The Sacristy houses a collection of richly embroidered vestments and Philippine notables are buried in the crypt .
Calles Gen Luna and Real ( 0 ) 2 527 4060
Daily 7 am to 7.30 am and 5 pm to 6 pm .
The museum is open daily 9am to 12 pm and 1 pm to 5 pmMuseum : P45 ManilaThe large and comprehensive National Museum of the Philippines preserves and showcases the cultural , historical and natural heritage of the islands with collections housed in two different buildings ( within Rizal Park ) .
Exhibits are categorised in five divisions : art , botany , zoology , geology and anthropology .
Among the many archaeological exhibits is the skull of ' Tabon Man ' ; the oldest human remains found in the archipelago .
The section devoted to the Filipino People includes the preserved remains and treasures of the San Diego Spanish galleon that sank in Philippine waters in 1600 .
Padre Burgos Street , Rizal Park ( 0 ) 2 527 1215nmuseum@i-next.net Tuesday to Sunday 9am to 5 pmFreeManilaThe name of this Palace , now the seat of government and official residence of the Philippines head of state , comes from the vernacular ' May Lakan Diyan ' , which means ' there lives a noble man ' .
This gracious villa has been a noble residence on the north bank of the Pasig River since the 18th century , when it was built for a Spanish aristocrat .
In 1825 the Spanish Government bought the property as a summer house for the Governor General , but it later became the permanent seat of the head of state .
There is now a museum housed in the palace that features mementos from each of the Philippine 's presidents , including the notorious Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos .
JP Laurel Street , San Miguel ( 0 ) 2 733 3721 Monday to Friday 9am to 3 pmManilaProviding a quiet spot to retreat from Manila 's rat race , the American Cemetery near the Makati commercial center is a welcome peaceful oasis , much visited by tourists , especially veterans of World War II .
The hillside cemetery contains thousands of white marble crosses marking rows of graves of those who died in battle .
The circular memorial contains the names of those missing in action engraved in marble columns ; huge wall mosaics depict battle scenes from WWII , and a small chapel is located here .
ManilaAlthough the village of Las Pinas , 12 miles ( 20 km ) from the center of Manila , has now been swallowed up in the suburban sprawl of the city , it has kept its character and is a favored stop on most tours of Luzon because of its famous bamboo organ .
The organ is housed in the San Jose Church , and has a very unique sound that draws international organists here every year in the second week of February for an Organ Festival .
Another attraction at Las Pinas is the Sarao Jeepney Factory , where visitors can watch these unique Filipino vehicles being assembled and learn how they came to be the favored form of transportation on the islands .
Half - hour bus journey from the city centerSan Jose : Monday to Saturday 9am to 4 pm .
The organ can be viewed Monday to Friday 8 am to 12 pmManilaThis small island , shaped like a tadpole , has become a memorial and open - air museum commemorating the World War II stand of Filipino and American troops against the Japanese invaders .
The island is the largest of several at the entrance to Manila Bay , laying off the tip of the Bataan Peninsula , about 26 miles from the city .
Its strategic position made it a prime candidate for the last stand against the Japanese in the Pacific War , and its three and a half square miles ( 9 sq km ) of dry land remains littered with the detritus of battle .
Guided tours of the island are available by arrangement with the Corregidor Visitor 's Information Center in Manila .
(0 ) 2 834 5048www.corregidorphilippines.comThere are ferry services from ManilaManilaTagaytay is one of the most visited tourist destinations in the Philippines , famous for the Taal Volcano .
The volcano is unique in that it sits on an island in a lake , and has another lake within its vast crater .
The views from the ridge on the access highway to the volcano are legendary and breathtaking .
Tagaytay itself provides plenty of recreation opportunities and good hotels and restaurants because it is the favored ' summer capital ' for Filipinos wishing to escape the capital during the unpleasant summer heat .
Other sights in Tagaytay are the ' Palace in the Sky ' , an unfinished complex originally meant to be a home for former president Marcos and now used as a viewpoint and park ; and the huge flower farm , abloom all year round , on a slope at Barngay Guinhawa.www.tagaytay.comBus from the center of Manila ( about 45 minutes ) ManilaThis fascinating region in northern Luzon is known for being largely untouched by Western civilization and gives a glimpse of the true Philippines .
In a string of villages around Banaue people live according to age - old tribal traditions .
The main attraction in the area is the Banaue Rice terraces , dubbed the ' eighth wonder of the world ' .
Constructed about 3,000 years ago the terraces start from the base of the Cordillero Mountains and extend upwards for thousands of feet , cleverly irrigated by channelled streams and springs .
The terraces bear testimony to the ingenuity of the ancient Ifugao people .
There are more terraces at Batad village , which also sports a waterfall and natural swimming pool , and at Sagada there are a series of ancient burial caves in the mountainside with the famous ' hanging coffins ' perched on limestone outcrops .
From Manila it is a 10 hour drive .
Take public utility buses saying Manila - Banaue , such as Auto Bus .
From Bagbag airport it is a two to three hour drive , with public buses or jeepsManilaSubic Bay is a unique project on the site of a former United States Naval base .
It was buried under ash after the eruption of Mt Pinatubo in 1991 and has since been transformed into a buzzing eco-tourism and commercial hub , only five minutes from the Philippines International airport and a two - hour drive northwest of Manila .
Most of the area , which is enclosed by a security fence , is covered in dense forests teeming with flora and fauna , including rare butterflies and bats .
There are also lovely unspoiled beaches to enjoy , exceptional scenery , forest trails , watersport activities , coral reefs and shipwrecks to explore , numerous sports facilities and duty - free shopping centers .
ManilaPuerto Galera on the island of Mindoro consists of several towns and beach resorts that have melded together on a protruding piece of land shaped like a whale 's tale , to form the Philippines ' fifth largest urban area .
The Spanish traders used the natural harbor created from the land formation as a refuge in the 16th century , hence the name , which means ' Port of Galleons ' .
Puerto Galera was declared a protected area in a UNESCO program back in the 1970s .
This put the area on the tourist map and helped with the resurgence of interest in its marine life and coral reefs , which had been suffering because of dynamite fishing .
Puerto Galera is now one of the most sought - after scuba diving locations in the world , and the island of Mindoro also offers some rewarding hiking trails .
There are more than 30 dive sites within 10 minutes of the three main beaches ; deep trenches and vibrantly colorful reefs characterize the waters , along with numerous wrecks , a shark cave and a true wall with a 164ft ( 50 m ) drop - off .
ManilaThe island of Palawan is an elongated stretch of thickly forested landscape bordered by coves , beaches , lagoons and limestone cliffs , stretching from southwest of Luzon towards Malaysia .
The island 's Tubbataha Reef is extremely ecologically important to the Philippines as a feeding ground and nursery for marine life , and the area is archaeologically important too .
Caveman remains have been discovered on the island dating back 22,000 years .
The main attraction on the island , however , is the underground river , St Paul 's Subterranean Cave near Sabang , about two hours by road from Puerto Princesa .
The cave extends more than five miles ( 8 km ) and contains the world 's longest underground river .
Palawan is still ' off the beaten track ' but it can be reached by a flight from Manila .
By air from Manila to the island 's airport at Puerto Princesa .
There are also regular ferry sailings to and from the capitalCebuThe oldest religious relic in the Philippines , an icon of the infant Jesus , is housed in the basilica , having miraculously survived fire and other catastrophes through the years since the image of Christ was first presented by Magellan to Queen Juana in 1521 .
The church itself was originally built in 1565 , but was rebuilt in 1602 after a fire .
CebuFort San Pedro , located at Cebu City 's wharf area , was the nucleus of the first Spanish settlement in the country .
It began as a single triangular bastion , built in 1565 , and was not completed for another 200 years .
Over the centuries the fort has been put to several uses , including a watch - tower to counter pirate attacks in the 1700s , a prison for local rebels during the Philippine revolution , a US army barracks , and during world war II a prison camp .
Today the fort has been turned into a museum - park , giving visitors to Cebu a glimpse of the island 's history .
Monday to Saturday from 8 am to 5 pmFreeCebuLocated in the Basak district , this private museum created by late lepidopterist , Professor Julian Jumalon , houses his unusual collection of mosaics , made up of butterfly wings .
The garden of Jumalon 's home continues to be a haven for thousands of butterflies , and the ' lepido mosaics ' are displayed in the salon.20 D Macopa Street , Basak ( 0 ) 32 91029
By appointmentCebuThe Casa Gorordo Museum was originally the home of the first Filipino Bishop of Cebu .
It is now restored and serves as a re-creation of a typical Filipino home of the late 19th century , furnished with religious relics , paintings , antique furniture and household items .
The museum also showcases some contemporary art exhibits .35 Lopez Jaena StreetMondays to Saturdays 9am to 12 pm and 2 pm to 6 pmP15 ( adults ) and P5 ( children ) CebuNumerous islets and beaches are connected to , or easily accessed from , the Cebu metropolitan area as day trips .
Mactan Island is linked to Cebu City by a bridge and is the site of hundreds of beach resorts , most of which offer full scuba services and watersports facilities .
Olango Island offers pristine white sandy beaches , while Kansatik , southeast of Olango , features an underwater mountain festooned with coral , sponges and colorful fish .
Olango is also a paradise for bird watchers .
A short drive north of Cebu City is Sagod , offering caves , beautiful beaches and some excellent dive spots .
Capitancillo Islet , a little further northeast of Sagod , sits at the center of a coral reef that extends for about two miles ( 3 km ) .
Calanggaman Islet , in the same area , features black coral and caves .
Gato Islet has lagoons , coral reefs and a sea - snake breeding ground .
On the south - western shore of Cebu Island is Moalboal , another world - renowned dive destination , and Badian Island nearby has more underwater attractions and a five - star beach resort .
Sun seekers also relish Argao , about two hours drive from Cebu City , where the beaches of Kawit , Mahawak and Mahayahay are picture - perfect .
CebuThe tiny butterfly - shaped island of Boracay in the western Visayas has been ' discovered ' by trendy international sun-lovers , and has become the Philippines ' most popular beach destination .
Thousands have sung the praises of the white , talcum - fine powder sand on a two - mile ( 4 km ) stretch of palm - studded beach that is said to glow at night , while the crystalline sea reflects the color of the unblemished blue sky .
Despite its popularity Boracay remains unspoilt , offering a range of about 350 hotels and guesthouses , nightlife , good restaurants and a huge array of water sports .
The island code is barefoot and informal , and the transitory holiday population come from all over the globe.www.boracayisland.orgFlight from Manila ( one hour ) or Cebu to Kalibo or CaticlanCebuThe island province of Bohol is one of the loveliest in the Visayas group and lies southeast of Cebu .
It has plenty to offer in the form of historical and natural attractions .
The world 's rarest seashells , like the Gloria Maris and the Golden Cowrie , can be found here , as well as the tarsier , the large - eyed insect - eating monkey which , fully grown , is smaller than a child 's fist .
Here too are the world - famous Chocolate Hills , a surreal series of 1,768 hills that resemble scoops of chocolate ice cream ; they were formed from the weathering of coral deposits formed when the land was submerged and can be viewed from an observation deck .
Historically Bohol labored under 302 years of Spanish rule after the local chieftain signed a ' blood contract ' and many buildings , particularly beautiful churches , remain as testimony to the period of colonial rule and the struggle to be free of domination .
www.bohol.phFerry or privately - run scheduled boat from Cebu City to Tagbilaran City , capital of Bohol Island ( about 90 minutes ) DavaoAbout seven miles ( 12 km ) from the Davao City center at Insular Village , Lanang , the Davao Museum is devoted to showcasing the various tribal cultures of the people of the region .
The main gallery is a repository of tribal art , local costumes , jewelry and handcrafts .
There is also a gallery of paintings , sculptures and ceramics , and a souvenir shop sells native crafts .
Tribal women can be seen at work at the nearby T'Boli Weaving Center weaving cloth from the fibers of the native abaca plant , featuring patterns that depict the folklore of the tribe .
Zonta Bldg , Insular Village Phase I , LanangMonday to Saturday from 9am to 5 pmDavaoDavao
City 's oldest church is named for the city 's patron saint .
Don Jose Uyanguren , known as the ' Spanish Conquistador of Davao ' , built it in 1847 during the Spanish colonial period .
The original altar , carved with images of saints , has been preserved and can be seen in the right wing of the cathedral .
Corner of San Pedro Street and CM Recto AvenueDavaoThe powerful , large Philippine eagle ( also known as the monkey - eating eagle ) is found only in the mountains of eastern Luzon in the north of the archipelago , and in the heavily forested area of Mindanao .
The breeding camp for these magnificent predators is sited at Malagos , in Calinan near Davao City .
Also at Malagos is an orchid farm , sanctuary of Philippine native orchids , which offers a restaurant and swimming pool as part of its facilities .
Philippine Eagle Foundation : ( 0)82 224 3021www.philippineeagle.orgBuses depart for Calinan every 15 minutes from the Annil Terminal located at corner Quirino and San Pedro Extension in Davao .
Bus fare is P30 .
From Calinan , take a pedicab to the PEC for P6 Daily 8 am to 5 pmP50 ( adults ) , P30 ( children ) .
The Davao City Water District also collects a fee on entrance of P5 for adults and P3 for kidsDavaoJust a short ferry ride south of Davao City , in the Davao Gulf , is the island of Samal , part of an archipelago of islets that offer a getaway from city life and some adventure activities .
The island offers fabulous sunrises and sunsets and a fascinating topography of rolling hills , white sandy beaches and dozens of caves , which are popular with spelunkers and hikers .
The coastline has the usual coconut palms , mangrove swamps and coral reefs , together with some little fishing villages , washed by clear , clean water : all the delights of a tropical island within a stone 's throw of the city .
DavaoThe region of south Cotabato in Mindanao , several hours ' journey from Davao City , is for those who are courageous enough to seek ' off the beaten track ' eco-adventures .
Lake Sebu , near the village of Suralla , is surrounded by rolling hills and forested mountains , home to the T'boli , a highland tribe famous for their colorful costumes , intricate beadwork , woven work and brass ornaments , as well as the Tasadays , a cave - dwelling people .
The area abounds with waterfalls , natural caves and springs .
DavaoThe tiny island of Camiguin , on the north coast of Mindanao , is renowned for the friendliness of its people , epitomised in its lively annual festival dedicated to the humble lanzones fruit , which is one of the island 's major sources of income .
Fruity and friendly this pear - shaped island certainly is , but it also has some other attractions to recommend it .
There are no less than seven volcanoes , some still active ; a multitude of hot springs ; stunning beaches and offshore islets ; and a spring that emanates natural soda water .
The island has 35 resorts and plenty of restaurants .
Mambajao is the capital , situated on the north coast .
Most popular pursuits on the island ( apart from enjoying the beaches ) include climbing Mount Hibok - Hibok , an active volcano that last erupted in 1951 leaving a death toll of 500 ; snorkeling through the sunken cemetery at the barrio of Bonbon ; reading gravestones that were submerged in a volcanic eruption in 1871 ; and taking a swim at Ardent Hot Springs , inland from Mambajao.www.camiguin.gov.phThere is regular sea and air transportation from Cebu
Women may orgasm on television before 11pm
Women may orgasm on television before 11 pm , or at least appear to do so , according to a ruling by the advertising watchdog .
The nice thing about time - travel story lines is you get to reuse footage .
Just ask Robert Zemeckis .
The second half of " Back to the Future Part II " is Marty McFly crawling through " Back to the Future . "
This time it was John Locke running across himself from the past in the future .
It was cool to watch Locke prep Richard to talk to … well … Locke , but it also supports a theory I ’ve been worried about most of this season :
What if Locke set himself up ?
OK , stay with me here .
How does Locke know he is supposed to be the leader of the Others ?
Richard told him .
But how did Richard know Locke was coming and would be their leader ?
Locke told him .
Back in the '50s .
Which , for Richard , was the first time meeting Locke .
How did Locke know that he needed to bring the Oceanic 6 back and die in the process ?
Richard told him .
But how did Richard know ?
We saw tonight that Locke also told Richard that .
Just before Richard came out of the woods and told Past Locke what he needed to do , Future Locke fed him his lines .
Time travel , right ?
Is n’t it fun ?
So what if Locke dying and the Oceanic 6 returning were n’t the plan of destiny / the island / Jacob / etc . ?
Tonight raised the question of whether it was actually all cooked up in that shiny , shaved noggin .
John Locke has always felt that his life was meant for something greater .
" Walkabout , " " Orientation , " " Lockdown , " " Further Instructions , " " The Man From Tallahassee , " " The Brig , " " Cabin Fever . "
They ’re all about Locke thinking he ( or his father ) is something greater than he is .
And how did every one of those turn out for Locke ?
At least he ’s consistent .
But " Follow the Leader " did give the one piece of evidence that this theory ca n’t be the case .
Locke coming back from the dead ?
No .
The compass .
Where did it come from ?
Richard has had it since the 1950s when he got it from John Locke , who got it from Richard in 2007 right before he traveled back in time .
That ’s a continual loop , but the compass could n’t have just spontaneously come into existence .
It had to come from somewhere .
And if it did just continually go back in time and then exist for 50 - some - odd years , would n’t it continue to age ?
It had to come from somewhere .
That ’s why Locke ca n’t be his own grandfather .
Wait .
What was I explaining again ?
If all those Lockes were n’t enough for you , there ’s another person acting very Locke-ish back in 1977 .
Jack picks up right where Faraday falls dead with the plot to change the past / present / future all at once .
Jack , once he figures out how to get a 12 - foot , 40,000 - pound hydrogen bomb out of the basement , plans to follow through on Corpsey McDirtnap ’s intention to detonate it at the Swan station and pressing the reset button on everything that has happened and basically erasing all the past - season DVDs I bought .
That ’s how it ’s going to be , you know .
If Jack succeeds , then all old episodes of " Lost " will change and become about an airplane landing and everyone inside going on with their normal lives .
It ’s a fact .
No one else seems to be going along for Jack ’s ride .
Hurley , Miles and Jin are heading to the hills with all the food Hurley can grab .
Though first they stop to confess to Dr. Chang about being from the future after they could n’t come up with the president in 1977 .
It ’s Carter , right ?
Damn , where ’s Wikipedia when you need it ?
Sawyer and Juliet buy their subway fare to the mainland with a hand - drawn map ( can you use those on Priceline ? ) .
I could n’t help but wonder if this crude doodle by lefty LaFleur becomes the basis for Radzinsky ’s blast door map .
Radzinsky ’s gonna end up spending a lot of time in the Swan station pushing a button , and the more they show of him , the better I feel about that .
He was a paranoid lunatic this week .
Jeez .
Not even Kate is willing to go blow some stuff up with Jack .
“ Since when did shooting kids and blowing up hydrogen bombs become OK ? ”
Since always !
Come on , Kate .
Where ’s your spirit of adventure ?
Where ’s that girl who went racing out into the jungle with Flight 815 ’s transmitter even though she saw the pilot ripped apart by the Smoke Monster ?
I know blowing up hydrogen bombs and shooting kids are far removed from where they were five seasons ago , but you gotta constantly be taking it to the next level .
Eventually , you ’ll be jumping out of an airplane in just shorts .
The only person who would follow Jack anymore is Sayid .
Though Sayid does admit that be it changing history or killing themselves he ’s good either way .
Makes sense that after three years plus of all this craziness , one of the survivors of Flight 815 is just ready to call it quits .
Sayid is half hoping to ride this bomb like Slim Pickens in " Dr. Strangelove . "
Though he could n’t go quietly .
He had to question why Jack trusts Eloise , and Jack explains that in 30 years she helps them get back to the island , which starts a whole new time loop I do n’t want to get into .
So we ’re heading into the season finale .
Everybody ’s traveling .
Locke , Sun , Ben , Richard and a group of Others are heading to Jacob , so Locke can kill him ( though part of me thinks Jacob does n’t exist ) .
Sawyer , Juliet and Kate are traveling back to the real world ( looking at the preview for next week , I guess they do n’t make it ) .
And Jack , Sayid , Eloise and Richard are traveling to Home Depot , I expect , shopping for tools to build a pulley system of some sort .
How are they gonna move big old Jughead ?
The real question is : Where are Rose , Bernard and Vincent ?
Come on .
I ’ll gladly give up any airtime used to show the Sawyer / Juliet / Kate love triangle to know where they are .
Hopefully , next week .
-- Andrew Hanson
Photo : ABC Studios
Since it was announced a few months ago , Alien vs. Predator has become one of my most eagerly awaited titles .
Speaking as a massive Xenomorph fan , this game is going to make me soak my panties .
To keep things moist , a batch of fresh details have been revealed in PSW , which we are now regurgitating like birds feeding their young .
The game will feature three - way combat between the Aliens , the Predators and the Marines , and the three factions will be balanced out with a rock / paper / scissors sensibility .
As well as multiplayer , there will also be a single player campaign for each of the three species .
The game is set thirty years after the events of Aliens , with the Xenomorph threat resurfacing on a brand new colonial planet .
" As the Colony continued digging for minerals they discovered ancient ruins that immediately caught the attention of Weyland Yutani , who began doing a more thorough sweep of the rest of the planet , " explains Rebellion co-founder Jason Kingsley .
" That was seven years ago , and recently the company found what they were looking for , but could n't contain it ... "
Kingsley compares this new effort to the studio's original AvP games , believing this will be a superior title .
With the original PC titles , he claims there were hardware limitations holding them back , but now Rebellion is free to do as it wishes .
The original games will lie at the heart of this one 's development , though .
Sounds hot and I cannot wait to see more from this .
I was n't going to say anything , but ...
This is it !
Enough !
I 'm tired .
Tired of having to hide .
Tired of having to worry about you invading my private life and stealing all I own , and all my family owns , in the name of your so called War On Drugs .
It 's time for this damn foolishness to end .
Right now ... TODAY !!
Over thirty years of scientific study , and still no credible evidence that cannabis is harmful .
Oh , I know what your thinking ...
" But , all of the drug training films they showed us at the academy said pot was really bad for America . "
Well , Kemosabe ...
You 've been lied to .
The lies have been told so often , and by so many , most people blindly accept the government propaganda as gospel .
Let me set you straight .
I know the negative image of the average cannabis user that the " media " puts out for Mr. and Mrs. Average American to swallow as the truth serves only to perpetuate the blind suppression of one of the most incredible medicinal resources known to man ...
But I 'll let you in on a little secret ...
There is no real ' stereotype ' you can affix to users of cannabis .
I know it makes it easier to do your job thinking that we 're all alike , but it is now time for you to face the facts , my misguided and underpaid friend .
Ready ?
My Grandpappy used to say that a mind is a lot like a parachute ...
Neither one works worth a damn unless they 're open ...
So set aside your prejudice for just a moment , and come with me ...
Let 's meet some of the people you may be forced to arrest when you blindly follow orders that make no sense .
Say hello to my friend Jon R. Officer .
Jon is the father of two little girls .
Jon has a grow room in his basement .
He grows a little cannabis because his wife is dying of cancer , and it gives her an appetite after her chemo sessions .
He smokes a little now and then to relieve his severe migraine headaches .
Jon 's never even had a parking ticket !!
He 's the vice - principal of a local high school , and is a part - time firefighter .
He lives in constant fear that someone will find out about his ' hobby ' .
As an informed , intelligent , reasoning man , Jon does n't understand why cannabis is not yet legal for med .
users .
Over here is Steve W. , Officer
You know what 's funny ??
Steve does n't smoke cannabis at all !
No ...really !!!
Everything he grows is sold for the cost of materials and labor to a private club that provides cannabis for people who are sick and in some cases , dying .
Why does he do it ?
He lost his wife two years ago to AIDs .
She got a transfusion that contained the virus when she was given blood after an auto accident .
Steve 's wife used to get her medicinal cannabis from the club ...
Until the old grower that had been providing the majority of their supply got arrested , lost his home , his cars , his money , and his freedom .
Steve stepped in after his wife died because he feels some sense of compassion for people he 'll never even meet .
Boy if you guys bust him ...
He sure has it coming !!
Say hi to Renee G. before she has to rush off to work .
She has a really big court case this morning , and she 's running late .
Well ... there she goes !
You 'd like Renee officer , she thinks you guys have one of the hardest , most thankless jobs out there .
She thinks that if you spent as much time and energy on solving murders and rapes as you do on the War On Drugs , her job would be much easier .
Oh , did I mention that Renee is a public defender ?
She grows a little cannabis to ease the pain from severe Arthritis .
At 34 , her hands look like they belong to her 79 yr. old grandmother .....
The cannabis makes it much more bearable on the days she can't even button her blouse .
The cannabis works far better than all of the ' legal ' drugs her doctor kept giving her .
I suppose I could introduce you to the rest of my good friends , but I know you want to get to the local Dunkin '
Donut before all the creme - filled doughnuts are gone .
I respect your busy schedule .
I 'll be brief ...
The rest of the evil , lazy , shiftless stoners I know include : a Dentist , one of your fellow Officers , ( bet you know a couple too ... ) a Nurse , a Restaurant Owner , a Rabbi , a Soccer Mom , a Small Business Owner , a Crane Operator , a Mailman , ( oops , I mean ' Postal Worker ' ) a Graphic Designer , and my youngest brother ( who suffers from a rare and deadly disease ; scleroderma . )
Well ...
There you have it my courageous crime - fighter ...
The whole mangy crew of lawbreakers .
We 've all had it with the War On Drugs .
Millions of lives ruined ...
And for what ??
If you really want a war on drugs ...
Why not start with the two drugs that kill more Americans than all other drugs COMBINED !!
Alcohol and Tobacco .
Look at the statistics ...
the numbers do n't lie .
Hey , I know you have to earn a living too , but now you know the truth .
The next cannabis grower or user you arrest may be one of my friends ...
So try and remember why you took that oath ...
Think back ... Remember ??
To Protect And Serve !
Remember ??!!
So ask yourselves ...
Who are you protecting or serving by jailing someone who has every moral , ethical , spiritual , and constitutional right to use an herbal alternative provided by our Creator to holistically treat their particular ailments ?
If our lying politicians will not end this insanity , then maybe , just maybe ...
If you stop arresting people for availing themselves of their real and inalienable right to decide what they put into their bodies , or grow in the privacy of their homes , you can follow the advice of my friend the lawyer and concentrate on real criminals .
I know you guys like to drop in here occasionally and see what we 're up to , so feel free to print up a copy of this and give it to a friend .
Break free from your strings , my little puppet , and use your time on the force to make a positive impact on our society by ignoring us cannabis growers and users .
Go arrest that meth dealer over at the junior high school ...
You 'll feel better about yourself .
Shoot that rapist in the nuts ...
Club that mugger , drown some sick pedophile ...
**** , throw a murderer from the top of a really tall building ...
Then go home and smoke a big , fat joint ...
You 'll sleep like a baby .
I promise .
Who am I ??
Nobody special ...
A husband and father , a little league coach , a deacon in my church , and someone who smokes a little pot to make life just a little bit more bearable on the days my pain makes me want to take hostages ...
Do n't you remember me ???
When you came to my door yesterday taking donations for the P.A.L. charity dinner , I bought four tickets .
When most people think about completely self - sustainable living , luxury is probably the last thing to come to mind , and if it does , it comes at a steep price .
There is a growing community , however , that has found a way break society ’s rules .
These people not only have their cake , but they ’re eating it for less than you ’d imagine .
For the cost of a normal two - bedroom home in suburbia , Earthship owners are enjoying the green life in a style usually reserved for science - fiction .
Environmentally Sound Living
An Earthship is no ordinary home .
Harking back to the early days of American frontiersmen , community - goers gather together to help the newcomer construct the newest member of the fleet in what they like to call a “ work party . ”
Earthships are a social endeavor , after all , in hopes of promoting greener living across the globe .
Each home is entirely self - sufficient , utilizing the Sun , wind , soil and ambient moisture to accomplish every task usually relegated local utility companies .
All necessary materials can either be found at the building site or purchased and shipped by Earthship Biotecture , a company formed to take up the mantle of original Earthship designer and pioneer Mike Reynolds .
Truly Unique Looks in Any Setting
Each Earthship is unique in its own way , as each is built by hand to the prospective owner ’s design .
They can range from spartan to lavish in their beauty and can be any size desired , depending on the wishes of its builders .
They are extremely resistant to temperature - change and the very same house is able to provide surprising comfort in either the hottest deserts or the coldest climates .
This is accomplished using a perfect mix of geothermal , ambient , wind , solar , and water in temperature control ; even the direction the house faces plays a crucial role .
Beauty is Not Always Skin Deep
While the exterior of these homes look as though they ’ve just come from the a movie set in outer - space , their interiors are surprisingly accommodating .
The interior of an Earthship , like its exterior , is entirely customizable and only the builder ’s imagination can limit its potential .
Multi-million dollar mansions often cannot rival them , and the cost to build one of your own , excluding the land purchased , can start as low as $ 50,000 .
That ’s less than most luxury cars .
The village of Schaumburg , Ill. , installed a camera at Woodfield Mall last November to film cars that were running red lights , then used the footage to issue citations .
Results were astonishing .
The town issued $ 1 million in fines in just three months .
But drivers caught by the unforgiving enforcement -- which mainly snared those who did n't come to a full stop before turning right on red -- exploded in anger .
Many vowed to stop shopping at the mall unless the camera was turned off .
The village stopped monitoring right turns ...
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- CIA interrogators used waterboarding at least 266 times on two top al Qaeda suspects , according to a Bush - era Justice Department memo released by the Obama administration .
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , seen in a December sketch , was waterboarded 183 times in a month , a memo says .
The controversial technique that simulates drowning -- and which President Obama calls torture -- was used at least 83 times in August 2002 on suspected al Qaeda leader Abu Zubaydah , according to the memo .
Interrogators also waterboarded Khalid Sheikh Mohammed 183 times in March 2003 .
Mohammed is believed to be the mastermind behind the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States .
Obama released the memo Thursday , saying that " exceptional circumstances surround these memos and require their release . "
Watch other tactics outlined in memos »
The memo , dated May 30 , 2005 , was from then - Deputy Assistant Attorney General Steven G. Bradbury to John Rizzo , who was acting general counsel for the CIA .
It paints a different picture from the one described by former CIA officer John Kiriakou .
In a December 2007 interview with CNN , Kiriakou said Zubaydah had been waterboarded for " about 30 seconds , 35 seconds " and agreed to cooperate with interrogators the following day .
In an interview on " Fox News Sunday , " Michael Hayden , who directed the CIA from 2006 to 2009 , was asked about the number of times Mohammed was waterboarded .
Hayden denounced the release of the memos and did not comment on the number , saying it was his understanding that the frequency of waterboarding was among the operational details that had not been declassified .
Watch one expert say tactics ' worse than Abu Ghraib ' »
The 2005 memo refers to a letter that had contained the numbers as well .
Part of the reference to the letter was redacted in the released memo .
Waterboarding is among the interrogation tactics that Obama has prohibited through an executive order .
The CIA also has admitted waterboarding Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , the first person charged in the United States for the 2000 attack on the USS Cole in Yemen that killed 17 U.S. sailors .
Obama said last week he felt comfortable releasing the classified memos because the Bush administration acknowledged using some of the practices associated with the memos , and the interrogation techniques were widely reported and have since been banned .
" Withholding these memos would only serve to deny facts that have been in the public domain for some time , " Obama said in a statement .
" This could contribute to an inaccurate accounting of the past , and fuel erroneous and inflammatory assumptions about actions taken by the United States . "
The president applauded the work of the U.S. intelligence community and said no one who " carried out their duties relying in good faith upon legal advice from the Department of Justice " would be prosecuted .
All About Abu Zubaydah • Khalid Shaikh Mohammed • Barack Obama • Central Intelligence Agency
I was recently asked about a device for saving energy costs at home – a device for power factor optimization .
I checked it out , and it indeed does have all the red flags for a juicy scam .
Techno Scams
One flavor of scam is to overwhelm a potential customer with technical information that sounds superficially impressive but which the customer is sure not to understand .
There may be a kernel of truth to the science , but it just takes one technical fatal flaw to doom an otherwise plausible scheme .
Examples include special audio cables that cost thousands of dollars , but do not produce any audible difference in sound quality .
A subset of these scams is to take a technology that actually has some advantage in specific industrial applications and then adapt them for residential or personal use , where they have not benefit .
An examples of this is filling tires with pure nitrogen – this has a small but real benefit for trucks and large vehicles , but not for your family car .
Sometimes part of the scam is to come into the home with some gizmo and then give an impressive - looking demonstration .
Home water filter salesmen are known for this .
Protect Yourself
There are some very useful rules of thumb to follow when someone is trying to sell you such a device .
Do not purchase of device if you do not understand the science behind it .
Do not let a slick salesmen dazzle you with technobabble .
If you do n’t understand the claims well enough to judge them for yourself , then consult an expert before making a purchase .
Listen to your common sense .
If a claim sounds too good to be true , that ’s because it probably is .
Adding a magnet to your fuel line is not going to increase the fuel efficiency of your car by 30 % .
You have to ask yourself – if such a claim were true , why is n’t everyone using such a device .
Why is n’t the government mandating that such devices are added to all cars .
Imagine if we could reduce the fuel use of our automobile fleet by 30 % .
Do n’t believe testimonials .
Testimonials are worthless , they can be invented , they can be given by people who have a stake in the company or the sale , or they could just be cherry picked and misleading .
Testimonials are used because people emotionally find them compelling , but they are worthless as evidence .
If a company has a link to testimonials , but not a link to published peer - reviewed scientific evidence , or to official government or industry information – then be wary .
But also – be wary of links to official government or industry information .
This may be legitimate , but ask yourself if the links actually support the claim or are just provided to give the impression of legitimacy .
One trick , for example , is for medical device marketers to claim that their device is listed with the FDA .
This makes consumers think that the claims made for the device are FDA approved , but this is not true .
Again – if you have dificulty sorting this out , consult an expert or a more knowledgable friend .
And of course – generic advice – do n’t let yourself get pressured into a quick sale .
Take the time to investigate .
Anyone who wants you to make a decision right then is scamming you .
Power Factor Optimization
Now back to power factor optimization – what is it ?
This falls under the category of something that is useful for industry , but not for residential use .
Companies selling this for the home , will typically impress their customers with a long , and generally accurate , description of the physics .
But they leave out the little detail that dooms their claims .
In short , these devices reduce reactive force – technically volt - ampere reactive power , or var .
There are two kinds of loads in an electric circuit : resistance and reactive .
Resistance is what does useful work – turning a motor or lighting a lightbulg .
Reactive load results from differences in the current and the voltage and essentially is wasted as heat .
Var devices claim that they balance the current and voltage ( using capacitors and other methods ) and therefore reduces reactive load , decreasing the amount of electricity that is wasted as heat , and thereby increasing efficiency .
This , therefore , will reduce your electric bills by reducing waste electricity .
But here ’s the kicker – electric companies measure and charge for only the resistance load , electricity that does work .
They do not care about the reactive load for residential homes because it is generally minimal .
They do measure the reactive load for industrial use , where certain pieces of equipment may have significant reactive load .
They charge a “ penalty ” for high reactive loads for industrial use – but not to residential customers .
Therefore the savings for a residential user should be minimal to nothing .
Some companies , like KVAR energy controller , appear to make devices that actually work , in that they may reduce reactive load .
They have to be installed by an electrician at the circuit breaker box – the point at which electricity enters the house .
The problem appears only to be the application to the home and the claims for electric bill savings , with only testimonials to support these claims .
Even the modest 10 % savings they are claiming would be huge if employed nationwide .
If it really worked I would think it would either be mandated , or supported by a tax refund or other incentive .
There may also be outright fraudulent products out there also .
I recently received this e-mail from an SGU listener :
Last year I was visiting my mom and she had an appointment with some people to come over and check her house because they could “ save her money ” on her electrical bill .
Of couse when they showed up I was immediatly asking for specifics about what they did .
They had all kinds of fancy words and equipment , but here is the jist .
The lady pluged a device with a small LCD screen into the wall sockett and said , “ Ooohhh … ” then told me that the current in the line was jumping up and down really bad .
She also threw in some “ wave ” and Diffrental ” words
She then pluged a capacitor into another plug on the same circuit and showed me her little LCD readout witch had droped to neer zero .
She told me that the capacitor would store all that wasted energy “ noise ” and smooth out the flow in the lines , then release it later .
Thus saving up to 30 % on your energy bill .
I was astounded , mostly that my mother and stepdad would let these people within 100 yards of their front door .
A device plugged into an outlet would not plausibly achieve power factor optimization , so this is a scam of a scam .
But we see here the typical ploy of doing the in - home demonstration combined with some technobabble and some impressive claims – 30 % , wow .
Conclusion
I had to spend some time investigating this one .
The basic concept of installing a device at the junction box to reduce wasted electricity sounds superficially reasonable .
There are advancements in effiiciency all the time as the technology evolves .
Home appliances and electrical circuits today are generally more effiicient than they were 50 years ago .
Just like cars today are much more fuel efficient than those of the past ( although in the US they are also bigger on average , offsetting some of the advantage in fuel efficiency ) .
Also – the back story of reactive vs resistive loads is all correct .
But still , the extraordinary claims and the marketing style set off my skeptical alarm bells .
The devil is in the details , and in this case power factor optimization seems to be useless for residential use , although legitimate for certain industrial applications .
I also acknowledge that I am not an electrical engineer , and some of the technical websites I consulted exceeded my basic knowledge in this area .
So if there are any electrical engineers out there – please add any needed detail or corrections to my summary .
But I followed my own advice – I consulted the experts , and my summary above is what they had to say .
Text size
" WILL CAPITALISM SURVIVE ? " was the question before the lunch table Wednesday .
" It has n't been tried , " I replied , " at least not since the McKinley administration and certainly not since 1914 , " when the Federal Reserve started operations in earnest .
In doing my conservative curmudgeon act , I probably came across as supercilious .
But my response also reflected my reaction to the smug contempt toward free - market philosophy in general and Ronald Reagan and his lesser successors in particular expressed elsewhere in the press of late .
The credit crisis and the ensuing global economic contraction have failed to make an impression on academe , where free - market orthodoxy still reigns supreme , the New York Times asserted in an article in arts section recently ( " Ivory Tower Unswayed by Crashing Economy , " March 4 . )
The problem , the Times asserts , is the current generation of academics have been brought up primarily in free - market orthodoxy exemplified by the so - called Chicago School , named for the University of Chicago , from where Milton Friedman and his fellow adherents spread their ideas .
Ignored was the work of John Maynard Keynes , the Times contends , whose ideas have been revived with the massive expansion of government intervention in reaction to the current crisis .
Also overlooked was Hyman Minsky , another 20th century economist who asserted that financial markets are inherently unstable and , in turn , can destabilize the real economy .
On the latter score , Minsky was indeed almost completely unknown by the current generation of economists .
When I wrote of the economy having a " Minsky Moment " as the credit crisis first erupted in 2007 , the name was met by a blank stare except from a few .
Now , Minsky is widely cited as having discerned the link between market crashes and the economy .
But to say that anyone who is a serious student of economics is not thoroughly familiar with Keynes ' ideas beggars credulity .
The standard construct of the economy used by virtually all forecasters , from the Federal Reserve on down , is basically Keynesian , with varying opinions about how the model works .
That none of them predicted the current crisis is telling , and indeed damning of the approach .
What definitely is ignored in academe is the Austrian school of economics , especially for baby boomers brought up on Samuelson 's economics text , which was pure Keynesian orthodoxy .
I did not learn the names von Mises and Hayek or their ideas until a decade or more after graduation ( with a degree in economics , by the way . )
The Austrian view is a mirror image on the right to Minsky 's from the left .
The economy , if left alone , is self - correcting , say the Austrians .
But central banks ' inflationary expansion of credit produces booms and malinvestments , which inevitably lead to a crashes and depressions .
The only prevention for boom and busts are sound money , which is impossible with government - controlled central banks .
Once the bust comes , the only cure is to let it run its course ; allow the malinvestments go bankrupt and let the market reallocate the capital to productive uses .
The most famous expression of that philosophy was the prescription of Treasury Secretary Andrew Mellon : " Liquidate labor , liquidate stocks , liquidate the farmers , liquidate real estate .
It will purge the rottenness out of the system . "
The result , according to the man of whom it was said three presidents served under him , the last being Herbert Hoover : " Values will be adjusted , and enterprising people will pick up from less competent people . "
The Austrian prescription , of course , was rejected first by the New Deal of Franklin D. Roosevelt , and now by massive response by both the purportedly conservative Bush administration and now the Obama administration .
First came the $ 700 billion TARP last year to stabilize the financial system , followed by the $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus enacted last month .
Across party lines , it 's accepted that government 's role is to prevent the economic pain that would come of " liquidate , liquidate , liquidate . "
But the Austrians were the ones who could see the seeds of collapse in the successive credit booms , aided and abetted by Fed policies , especially under former chairman Alan Greenspan .
While he disavows ( again ) the responsibility for the boom and bust , most recently on Wednesday 's Wall Street Journal Op - Ed page ( " Fed Policy Didn't Cause the Housing Bubble , " March 11 ) , monetary policy played a key role in creating successive bubbles and busts during his tenure from 1987 to 2006 .
Greenspan always contended that monetary policymakers can neither predict nor prevent bubbles in asset markets .
They can , however , clean up the after - effects of the bust -- which meant reflating a new bubble , he argued .
That had a profound effect on risk - taking .
Knowing that the Greenspan Fed would bail out the markets after any bust , they went from one excess to another .
So , the Long - Term Capital Management collapse in 1998 begat the easy credit that led to the dot - com bubble and bust , which in turn led to the extreme ease and the housing bubble .
Austrian economists assert the current crisis is the inevitable result of the Fed 's successive efforts to counter each previous bust .
As the credit expansion pumped up asset values to unsustainable levels , the eventual collapse would result in a contraction of credit as losses decimate banks ' balance sheets and render them unable to lend .
That sounds like an accurate diagnosis of the current problems .
In the meantime , both Western democracies and autocratic governments such as China are actively utilizing the ideas of both Keynes and Friedman alike in enacting massively expansionary fiscal and monetary policies to counter the crisis resulting from the severe contraction in credit .
If these policies are successful , perhaps governments will adhere to Austrian principles to prevent a new boom and bust .
That is for the next cycle , however .
To paraphrase St. Augustine , governments may be saying , " Make us non-interventionist , but not yet . "
Comments : randall.forsyth@barrons.com
Another New Caps Fan
Since a rule was recently passed that every news story about the Caps has to be of the feel - good and positive - publicity kind , meet Walter Scott Lovell .
He 's a 48 - year old native of Charlotte , and a long - time Lakers and Cowboys fan .
He never had any interest in the sport of hockey , nor in the Caps ; " believe that , I would have never told nobody I would have been a hockey fan , " he said today .
But this year 's Caps team converted him , and now he watches every home game at 7th and G , and many of the road games as well , wearing his Caps hoodie and one of his two Caps baseball hats while counting down the days ' til the playoffs begin .
Where the story gets a little different , I guess , is that Lovell is homeless .
Home games , he watches on the big screen attached to the outside of the Verizon Center .
Road games , he sneaks a peek at the TVs inside Legal Seafood a few blocks away .
Then he goes back to where he sleeps , near the D.C. waterfront .
So , how did this all happen ?
" I just watched it , that 's all I did , " Lovell told me .
" Brashear going at it with another guy , that 's what got me into it .
I 'm into that rush .
And hearing them bang up against that glass , that 's another rush , when you actually hear it . "
See , two different couples have given Lovell tickets to games , which he watched inside the building .
A third time , he was ushered up to the owner 's box , an experience he described as " off the chain . "
( Yes , the Caps confirmed that this actually happened . )
And as everyone knows , hockey live is even better than hockey on TV .
" That really did it , " he said , " the first game when they took me inside . "
Fans were just starting to appear for tonight 's game as Lovell gave me the brief version of his life story .
He said he was hit twice by two different cars in October of 1982 , and his right leg was amputated two months later .
He was homeless off and on before he arrived in D.C. for culinary school in 1989 , but the school closed before he could finish the program , and after he wound up homeless again he began drinking heavily .
A letter he e-mailed me describes years when he was in and out of jail , before he finally was caught distributing cocaine and spent nearly six years in prison .
A probation violation led to 21 more months , and when he finally got out in 2005 he said he had little remaining family and no place to go .
So he bounced from Northern Virginia to D.C. , stayed in several different temporary situations , rejected shelters because of vermin and drug use and began coming to the Chinatown area only recently , where he happened to see the Caps on the big screen .
" Right now , the biggest excitement I get is watching these games , " he told me .
" Believe this , if you were to sneak somewhere and watch me out here when the game 's going on , you would really think I was watching hockey for years . "
So now he has a Rock the Red cowbell that he rings after goals , and a Rock the Red towel .
He leads fans in post - game " C - A - P - S Caps Caps Caps ! " chants and tells visiting fans , " not in my house . "
He informs late - arriving ticket holders what 's happening , since the big screen only shows the score during breaks in the action , and gets monthly schedules from the ticket office .
One couple he 's met regularly brings him game previews so he can have a roster while he watches ( plus information on the opposing coach and GM ) , and he just got a new poncho so he can stay dry while watching Caps games this month .
When his prosthetic leg gets replaced within the next few weeks , he hopes to land a job hand washing and detailing the cars of team members , and , as he told Ted Leonsis , he 's trying to get a Mike Green jersey .
" See , there 's too many No. 8s walking around , " he told me .
" Green 's my man ; Ovechkin 's everyone else 's man .
There 's something else about [ Green ] , I can't explain it .
I like the whole team , but Mike Green 's my man .
I 'm an odd man , I do n't like who everyone else likes . "
Before I left , as bus drivers waved to Lovell and Verizon Center employees came over to say hello , I asked Lovell whether he was looking forward to the playoffs .
" We 're going to get the Stanley Cup , no doubt , " he said .
" That 's the way they play .
I 'll be here rooting on the Caps all the way to the Stanley Cup , there 's no doubt in my mind .
I 'm sure of that . "
— A week after eight people were shot to death in a Carthage nursing home , residents are still trying to come to terms with the tragedy .
The rampage began around 10 a.m. Sunday , March 29 , when police say Robert Kenneth Stewart , 45 , barged into the Pinelake Health and Rehab and fatally shot seven patients and a nurse and wounded three others .
The massacre ended when Carthage Police Officer Justin Garner traded gunfire with Stewart , wounding the suspect .
“ It 's been a week of sadness .
I find myself reading the various articles in the newspaper and actually crying , ” Carthage resident Catherine Graham said .
Pinelake residents Tessie Garner , 75 ; Lillian Dunn , 89 ; Jesse Musser , 88 ; Bessie Hedrick , 78 ; John Goldston , 78 ; Margaret Johnson , 89 ; and Louise De Kler , 98 ; and nurse Jerry Avant , 39 , died in the shootings .
Pastor Daryl Harris , with Endtime Harvest Church , was one of the chaplains at FirstHealth Moore Regional Hospital , in nearby Pinehurst , where many of shooting victims were taken .
“ It 's a wound that 's not going to heal overnight .
It 's going to take time .
It 's going to take prayer .
It 's going to take people coming together and strengthening one another , ” Harris said .
Rev. Tom Herndon , with First Baptist Church of Carthage , recalled the sermon he was preaching when he first heard about the shootings .
" The sermon title was the Beginning of Hostilities .
Who would have ever thought we'd be having hostilities right here in our own town , ” Herndon said .
Stewart was being held at Central Prison in Raleigh on eight counts of first - degree murder and a charge of felony assault on a law enforcement officer .
“ All of us will remember this .
It 's something that you wo n't ever forget , ” Graham said .
The Sandhills Center for Mental Health put together a five - part series on grief for people affected by the shooting .
Meetings will be held every Thursday in April from 6:30 p.m. to 8 p.m. at First Baptist Church , 108 McNeill St. in Carthage .
The North Carolina Health Care Facilities Association has also established a fund to benefit family members of the people killed .
Contributions can be made at any branch of Capital Bank or sent payable to Carthage Crisis Assistance Fund , North Carolina Health Car Facilities Association , 5109 Bur Oak Circle , Raleigh , N.C. 27612 .
STOCKHOLM ( Reuters ) - Sweden ’s Pirate Party , which wants to reform copyright law , could ride a wave of discontent over tighter control of computer file - sharing all the way into the European Parliament in June .
The jail sentences handed out last month to the four Swedish men behind The Pirate Bay , one of the world ’s biggest free file - sharing Web sites , have given a boost to the namesake party among young voters in Sweden , a recent opinion poll showed .
“ It is definitely something that has put the spotlight on our issues , ” Christian Engstrom , the party ’s top candidate for the European Parliament , told Reuters .
“ And it has demonstrated why it is so important , because the legal machine , if it ’s allowed to continue , is going to crush the Internet , starting with the Pirate Bay and then continuing on to other enterprises . ”
A DN / Synovate poll ahead of the Europe - wide vote in June showed the party , which is not linked to the Web site though some of its views coincide with those voiced by the Pirate Bay defendants , winning 5.1 percent of the Swedish vote .
That would be enough to secure the party , which wants to deregulate copyright , abolish the patent system and a decrease the level of surveillance of the Internet , a seat in the European parliament .
The party was founded in 2006 and won only 0.6 percent of the vote in the Swedish general elections that year .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
The leader of the Pirate Party , Rick Falkvinge , believes that new Swedish laws , that for instance allow copyright holders to track down the IP - numbers of suspected file - sharers , are the main reason for the sudden popularity .
“ We ’re seeing a shockwave of new repressive legislation that is seriously jeopardizing the core of our civil liberties , ” he said .
“ People are starting to wake up to that fact . ”
What will decide the outcome for the party is simply the question of whether its sympathizers will turn up to vote in the election that is usually plagued by low voter turn - out .
Torbjorn Larsson , associate professor of political science at Stockholm University , said there was a risk some of the Pirate Party supporters wo n’t show up .
“ Young people have a tendency not to vote .
But if this issue stays on the agenda up to election day , it will make a big difference , ” he said .
Statement Made Upon the Filing of Complaints Seeking Disbarment of Bush - Cheney ’s Cadre of Torture Lawyers
My name is Kevin Zeese , I am an attorney licensed to practice law in Washington , DC and before the U.S. Supreme Court .
I serve as the executive director of VotersForPeace .US and on the board of Velvet Revolution .
Today , we filed complaints with the District of Columbia Bar and with four other states seeking the disbarment of 12 Bush - Cheney torture lawyers .
These lawyers misused their license to practice law to provide legal cover for the war crime of torture .
This misuse of their license requires the bar association to disbar them or the bar will become complicit in torture .
Complaints have been filed against : John Yoo , Judge Jay Bybee , and Stephen Bradbury who authored the torture memoranda .
As well as attorneys who advised , counseled , consulted and supported those memoranda including Alberto Gonzales , John Ashcroft , Michael Chertoff , Alice Fisher , William Haynes II , Douglas Feith , Michael Mukasey , Timothy Flanigan , and David Addington .
These detailed complaints , with over 500 pages of supporting exhibits , have been filed with the state bars in the District of Columbia , New York , California , Texas and Pennsylvania , and they seek disciplinary action and disbarment .
Copies of the complaints and exhibits are available on - line at DisbarTortureLawyers.com and VotersForPeace.us .
This cadre of torture lawyers colluded to facilitate the abuse and torture of prisoners ( detainee ) that included , evidence suggests , deaths at overseas U.S. military facilities .
Human Rights
Watch reports 98 deaths of people in custody of the United States in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Making torture even worse in this case is that it was used to try and get information to tie Saddam Hussein to al Qaeda – a relationship that did not exist – as well as information about non-existent weapons of mass destruction in order to justify the illegal invasion and occupation of Iraq .
We have asked the respective state bars to revoke the licenses of these attorneys for moral turpitude .
They failed to show “ respect for and obedience to the law , and respect for the rights of others , ” and intentionally or recklessly failed to act competently , all in violation of legal Rules of Professional Conduct .
Several attorneys failed to adequately supervise the work of subordinate attorneys and forwarded shoddy legal memoranda regarding the definition of torture to the White House and Department of Defense .
These lawyers further acted incompetently by advising superiors to approve interrogation techniques that were in violation of U.S. and international law .
They failed to support or uphold the U.S. Constitution , and the laws of the United States , and to maintain the respect due to the courts of justice and judicial officers , all in violation state bar rules .
Torture is illegal under United States and international law .
It is illegal under the U.S. Constitution , domestic law and international treaties to which the United States is a party .
This includes :
1. The United Nations Convention Against Torture ( UNCAT ) , Articles 1 , 2 , 3 and 16 ( ratified in October 1994 ) .
Article 2 ( 2 ) of the Convention states that :
“ No exceptional circumstances whatsoever , whether a state of war or a threat of war , internal political instability or any other public emergency , may be invoked as a justification of torture . ”
2. The Geneva Conventions , Article 3 , ( ratified in August 1955 ) .
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld , 548 U.S. 557 ( 2006 ) , held that the Geneva Conventions are applicable to accused members of al - Qaeda .
Thus , due process protections apply to all detainees in U.S. custody , including those in military prisons .
3 . The Eighth Amendment against “ cruel and unusual punishment . ”
4. The United States Criminal Code , Title 18 , Prohibitions Against Torture ( 18 USC 2340A ) and War Crimes ( 18 USC 2441 ) .
Torture is a clearly defined term under international and U.S. law .
The Convention Against Torture defines torture as any act by which : “ severe pain or suffering , whether physical or mental ; is intentionally inflicted on a person … ”
The torture memoranda did not provide objective legal advice to government decision - makers , but instead twisted the state of the law so that it was unrecognizable .
They were so inaccurate that these memoranda are more justifications about what the authors and the intended recipients wanted the law to be , rather than assessments of what the law actually is .
These laws provide no exception for torture under any circumstances .
Moreover , the United States Criminal Code prohibits both torture and war crimes , the latter which includes torture .
The Army Field Manual prohibits the use of degrading treatment of detainees .
The individually tailored complaints allege that the named attorneys violated the rules of professional responsibility by advocating torture .
We decided to take action today because the federal government seems unable and unwilling to act .
The Department of Justice ’s Office of Professional Responsibility has taken nearly five years to complete its report , as some of the memoranda at issue became public in June 2004 .
Further , this OPR investigation is focused only on two lawyers , John Yoo and Jay Bybee rather than all those involved .
This inexcusable delay is unfair to the public because the consequences of any wrongdoing are diminished .
The delay has already benefited the two men under investigation , John Yoo now has tenure at Berkeley law school and Jay Bybee now has a lifetime appointment as a federal court of appeals judge .
If OPR had completed its duties in a timely manner it is unlikely that either appointment would have been made .
In addition to inaction by OPR , the Congress where select Members were briefed 40 times by the CIA , seems unable to take action because of fear of its own complicity being exposed .
And , Attorney General Eric Holder , has now testified that he approved renditions – which results in prisoners being tortured by other countries at the behest of the United States – during the Clinton administration .
And , sadly , the President of the United States has now decided to hide evidence of war crimes by refusing to release photographic and video evidence despite a court order to do so .
Finally , the administration is appointing General McChrystal to be the head of operations in Afghanistan despite being responsible for commanding Fort Nama in Iraq as well as special forces involved in torture :
An interrogator at Camp Nama described locking prisoners in shipping containers for 24 hours at a time in extreme heat ; exposing them to extreme cold with periodic soaking in cold water ; bombardment with bright lights and loud music ; sleep deprivation ; and severe beatings .
When he and other interrogators went to the colonel in charge and expressed concern that this kind of treatment was not legal , and that they might be investigated by the military ’s Criminal Investigation Division or the International Committee of the Red Cross , the colonel told them he had ‘ this directly from General McChrystal and the Pentagon that there ’s no way that the Red Cross could get in . ’
The unit ’s slogan , which set the tone for its practices , was “ If you do n’t make them bleed , they ca n’t prosecute for it . ”
Reportedly prisoners died in the custody of troops in General McChrystal ’s command and five officers were convicted of prisoner abuse .
Therefore , the people must act to face up to this issue and restore morality and Rule of Law to the United States .
In addition to filing these complaints we are starting a campaign for disbarment , public torture hearings and for the appointment of an Independent Prosecutor .
People who want to get involved are urged to go to DisbarTortureLawyers.com and VotersForPeace.us .
Only by taking torture out of politics and allowing an independent prosecutor to pursue the facts and apply the law will the United States recover from these war crimes .
Application of the rule of law , beginning with disbarment , is a necessary part of the process of healing the nation .
Exclusive to STR
Before answering that question , it seems profitable to delineate all of the various reasons or motivations anyone -- not just voluntaryists -- might find to own firearms .
I 'll start with the more trivial , and work my way down to the serious :
1. ) Target and Sport Shooting : Like many recreational activities , this can also improve manual and mental dexterity .
Sport shooting is a competitive event in the Olympic Games .
2. ) Hunting :
While fun for sportsmen , hunting can also be necessary for survival -- whether in a time of disaster , or in remote areas .
3. ) Self - Defense :
This means defense of one 's own life and limb , and one 's own property , against aggression perpetrated by private criminals ( i.e. , a would - be government ) .
4. ) Mutual Defense :
This contemplates any scenario in which individual self - defense proves insufficient to adequately protect life , property , and liberty -- such as an incursion by a foreign government , or the imposition of martial law by a domestic one .
A primary reason why the Japanese never attempted an invasion of America during World War II was the widespread civilian ownership of firearms .
Now how does all of this add up with respect to voluntaryists ?
Well , to begin , voluntaryists may enjoy target shooting or hunting as well as anyone else -- or may find the latter necessary -- which is to say that it 's always nice when voluntaryists can eat .
Further , along with everyone else , voluntaryists possess the inherent right to self - defense , whether individually or collectively ( this does not preclude the possibility of a voluntaryist being a pacifist ; rather , it only means that voluntaryists , being true to libertarianism , recognize each individual 's right to defend life and property , even should they choose not to do so themselves ) .
This leaves only the subject of violent revolution or insurrection unresolved .
Here is a definition of voluntaryism as good as anything I could ever reiterate , quoted directly from www.voluntaryist.com:
Statement of Purpose : Voluntaryists are advocates of non-political , non-violent strategies to achieve a free society .
We reject electoral politics , in theory and in practice , as incompatible with libertarian principles .
Governments must cloak their actions in an aura of moral legitimacy in order to sustain their power , and political methods invariably strengthen that legitimacy .
Voluntaryists seek instead to delegitimize the State through education , and we advocate withdrawal of the cooperation and tacit consent on which State power ultimately depends .
Note that voluntaryism focuses on non-violence and education , not force of arms .
Thus this is the area , above all of the others , where we should examine gun ownership by voluntaryists .
To clarify , the nexus of my original inquiry was not to call into question ownership or use of firearms in any of the aforementioned capacities ' these , after all , are reasons anyone from almost anywhere in the philosophical spectrum might choose to own guns .
My purpose is to probe deeper into the possible motivations for such ownership as strictly related to voluntaryism .
That having been defined , does it then follow that firearms have no role whatsoever in the philosophical or anti-political goals of voluntaryists ?
Answer :
Yes and no .
Let 's imagine for a moment a group of everyday people living in present - day North Korea -- the absolute barrel - scraper in terms of any measure of individual liberty .
Let 's further suppose that these folks have clandestine access to some guns and ammunition , and desperately want to improve their conditions through political change .
The current state of North Korean society is such that the mildest whispers of verbal protest or malcontent will spell one 's execution and the incarceration of one 's entire family in one or any number of the horrific concentration camps that dot the North Korean landscape - - a fate nearly as good as a death sentence .
Thus , what choice is there for these persecuted folk ?
Any non-violent means of dissent will be met with the same response as a violent one , and may not even be as effective .
In short , even as a voluntaryist , I have no problem with employing violence under such circumstances .
North Korea is , after all , the proverbial " doomsday " scenario .
Anyone seeking freedom has only the choice of fleeing ( leaving the question of Where To? ) at equal risk of death , or standing and resisting violently .
The options of free speech , peaceful dissent , and education are simply not available .
So consider , that for voluntaryists , the ownership of guns is a kind of peaceful insurance policy -- indeed , a " doomsday " contingent plan so as to discourage in the first place , and subsequently resist if necessary -- the imposition of conditions such as exist in North Korea .
Voluntaryists ( anarchists , libertarians ) should always seek a peaceful path to liberty .
We must also ensure that the fundamental conditions exist , within which to do so .
Me : “ Thank you for calling [ Home Improvement Store ] .
This is [ My Name ] speaking .
How can I help you ? ”
Customer : “ Yes , hi .
I was just wondering how much your Mexicans are ? ”
Me : “ I ’m sorry ? ”
Customer : “ Your Mexicans .
The ones you have outside in the parking lot .
I need some work done on my roof and I wanted to come pick up a couple . ”
Me : “ Ma’am … first of all , they are called day laborers .
Secondly , they do n’t belong to us .
They do n’t belong to anyone , actually ; they are people .
Third , our city prohibits soliciting work in a shopping center , so we actually do n’t have any workers in the parking lot .
If you need work done – ”
Customer : “ Never mind , I ’ll just shop somewhere else ! ” * hangs up *
This could be the TV of the future Adobe has secured a deal to put its
Flash software into many of the chips that go inside TVs and set - top boxes .
It will enable developers and content providers to create applications to deliver web - based content such as news , weather and share prices to TV screens .
Flash will be included on most chips - those made by Broadcom , Intel , NXP and STMicroelectronics - but the deal does not cover TVs made by Sony and Samsung .
The first applications using Flash are expected to hit TV sets early in 2010 .
Sony and Samsung already have a number of connected TVs on the market , but they are using Yahoo's rich media platform of widgets instead of Flash .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement More than 420 million TVs , set - top boxes , and media players are expected to ship globally in the next three years and increasingly they are capable of being connected to the net .
Adobe hopes it can get Flash inside many of those devices to create a new generation of connected entertainment services , including streaming video in high definition , and applications that can run in real time alongside video broadcasts , such as interactive news tickers , sport scores , quizzes and the weather .
It could also mean TVs being used for many of the tasks now given over to a computer or laptop , such as using a search engine , online maps , and consuming all manner of digital content .
Adobe has signed up video delivery service Netflix , Disney and the New York Times to make the first batch of applications .
Change is coming to TV and we will see more and more content get used
Flash director of technology strategy for Flash , Anup Murarka
The appeal for content makers and developers is the emergence of a single standard for rich media , which will let them create applications that run on many devices .
" Change is coming to TV and we will see more and more content get used and taken to TV , " said Anup Murarka , director of technology strategy for Flash .
Flash is installed on about 98 % of PCs and almost 80 % of all online video is delivered using Flash , according to Adobe .
It powers services such as YouTube , the BBC iPlayer and a new generation of video games inside the browser , such as Quake Live .
Microsoft has been pushing its own rival platform Silverlight , but it has had limited traction with developers and hardware manufacturers .
The company says its second version of Silverlight has been installed on 300 million machines since it became available six months ago .
But analysts think Silverlight is unlikely to challenge Flash across PCs , mobiles and TV screens in the near future .
Flash is the engine behind YouTube and BBC iPlayer video Microsoft does have the Xbox 360 in the hands of at least 28 million gamers and the machine could be used to drive take - up of Silverlight in the home .
It also has a few deals with the makers of set - top boxes to power the software that runs TV guides and on - demand services over the internet and this too could be a way to spread Silverlight usage .
Flash Platform Business
Unit general manager and vice president David Wadhwani said he still hoped to see Flash on the Xbox 360 , as it is already running on the PlayStation 3 and Nintendo Wii .
" I do n't think it is beyond the realm of reason that we will see Flash on the Xbox .
" It would add clear value to their platform .
But the decision is still theirs to make . "
Adobe is aiming to become the global standard for all rich media in the " three screen " world - PC , TV , and mobile .
Up to 40 % of all mobile devices shipped in 2008 are expected to carry Flash Lite .
However , the big omission remains Apple 's iPhone .
" We continue to work with Apple to bring Flash to the iPhone , " said Mr Wadhwani .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Click map for full view .
Taliban presence , by district and tribal agency , in the Northwest Frontier Province , Punjab , and the Federally Administered Tribal Agencies .
Information on Taliban presence obtained from open source and derived by The Long War Journal based on the presence of Taliban shadow governments , levels of fighting , and reports from the region .
Map created by Bill Raymond for The Long War Journal .
Last updated : April 24 , 2009 .
The Taliban scored the first major victory in the nascent battle of Buner after Taliban fighters captured 70 Frontier Constabulary and policemen .
Eighteen of the officers were later released .
The Army is claiming that 50 Taliban fighters and one security officer were killed during the first day of fighting in Buner .
Fifty - three Frontier Constabulary officers and 17 policemen were captured after the Taliban surrounded their police station in the town of Pir Baba , the home of a shrine of a revered Sufi saint , Dawn reported .
Among those captured was the police chief .
The Taliban took control of the town after capturing the police station and the security officials .
About 250 officers from the Frontier Constabulary , a poorly armed and trained paramilitary police force , were turned back by the Taliban a few days ago after attempting to secure government installations .
One officer was killed in the clash with the Taliban .
The Taliban have taken regular Army and paramilitary forces captive during numerous engagements over the past several years in Pakistan ’s insurgency - infested northwest .
The Taliban often trade the captive security personnel for imprisoned Taliban fighters .
But just as often the Taliban murder , mutilate , and behead their prisoners in an effort to demoralize and frighten Pakistani security personnel .
Army preparing to deploy
The military launched the operation in Buner on April 28 after attacking the Taliban in the district of Dir over the weekend .
The Taliban took military control of Buner with minimal opposition on April 12 after more than 500 fighters under the command of al Qaeda leader Ibn Amin entered the district just eight days earlier .
Buner is just 60 miles from Islamabad and borders the districts of Swabi and Haripur , which border Islamabad and Rawalpindi .
The military has dismissed claims that the Taliban are threatening the capital of Islamabad .
“ Distance is not the only component to measure the level of threat ” to Islamabad , military spokesman Major General Anthar Abbas said to the media .
“ Counter - capacity has to be kept in mind . ”
But the regional government in Islamabad deemed the threat great enough to deploy paramilitary Ranger units to the hills outside Islamabad to prevent a potential Taliban advance .
The military claimed the Buner operation was kicked off after it intercepted a phone call between Swat Taliban leader Mullah Fazlullah and his military commanders .
Fazlullah reportedly told his commanders to deceive the government about withdrawing from Buner and ordered them to take control of the district .
Last week the Taliban claimed it pulled all of its forces , estimated at between 400 to 500 fighters , from Buner back to Swat .
But the Taliban fighters never left Buner .
The Taliban has been in full control of the district since April 12 , despite government claims that the Taliban controls only a small percentage of the district .
The Army is preparing to deploy two full brigades of regular troops to fight the Taliban in Buner , according to a report by Dilawar Jan , a correspondent for The News .
Jan ’s report is unconfirmed ; however , it has struck a nerve with the Army , which has detained him and is demanding he reveal his sources .
During past operations , the Army has shied away from deploying regular units out of fear of causing a rebellion within the ranks among the Taliban sympathizers .
Click map for full view .
Taliban presence , in the Islamabad region .
Information on Taliban presence obtained from open source and derived by The Long War Journal based on the presence of Taliban shadow governments , levels of fighting , and reports from the region .
Map created by Bill Raymond for The Long War Journal .
Last updated : April 24 , 2009 .
The Army deployment is designed to “ defeat the militants and secure control of the area to block their possible advances to other areas , particularly Hazara , ” according to Jan ’s report in The News .
The Hazara Division is made up of the districts of Abbottabad , Battagram , Haripur , Kohistan and Mansehra , and hosts the Karakoram highway , a strategic road that links Pakistan to China .
The Taliban have begun to move forces into Haripur and Mansehra .
The majority of the operations in Buner appear to be oriented to the south and west in regions where Buner borders the districts of Swat , Mardan , and Malakand .
The Pakistani Army has relied on artillery and air strikes to target Taliban positions in Buner .
The Taliban are said to have built bunkers and fortifications in some towns and in camps in the mountains .
The military claimed 50 Taliban fighters and one soldier have been killed during the fighting in Buner .
Taliban dispute military claims in Dir
The military is claiming that the Dir operation , which began on April 26 , has been a success and that the district is secure .
The military claimed that 70 Taliban fighters and a commander named Maulvi Shahid , and ten security personnel were killed during the fighting .
But a Taliban commander known as Hafeezullah claimed that Shahid was n’t killed in the attack and only four Taliban fighters have been killed in the fighting , Dawn reported .
Hafeezullah claimed that Shahid would appear before the media .
The Pakistani military often claims senior Taliban and al Qaeda leaders are killed during their operations , but the claims are almost always false .
Hafeezullah , who is thought to be an Afghan named Maulana Amir Khitab , is the Taliban commander in the district of Dir .
His forces captured eight employees of the National Logistics Cell , while he threatened to attack the homes of local politicians if the military operation in Dir is not halted by April 29 .
For more information on Buner and operations in the region , see :
• Pakistan launches operation against the Taliban in Buner
April 28 , 2009
• Pakistan touts success of Dir operation
April 27 , 2009
• Rangers
deployed to secure Islamabad outskirts
April 24 , 2009
• Taliban advance eastward , threaten Islamabad
April 23 , 2009
• Taliban flex muscles in Malakand Division
April 22 , 2009
• Taliban moving on Mardan
April 17 , 2009
• Taliban move on Buner despite promise to withdraw
April 10 , 2009
• Taliban advance on Buner
April 7 , 2009
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
Well , that was fast .
Texas Board of Education creationist Barbara Cargill today proposed an amendment to the science standards saying that teachers have to tell their students there are different estimates for the age of the Universe .
This is not even a veiled attempt to attack the Big Bang model of the Universe , which clearly , and through multiple lines of evidence , indicates the Universe is 13.7 +/- 0.12 billion years old .
So Ms. Cargill is right , if she means that " different estimates " range from 13.58 to 13.82 ( given one standard deviation ) billion years old .
But she does n't mean that at all , does she ?
If you read her website , you 'll see she 's an out - and - out creationist .
She has a large number of , um , factual errors on her site that are clearly right out of the Creationist Obscurational Handbook .
Anyway , her antiscience amendment passed 11 - 3 .
So tomorrow that will go to the final vote on whether it will be added to the standards or not .
With such a majority voting to pass it along , it looks like it will pass , and Texas students will get their chance to learn that the Universe is 6000 years old , and when they try to get a job or do anything later in life , they will be routinely laughed at .
That 's great , Texas !
Keep on keepin ' on .
So I rescind my earlier post , and tentatively ( until the final vote tomorrow ) submit :
We 're hearing some pretty amazing statistics about Twitter these days : growth from February 2008 to February 2009 was reportedly 1382 % , with the incline increasing yet further in recent months .
But like many social networks , it seems many people lose steam with the service .
Stat tracking firm Nielsen reports today that a full 60 % of users who sign up fail to return the following month .
And in the 12 months " pre-Oprah " , retention rates were even lower : only 30 % returned the next month .
That 's good news , to some degree : retention rates have increased over time .
But how does Twitter 's retention rate compare to Facebook and MySpace in the early days ?
Not well , says Nielsen :
Compare it to the two heavily - touted behemoths of social networking when they were just starting out ... we found that even when Facebook and MySpace were emerging networks like Twitter is now , their retention rates were twice as high .
When they went through their explosive growth phases , that retention only went up , and both sit at nearly 70 percent today .
The question is , how can Twitter make sure that users stick around for the long haul ?
What is it about Facebook and MySpace that make them so appealing ?
Could it be , possibly , that finding friends on Twitter remains harder than doing so on other social networks ?
UPDATE : As discussed in the comments , Nielsen is only able to measure return visits to Twitter.com : how many people set up a desktop application like TweetDeck and continue to Tweet , but never return to Twitter.com ?
Nuremberg , Germany , November 1945 : The Nuremberg trials were underway .
In a legal proceeding unprecedented in human history , the victorious Allied powers were prosecuting 21 Nazi defendants for their respective parts in the horrors inflicted on the world by Adolf Hitler 's Germany over the previous 12 years .
Fittingly , given the unprecedented scope of the atrocities , the prosecution was seeking to prove the Nazis guilty of a new crime in international law : the waging of aggressive war , a war perpetrated against people and nations that posed no threat to Germany .
Never before in history had such an ambitious prosecution been attempted , nor had such a daunting task been faced by those seeking justice .
Realizing the unique nature of the challenge facing it , the prosecution team elected to take advantage of the Nazis ' own meticulous record - keeping to make their case for them .
Headed by former U.S. Attorney General and then - U.S. Supreme Court Justice Robert Jackson , the Allies intended to bury the Nazis under a mountain of their own documentation .
The sheer literal weight of the evidence amassed against the defendants - including 250 tons of paper in all - insured that the tribunal , rather than looking like an episode of " Perry Mason , " with a dramatic denouement presented to a gasping gallery of awestruck observers , more likely would be about as exciting as a reading of the New York City phone book .
The proceedings , in other words , were intended to be dry , thorough and painstaking .
As Jackson said ,
The case , therefore , against the defendants rests in large measure on documents of their own making , the authenticity of which has not been challenged . . .
A week into the trial , the defendants - including Reichsmarschall Hermann Goering , Hitler 's chief deputy Rudolf Hess and Foreign Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop - had come to realize that the prosecution was having a hard time .
The unprecedented nature of the charges and of the hearings themselves , among other things , seemed to have hampered the Allies ' ability to hammer home their case .
Their deliberate , thorough , documentation - driven approach proved - as expected - to be unavoidably tedious ( one chronicler has called the Nuremberg courtroom " a citadel of boredom " ) , and the prosecution , much to the defendants ' delight , often appeared plodding and overwhelmed .
A smirking condescension was sometimes evident in the defendants ' dock .
The afternoon session on November 29 , 1945 , the eighth day of the trial , began well for the defendants :
Goering , Ribbentrop and Hess had a great laugh over the reading of Goering ’s telephone conversation with Ribbentrop on the day of Hitler ’s triumphant entry into Vienna , describing the whole thing as a lark . . .
http://books.google.com/...
But then , all of that changed .
The Allies ' Associate Counsel told the court ,
" At this point it is planned by our staff to show a motion picture , and it will take some few minutes to make the physical arrangements in the courtroom , so that if the Court should feel like recessing , those arrangements could be made . "
When everything was ready , the lights in the courtroom were dimmed ; perhaps for security reasons , perhaps to gauge their reactions , the defendants were illuminated by small lights installed in their box .
The clacking noise of the projector starting up was to prove the crack of doom for Hitler 's amoral co-conspirators .
The film , " Nazi Concentration Camps , " was a distillation of footage shot by Allied cameramen as their armies had liberated the death camps one by one in the final months of the war .
The documentary was directed by Lt. Col. George C. Stevens , a noted Hollywood director in his own right ( before enlisting , Stevens directed Woman of the Year ; after the war , some of his most notable films included Shane , The Diary of Anne Frank , Giant and A Place in the Sun , the last two of which earned him Best Director Oscars ) .
The scenes , many of them familiar to us now , were absolutely shocking in their day : Bulldozers shoving tumbling corpses into open pits .
Bodies stacked like cordwood .
Walking skeletons looking dazedly into the camera , uncomprehending .
And then , just when the viewer 's mind started to go numb , the camera would focus in on a single dead face among a literal pile of dead faces , eyes staring vacantly , glazed over , transforming the millions of deaths which ( to paraphrase Stalin ) up to that point were just a statistic , into the unspeakable tragedy of single death upon single death upon single death , repeated to horror .
The film lasted just under an hour .
The effect on the mood in the courtroom can hardly be overstated .
Some people could not bear to watch ; one woman fainted .
And as the images from the projector continued to flicker across the screen that fateful afternoon , the veneer of arrogance and invincibility that had been a hallmark of the Nazi true believers for 12 long years finally cracked .
A psychologist assigned to monitor the defendants at the trial described what he observed among those sitting in the box while " Nazi Concentration Camps " was shown :
Funk covers his eyes . . .
Sauckel mops brow . . .
Frank swallows hard , blinks eyes , trying to stifle tears . . .
Frank mutters , " Horrible ! " . . . .
Rosenberg fidgets , peeks at screen , bows head , looks to see how others are reacting . . .
Seyss - Inquart stoic throughout . . .
Speer looks very sad , swallows hard . . .
Defense attorneys are now muttering , " for God ’s sake – terrible . " . . .
Fritzsche , pale , biting lips , really seems in agony . . .
Doenitz has head buried in his hands . . .
Keitel now hanging head . "
http://books.google.com/...
Another witness wrote ,
By the time the projectors high up on the courtroom balcony cranked out the sixth and last terrible reel , Field Marshal [ Wilhelm ]
Keitel was defeated as few generals have been defeated on a field of battle .
He sat there , bent over and broken , mopping his lined face with a soggy ball of handkerchief .
The effect of showing the film was devastating ( emphasis added ) :
This use of film in a juridical setting was unprecedented . . .
Although motion pictures had been submitted as trial evidence as early as 1915 , prior to Nuremberg one can find no records of any court using graphic film of atrocities as proof of criminal wrongdoing .
As the prosecution readied the army ’s documentary for screening , James Donovan , an assistant trial counsel , expressed succinctly the logic behind the turn to the filmic witness .
" These motion pictures , " he announced , " speak for themselves in evidencing life and death in Nazi concentration camps . "
As a visual artifact , the film could offer undeniable proof of a reality that might seem invented or exaggerated if recounted through written or spoken testimony .
( PDF file )
Indeed , as Nuremberg chief prosecutor Robert Jackson said in his opening statement , the film 's ability to silence disbelief was precisely the reason it was used :
We will show you these concentration camps in motion pictures , just as the Allied armies found them when they arrived . . . .
Our proof will be disgusting and you will say I have robbed you of your sleep . . . .
I am one who received during this war most atrocity tales with suspicion and skepticism .
But the proof here will be so overwhelming that I venture to predict not one word I have spoken will be denied .
Or , to put it another way ( PDF file ) ,
By presenting the tribunal with images of organized atrocity , the film confronted the court with the chief challenge of the trial : to submit unprecedented horror to principled legal judgments .
Reichsmarchall Goering was not happy about the screening :
" It was such a good afternoon , too , until they showed that film .
They were reading my telephone conversations on the Austrian affair [ " the Austrian affair " was the way Goering referred to the Anschluss , Germany 's invasion and occupation of Austria ] and everyone was laughing with me - and then they showed that awful film , and it just spoiled everything . "
http://books.google.com/...
Of course , after that came the feigned indignation and outrage that someone would assemble such " propaganda " to be used against them ; never mind that the " propaganda " was merely an unflinching documentation of the fruits of their years of deliberate work – a display , actually , of how successful they had been in having their plans carried out just as they had intended .
Here is a sampling of " Nazi Concentration Camp " ( I have n't found a link yet for a decent , complete version ) [ see Update below ] courtesy of the Robert H. Jackson Center 's YouTube channel :
Note that around the 3:23 mark in this video excerpt of the film , U.S. Navy Lt. Jack Taylor , held as a POW at the Mauthausen concentration camp , describes the half - dozen ways that prisoners there were killed :
" by gas , by shooting , by beating , that is beating with clubs , by exposure , that is standing out in the snow naked for 48 hours and having cold water thrown on them in the middle of winter , starvation , dogs , and pushing over a hundred - foot cliff "
Dousing with cold water .
Starvation .
Beatings .
We might as well be reciting from the Bradbury memo .
As the Nuremberg trials demonstrated - and even Goering recognized at the time - the power of film to condemn is unequaled .
Dick Cheney also knows this .
That 's why no videotapes exist anymore of U.S. personnel torturing detainees – and why Cheney is fighting tooth and nail to prevent any more photos from being released .
Given what we now know to be the reason for much of the torture inflicted on certain detainees , the offenses such photos would bear witness to could go far beyond inhuman and inexcusable treatment of prisoners - the photos might well be an important piece of evidence proving the crime of aggressive war .
The overriding charge against the Nazis at Nuremberg was waging aggressive war .
The tribunal was breaking new and controversial ground in pursuing such charges , and was opposed by many respected jurists .
Judge Charles E. Wyzanski , Jr. , Judge of the U.S. District Court for Massachusetts , wrote in the Atlantic Monthly in April 1946 ,
There is no convention or treaty which places obligations explicitly upon an individual not to aid in waging an aggressive war .
Thus , from the point of view of the individual , the charge of a " crime against peace " appears in one aspect like a retroactive law .
But by the time the proceedings had come to a close , Wyzanski had changed his views -
Before the Nuremberg trial began , those who , like myself , originally opposed a judicial proceeding stressed [ certain ] points . . . [ C] ommentators fear[ed ] that the trial instead of persuading the Germans of today or tomorrow that our side was just , would persuade them that we were hypocrites disguising vengeance under the facade of legality . . .
Now that the trial has been held , many of these forebodings are shown to have been wide of the mark .
Judged as a court trial , the Nuremberg proceedings were a model of forensic fairness .
[ T ]he definition of " aggressive , " like other legal terms , will acquire content by exemplification ; and the full meaning will become clear only after sufficient cases have been brought before and adjudicated by competent tribunals .
It may be difficult at some future time to determine whether a particular war is an aggressive war , but there was no difficulty in deciding that the Nazi war was an aggressive war , since it would be generally conceded that the term " aggressive war " at its least includes a war like the Nazi war , which is begun by an attack by those who do not themselves believe that they are in danger of immediate attack by others .
And although it may be difficult to say how far down the line of command responsibility goes , responsibility certainly extends at least to those who , knowing there is no danger , both plan and direct the unwarranted attack .
- and in fact was prepared to clarify the notion of " " :
A clear pattern of premeditiation , mendacity and unwarranted aggression made it clear that Germany 's warmaking , far from being a defensive response , was intended as an empire - building pursuit , in order to obtain for the German people " living space " ( Lebensraum ) and the natural resources associated with it .
Written into the Nazis ' plans right from the start was the displacement of several million former residents of the conquered territories - the disposition of whom was left to the readers ' imaginations .
In 1923 - fifteen years before the invasion of Austria - Adolf Hitler in Mein Kampf wrote of the necessity of conquering Czechoslovakia and Austria .
That view was reiterated once Hitler came to power , in the 1937 Hossbach document .
The Germans put their long - formulated plans into effect in 1938 , first with the " annexations " of Austria and the Czech Sudetenland .
Those were accomplished with virtually no bloodshed and the appearance of political due process in the eyes of much of the rest of the world .
Poland would be a tougher nut to crack .
The Nazis laid their plans accordingly .
On the night of August 31 , 1939 , thugs from the German SS , dressed in Polish army uniforms , overran an isolated German radio station in the lonely outpost of Gleiwitz , on the border with Poland .
The SS attackers then broadcast anti-German propaganda over the station 's airwaves .
Finally , using political prisoners they had grabbed from the Gestapo 's dungeons and the Dachau concentration camp , the Germans clothed them , too , in Polish uniforms , gave them lethal injections , and then riddled their bodies with bullets .
To the unsuspecting members of the German and international press who were allowed to view the scene the next day , it appeared obvious that the Polish army had staged an unprovoked attack on German soil .
The German government feigned outrage at the " attack , " and in " response , " declared war on Poland , invading that country with overwhelming force .
The " Gleiwitz incident " was one of 21 separate events staged by the Germans on the night of August 31 ; collectively , the deceptions were designed to provide Germany with a pretext for its illegal invasion of Poland .
A key part of the Nuremberg proceedings was testimony of Alfred Naujocks , who described in detail the Gleiwitz incident , which involved the murder of political prisoners and had one goal : to make it look as though Germany had been acting in self - defense against Polish aggression .
In his closing statement at Nuremberg , Jackson said ( emphasis added ) ,
The dominant fact which stands out from all the thousands of pages of the record of this Trial is that the central crime of the whole group of Nazi crimes - the attack on the peace of the world - was clearly and deliberately planned .
The beginning of these wars of aggression was not an unprepared and spontaneous springing to arms by a population excited by some current indignation .
A week before the invasion of Poland Hitler told his military commanders : " I shall give a propagandist cause for starting war - never mind whether it be plausible or not .
The victor shall not be asked later on whether we told the truth or not .
In starting and making a war , it is not the right that matters , but victory . "
The propagandist incident was duly provided by dressing concentration camp inmates in Polish uniforms , in order to create the appearance of a Polish attack on a German frontier radio station .
The plan to occupy Belgium , Holland , and Luxembourg first appeared as early as August 1938 in connection with the plan for attack on Czechoslovakia .
The intention to attack became a program in May 1939 , when Hitler told his commanders that " the Dutch and Belgian air bases must be occupied by armed forces .
Declarations of neutrality must be ignored . "
Naujock 's testimony revealing the cold - blooded calculations of the Gleiwitz incident was a key component of the proof that in fact Germany was the aggressor , and that , far from feeling threatened by Poland , the Germans had been planning for some time to invade .
And that salient fact was the essence of the charge of aggressive war .
In his closing statement , Jackson said ( emphasis added ) ,
The charges in the Indictment that the defendants planned and waged aggressive wars are charges of the utmost gravity .
War is essentially an evil thing .
Its consequences are not confined to the belligerent states alone , but affect the whole world .
To initiate a war of aggression , therefore , is not only an international crime ; it is the supreme international crime differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole .
The first acts of aggression referred to in the Indictment are the seizure of Austria and Czechoslovakia ; and the first war of aggression charged in the Indictment is the war against Poland begun on 1 September 1939 .
Before examining that charge it is necessary to look more closely at some of the events which preceded these acts of aggression .
The war against Poland did not come suddenly out of an otherwise clear sky ; the evidence has made it plain that this war of aggression , as well as the seizure of Austria and Czechoslovakia , was premeditated and carefully prepared , and was not undertaken until the moment was thought opportune for it to be carried through as a definite part of the preordained scheme and plan .
For the aggressive designs of the Nazi Government were not accidents arising out of the immediate political situation in Europe and the world ; they were a deliberate and essential part of Nazi foreign policy .
The key members of the BushCheney administration had planned for years prior to March 2003 to invade Iraq .
George Bush fantasized about being a " war president " - specifically , about invading Iraq - as far back as the 1990s ; his cabinet choices and all of his public utterances on the issue all pointed toward that inevitable outcome
- as far back as the 1990s ; his cabinet choices and all of his public utterances on the issue all pointed toward that inevitable outcome
The Project for the New American Century , from which most of the key members of the BushCheney foreign policy and defense teams were drawn , as its first public policy statement called in 1998 for the United States to make as its pre-eminent foreign policy focus the removal of Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq
the removal of Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq
Immediately after taking office in January 2001 , Dick Cheney convened his energy task force , which drew up ( a ) a map of Iraq which divided the country ’s western desert into oilfield parcels , and ( b ) a list of " Foreign Suitors for for Iraqi Oil Contracts "
On February 3 , 2001 , a top- secret National Security Council memo was circulated which " directed the N.S.C. staff to coöperate fully with the Energy Task Force as it considered the ‘ melding ’ of two seemingly unrelated areas of policy : ‘ the review of operational policies towards rogue states , " such as Iraq , and " actions regarding the capture of new and existing oil and gas fields . ’ "
The day after the terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 , Bush ordered his national security " czar , " Richard Clarke , to look for links between the terrorists and Saddam Hussein , in spite of Clarke ’s insistence that no such links exist
In March 2002 – a full year before the invasion of Iraq - President George W. Bush told a group of U.S. Senators , " F@#k Saddam - we ’re taking him out . "
The BushCheney administration tortured people in order to get them to confess to a non-existent link between Saddam Hussein and the 9/11 attacks
The BushCheney administration lied to Congress and to the American people about Saddam Hussein ’s ostensible seeking of uranium – lies that were based on documents that the administration knew were forgeries
The BushCheney administration actively proposed fabricating an international incident by staging the shootdown of a surveillance aircraft painted in United Nations colors and blaming the shootdown on the government of Iraq
All of the above are documented facts .
The case for the crime of aggressive war - the same offense for which Nazis at Nuremberg were tried and convicted - against the BushCheney administration is , on its face , already a strong one .
As the Nuremberg tribunal wound down , a dejected Goering - once the proudest , most arrogant peacock in the Nazi flock - shuffled to his cell after one day 's proceedings and reflected upon the ease with which aggressive war could be brought to pass :
Why , of course , the people do n't want war .
Why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece ?
Naturally , the common people do n't want war ; neither in Russia , nor in England , nor in America , nor for that matter in Germany .
That is understood .
But , after all , it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along , whether it is a democracy , or a fascist dictatorship , or a parliament , or a communist dictatorship . . .
[ T ]he people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders .
That is easy .
All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked , and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger .
It works the same in any country .
What the Nuremberg tribunal succeeded in doing was in introducing for the first time in human history legal accountability for the waging of aggressive war .
As Justice Jackson wrote in his report to President Harry Truman upon the completion of the trial , Nuremberg ( emphasis added )
for the first time made explicit and unambiguous what was theretofore , as the Tribunal has declared , implicit in International Law , namely , that to prepare , incite , or wage a war of aggression , or to conspire with others to do so , is a crime against international society . . . and that for the commission of such crimes individuals are responsible . . .
It is a basic charter in the International Law of the future
- or at least , it should be .
Update [ 2009-5-19 10:27:22 by occams hatchet ] : H/t to justme and platypus in the comments , who provided links to full versions of " Nazi Concentration Camps . "
I think this is the best - quality full - length video I 've seen ; what I still can't figure out is why the excerpt I included in the diary ( as well as the rest of the excerpts ) , available at the Robert Jackson Center 's YouTube channel , is so much sharper .
( The Jackson Center , by the way , has an amazing collection of archival footage of the Nuremberg tribunal . )
Hezbollah leader Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah remains popular in Lebanon
Britain says it is re-establishing contacts with the political wing of the Lebanese movement Hezbollah .
The move follows " positive political developments " in Lebanon , officials from the UK Foreign Office said .
It comes about 10 months after Hezbollah signed a unity accord in Lebanon and joined the government .
Only last year , the government put Hezbollah 's military wing on a list of proscribed organisations over its alleged training of insurgents in Iraq .
" We are exploring certain contacts at an official level with Hezbollah 's political wing , including MPs , " said a spokesperson for the Foreign Office .
The spokesperson said the UK was doing " all it can " to support Lebanon 's unity government , of which Hezbollah 's political wing is a part .
" Our objective with Hezbollah remains to encourage them to move away from violence and play a constructive , democratic and peaceful role in Lebanese politics , in line with a range of UN Security Council Resolutions . "
The spokesperson said Britain would continue to have no contact with Hezbollah 's military wing .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Oracle Corp. ORCL , +0.60 % stepped in to buy Sun Microsystems Inc. java for $ 9.50 a share in a deal valued at $ 7.4 billion , just weeks after a reported deal by IBM IBM , +1.57 % to buy the maker of Java software fell apart .
Oracle will pay a premium of $ 2.81 a share , or 42 % , over Sun Micro 's closing price of $ 6.69 a share on Friday .
Oracle said the deal is valued at $ 5.6 billion net of Sun 's cash and debt .
Oracle , which has bought a series of software firms including PeopleSoft , said the deal will add to earnings in the first full year after closing .
The Ministry of Health is monitoring a new flu virus after the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) warned it could start a global epidemic .
More than 80 people in Mexico are believed to have died and over 1300 are sick as a result of catching swine flu which has led to the closure of schools in Mexico city .
There have also been cases of the swine flu reported in New York , California and Kansas and a British Airways pilot has been hospitalised in London with flu symptoms after returning from Mexico .
The WHO has declared the outbreaks a " public health event of international concern " and said they could cause a pandemic – a global epidemic of serious disease .
Normal border control procedures were in place , and the WHO has asked all countries to " intensify surveillance for unusual outbreaks of influenza - like illness and severe pneumonia " .
The ministry here said it continued to be in contact with the WHO and was liaising with Australia over its response at this stage was .
" We are implementing the early stages of our pandemic response plan , " a spokesman said .
" However at this stage there is no indication that this will be needed . "
Big Profits are Made Trend Following the Currencies Are You Being Left Out ?
Forex trends reflect the underlying health of the economy the currency represents and the big trends last for months or years and can be seen on any currency trading chart .
By locking into these trends and holding them you can build significant wealth .
You Can Build Wealth No previous Experience Necessary !
Anyone can learn currency trading and have the potential to make big gains and this point was graphically illustrated in the turtle experiment in 1983 , when a group of people with no previous experience were trained in 14 days to trade the markets and went on to make hundreds of millions of dollars .
Two of them were professional card players and it ’s a fact that many of the most successful Forex traders started playing cards and then moved to trading currencies .
Why are card players so good at trading ?
Trading Forex successfully is very much like playing cards , you need to play when the odds are in your favor and fold when there not .
In financial markets this means cutting your losses quickly and running the big profitable Forex trends , for maximum profitability .
Forex markets move to probabilities not certainties but if you can spot and hit the highs odds trades , you make big profits in 30 minutes a day or less !
How You Can Enjoy Currency Trading Success
All you need is to have the desire to succeed and a plan .
If you have the desire we have the plan .
Simply check out the Free PDF downloads on the site and our RISK FREE Forex course and newsletter .
On our site you will find Free Forex education which includes a simple Forex trading system which makes great long term gains and Free PDF basic strategy downloads , simply click the banner on the right to get access and if you like the reports , you can try our Forex trading course risk free with daily alerts and full support .
To win you need the right Forex education , we will show you how to trade successfully even if you have never traded before and give you PROVEN FX trading strategies you can use to build wealth in the worlds most exciting business - Global Forex .
There are lots of people in the world today who incorrectly interpret the Quran to justify their wrong actions , this used to even happen during the early days of Islam .
Some do it intentionally and some unintentionally .
With a sound heart the true meanings of the Quran are revealed .
Did you like this comic ?
Copy this Code to add the above Comic to your Blog / Website :
{code type=html}
{/ code}
× Expand Amos Mortier
On Nov. 4 , 2004 , Amos Mortier and Reed Rogala realized they had a problem :
How to recover $ 80,000 for marijuana they believed Jacob Stadfeld , a longtime friend of Mortier 's , had stolen .
Rogala , Mortier 's New York - based supplier , told a grand jury in December 2007 that he and Mortier tossed around several ideas .
One was to level a fictitious threat - telling Stadfeld that unless he paid up , he'd have to answer to " the New York guys " when they came to town .
" We did n't really know what to do about Jake owing Amos all this money , " Rogala told the grand jury .
Less than a week later , Mortier , 27 , vanished from his Fitchburg home .
Authorities believe he was murdered over the debt .
Friends say he could have fled with thousands he earned selling pot .
His mother , Margie Milutinovich , wrestles daily with each possibility .
" It 's frustrating , " she says .
" It 's always there in my mind , wondering where he is . "
More than 3,250 sealed court documents obtained exclusively by this reporter shed new light on the case , including testimony that someone admitted to killing Mortier and feeding his body to hogs , à la Deadwood .
Acquired by a source close to the case , the documents summarize more than three years of secret hearings by state and federal investigators .
They provide , in often grim detail , the first major public revelations about the case since the court - ordered release of 18 search warrants in August 2007 .
As previously reported in Isthmus ( " Getting Away with Murder ? " , 9/27/07 ) , the search warrants identified Jacob Stadfeld , 32 , as a prime suspect .
The warrants stated that Stadfeld made incriminating statements and was near Mortier 's Lacy Road residence around the time he went missing .
Stadfeld was indicted last summer on federal drug charges and is awaiting trial .
In December , U.S. Attorney Dan Graber asked Stadfeld to provide an alibi for the day Mortier went missing , but then withdrew the request .
The court documents obtained by Isthmus also reveal that a 41 - year - old Madison man , whom we 'll call Brad Green , was implicated in grand jury testimony in late 2006 as having confessed to the murder .
Like Stadfeld , " Green " also allegedly owed Mortier a substantial sum of money .
Indeed , a review of these documents - including grand jury transcripts , police reports , DEA statement summaries and Homeland Security analyses - raises questions as to why detectives targeted one man while limiting their inquiry into the other .
Investigators from the Fitchburg Police Department , the Drug Enforcement Administration and the U.S. Attorney 's Office did not respond to numerous requests for comment .
Mortier 's disappearance sparked a massive federal drug investigation lasting more than three years .
Court records show that between 2006 and 2007 , nearly 100 people from at least six states were called to testify , helping prosecutors reconstruct one of the largest marijuana operations in city history .
In all , 25 people from Madison , several northeastern states and Canada were brought up on federal charges .
Fitchburg detectives hoped that targeted individuals would buckle beneath the threat of federal charges .
But while the feds have drummed up volumes of intelligence on Madison 's marijuana trade , they have n't smoked out a killer .
Turning up the heat
The federal grand jury was convened in late 2005 or early 2006 , officially to look into drug dealing .
But prosecutor Graber used the opportunity to further probe the circumstances surrounding Mortier 's disappearance .
Unlike state court , federal prosecutors often present evidence in the form of witness testimony to grand juries .
Consisting of 16 to 23 western Wisconsin residents , grand juries meet monthly , typically for 18 months , to decide whether criminal charges should be filed .
( In this case , U.S. vs. Stadfeld , et al. , the grand jury was extended for at least two months . )
According to DEA reports and witness testimony , Mortier received monthly 150 - pound shipments of Canadian - grown marijuana from former UW - Madison student Reed Rogala between 2000 and 2004 .
Rogala , who returned East after graduating , hired drivers to courier the weed to Madison via New York .
Mortier divided it up among people who sold for him .
Three people have already been sentenced for their roles in the ring .
Former UW - Madison student Brian Hutchinson , 34 , was sentenced last year to 27 months in prison , though he stopped selling pot more than a year before Mortier disappeared .
In early January , Rogala , 33 , drew a sentence of 12 1/2 years .
And on Jan. 27 , Destin Layne , 31 , Rogala 's ex-girlfriend , was sentenced to eight months .
Two other area men , Stadfeld and Brent Delzer , 35 , were indicted last year and are awaiting trial .
Delzer , a former party promoter and humorist , organized a benefit to raise reward money for Mortier 's family .
An earlier " John Doe " probe launched weeks after Mortier 's disappearance concluded he was likely murdered over a marijuana debt .
Stadfeld and " Green " are among a half - dozen people eyed as suspects over the years .
Green , whom Isthmus is not naming because he has not been charged with any crime , denies any involvement in Mortier 's disappearance : " I 've got nothing to do with this . "
Mortier went missing on Nov. 8 , 2004 .
Friends who entered his home on Lacy Road after a week of unanswered phone calls found a half - rolled joint near his DJ turntables .
The records were still spinning .
Later , friends removed Mortier 's safe and other items before calling police .
Because Mortier 's dog , Gnosis , was also missing , Milutinovich and others speculated that he was injured while walking the animal .
For five rainy days , friends and family combed the surrounding fields and swamp .
Gnosis was found ; Mortier was not .
Green was among those who took part in the search .
In an interview with this reporter in 2007 , he suggested that police suspected Mortier was dead , and had their eye on the searchers .
" The search was grueling , it was pointless , " he said .
" It was to keep us there so the police could watch , observe and figure out who of us might be ... the killer . "
Green , speaking before Isthmus obtained testimony linking him to the crime , also said : " I knew we were n't going to find him . "
It was n't long before suspicion focused in on Stadfeld , a local mortgage broker who moonlights as a musician .
But it was n't just his debt to Mortier or his reputation as a bully that unsettled detectives .
Cell phone analysis put him near Mortier 's house within the hour he went missing .
And in the days leading up to the disappearance , Stadfeld twice phoned a gun shop .
Stadfeld , who did n't help search for Mortier , also made incriminating statements , which prompted searches of his property , as well as his mother 's house .
" I know exactly what happened to him , " Stadfeld told police in an early interview , according to a report obtained by Isthmus .
" But I want my family protected . "
Dude , where 's my weed ?
Over the last four years , Fitchburg detectives have eyed at least six people as potential suspects , but none has been leaned on harder than Jacob Stadfeld .
In 2006 and 2007 , his wife , friends and bandmates were subpoenaed to give grand jury testimony , but Stadfeld himself was never called to testify .
He now faces 10 years to life in federal prison for selling marijuana , but no evidence that he committed murder has ever surfaced .
According to police reports , Stadfeld initially tried to distance himself from Mortier , describing him as a " secretive little guy . "
But as the pressure mounted , Stadfeld told police that on Nov. 4 , 2004 , Mortier called him " freaking out . "
Mortier warned that " bad things were going to happen " if he did n't have at least $ 20,000 for " the New York guys " when they arrived on Nov. 8 .
Though the story was merely a ruse , Stadfeld - who had never met Rogala - was spooked enough to make two calls to a gun shop that weekend .
Stadfeld denied owing Mortier money , telling police he " loaned " Mortier $ 10,000 the day before he disappeared .
Stadfeld said Mortier told him to be available in case the New York guys wanted to speak with him .
When Mortier did n't call , Stadfeld purportedly drove past his house , but everything seemed normal .
When Mortier still had n't called by the next morning , Nov. 9 , Stadfeld assumed " things did not go well the day before . "
After his wife left for work , he fled with his daughter to his mother 's house in Mauston .
" I did n't want to be home with my daughter if some guys showed up , " Stadfeld stated .
" I was not in a mood to fight over weed or get killed with Amos . "
The man we 're calling Green was interviewed by police , along with others who helped search for Mortier .
And then , in October 2005 , a Dane County Jail inmate told police he had information about Green 's role in Mortier 's marijuana operation .
The inmate , a Dane County resident , told detectives that in early 2005 , Green confessed to killing Mortier .
But Green 's accuser , who has multiple criminal convictions for drug use and scams to deprive people of cash , failed a polygraph .
He later said he was nervous about contraband secreted away in his underpants when jail deputies summoned him for the surprise test .
This accuser ( hereafter " the witness " ) told his story to the grand jury in September 2006 , even though Green was not a target of the investigation .
" What did [ Green ] do ?
What did he say he did ? " asked prosecutor Graber , according to the transcript .
Chillingly , the witness replied , " He said he stabbed Amos and fed him to pigs . "
' He needed to tell somebody '
Court records show that investigators , in the early days , were routinely stonewalled by silence and prevarication from Mortier 's one - time associates .
Even if they wanted to help , most of those questioned could n't speak freely without implicating themselves or others in some level of wrongdoing , namely smoking or selling pot .
But eventually , nearly 30 people were given immunity in exchange for their grand jury testimony .
Green , according to police reports , told detectives that he and Mortier were n't close , and that it would n't be unusual for months to pass without their being in contact .
But phone records show that the two spoke regularly .
Like Stadfeld , Green met with Mortier the day before he went missing , but could n't recall any details about the visit .
He said the two of them made plans to have dinner on Nov. 9 , two days hence .
He claimed he had no idea Mortier had money woes .
He did admit to having twice visited Mortier 's rural home after he went missing , but before police had been alerted , without knocking on the door .
The witness told the grand jury that Mortier fronted marijuana to Green , who in turn fronted it to his next - door neighbor .
The neighbor was then robbed of drugs and $ 80,000 in cash .
This was money that the neighbor owed Green , who owed Mortier .
The witness said Mortier told Green he " has to come up with money quick , " because Mortier was being threatened - the same ruse Mortier used on Stadfeld .
In early 2005 , the witness said he was invited to Green 's house , where they drank , popped pills and smoked crack .
Green , pacing the living room and chain - smoking cigarettes , confided that he 'd picked up Mortier on Nov. 8 , but instead of going to dinner as planned , he drove Mortier to see some land Green wanted to purchase .
" He said he knew Amos would go , because he also owned land , " the witness testified .
The witness said Green told him that he and Mortier got into an argument , and that he stabbed Mortier and dumped his body on a hog farm near Poynette , explaining that pigs will eat bones and teeth .
Afterward , Green allegedly returned to Mortier 's house , set Gnosis loose and looted the safe .
" I could see relief in his [ eyes ] , like he felt he needed to tell somebody , " the witness testified .
" I felt it to be [ from ] the heart .
After he was done , he was upset that he even told me . "
But then , the witness said , Green bragged about getting away with it .
He allegedly said that few people knew of his relationship with Mortier , so no one would suspect him .
And because one of Mortier 's friends removed the safe and other items from his house before police were alerted , Green felt his connection to the crime had been severed .
" [ He ] was happy because he got the money , but these people took the safe , " the witness said .
" He had everything pretty much figured out : ' I can get rid of this guy , get rid of the debt , get money , and his friends do n't know who I am . ' "
' An outrageous lie '
Despite the specificity of the witness ' account , nothing in nearly 100 pages relating to Green suggests detectives took seriously that he is the killer .
Green tells
Isthmus he was interviewed by police three or four times ( two of which he secretly recorded ) ; they told him a witness said he killed Mortier and disposed of his body on a hog farm .
He says he knows who his accuser is , and suggests it was payback for some ill - defined conflict having to do with a robbery of Green 's next - door neighbor .
" It 's an outrageous lie , and he 's an outrageous liar , " says Green .
But he also lets slip , when told that the person claimed to have heard him confess , " That 's how I know who it is . "
Green does n't have a criminal record in Wisconsin ( a search of online records reveals nothing but a speeding ticket ) , but was convicted of selling pot in Germany in 1984 .
He denies having sold pot for Mortier .
But the records show Green told detectives in November 2005 that Mortier had sold marijuana for him , and still owed him $ 1,000 .
He even volunteered to show detectives the grow room he 'd dismantled weeks after Mortier 's disappearance .
" I was stupid , " Green told this reporter in 2007 .
" I should have told [ the detective ] to go fuck himself , but I said I wanted to help .
I had that mentality going that I wanted to help if something could find Amos . "
Detectives noted in their reports that Green became agitated when they brought up Mortier 's fate .
" I may not be on the same page as you guys , but I believe he is dead , " he stated .
" Amos is buried in someone 's backyard . "
Green 's statements over the years have been at best inconsistent .
He told police he was unaware that Mortier was having financial issues , but told this reporter in 2007 that Mortier brought up needing " to make money " several times prior to his disappearance .
" I was like ...' C'mon , you know how to make some money , ' " Green said .
" One of the last times that we had an interaction , I gave him 400 bucks .
He owes me to this day . "
According to Green , detectives never asked him for an alibi or executed any search warrants on his home or vehicles .
He was served with two grand jury subpoenas , but both were excused when Green demanded full immunity and refused to take a polygraph .
He says police have not contacted him since 2006 .
" Apparently , they did n't fucking believe [ the witness ] either , " Green says .
" They know people will say anything to get themselves out of trouble . "
Running out of hope
Not all tragedies are tempered by time .
For Margie Milutinovich , the cycle of secrecy and revelation around her son's disappearance has been heart - wrenching .
It 's not unusual for strangers , after reading about the case at findamos.com , to call and share their dreadful theories .
As a mother looking for answers , she welcomes the calls .
" I 'm tough when I need to be there for Amos , " she says .
" No one is around at night when I cry . "
She remembers her son much the same way he 's described in court documents , as a sweet guy with infectious laughter , who enjoyed collecting gemstones , making music , farming organically and dining at upscale eateries like Restaurant Magnus , where a former waiter recalls , " He was treated like vegan royalty . "
It 's more difficult for Milutinovich to grasp that her son oversaw one of Madison 's largest - ever marijuana operations .
She attended Rogala 's Jan. 6 sentencing , consoling his elderly parents , who 'd come from New Jersey .
Judge Crabb joked about Rogala 's second career making bongs ( " It 's not glass blowing as Chihuly would do it " ) and took away more than 12 years of his life - more than Graber requested - for making a plant available to willing buyers .
Stadfeld 's trial has been delayed , indefinitely .
Milutinovich is saddened by this , feeling that Stadfeld may offer new information on the case to reduce his own sentence .
This is among her final hopes for answers .
Heartbreak struck Milutinovich again last June , when she arrived home to discover that Gnosis had fallen seriously ill .
She rushed him to a vet , but he died hours later when a tumor on his heart would n't stop bleeding .
" Do you know how many times I would stare at him and think , ' What happened that day ?
What do you know ? ' " she says .
" Gnosis had the answer .
He was a direct link to Amos .
Now he 's gone , too . "
Key characters
Amos Mortier : Oversaw one of Madison 's largest marijuana operations .
Disappeared on Nov. 8 , 2004 , at age 27 .
Authorities believe he was murdered over an $ 80,000 drug debt .
Reed Rogala , 33 : Supplied Mortier with thousands of pounds of Canadian - grown marijuana he shipped via New York between 2000 and 2004 .
Was sentenced in January to more than 12 years in federal prison .
Jacob Stadfeld , 32 : Local mortgage broker , musician , pot dealer and family man believed to have stolen 30 pounds of marijuana from Mortier .
Prime suspect in his disappearance .
Faces trial on drug conspiracy charges .
Brad Green : Pseudonym for a 41 - year - old Madison man .
A former soldier who went AWOL following a pot bust in 1984 in Germany , and an admitted former pot grower .
Allegedly admitted to killing Mortier .
Chronology
November 2003 : Amos Mortier receives last shipment of marijuana from Reed Rogala .
Jacob Stadfeld allegedly steals 30 pounds .
August 2004 : An alleged drug rip occurs at an east - side Madison residence , indebting " Brad Green " to Mortier .
Nov. 8 , 2004 : Mortier goes missing .
A week passes before police are alerted .
Nov. 19 , 2004 : Police call off the search for Mortier after five days .
April 14 , 2005 : Fitchburg police say they believe Mortier is dead .
Summer 2005 : The federal Drug Enforcement Administration begins investigating Mortier 's marijuana operation .
Circa 2006 : A federal grand jury convenes to probe a drug conspiracy .
September 2006 : A witness tells the grand jury that he heard " Green " admit to killing Mortier .
August 2007 : A court orders the release of 18 search warrants - all more than two years old - providing the first public insight into Mortier 's disappearance .
September 2008 : Jacob Stadfeld and Brent Delzer are indicted on federal drug conspiracy charges .
Prosecutors say they sold marijuana for Mortier .
Both await trial .
November 2008 : Former UW - Madison student Brian Hutchinson is sentenced to 27 months in prison after admitting he sold marijuana in Madison for Reed Rogala .
January 2009 : Reed Rogala is sentenced to more than 12 years in federal prison ; his former girlfriend , Destin Layne , gets eight months .
iTunes responds to Amazon download war… by INCREASING cost of new music by 20
p
New releases on iTunes will rise to 99 p from today , bucking a trend among rivals to slash prices in a bid to secure a larger slice of the download market .
While Amazon has dropped the price of songs such as the current No.1 - Lady GaGa 's Poker Face - to 29 p , Apple has upped the price up to 99p .
Under the company 's new three - tier pricing scheme the iTunes online music store is now selling downloads for 59 p , 79 p and 99p .
Amazon has dropped the price of hit songs including Lady GaGa 's Poker Face and Lily Allen 's The Fear to as little as 29
p
Apple downloads will also now be digital rights management ( DRM ) free , which means songs can be played on all types of music players .
The move comes a day after Amazon dropped the price of more than a hundred top - selling titles .
The online retail giant is offering some of their top songs for 50 p less than market leader Apple in a bid to woo customers away from their rivals .
Amazon have made more than 100 tracks available on their website at the bargain price of 29 p , including Lily Allen 's hit song , The Fear .
Amazon , which began life selling books online , have also included rock , classical and jazz tracks in the promotion .
They have also been offering albums for as little as £ 3 - the average price on Apple 's iTunes website is £ 7.99 .
Lenny Kravitz songs play on Apple Nano media players .
Tunes will now cost 99
p
Meanwhile the majority of iTunes top sellers , including Calvin Harris 's I 'm Not Alone and Beyonce 's Halo , were still on offer today at 79 p .
Only one of iTunes top 50 selling tracks was being sold at the cheapest price of 59 p - Metro Station 's Shake It .
Apple chief executive Steve Jobs said the price tier would be based on what music labels were charging Apple , which means new releases often fall into the 99 p bracket .
Experts said Amazon 's price drop was good news for the online music industry .
Tom Dunmore of gadget magazine Stuff said : ' This is really the first serious competitor to Apple 's dominance we 've seen .
' I think this could see the start of a price war , and Apple maybe forced to counter with its own promotions .
' Over­all , this is great news , as consumers are only going to see prices drop . '
Amazon launched its download service last year and its catalogue now boasts more than five million tracks .
In the U.S. , the company is tapping into a new market for electronic books and has launched an e-book reader called Kindle .
Most downloads in Britain are selling for something between 59 p and 79p .
Apple has a catalogue of more than 10 million songs and still has by far the largest share of the download market .
In the six years it has been up and running it has sold more than six billion songs worldwide .
Julian Monaghan , head of music buying at Amazon.co.uk said the company always aimed to offer the lowest prices and comprehensive choice .
' Since our launch four months ago , we have been presenting our customers with some great deals on MP3s whilst rapidly expanding our catalogue and we will continue to do so going forward , ' he said .
Amazon downloads will be compatible on both iPods and iPhones .
Both Apple and Amazon face now have to compete with online sites which allow users to stream music on their computers without buying the tracks .
Passport Canada will stop accepting online applications at the end of April .
Passport On - Line was launched in 2005 with great fanfare , and a promise to reduce wait times by allowing Canadians to pre-process their application .
But the agency said this month the online service wo n't be available after April 30 .
The move follows complaints from Canada 's privacy commissioner about sloppy security at the agency , and an embarrassing online security breach more than a year ago .
But Passport Canada says the online service is being wound up because it's not as " convenient " for Canadians as using downloadable forms that must be taken in person to a passport office .
As of June 1 , most Canadians travelling by land or water to U.S. destinations must carry a passport .
Two American icons , General Electric and Berkshire Hathaway , lost their triple - A credit ratings .
Then China , America 's largest creditor , called for a new global currency to replace the dollar just weeks after it demanded Washington guarantee the safety of Beijing 's nearly $ 1 trillion debt holdings .
And that was just in March .
These events are the latest warnings that our world is changing far more rapidly and profoundly than we – or our politicians – will admit .
America's own triple - A rating , its superpower status , is being downgraded as rapidly as its economy .
President Obama 's recent acknowledgement that the US is not winning in Afghanistan is but the most obvious recognition of this jarring new reality .
What was the president telling Americans ?
As Milton Bearden , a former top CIA analyst on Afghanistan , recently put it , " If you are n't winning , you 're losing . "
The global landscape is littered with evidence that America 's superpower status is fraying .
Nuclear - armed Pakistan – arguably the world 's most dangerous country – is falling apart , despite billions in US aid and support .
In Iraq , despite efforts in Washington to make " the surge " appear to be a stunning US victory , analysts most familiar with the region have already declared Iran the strategic winner of the Bush administration 's war against Saddam Hussein .
The Iraq war has greatly empowered Iran , nurturing a new regional superpower that now seems likely to be the major architect of the new Iraq .
Sadly , what was forgotten amid the Bush - era hubris was that America 's edge always has been as much moral and economic as military .
Officially sanctioned torture , the Abu Ghraib scandal , US invasion of a sovereign country without provocation , along with foolishly allowing radical Islamists to successfully portray the US as the enemy of the world 's 1.5 billion Muslims , shattered whatever moral edge America enjoyed before 2003 .
Washington 's uncritical support of Israel at the expense of Palestinians is perceived by much of the world as egregiously hypocritical .
Consequently , America 's collision course with Islam may be irreversible .
Muslims believe Islam never lost the moral high ground – and they wo n't readily relinquish it for Western secularism .
Even politically conservative journals such as The National Interest recognize something has gone wrong .
In a recent issue , Robert Pape opined : " The self - inflicted wounds of the Iraq war , growing government debt , increasingly negative current - accounts balance , and other economic weaknesses have cost the United States real power in today 's world . …
If present trends continue , we will look back at the Bush administration 's years as the death knell of American hegemony . "
Now , as a massive retrenchment of the US economy is under way , it is time to shake the mental shackles of the superpower legacy and embrace a more peripheralist agenda .
That need not mean isolationism or retreat .
It would still require maintaining substantial armed forces with a qualitative edge , but using them only when there is an affordable and persuasive American national interest .
Iraq never fitted that description .
The price tag for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan wars is in the trillions .
Sun
Tzu , the ancient Chinese military commentator , prophetically observed 2,500 years ago , " [ W ] hen the army marches abroad , the treasury will be emptied at home . "
It remains a lingering American myth that US troops and warships can go anywhere and pay any price .
Not so .
The modern Chinese have discovered a better way .
The Washington Post reports that the Chinese went on a shopping spree recently , taking advantage of fire - sale prices to lock up global supplies of oil , minerals , and other strategic resources for their economy .
That amounts to a major economic conquest – without using a single soldier .
By contrast , American efforts to secure oil have looked clumsy .
Iran also is achieving serious regional hegemony , without armadas , using proxy guerrilla armies to dominate its near neighbors .
Its rebuffs to President Obama 's recent outreach speaks to Tehran 's growing confidence in its ability to manipulate its home - field advantage – stage - managing events from Afghanistan to Lebanon , all the while thumbing its nose at both the American and Israeli " superpowers . "
Last August 's Russian invasion of Georgia was a painful reminder that Russia has what its leadership calls " privileged interests " on its periphery .
Yesterday 's superpowers have been replaced by regional hegemons , as the globe is being carved up into more - defensible spheres of interest .
Americans need to acknowledge that war , like politics , is the art of the possible , and both have their limits .
The Bush administration was unable to deliver its promised democratic remake of the Muslim Middle East .
Thus , another unpleasant truth : The Western democratic model has no appeal to much of the Arab world .
Nor is democracy an attractive model for huge swaths of the rest of the world , such as Russia and China .
It 's time to lower our geopolitical sights and end America 's unrealistic crusade .
We should n't expect " them " to want to be like " us . "
It took years for the US to recover its moral authority after Vietnam .
It will be an even harder comeback this time .
Walter Rodgers is a former senior international correspondent for CNN .
[ Editor 's note : Due to a production error , the original version of the article omitted the first paragraph . ]
Last week , Susan Boyle , a 47 - year - old woman — who would at first glance probably never be associated with the word “ diva ” — has lit up the hearts of many thanks to the internet and an appearance on “ Britain ’s Got Talent ” obviously in the United Kingdom .
Watch this video and see why you never judge a book or anyone from the outside .
Ms. Boyle ’s performance and how she changed the minds around her can be described as nothing short of beautiful ; furthermore , I ’m sure a lot of people learned a valuable lesson .
Major funding for FRONTLINE is provided by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation .
Additional funding is provided by the Park Foundation .
Major funding for Poisoned Waters is provided by The Seattle Foundation , The Russell Family Foundation , The Wallace Genetic Foundation , The Morris and Gwendolyn Cafritz Foundation , The Keith Campbell Foundation for the Environment , The Merrill Family Foundation , The Abell Foundation , The Bullitt Foundation , the Park Foundation , and The Rauch Foundation .
Additional funding is provided by The Town Creek Foundation , The Clayton Baker Trust , The Lockhart Vaughan Foundation , The Curtis and Edith Munson Foundation , The Chesapeake Bay Trust , Louisa and Robert Duemling , Robert and Phyllis Hennigson , Robert Lundeen , The Eugene and Agnes E. Meyer Foundation , The Prince Charitable Trusts , Ron and Kathy McDowell , Valerie and Bill Anders , Bruce and Marty Coffey , The Foundation for Puget Sound , Janet Ketcham , Win Rhodes , The Robert C. and Nani S. Warren Foundation , Jim and Kathy Youngren , Vinton and Amelia Sommerville and Laura Lundgren .
Best Sports Cars
During the past few decades a large number of sports cars have been produced by various automakers and car transport companies in almost every part of the world and it is , indeed , somewhat tough to decide what are the best sports cars of all time .
Here is a list of 15 best sports cars of all the time .
The list has been developed considering the power , innovative design and fastness of these cars .
Let ’s have a look what my 15 best ever picks have in them .
Many are of the view that the 250GTO was the best Ferrari ever produced ; this exceptional sporty was launched in 1962 .
Design - wise it was a compact berlinetta and Giotto Bizzarrini was behind its concept .
When it comes to performance , with its V12 3 - liter engine it could produce 302hp and covered 0 - 60 mph in just 6.1seconds .
It was Carroll Shelby who dreamed that car and AC , the British automaker was brought this dream into concrete form , but he was Shelby who named it Cobra .
One interesting fact about the car was that it got its parts and accessories from different cars .
The 427 was available with a 7 - liter engine and could produce 425 hp with 0 - 60 mph acceleration of 4.2seconds .
It was in 1993 when Subaru launched its Impreza that was a nice compact car indeed and got tremendous success in rally championship .
In 1994 these guys came up with STi version with loads of improvements .
The car had somewhat an immortal design of blue frame and gold colored wheels .
The Porsche 911 got fifth position in a poll voted for the car of the century .
The car was launched in 1963 .
Its GT3 version has been developed with light materials and it was available with 3.6 - liter engine capable of 381 bhp and it could cover 0 - 60 mph in just 4.0 seconds .
It was in 1999 when Italian car maker Pagani started the production of their Zonda , only 10 units of this car are shipped each year .
Carbon fiber is widely used material in various body parts of the Zonda and its C12 S version houses a 7.3 - liter powerhouse .
In Japan the Nissan Skyline is a well - known name for motor racing as well as street cars , because of its exceptional dominance , the vehicle was named as Godzilla .
It ’s GT - R version houses different racing accessories that became widely popular after its appearance in Gran Turismo .
It housed the same 2.6 liter engine that could be seen in the R32 .
This exceptional Mitsubishi has several titles under her belt in the World Rally Championship .
Mitsubishi Lancer Evo VIII carries the same look that we have seen in its first generation and it features a 2 - liter engine that is capable of producing 400 hp and it accelerates 0 - 60 mph in 3.5 second .
Back in 1960 , the DB4 GT was introduced by Aston Martin , a great overhauling was done of the Zagato model that featured a rounded long hood and it could accelerate 0 - 60 mph in 6.1 sec .
A racing prototype of BMW M3 GTR was created during 2001 , it qualified as Gran Turismo car , but BMW also preferred to develop its street version .
It has a clean design and features a 4 - liter V 8 cylinder engine that can produce 444 bhp .
This was the vehicle that really revolutionized the development of sports cars with its flat floors , two seats and external hood .
Photo by The Electrician
This is quite well - known as the fastest transmission car in the world and it has a nice crash structure , carbon fiber and impressive body panels .
Mercedes SLR McLaren houses a SOHC V8 5.4 - liter supercharged engine that is capable to produce 616 bhp .
Italian automaker introduced this car in 1990 , and many celebrities played an important role in its popularity as they acquired that vehicle .
It houses a 5.7 - liter engine that is capable to produce 492 bhp .
There are a considerable number of people who have been dreaming about this nice car , its two white stripes serve as its trademark and it covers 0 - 60 mph in 4.0 seconds .
The other included in the list are classic , Bugatti Veyron has an exception , but somewhat more than a classic that houses an 8 - liter 16 cylinder engine and that can produce 987hp .
It covers 0 - 60 mph in 2.46 seconds .
15 . Chevrolet Corvette 1968 L88
1968 Chevrolet Corvette L88 has a nice aggressive and robust look .
This great beast can consume 7 - liter and produces 460 hp in return .
With its impressive looks and exceptional , It ’s indeed , a ruler in the world of sports car today .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- Taliban militants who implemented Islamic law in Pakistan 's violence - plagued Swat Valley last week have now taken control of a neighboring district .
Pakistani paramilitary troops patrol a street in Islamabad on Tuesday .
Control of the Buner district brings the Taliban closer to the capital , Islamabad , than they have been since they started their insurgency .
Islamabad is 96 kilometers ( 60 miles ) from the district .
" Our strength is in the hundreds , " said Moulana Mohammad Khalil , as heavily armed men openly patrolled the roads in pickup trucks , singing Islamic anthems .
The militants had taken control of the area to ensure that Islamic law , or sharia , is properly imposed , Khalil said .
The government called the advance into Buner a breach of a recently - signed peace agreement .
Watch as Taliban is emboldened »
" Now Taliban are violating the peace agreement , and if they continue the government will take strict action and not allow the Taliban to create a parallel government in that area , " said Mian Iftikhar , a spokesman for the regional administration in the North West Frontier Province , where Buner is located .
Last week , the Taliban imposed sharia law in Swat Valley as part of a peace deal with the government .
Under the Taliban 's strict interpretation , the law prevents women from being seen in public without their husbands or fathers .
Earlier this month , the militant movement made forays into Buner and clashed with locals before withdrawing .
Now the Taliban appear to have returned in force -- a move that indicates the recent government concessions may have emboldened the militants to expand their reach .
The Pakistani government appears unable or unwilling to stop the Taliban 's steady advance deeper into the territory of this nuclear - armed country .
In the days after the government 's April 13 decision to implement sharia law in Swat , pro-Taliban clerics have staged rallies in Swat and Islamabad .
They have demanded the imposition of Islamic law across Pakistan and beyond .
Speaking before an audience of tens of thousands in the Swat Valley town of Mingora on Sunday , cleric Sufi Muhammed declared democracy and Pakistan 's judicial system " un-Islamic . "
A Taliban spokesman in Swat went a step further Tuesday , calling anyone opposed to his strict interpretation of Islam a non-Muslim .
IReport : Should the U.S. interfere in Pakistan ?
" Let the judges and the lawyers go to Islamic university , " Muslim Khan said .
After " they learn Islamic rules , Islamic regulation , they can continue to work . "
The rise of the Taliban in Swat has alarmed and frightened some members of local civil society there .
" This is a time bomb for the country , " said Aftab Alam , the head of the lawyers ' association in Swat district .
Meanwhile , in another Taliban - run region called Orakzai , details emerged of militants forcing a small community of Sikhs to pay a jaziya , or " minority tax , " of 10.5 million rupees ( roughly $ 130,000 ) earlier this month .
Khan said if his vision of an Islamic society is fulfilled in Pakistan , terror mastermind Osama Bin Laden will be welcome to travel and live openly here .
" Sure , he 's a Muslim , he can go anywhere , " Khan said .
Khan added that he would like to see sharia law implemented beyond Pakistan , even in America , a country he knows intimately .
For four years , the Taliban spokesman lived in the United States , working as a painter near Boston , Massachusetts .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned Wednesday that Pakistan is in danger of falling into terrorist hands because of failed government policies .
" I think that we cannot underscore the seriousness of the existential threat posed to the state of Pakistan by continuing advances , now within hours of Islamabad , that are being made by a loosely confederated group of terrorists and others who are seeking the overthrow of the Pakistani state , a nuclear armed state , " Clinton said in Washington .
She added the international community is working closely to combat extremism in both Pakistan and Afghanistan , but Pakistanis themselves need to take responsibility .
Who said ice cubes should be boring ?
From a frozen smile that looks like grandpa ’s dentures , to a sinking titanic cube , these ten ice cube trays are literally –and figuratively – cool .
1 Frozen Smile Ice Cube Tray
This is n’t your grandpa ’s ice tray – though the ice do look suspiciously like a set of his dentures !
Well , freeze up a batch of cubes with the , serve them to your party guests … and watch them smile !
2 Gin and Titonic Ice Cube Tray
Ice ahoy !
Go ahead and make your party ’s fun unsinkable with this .
( Titonic , get it ? )
Be sure to watch your guests ’ faces light up as you hand them their drinks chilled with Titanic and icebergs ( and be sure to tell them you ’re King of the World ! )
3 Ice Invaders Ice Cube Tray
Did you spend a good portion of your childhood ( and your allowance ) blasting 2 - dimensional aliens to smithereens ?
Now you can freeze those precious moments in time with .
An ice tray made from 100 % silicone , so it ’s oven and dishwasher safe .
4 Jazz Ice Cube Cube Tray
Kick back and chill with the .
Simply fill this food - grade silicon tray with your favorite juice , water , or soda pop , freeze , and then get ready for the coolest Jack - n - Cokes you have ever seen .
Ice mold makes three guitars and two small ice song notes all at once .
Be sure to order extra for parties !
5 Fossiliced Dinosaur Ice Cube Tray
Turn your next cocktail party into a success of epic proportion – well , at least you can add fun to your drinks and make ’em the toast of the party with dinosaur fossil ice cubes .
Theis the perfect prehistoric touch to modern day drinks ( they ’re great for Jell - O molds , too ! ) .
The food - grade and freezer - safe silicon trays can withstand temperatures of - 58 °F to 446 °F .
6 Bone Chillers Ice Cube Cube Tray
Chill your beverages to the bone .
Fill and freeze the reusable ; you ’ll create an icy array of skulls and crossbones that ’ll have everyones ’s timbers shivering .
Drink up , me hearties !
7 Cool Jewels Ice Cube Cube Tray
You know the saying , “ Diamonds are a girl ’s best friend ” ?
Well , with thea girl can have several , albeit very temporary , best friends .
This flexible silicone ice cube tray makes 6 sparkling assorted gemstone shapes to chill down and bling out your favoroite beverage .
Just add crystal clear water to the ice mold , freeze , and voila , you ’ve got six ice diamonds or fill it up with different colored juices to create other ice gemstones like rubies , sapphires or even black onyx .
8 Ice Princess Ice Cube Cube Tray
This adorablewill create magic wands fit for a fairy princess .
The set features glittery reusable drinking straws that fit into an ice cube tray to make fair wands with star - shaped ice cubes at the tip .
9 Love Lip Ice Cube Cube Tray
Feel the love with the .
Add sizzle to your special celebration ; whether it ’s Valentine ’s Day , Anniversary or to show your love for that special someone with a lovely drink .
10 Lego Ice Bricks Cube Tray
Serve the coolest drinks around with ice that looks like LEGO bricks , or build your own LEGO ice sculpture with theCool as ice !
Kids as young as eight or nine are saying they aspire to become gangsters as a career choice , something that is alarming police and youth workers .
Sgt. Shinder Kirk of B.C.'s Integrated Gang Task
Force says the problem is not being taken seriously enough by kids .
" It hurts me to hear that and somehow it makes me feel that the message we 've all been talking about , whether as parents or society , is not filtering down and not resonating with youth , " Kirk said .
In a Surrey classroom , youth worker Rob Rai talks about the current selling price of a kilogram of B.C. bud versus U.S. cocaine .
And some of the grade 10 and 11 students already know the answers .
Rai says interest in gang lifestyles is skewing alarmingly young .
" What 's frightening for me is little kids as young as grade six or seven [ say ] ' Yea I love Scarface , that 's what I want to be when I grow up , I 'm going to be gangster , ' " Rai said .
" That 's scary . "
Some of the students say they 've already been scarred by gang violence , both locally and in big cities like Toronto .
" My friend just got shot two days ago , like my best friend , " one boy told CTV .
" And I just heard that .
I was really sad for awhile . "
It becomes more discouraging when talking to students about whether they think their friends can get out safely .
" I do n't think I can do that -- it 's too late , " one said .
" They are not going to go around shooting anybody or anything -- they are not going to go that far . "
But the student did admit they worried about their friend becoming a victim of violence .
" Oh yeah , yeah I do but I can't do anything about it . "
" We actually lost a family member to gang violence a few years ago so it 's pretty sad , " one girl told CTV .
" He tried leaving and they stopped him and they killed him , because that 's the way it goes . "
Experts say gang interest can begin in kids as young as elementary age .
" The youngest person I 've seen going down the wrong path was probably in about grade four or grade five -- eight or nine - years - old , " Rai said .
" They 've already started to fill themselves with all these other pieces of criminality and the gangster lifestyle . "
But educators say parents often do n't believe that interests in gangs can start as early as grade four .
Taryn Dixon , and elementary school principal in Chilliwack , says its time for parents to get a reality check .
" Whether they like it or not , gang life is out there and there are lots of negative choices our kids can make . "
With a record number of drug and gangland executions in B.C. 's Lower Mainland and the Fraser Valley , police and educators trying hard to get the attention of students .
Last week in Abbotsford , Police Chief Bob Rich sent a warning to students :
Drug deals , even in the smallest amount , can make you a target for death .
In just the past five months , 36 young men and women have been murdered -- and the age of the victims continues to get younger and younger .
In the most recent , Abbotsford high school students Joseph Randay and Dilsher Gill were gunned down on May 1 after allegedly selling a small amount of drugs in rival turf .
The boys , just 18 and 17 - years - old , were due to attend their graduation ceremonies on Thursday .
Watch " Gang Related " on CTV News at Six this Tuesday and Wednesday to find out what parents can do .
With a report from CTV British Columbia 's Julia Foy
Recycle Aluminum Cans – Aluminum Underwear
Designer Ingrid Goldbloom
Bloch found a great way to recycle aluminum cans by transforming them into aluminum underwear .
Appreciate the art but you would n’t catch me dead wearing a Coke - can - made pair of undies .
A Pennsylvania man who shot and wounded a police officer more than 41 years ago will stand trial for his murder following the officer 's death last year , a judge has ruled .
Prosecutors say the victim , Walter Barclay , died of injuries directly linked to the 1966 shooting .
William Barnes , 71 , who already served around 20 years in prison for the shooting and other offences , was rearrested last year and charged with murder following Mr Barclay 's death .
Prosecutors say a urinary tract infection that afflicted Mr Barclay was a direct result of his paralysis .
That in turn was caused when Barnes shot him in the spine during an attempted break - in on November 27 , 1966 .
Judge Bradley Moss of the Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas sided with prosecutors , although he noted that he had not found any other case in the United States in which a suspect had been charged with murder so long after causing an injury .
" It seems to me the Commonwealth has met its burden in this matter , " Mr Moss said after a two - hour hearing .
He set a trial date of March 19 .
Defence attorney Bobby Hoof said prosecutors failed to prove the police officer had not died from intervening causes between the shooting and his death in August 2007 at age 64 .
He argued that Mr Barclay had been involved in two car accidents after the shooting and also fell out of his wheelchair , all of which could have contributed to his death .
Medical examiners did not perform an autopsy and had not ruled out possibilities he might have died from other causes , Mr Hoof said .
Medical Examiner Ian
Hood told the court that an autopsy had not been carried out because medical records clearly indicated Mr Barclay died from the urinary tract infection that stemmed from his paralysis .
He reported the cause of death to be homicide .
- Reuters
• Personalized messages increase compliance and reinforce your authority .
• Use a bilingual sign for messages in English and Spanish .
• Made with our most resilient aluminum and plastic materials , and printed using 3 M matched component inks .
Think visitors are up to shenanigans on your property ?
Useto remind employees and customers that you 're keeping an eye on them .
Shapes and designs to suit any location .
About a month ago , renowned Japanese author Haruki Murakami arrived in Israel to receive the prestigious Jerusalem Prize at the International Book Fair in the capital .
In a speech he gave during the event Murakami subtly criticized Israel for its policy in the occupied territories .
However , in an article recently published by the author in the Shunjuu Bungei literary journal , Murakami takes off the gloves and strongly condemns Israel 's " unjust " treatment of the Palestinians .
" Israel has adopted a policy that seals off the Palestinians inside the West Bank and the Gaza Strip , a policy that denies the refugees ' right to return to their land in order to protect the interests of the Jewish people ; this is unjust , " Murakami writes .
He explains that he decided to accept the Israeli prize believing this would allow him to speak freely in front of an Israeli audience .
Murakami accepts prize from Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat ( Photo : AP )
While Murakami notes that " Israel is n't a tyrannical state and is founded on free speech , " the encounters with Israelis he describes reflect a racist , militant and aggressive society .
" I sense a very strong patriotic approach when I talk to Israelis .
The schools instill it in them through the official history , and three years of military service for boys and two years for girls is mandatory , " he writes .
Murakami claims that Israelis fail to understand that their policy towards the Palestinians is wrong .
" Palestinians have to undergo thorough security checks whenever they want to go somewhere and their economic activity is limited .
They are not free to build their homes when and where they want to , and in fact have no sovereignty over their land , " he explains .
' Israel suffers from trauma '
The writer admits that during his trip to Israel he did not visit Gaza or the West Bank , but describes an incident he witnessed in Jerusalem : " At a junction in Jerusalem , without me realizing why , an Israeli soldier took an entire family out of their car and beat up the father in front of his children . "
In another encounter with an Israeli taxi driver , " I asked him what was the purpose of the security wall that runs along the highway .
He replied that it was there in order to keep the animals from crossing the border . "
Murakami's visit to the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial Museum prompted him to come up with the following insight : " I think that the State of Israel suffers from some sort of trauma .
The brain tells them that excessive self - defense is not good , but their body spontaneously responds to the slightest of provocations . "
The Israeli Foreign Ministry said in response to the article : " The State of Israel is proud for having presented the Jerusalem Prize to Murakami and respects his right to express his opinions on current affairs .
" However , Israel regrets the fact that the author , who is highly popular in Israel , preferred to adopt some inaccurate generalizations about the Middle East conflict , without knowing the facts .
We would be happy if during his next visit in the country the author would find the time to learn more about Israel and the reality in the region . "
Need a good scare ?
Here are 6 haunted adventures in the Lake Winnebago region
Here are six haunted houses and events planned for October , 2020 , in Manitowoc , Sheboygan , Fond du Lac and Oshkosh .
KARACHI , Pakistan 
In Pakistan , a flogger is known only as the Taliban ’s choice whip for beating those who defy their strict codes of Islam .
But deep in the nation ’s commercial capital , just next door to a mosque and the offices of a radical Islamic organization , in an unmarked house two Pakistani brothers have discovered a more liberal and lucrative use for the scourge : the $ 3 billion fetish and bondage industry in the West .
Their mom-and - pop - style garment business , AQTH , earns more than $ 1 million a year manufacturing 2,000 fetish and bondage products , including the Mistress Flogger , and exporting them to the United States and Europe .
The Qadeer brothers , Adnan , 34 , and Rizwan , 32 , have made the business into an improbable success story in a country where bars are illegal and the poor are often bound to a lifetime in poverty .
Michelle Bachmann is doing her best impression of an insane backwoods militia member from Montana .
Unfortunately , she ’s a god damn representative from Minnesota ( what the fuck are you gophers doing ? )
I only have the transcript from her interview with Glenn Beck :
BACHMANN : Let me tell you , there ’s something that ’s happening this week in Congress that could be the eventual unraveling for our freedom , and it ’s this .
I had asked the Treasury Secretary and Ben Bernanke , the Federal Reserve Chair , if they would categorically denounce –
BECK : I know .
BACHMANN : –taking the United States off of the dollar and putting us on an international global currency .
Because as you know , Russia , China , Brazil , India , South Africa , many national have lined up now and called for an international currency , a One World currency .
And they want to get off the dollar as the reserve currency .
BECK : Most people do n’t understand what that means .
BACHMANN : What that means is that all of the countries of the world would have a single currency .
We would give up the dollar as our currency and we would just go with a One World currency .
And now for the first time , we ’re seeing major countries like China , India , Russia , countries like that , calling for a one world currency and they want this discussion to occur at the G20 .
So I asked both the Treasury Secretary and the Federal Reserve chair if they would categorically denounce this .
The reason why is because if we give up the dollar as our standard , and co-mingle the value of the dollar with the value of coinage in Zimbabwe , that dilutes our money supply .
We lose country over our economy .
And economic liberty is inextricably entwined with political liberty .
Once you lose your economic freedom , you lose your political freedom .
And then we are no more , as an exceptional nation , as we always have been .
So this is imperative .
This is my second posts about jQuery Tips and Tricks .
If you missed my first post , you might want to read it now useful and handy jQuery Tips and Tricks .
This time , I found some performance tuning , element manipulations tips and tricks that I believe will able to help you develop a more effective and efficient jQuery script .
Enjoy !
1 . No conflict - mode
To avoid conflict when you are using multiple libraries in a website , you can use this jQuery Method , and assign a different variable name instead of the dollar sign .
Using jQuery with other libraries
var $j = jQuery.noConflict ( ) ; $ j ( '#myDiv ' ) .hide ( ) ;
2. Total of selected elements
It return the number of elements that are selected by jQuery selector .
Using length method will return the size of array which is equal to the number of selected objects .
$ ('.someClass ' ) .
length ;
3. Let Google host jQuery for you
There are advantages to let Google host jQuery .
Some of us may not know , it actually provides better caching , increase parallelism and decreased latency compared with hosting it locally .
Find out more about it : 3 reasons why you should let google host jQuery for you
< script src= " http://www.google.com/jsapi "></script> < script type =" text / javascript " > google.load ( " jquery " , " 1.2.6 " ) ; google.setOnLoadCallback(function ( ) { // Code to be inserted in this area } ) ; </ script > /* the best way ( fastest and most efficient implementation ) */ < script type =" text / javascript " src= "
http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.2.6/jquery.min.js "></script> < script type =" text / javascript " > $ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { // This is more like it ! } ) ; </ script >
4 . Check if checkbox is checked
j Query provides us 3 ways to determine if a checkbox is checked .
How to check if checkbox is checked
// First way $ ( ' #checkBox ' ) . attr ( ' checked ' ) ; // Second way $ ( '#edit-checkbox -id ' ) .is( ': checked ' ) ; //
Third way $ ( " [ : checkbox ] : checked " ) . each ( function ( ) { //
Insert code here } ) ;
5 . How to disabled / enable an element with jQuery
// To disable $ ( '.someElement ' ) .attr( ' disabled ' , ' disabled ' ) ; //
To enable $ ( '.someElement ').removeAttr(' disabled ' ) ; // OR you can set attr to " " $ ( '.someElement ' ) .
attr( ' disabled ' , '' ) ;
6 . Improving jQuery code performance
Selecting an element using ID is faster than selecting classname .
jQuery Performance Analysis of selectors .
update : apparently , jQuery 1.3 has a big improvement on this .
So , I guess this tips only suitable for old browsers and jQuery 1.2 or below .
Thanks Karl for the information .
/* ID */ $ ( " #myid " ) . html ( ) ; /* is faster than class */ $ ( " .myclass " ) . html ( ) ;
If you use a classname , the jQuery will perform better if you attached the element to the class name .
A good practise when selecting a class :
$ ( " ul.myclass " ) ; /* is faster than this */ $ ( " .myclass " ) ;
7. Javascript Error Checker
Debugging javascript script can be extremely time consuming .
So , if you running out of ideas what is causing the errors , you can use this free online tool JSLint
8. Disable jQuery animations
This will disable all jQuery animations if it 's set to true .
jQuery.fx.off = true ;
9. IE Rendering problem in fadeIn effect
If you used the fadeIn effect in ie6 before , you probably able to notice how urgly it looks .
The text does n't render the way it should .
To solve this , you need to remove the filter attribute
//
This causes this text glich $ ( " #message " ) .fadeIn ( ) ; //
This will fix it $ ( " #message " ) .removeAttr( " filter " ) ;
10 . Check if jQuery.js is loaded
/* Method 1 */ if ( jQuery ) { // jQuery is loaded } else { // jQuery is not loaded } /* Method 2 */ if ( typeof jQuery == ' undefined ' ) { //
jQuery is not loaded } else { // jQuery is loaded }
11 . Add an icon for external links
This trick is pretty simple and good for usability .
If links are linking to external website , an image will be displayed next to the link .
Dynamically add an icon for external links
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( ' # extlinks a' ) . filter ( function ( ) { return this .
hostname && this .hostname !== location.hostname ; }).after ( '
' ) ; } ) ;
MORE TIPS AND TRICKS ARE WANTED !
I hope this list will able to help you .
If you have some tips and tricks that you want to share with all of us .
Please leave in comment . : )
Thanks !
Reference
jquery - howto.blogspot.com
How to Decrease Server Issues from Web Hosting Search
learningjquery.com
It 's one of those wildlife stories where hardly anyone involved ends up happy with the outcome .
And these days , that generally means lawsuits .
Almost extinct in 1974 when it was placed on the endangered species list , the Rocky Mountain gray wolf has made such a comeback , says the US Fish & Wildlife Service ( FWS ) , that it was officially delisted earlier this week ( except for Wyoming , where it remains a protected species – more on this in a minute ) .
The FWS is happy because the gray wolf population has recovered .
" Currently , there are at least 1,645 wolves in the NRM [ Northern Rocky Mountains ] living in about 217 packs , " it reports .
But ranchers and farmers are n't thrilled , to say the least , by an increase in gray wolves in their region .
Their feelings of many are summed up in an opinion piece by Bill Moore at OregonLive.com , Wolves : Ranchers deserve to protect their property .
According to the FWS 's figures : " Since 1987 , confirmed kills by wolves total 1,109 cattle , 2,133 sheep , 115 dogs , 21 llamas , 28 goats , and 10 horses , " and the " rate of kill " is increasing , although the level is lower than predicted .
But many environmentalists also are n't happy that gray wolves are no longer protected by the endangered species list ( the delisting upheld a last - minute decision by the Bush administration ) .
The announcement by the Interior Department " drew protests , including a letter signed by 225 scientists , saying the wolf population had n't grown large enough , " says SFGate .
Groups such as the Natural Resources Defense Council say that the wolves are going unprotected too soon .
“ Last time the [ Fish & Wildlife ]
Service removed legal protections , there was an all out war on wolves in the weeks that followed , ” said Louisa Willcox , director of the NRDC ’s office in Livingston , Mont .
“ We are so incredibly close to fulfilling the conditions necessary to declare the wolves ’ comeback as complete , but this move threatens to undo what should be an incredible conservation success story . ”
CommonDreams.org reports this comment from Suzanne Stone , Northern Rockies representative for Defenders of Wildlife :
" All the reasons why this plan was a bad idea when the Bush administration proposed it still stand today .
Idaho , which hosts the majority of the region 's wolf population , has already publically announced its desire to aggressively reduce its state wolf population once federal protections are lifted .
Today , there are at least 25 packs on the short - list that may be targeted for removal .
...
Delisting the wolf at this point in time completely undermines the serious work , consideration and cooperation among all stakeholders that is necessary before being able to objectively declare the gray wolf recovered . "
So a group of 12 environmental groups plans to sue Interior Secretary Ken Salazar to return the gray wolf to the endangered species list .
Something similar happened two years ago when a trio of animal - advocacy groups – The Humane Society of the United States , Help Our Wolves Live , and the Animal Protection Institute – sued the FWS to prevent it from removing the wolves from gray wolves from the endangered species list in Minnesota , Wisconsin , and Michigan .
( Brad Knickerbocker provides some excellent background on this ongoing saga in a 2008 Monitor article . )
Add Wyoming to the list of those filing lawsuits .
The gray wolf remains federally protected in Wyoming because , the FWS says , the state lacks a management plan it considers appropriate .
The Associated Press reports what that means :
The service " rejected the state 's plan for a ' predator zone ' where wolves could be shot on sight .
Wyoming Gov. Dave Freudenthal and a coalition of livestock and hunting groups have announced a lawsuit against the federal government over the decision . "
A Wyoming newspaper article suggests that Wyoming 's status could hurt its ranchers when dealing with predator wolves .
Feelings run strong on both sides :
" Wanna Shoot a Wolf ?
Come to Idaho , " shouts Mother Jones magazine .
" Idaho Governor C.L. Butch Otter repeated his wish to be the first in his state to get the wolf hunting tag so he can try to shoot one of the wolves , " says RedOrbit . " ' The fish and game population is really counting on a robust population of trophy animals to maintain that part of our economy , ' he said . "
Probably the only thing sure at this point is that we 'll be hearing much more about gray wolves .
NBA reviewing actions of Kobe , Fisher , Artest and Alston
Update : The NBA suspended Fisher and Alston one game each .
Kobe was n’t suspended — shocker !
Stu Jackson is a busy man today .
He ’s responsible for reviewing the tape and doling out the suspensions and fines , if necessary .
Apparently , he ’s looking at four different plays from last night ’s action : Rafer Alston ’s slap to the back of Eddie House ’s head , Derek Fisher ’s premeditated shoulder block on Luis Scola , Kobe Bryant ’s flying elbow to the neck / chest of Ron Artest , and Artest ’s subsequent confrontation with Kobe when he was ( somehow ) called for the foul .
From the replay , it looked to me that Alston was responding to an elbow from House as House celebrated his made shot .
House is a pretty annoying player — in fact , my buddy LaRusso pretty much despises him — and the little elbow to the gut was like salt in Alston ’s wounds .
Technically , he did n’t throw a punch , which is why there ’s a question about whether or not he ’ll be suspended , but you ca n’t go around slapping people in the head .
If they do suspend him , I hope they fine House for instigating the event with the elbow .
It was bush league .
I wrote about the Rockets / Lakers “ chippiness ” last night , and my feelings have n’t changed much .
I think Fisher should be suspended for a game due to the premeditated nature of the hit he laid on Scola .
Jackson should also take a hard look at Kobe ’s elbow because it looked intentional and up in the neck area .
As for Artest , I do n’t think he should have been ejected as he did n’t throw any elbows or punches , and the decision to eject him probably cost the Rockets any chance they had at winning the game .
Between the foul call on Artest and his ejection , it was n’t the best moment for that officiating crew .
One thing is for sure — the Rockets and Lakers are already sick of each other , and we ’re still very early in the series .
If this thing goes six or seven games , expect a lot more of this kind of action .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A car driver has crashed into crowds watching a Dutch royal parade , killing five people , in an attempted attack on the royal family , officials say .
The car careered into a monument metres from an open - topped bus carrying Queen Beatrix and members of her family .
The royals , who were unharmed , watched in horror as the car ploughed into bystanders in Apeldoorn , about 90 km ( 56 miles ) east of Amsterdam .
Officials said the 38 - year - old driver had suffered life - threatening injuries .
We 're speechless that something so terrible could have happened
Queen Beatrix
In pictures : Dutch parade crash Prosecutor Ludo Goossens said the man , who is a Dutch national , would be charged with attempting an attack on the royal family and murder - if he survives .
" The man indicated that his action was aimed against the royal family , " Mr Goossens told journalists in Apeldoorn .
After searching the car and his home , investigators ruled out terrorism as a motive and said it appeared he had acted alone .
' Bewilderment and disbelief '
Members of the royal family were shown looking on in horror as the battered car rammed spectators before crashing into the stone monument .
In a televised address , Queen Beatrix called the incident shocking , and said everyone would empathise with the victims and their families and friends .
The royal family looked horrified as the events unfolded " What began as a great day has ended in a terrible tragedy that has shocked us all deeply , " she said .
" People who were standing close by , people who saw it happen on television , all those who lived through it , must have looked on with bewilderment and disbelief .
" We 're speechless that something so terrible could have happened . "
Cynthia Boll , a photographer at the scene , told the BBC the car was already badly damaged before it slammed into the crowds at high speed .
" There were people everywhere , you could definitely see that it was serious because everywhere was blood and shoes ripped off and all the people giving CPR , " she said .
Other witnesses described people being flung into the air as the car crashed through the throngs who had turned out to see the queen .
Officials said two men and two women died at the scene of the incident , while another person died later in hospital .
Taken by surprise
The crowds were celebrating Queen 's Day - a national holiday in the Netherlands when thousands of people take to the streets to mark the queen 's official birthday .
Hundreds of police officers were on duty in a huge security operation that took months to plan .
But the authorities said they were taken completely by surprise when the small black car smashed through a security fence and into the crowd of people .
Following the incident , flags were lowered to half mast on government buildings across the country and all planned celebrations were called off .
Witnesses said the streets of Apeldoorn were now deserted .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Some demonstrators in Geneva on Saturday condemned Israel Washington has confirmed it will boycott a UN forum on racism in Geneva next week because of differences over Israel and the right to free speech .
The state department said the proposed text of the conference 's guiding document remained unacceptable despite having been amended significantly .
The US and Israel quit a similar forum in Durban in 2001 when its draft document likened Zionism to racism .
Current language about " incitement to religious hatred " also alarms the US .
The five - day Durban Review Conference is due to open on Monday .
EU diplomats were still consulting on Saturday on whether to attend the conference .
Canada and Israel said earlier that they would not attend .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has stirred outrage by previously calling the Holocaust of the Jews a " myth " , is the only prominent head of state so far scheduled to attend .
' Serious concerns '
The state department said it was " with regret " that the US had decided to boycott the conference .
" The text still contains language that reaffirms in toto the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action [ DDPA ] from 2001 , which the United States has long said it is unable to support , " it said in a statement .
" Its inclusion in the review conference document has the same effect as inserting that original text into the current document and re-adopting it .
" The DDPA singles out one particular conflict and prejudges key issues that can only be resolved in negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians .
" The United States also has serious concerns with relatively new additions to the text regarding ' incitement ' , that run counter to the US commitment to unfettered free speech . "
Internal debate has raged in the US for weeks on whether to attend , the Associated Press news agency reports from Washington .
Pro-Israel groups vehemently opposed participation while human rights advocates and organisations like TransAfrica and members of the Congressional Black Caucus thought it was important to attend .
Immediately after the announcement , Democratic Congresswoman Barbara Lee , who heads the black caucus in Congress , said the group was " deeply dismayed " by the boycott .
" This decision is inconsistent with the administration 's policy of engaging with those we agree with and those we disagree with ... " she said .
" The US is making it more difficult for it to play a leadership role on UN Human Rights Council as it states it plans to do .
This is a missed opportunity , plain and simple . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Wells Fargo ’s acquisition of Wachovia was the biggest bank merger in US history .
The merger was finalized in the fourth quarter of 2008 and with the joining they had 6.1 billion in charge - offs .
So how do you come back from that and what does that mean to us – the taxpaying citizens who are bankrolling these institutions ?
A few things need to happen to turn the financial industry around and with it our economy :
First we need credit flowing , if banks do n’t lend businesses do n’t grow , people wo n’t spend , and homes can not be bought and sold .
Second we need banks to be profitable again , they need to have capital , they need to have sources to get their capital from and they need to be able to sustain themselves without the governments help .
Third we need to see these banks grow .
We have lost institutions , seen mergers , and most if not all have shrunk which means they laid people off .
If we can get banks growing again we will put people back to work with jobs and lending resources .
Finally we need the banks to build back the trust they lost .
If we do n’t find a way to support our lending institutions we will not see a sustainable growth which means a longer recession and possibly another decline .
Where is Wells Fargo seeing their profits come from ?
Well Wells Fargo owes a big thanks to their Wachovia merger .
" This was the deal that made them , " said banking industry consultant Ken Thomas of Wells Fargo 's acquisition of Wachovia , citing its strong franchise value and small businesses lending operation .
" It was a very good decision by Wells Fargo .
Wachovia could not have survived on its own .
They had a run on deposits . "
According to Howard Atkins in a CNBC interview today Mortgage business is booming , deposit inflow is good , there is good volume and profitability .
The housing market is not out of the woods yet , but Wells is seeing good activity most notably in California .
Wells Fargo had 190 billion in mortgage applications in the first quarter , a good majority of that from California .
They closed loans for 800,000customers across the country , with California being a big percentage of those loans .
Atkins says
Wells is extending a lot of credit , trying to keep credit flowing , and their losses are behind them .
With this news Wells Fargo stock surged up 25 % today .
Atkins plan to keep them going ; “ extend credit , be profitable , and grow ” .
Sounds good to me !
This news from Wells Fargo has already stimulated a good day on Wall Street , its shares , according to BBC News , led US banking stocks higher and helped to push the broader Dow Jones average up 2.3 % .
Bank of America shares gained 20.7 % , Citigroup rose 8.5 % and JP Morgan climbed 11.4 % .
For you and I this means some people may have gained back some of their 401K , mutual fund , and stock losses today .
The hope from news like Wells Fargo ’s profitability will go a long way in changing our perceptions of how our economy is progressing and how soon we will see our way out of this downturn .
As we know perception often times dictates our actions , so as our outlook changes so too will our spending , hiring , and growth potential .
So let us hope that Wells Fargo is only the first this quarter to give us good news , and we see more announcements like this throughout the next two quarters .
By Bridget Ayers owner of GSW Consulting who blogs at
The Get Smart Blog
Resolving the Python TCO Problem
The BDFL of Python has recently stirred up a hornets nest when he fully explained why the so - called ‘ tail call optimization ’ will never be in Python .
Lovers of functional languages have responded , and I think we ’re all the wiser for both of their points of view .
Guido ’s post mentions the accusation that Python is becoming the “ Basic of the Future ” , which the author responds might be more of a badge of honor than a derogatory statement .
This is because Python was originally conceived as a teaching language , and you can see that much of what Guido does in design work is to strive to make Python as easy to learn and understand as possible .
His biggest overall gripe about TCO is that it screws up stack traces , and it is only useful in a handful of circumstances anyway .
In a way , this can be expected .
After all , part of the Zen of Python is that “ Explicit is better than Implicit ” .
Behind the scenes optimizations are a good example of the implicit things the BDFL is looking to prevent .
So lets make TCO no longer an optimization .
Let ’s just simply talk about tail calls , and the optimization is simply a side effect .
Much of what Joe Marshall talks about refers to the power of tail calls , mainly via continuation passing .
It makes certain ideas very easy to implement .
Perhaps the reason Guido believes there is little use for continuation - passing style constructs which Joe brings up is because it is a newer idea , and quite frequently , new ideas are completely useless until we find a use for them .
And then they explode into a world in which we ca n’t remember living without them .
I ’d propose a change to the Python language that makes tail calls explicit , backwards compatible and , in my opinion , Pythonic .
That is to say , in the same pattern that other interesting function / control flow mechanisms have been implemented .
Check out the following example , which I ’m not going to give as anything fancy , because it ’s pretty obvious and simple what I ’m after .
Let ’s compare a normal recursive function call in our extended Python to a tail call version .
def func( recursiveFunc ) : return recursiveFunc ( )
That ’s our current vanilla implementation .
Nothing really to see here , except that it ’s inefficient yet easy to debug .
Now the tail call version :
def func( recursiveFunc ) : continue recursiveFunc ()
The use of continuations is very explicit , which is in the Zen of Python .
But how else is it really Pythonic ?
Compare a tail call function to a Python generator , which were added to the language more recently :
def sillyIterator ( lst ) : for elem in lst : yield elem
The yield keyword was introduced for generators ( and extended to allow for co-routines ) as a different mechanism of returning a value from a function with interesting control flow .
The language identifies functions that yield values instead of returning them and behind the scenes turns those into generators .
Is it implicit ?
Not really – you can see from the code itself that it ’s a generator .
It yields .
Likewise , the new use of the ‘ continue ’ keyword would also signify the function is using a ‘ continuation ’ .
Does this work ?
Can we ‘ abuse ’ ( if you want to call it that ! ) the ‘ continue ’ keyword like this ?
I ’m no expert , but in the current Python standard , I believe continue , like break , is meant to be and is always used as a standalone statement in loops .
It takes no ‘ arguments ’ , and thus , if we added it to the language in the way I ’m proposing , it ’d be easy for the parser to tell when we ’re continuing in a loop versus continuing from a function ( a continuation ) .
If we ’re in a loop and we simply continue , we go back to the top of the loop .
If we continue with an argument , then we ’re using a function as a continuation .
Can there be ambiguous uses ?
First of all , using recursion in a loop probably does n’t happen as much as you think because people who think recursively hate loops and people who use loops hate recursion ( I keed ) .
But secondly , no , there is no ambiguity .
A continuation only makes sense with a function as its argument .
There can be no ‘ continue ’ statement in a recursive call that passes nothing – that does n’t make any sense .
There is a clear deliniation between using continue to return to the top of your loop and using it for continuation passing .
If you want a recursive call to simply return nothing , then use a return statment with no arguments .
This mixing of continues and returns parallels with how generators mix yields with returns .
What if I write a loop and I mean to call a function as a continuation but I leave the function off ?
Then , yes , this will use the loop - style continue .
But it ’s a parse error anyway , and if you were n’t in a loop , the function would n’t even make sense .
The opposite , somehow accidentally adding an argument to a continue statement you meant to use as a loop - style continue would also be an error , although it would be easier to catch since only a few things would be able to be used as a continuation ( any fully evaluated callables , to be specific ) .
We ca n’t design all potential bugs out of the language , but the potential for ‘ continue ’ accidents happening is pretty small , and mixing intricate loop logic ( continue is pretty rare as it is and only shows up in more complex loops ) with intricate functional logic ( continuation passing , like any other tool , has specific uses ) either means you ’re in over your head and doing it wrong anyway , or potentially awesome , in which case you wo n’t make any errors .
Is this really abuse ?
I ’d argue no .
Both the concept and the name flow from the word – continue obviously looking very similar to ‘ continuations ’ , which is what we ’re doing , and the idea of ‘ continuing ’ on to a different function also makes intuitive sense rather than returning the value of that function evaluated , signified with the ‘ return ’ statement .
More importantly , it does not differ that much from the way the keyword is already used .
Just as many claim most recursive calls can be turned into loops , it also seems altogether poetically just that loops and recursion have other similar concepts .
In this case , continuing in a loop means return to the top of the loop , continuing in recursion means go back ‘ up ’ to the next function .
If you were to use a ‘ trampoline ’ similar to what Guido has suggested in his post , continue would practically mean the same thing and have the same effect .
Putting the continue statement in a loop that simulates a trampoline does the same thing as a continuation in a function – we pass control onto the next function in the line in either case .
Kinda .
If you squint at it funny .
Just as some have claimed continuations are the ‘ goto ’ of functional languages , it ’s ironic that the continue statement started out its own life as a replacement for ‘ goto ’ in loops .
They ’re parallel constructs and its altogether too fitting to just use the same keyword to do both .
Python is a learning language , but learning procedural code is not where we ’re headed .
In the future , students and amateurs are going to need to learn functional style as well as imperative style , and as such , Python should be their introduction to both .
It already handles the paradigm quite well .
The ‘ self ’ argument to methods is quite functional ( in my own opinion ) , as it allows methods to be passed around like first class objects without being tied to an object .
Generator expressions too are rather functional , yet these things are easy to learn and very Pythonic .
Why not continuations too ?
But explicit – it ’s better than implicit , and in a style that already fits into the way Python has expanded in the past towards different ways of returning from functions .
With the keyword , it suddenly becomes ok to optimize behind the scenes because the user knows its a tail recursive call .
The parser too can annotate information in the callstack to make it easier to debug .
After all , the yield statement makes debugging slightly more difficult , but is still in .
Do n’t make it an optimization , make it a feature , and settle this whole debate .
ADVERTISEMENT
Key CIA torture memos will be released John Byrne
Published : Thursday April 16 , 2009
Print This Email This UPDATE ( at bottom ) : Obama says the law requires memos to be released
The Obama Administration is likely to redact key elements of several " torture " memos promulgated by the Bush Administration which dictated which techniques could " legally " be applied during prisoner interrogations .
Two officials told the Wall Street Journal Wednesday that " certain operational elements " of the program are to be kept secret , as well as what techniques were applied to particular prisoners .
Most likely to be kept from the spotlight is details in a still - classified memorandum which approved a method in which a prisoner 's head could be struck against a plywood wall " as long as the head was being held and the force of the blow was controlled by the interrogator . "
Such a technique was outlined in an International Red Cross report that was leaked to a reporter at the New York Review of Books .
That story told of guards tying towels around at least two prisoners ' necks and hurling them against a plywood wall , among numerous other macabre torture techniques .
Marc Ambinder , a veteran correspondent for The Atlantic , reported Wednesday that senior Administration officials " said that the Journal story does not reflect the current state of thinking , [ but ] would not disclose what decisions had been made . "
" Holder , the attorney general , and others have argued internally that most of the information contained within the memo has already been released , " Ambinder wrote .
" The ACLU and other civil liberties groups have obtained more than 100,000 pages of formerly secret documents .
The International Committee of the Red Cross 's damning report on detention and torture was leaked to reporter Mark Danner last month ; federal prosecutors and senior military officials have acknowledged , in detail , that not only were prisoners in CIA and military custody tortured , but described the means used to torture them .
" Others , knowing Washington 's ways , believe that if the CIA is worried that some of the torture methods are truly gruesome , well , that 's exactly the first bit of information that an enterprising official will leak , " Ambinder added .
" More headlines will be made . "
An announcement on the release of the Bush - era torture memos is expected today .
UPDATE : Obama says the law requires memos to be released
" President Barack Obama says the release of legal opinions governing harsh questioning of terrorism suspects is required by the law and should help address ' a dark and painful chapter in our history , ' " according to an Associated Press report .
" Obama issued a statement accompanying Thursday 's release of four significant memos written by the Bush administration in 2002 and 2005 .
The president said that the interrogation techniques outlined in the memos ' undermine our moral authority and do not make us safer . ' "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Just got around to watching part of the first season of “ In Treatment , ” the popular HBO series about a psychotherapist and his patients .
My initial impression is : there is no way I would ever try to get help from that guy .
It is very hard to write compelling psychotherapy fiction .
On the one hand , you would like the dialogue to be true to both the real complexity of patients and their problems , and to what real therapists might try to do to help .
On the other , you generally need the therapy scenes to advance some kind of bigger plot — find the killer , show how a woman struggles against an oppressive society , see if a Mafia don will ever give up his evil ways .
It ’s not always easy to balance that out , particularly in film and TV , where producers and directors have a phobia against the “ talking heads ” thing .
( They assume that two people just sitting and talking will bore the audience , so they always have shrinks or patients jumping up and staring out the window , or taking bathroom breaks in the middle of sessions , or patients fondling the knickknacks on the shrink ’s bookcase — or the shrink .
I can tell you that in over 20 years of doing therapy , I ’ve never gotten up to stare out the window during a session , and neither did any of my clients .
I recall only a couple of “ bathroom emergencies ” and nobody messed with my knickknacks , in any sense of the term . )
But aside from all the inaccurate writing about what happens in the room , the biggest difficulty writers generally have with TV or movie shrinkage is the really , really low levels of responsive listening the shrinks do .
Therapists butt in before patients get a chance to say very much at all about their difficulties .
TV shrink “ writers ” have learned that therapists are somehow never supposed to “ give advice ” and to always , always , always “ answer a question with a question . ”
And so watching TV shrinks is generally all about people popping up and down , patients trying to be understood while the “ wiser than thou ” shrink asks clever questions to prove that the patient is actually wrong about , well , everything .
Finally , of course , the therapist is often such a newbie that any hint of , say , the patient having an actual feeling about them triggers a major crisis that forces the shrink back into therapy of their own .
( Where , if we ’re lucky , as in “ In Treatment , ” we learn where they probably learned all those awful habits . )
And yes , every single one of these common therapeutic offenses happens in the very first week of the “ In Treatment ” show .
The therapist sort of tries to look like a really good listener , but clearly his heart is n’t in it .
By the end of an hour , he talks as much or more as the patients , who are generally realistically frustrated at his being such a pain in the head .
People bop up and down and fondle his knickknacks , and the shrink answers questions only with exasperating questions of his own .
The real problem with all that stuff is that it shows therapists as being remarkably poor in basic social intelligence .
Because a core part of SI is being able to tune in to both the words and the feelings of another person .
That takes patient listening to patients , not interrupting .
( Maybe that ’s why the poor people who have to put up with the shrinks are called “ patients ” ?
It sure takes a lot of it sometimes . )
Whether you are someone ’s shrink , their friend , their boss or their mother or dad , most of all , people want to finish telling you their story .
The whole story .
( Or as they say in court , “ the whole truth ” [ though in fact , lawyers are generally pretty good at making sure you only tell the part of the “ whole truth ” that helps their case .
But that ’s a topic for a different blog . ] )
If you really want to “ help ” someone , just be quiet .
Make eye contact .
Do whatever it takes to really understand the entire story , situation , feeling , as seen through their eyes .
Do n’t be super worried about what you are supposed to say .
Believe me — you will do much more for them and for your connection with them than you ever imagined , if you just give them the rare experience of listening .
In real life , a really good therapist may say three sentences , tops , in many sessions .
Sometimes even those three sentences are n’t all that necessary .
But the listening , the eye contact , the feeling it the way the other person does — priceless .
***
[ A related post on my other blog : Doctor Mustard , In the Consulting Room , With Words ]
In last week ’s column I described how Bill Irvine uses radio astronomy techniques to detect and identify organic compounds in interstellar space .
Why is it so important for the origin of life on Earth that organic compounds are scattered throughout our galaxy ?
The reason is that they represent a possible source for the organic compounds required for life to begin , delivered by a rain of comets and dust particles after the moon - forming event .
The alternative source is synthesis by chemical reactions on the Earth ’s surface .
We do n’t yet know which source was primary , but we do know one thing with certainty : ALL of the carbon atoms present in living organisms were delivered to the early Earth during accretion , which is a fancy name for the process by which gravity makes planets out of interstellar dust and planetesimals , including comets and asteroid - sized objects roaming around in the early solar system .
Because accretion and the moon - forming event were such violent , high energy procesess , at first any organic carbon compounds were broken down into gases such as carbon dioxide .
But after our planet reached its final mass with oceans and atmosphere present , we are also certain that intact organic carbon compounds continued to be delivered .
We know this because it is still happening today , although much less frequently than four billion years ago .
Infrared astronomy is also used to learn about the chemistry of interstellar space , and this is Lou Allamandola ’s research specialty .
Organic compounds diffusing as gases in the vacuum of space absorb light in the infrared region .
We ca n’t see infrared energy , but sensitive instruments can measure the spectrum , which gives us information about the source .
Allamandola and his colleagues at NASA Ames observed the spectrum of light from stars that passed through the edges of molecular clouds and discovered a strange infrared absorbance peak with a wavelength of 3.4 micrometers .
In the laboratory , this peak could be produced by light passing through a gaseous mixture of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAH ) , so a reasonable conclusion is that the peak is due to PAH molecules .
We really do live in an organic universe .
Simulating interstellar cosmochemistry
How could all this stuff be synthesized in the cold vacuum of interstellar space , and how did it get into meteorites ?
That question is the focus of studies carried out at NASA Ames Research Center in Mountain View California .
Louis ( Lou ) Allamandola was inspired by the pioneering work of Mayo Greenberg in the 1960s , who became convinced that interstellar dust was more than just an annoying fog that frustrated astronomers as they attempted to visualize faraway stars .
Dust , in fact , could provide a place for water , ammonia , carbon dioxide , methanol and other gaseous compounds to come together in one place , rather than roaming endlessly as lonely molecules in interstellar space .
Furthermore , after the gases formed a thin film by condensing on the dust particles , the concentrated chemicals could be acted upon by photons of high energy ultraviolet light , and the activated molecules then had the potential to react and form more complex molecules .
Finally , when the dust gathered into a solar nebula during the early stages of solar system formation , they carried the carbon compounds with them , which would explain how complex organics become components of meteorites and comets .
But how to test this hypothesis ?
That ’s where a simulation became essential .
Lou Allamandola worked with Scott Sandford , Max Bernstein and other talented young scientists at NASA Ames to build a simulation of dust grains being acted upon by ultraviolet light .
They could not actually simulate dust particles , which are microscopic in size , so Lou decided to use a smooth metal surface cooled to the temperature of interstellar space by liquid helium .
The metal is in a vacuum chamber , and small amounts of water vapor , ammonia , and methanol are injected into the chamber where they condense on the ultracold metallic surface to form a thin film of mixed ice .
A high intensity UV laser light was directed into the center of the metal surface with its frozen film .
Then they waited for days and even weeks , condensing several million years of time in a molecular cloud into a fraction of a human lifetime .
Finally the light is turned off , the vacuum is released and the metal surface slowly returns from the deep chill of outer space to that of Mountain View , California , increasing over 300 degrees C in just an hour or so .
At the start of the experiment there was nothing in the chamber except four simple gases .
If no reactions occurred , the gases would evaporate along with the film of ice , and the metal surface would be just as clean as when it started .
But something did happen .
Instead of a shiny surface , the metal was coated with a thin yellowish film , just a few micrograms .
In his earlier experiments Mayo Greenberg called the product “ yellow stuff , ” perhaps revealing the fact that he was an astronomer , not an organic chemist .
Lou , Max and Scott analyzed their yellow stuff and found all sorts of interesting complex molecules , including the amino acid glycine in one of their more recent experiments .
In 1990 , Lou showed me some of the product on the metal surface .
I could see droplets that reminded me of the droplets of “ yellow stuff ” I extracted from the Murchison meteorite .
I asked Lou to do a run , but to use an organic solvent , chloroform , instead of water to rinse the surface .
A few days later , I had a small sample of material to work with .
Lou and his co-workers had already analyzed compounds in the film and established that quite a few water - soluble compounds had been synthesized .
As a membrane biophysicist , my first question was whether there were any components that were NOT soluble in water , which is why I suggested using chloroform as a solvent .
The easiest way to check this was to dry some of the chloroform extract on a glass slide and add a dilute solution of lightly alkaline buffer , just as I had with the Murchison extracts .
When I looked at the material under the microscope the results were astonishing .
Not only were there water - insoluble products , but they self - assembled into obvious vesicular compartments , just like the Murchison extracts !
This meant that not only had the UV photochemistry produced complex products , but some of them had the properties of hydrocarbon derivatives that allowed them to form cell - like boundary membranes .
I showed the micrographs to Lou , but at the time there was no context that allowed us to attach any significance to the observations , so it was just a curiosity .
But then , a few years later , astrobiology appeared on the scene as a program supported by NASA , and the link became obvious according to the following logic :
Life requires membranes ; meteorites contain compounds that can form membranes and deliver them to the Earth ; the parent bodies of meteorites in the asteroid belt are composed of dust with organic components produced by UV photochemistry in the molecular cloud .
Suddenly we had a narrative that made sense .
In 1998 , Jason Dworkin completed his PhD at UC San Diego under the guidance of Stanley Miller and decided to come to NASA Ames to carry out his post - doctoral research .
What a rare opportunity !
We had Lou , Scott , and Max , all astronomers with an interest in interstellar organics , we had Jason , fully versed in prebiotic chemistry , and I could add my own background in membrane biophysics to the mix .
Something good had to happen .
Jason was the lead member of the team , producing and analyzing tiny amounts of organic compounds in the simulator that had been assembled by Lou and Scott , and I was able to observe the self - assembly process by microscopy .
The result was a paper , Self - assembling amphiphilic molecules : Synthesis in simulated interstellar / precometary ices , in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences with Jason as first author .
The take home message is that carbon anywhere , even in interstellar space , can form compounds that are relevant to life on the Earth , some of them even capable of self - assembly into cellular compartments .
Several readers had very thoughtful comments related to last week ’s column .
Patrick asked whether “ bootstrap ” molecules like uracil and organic phosphate compounds can be synthesized in volcanic regions , and Gerhard proposed that icy conditions might promote interesting prebiotic reactions .
Gerhard also noted that life uses only a miniscule fraction of all possible proteins , then suggested that some sort of evolutionary selection of successful molecules could explain why this is .
Next time around I will address these comments .
I think I heard the quiet tinkling sound of an unacknowledged breakthrough last week : a statement that could make the difference between success and failure at December 's crucial climate talks in Copenhagen .
One of the issues that could sink the talks is the question of " outsourced emissions " .
This refers to greenhouse gases produced in one nation on behalf of another .
The UK , for example , is comfortably meeting its commitments under the Kyoto protocol only because much of our manufacturing industry has moved to China .
Under Kyoto rules , the pollution produced by Chinese factories making goods for the UK belongs to China .
The protocol counts only the production , not the consumption , of greenhouse gases .
China says this is unfair .
Around half the recent increase in its emissions arises from the manufacture of goods for western markets .
This pollution should , it says , belong to the consumer nations , not the producers .
A successor to the Kyoto protocol which did not recognise this would punish China for our consumption .
The rich nations have been furiously resisting this idea .
That 's not surprising : a study by the Stockholm Environment Institute for the British government suggests that carbon dioxide emissions caused by the UK 's consumption increased by 18 % between 1992 and 2004 , even as our production emissions fell .
Had the Kyoto agreement measured consumption , not production , the UK would be missing its targets by a very long way .
I 'm with China .
Greenhouse gas emissions are rising because consumption is rising .
Unless we address this , we cannot prevent climate breakdown .
It does n't matter where production takes place : the problem is that we are consuming too much .
During the panel discussion that followed a screening of the eco film Age of Stupid last week , I asked Lord Stern about this .
His answer surprised and delighted me : it represents a dramatic departure from the policy of the government with which he has worked so closely .
Here 's what he said :
It is a point that the Chinese authorities make very clearly and strongly and I think that it 's a very sound one .
My own view is that we need a combination of the two things .
If you move to a different kind of division of labour where another country , in this case China , starts to make things that we might have made , and therefore has that production process in the emissions occurring there , rather than their own country , then we 're jointly responsible for that and both parties gain from the division of labour .
That 's what trade is all about and that 's why trade can help development .
So my own view is that we probably need something like an average of the two , or a combination of the two .
But the logical point China makes is that there is a definite responsibility with the consumer and not just with the producer is a sound one .
When Stern talks about these matters , governments listen .
If he is prepared to pursue this proposal - that outsourced emissions should be shared between producers and consumers - there 's a good chance that it could be adopted at Copenhagen .
It is surely the most realistic way to break the deadlock .
Monbiot.com
Editor explains why he thinks GOP is ' blackmailing Obama ' David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Tuesday April 7 , 2009
Print This Email This According to Scott Horton at the Daily Beast , Republicans are trying to blackmail President Obama over his predecessor 's ' darkest secrets . '
By vowing to filibuster Obama 's nominees if the torture memos are released , they pose " a serious threat to Obamas transparency , " he wrote .
Monday night , MSNBC host Rachel Maddow spoke with Chris Hayes , Washington , D.C. editor for The Nation , about the Republican strategy .
" A reliable Justice Department source advises me that Senate Republicans are planning to ' go nuclear ' over the nominations of Dawn Johnsen as chief of the Office of Legal Counsel in the Department of Justice and Yale Law School Dean Harold Koh as State Department legal counsel if the torture documents are made public , " wrote Horton .
" The source says these threats are the principal reason for the Obama administration 's abrupt pullback last week from a commitment to release some of the documents .
A Republican Senate source confirms the strategy .
It now appears that Republicans are seeking an Obama commitment to safeguard the Bush administration 's darkest secrets in exchange for letting these nominations go forward . "
After rolling through a laundry list of Obama nominees who are in limbo , Maddow asked Hayes , " Is this a lot of high profile nominees being held up at once ?
It seems like a lot to me . "
" You know , it 's difficult to make these apples to apples comparisons because the political context changed so much from 1992 to say , 2000 , " Hayes replied .
" But I think it 's safe to say that very early in a president 's term , particularly if it's a very popular president , there 's a tremendous amount of resistance . "
In 2000 , he said , many progressive activists were upset with Democrats for allowing many Republican nominees .
" John Ashcroft is the one that comes to mind , " he said .
" I think we 've seen an evolution in that process , such that we 're seeing far more obstructionism now from the GOP . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Apr. 6 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Friday in the Czech Republic , Czech police detained a foreigner on suspicion of Thoughtcrime .
The foreigner in question is former KKK leader David Duke who was arrested and later deported for the Thoughtcrime offense of denying the Holocaust .
Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke was detained by police in the Czech Republic on Friday on suspicion of denying the Holocaust .
Police spokesman Jan Mikulovsky said the action was taken because Duke does that in his book “ My Awakening , ” which is punishable by up to three years in Czech prisons .
Duke traveled to the republic to promote the book ’s Czech translation of the book at the invitation of neo -Nazis .
The thought of arresting someone , even a person whose views on the Holocaust and on Jews and other non-whites is hideous like David Duke , for having a belief is repugnant .
Especially in a supposedly free country and NATO member like the Czech Republic .
Arresting people and deporting them for thoughtcrimes is the hallmark of totalitarian regimes .
Is not forgetting the pain and suffering the Nazi tyranny imposed on Czechs the reason behind this law ?
Instead , this law has been enacted and enforced in the spirit of that same Nazi and later Communist tyrannies that enslaved Czechoslovakia .
The Holocaust denial laws are a violation of basic freedom of speech and freedom of thought and should be repealed .
The hideousness of the Holocaust can stand up under any scrutiny the Holocaust deniers bring forth .
Also , the lack of response by the United States Department of State toward this violation of Duke ’s human rights is appalling .
If this was an American promoting democracy in say China and they were expelled for the Thoughtcrime of promoting democracy by the Chinese government , the State Department would be raising hell .
Why the silence in this case ?
Finally , one thing I noticed in the comments to the original article is the calls by the fascist left in America for similar crimes in this country .
I thought leftists were for free speech ?
Wikia Search simply did not attract enough users
Wikia Search , a project created by Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales with the aim of creating a community - led search engine , has been ditched .
He announced the decision to " close the doors " on the project in a blog post .
Wikia Search " has not been enjoying the kind of success that we hoped for , " said Mr Wales .
He blamed the recession for his decision to withdraw funding but promised to continue as a " cheerleader " for alternatives to Google .
" I personally believe in the opportunity for free software to make serious inroads into the search space .
In a different economy we would continue to fund Wikia Search indefinitely , " he said .
No profit
Instead he will refocus efforts on social network Wikia , which , in common with all Wiki projects , has a community - driven content approach .
According to internet measurement firm Nieslen , Wikia is now the fifth faster growing online community in the US .
Wikia Search was first announced in 2006 and went live last year .
As with the Wikipedia encyclopaedia which brought Mr Wales to prominence , the emphasis for Wikia Search was on user - contributed content .
It let anyone rate and filter its search results .
In an interview with the BBC when the site went live Mr Wales promised it would be " completely controlled by the community of users " .
Unlike Wikipedia , Wikia Search was always intended to be a profit making business , with money coming from advertising .
In his interview with the BBC Mr Wales played up the role of users as editors but said there were no plans to allow them to claim a share in the revenue .
Wow .
This has got to be the best Craigslist ad ever :
With those cold depressing days of winter behind us , if you ca n’t frolic through the wildflower fields of Southern California , then what better way welcome the warm weather than sprucing up your boring apartment with a little spring decorating .
Hurry now because this original Samantha H. coffee table wo n’t last long .
What ?
You ’ve never heard of the Samatha H. collection ?
Maybe that ’s because you ’ve never been to a brothel or visited enough public bathroom stalls where you surely would have seen her name etched on the wall .
Samantha H. is my ex-girlfriend and two weeks ago I plowed her on top of this coffee table before she squeezed her fat ass back into her size 12 jeans and went out to the Pig ’N Whistle and banged my best friend ( who she ’s now dating ) .
Do n’t let the glass top fool you .
It ’s 3/8 ″ thick , can take a pounding and cleans up fast ( personally I suggest 409 ’s spermicidal - antibacterial all surface cleaner ) .
Update :
It looks like the original Craigslist ad got flagged and is no longer up , but you ’ve got the full text to read , in all its glory , above .
Edit : Changed the name in the above to only include a last initial .
HANOI
Vietnam is a nation crisscrossed by rivers and streams and has one of the longest coastlines in the world :
Water is everywhere , yet there is hardly a safe drop to drink , with even much of the bottled water contaminated .
In early 2009 tests by health officials showed widespread contamination of municipal tap and bottled water :
High levels of nitrates and arsenic , which can cause cancer , were found , as was e-coli , which causes diarrhoea .
Tran Van Nhi , a scientist at the Vietnam Institute of Biotechnology , told IRIN Hanoi's water was heavily contaminated with ammonia : " It is 6 - 18 times higher than the allowed level . "
A small amount of ammonia is not toxic but when it reacts with certain other substances , it can convert to a carcinogen , according to Nhi and other scientists .
Nhi also found arsenic levels two to three times higher than acceptable World Health Organization standards .
Most residents boil drinking water as a matter of course , even though high temperatures do not remove arsenic or dangerous heavy metals .
Bottled water
In recent years , as incomes have risen , more people have been buying bottled water .
Twenty - litre jugs that sell for around 50 US cents are affordable for most Vietnamese .
However , tests on hundreds of brands across the country reveal that bottled water cannot be trusted either .
Dozens of samples failed safety standard tests in Ho Chi Minh City in March 2009 .
" We detected bacterium in our samples , mainly coliform and Pseudomonas aeruginosa , " said Le Truong Giang , deputy director of the city 's health department .
Pseudomonas aeruginosa can lead to sepsis and death .
At the last count 38 water - bottling firms had been ordered to close in Ho Chi Minh City , 12 in central Quang Ngai Province , and at least a dozen in Hanoi .
In June 2008 , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) reported that 20,000 people living in Vietnam die each year from contaminated water and poor sanitation .
Nguyen Thi Minh , a housewife living in Hanoi , is worried .
She has read media reports about contaminated tap water .
She is not sure what ammonia or arsenic are but her family decided to switch to bottled water because it does not produce a scum when boiled .
" Now it turns out the bottled water is not safe , " Minh told IRIN .
" What can we do ? "
" Consumers should ... choose reliable brand names , " Giang of Ho Chi Minh City 's health department told IRIN .
The only way to be truly safe , he added , is to boil the bottled water , too .
Nguyen Ton , chairman of Vietnam 's Water Supply and Sewage Association in Hanoi , pointed out that water quality ultimately depends on readily available clean water sources : " Rivers are heavily polluted , killing even the fish ...
This affects the quality of the final product [ water ] even after processing . "
A community meeting outside Hanoi .
Increasingly , Vietnamese of every income level are turning to bottled water Vietnam Brennon Jones / IRIN A community meeting outside Hanoi .
Increasingly , Vietnamese of every income level are turning to bottled water Health L’eau en bouteille , insalubre aussi A community meeting outside Hanoi .
Increasingly , Vietnamese of every income level are turning to bottled water
Photo : Brennon Jones / IRIN
Old pipe networks
Ton also said antiquated water pipes leading from treatment plants to individual households leak , enabling dangerous contaminants to leach in .
The long - term solution is to upgrade municipal water supply systems but this requires massive investment .
" Water treatment plants can't meet water demand in the big urban areas , " said Ton .
" From now to 2020 , Hanoi [ which currently produces 600,000 cubic metres of water a day ] will have to produce more than one million cubic metres , " to meet demand , he said .
The need to nearly double current capacity will require investment in infrastructure that Hanoi cannot afford , according to Ton .
mao/bj/cb
Levi Johnston says that he might pursue legal action against the Alaska governor 's family .
Levi : The Palins ' blew us off '
The father of Sarah Palin 's grandchild said Wednesday night that he might pursue legal action against the Alaska governor 's family , who he says has cut off communication with him and is no longer letting him see his son , Tripp .
Levi Johnston said during an interview on CNN's " Larry King Live " that he has hired an attorney in hopes of compelling former fiancée Bristol Palin to honor his visitation rights .
Advertisement
Johnston last saw his 4 - month - old son " a couple weeks ago , " he said , adding that going over to the Palin household to see Tripp is " an uncomfortable thing . "
Despite his threat of legal action , Johnston insists that he does not " want to stir anything up . "
“ We 're not in a big fight with the Palins , " he said .
" I still like the family very much and think we can work things out . ”
Palin spokeswoman Meg Stapleton issued a statement ahead of the interview , saying that " Bristol is focused on going to college , raising Tripp and advocating abstinence . "
The teenage father acknowledged his relations with the Palin family were rocky following Tripp 's birth but said that things really turned south after his appearance on the " Tyra Banks Show . "
“ My dad talks to Todd [ Palin , Sarah Palin 's husband , ] a lot , ” he said , “ and after I did that first interview with Tyra , he now just does n’t call .
They blew us off . ”
Stapleton knocked Johnston over the Banks appearance , releasing a statement saying the Palin family was " disappointed that Levi and his family , in a quest for fame , attention and fortune , are engaging in flat - out lies , gross exaggeration and even distortion of their relationship . "
" It is unfortunate that Levi finds it more appealing to exploit his previous relationship with Bristol than to contribute to the well - being of the child , " she added .
On Wednesday , Johnston disputed Stapleton 's charge that his decision to speak about his past relationship is motivated by desires of fame .
“ I did n’t ask to be thrown into this .
I ’m not out there looking for fame .
I just want to get my story out there , ” he said .
“ I have n’t made no money yet . ”
Johnston told King that he agreed with Bristol 's assessment that abstinence is " unrealistic " but resisted the host 's attempts to learn more about the circumstances that led to the pregnancy .
Asked if Tripp was conceived in the Palin house , Johnston replied : “ You know , Larry , I ’m a gentleman . ”
Adventures in the quotemines of Oz
The Australian , commonly referred to as the Oz , is Australia ’s only national general [ 1 ] newspaper .
It ’s also been , for some time , a national joke , particularly among bloggers , for its continuous War on Science , particularly as related to climate change , and for its propensity to melt down in response to criticism from blogs and media critics .
Last week , I added a bit of fuel to the fire with a column in the Australian Financial Review attacking the delusional thinking behind claims that the science of climate change is a hoax , fraud or conspiracy , which included the following passage :
While most media outlets give at least some space to these conspiracy theorists , the central role has been played by The Australian .
Not only its opinion columnists ( with a handful of honorable exceptions ) and its editorials , but even its news reporting is dominated by the idea that mainstream science is on the verge of being overturned by the efforts of a group of dedicated amateurs , publishing their findings not in the peer - reviewed literature but through blogs , thinktanks and vanity presses
That looked a bit different when it came out of the quote mine .
Reading their latest installment in the War on Science ( from William Kininmonth ) I was surprised , to put it mildly , to find myself quoted as an authority for the proposition that
mainstream science is on the verge of being overturned by the efforts of a group of dedicated amateurs
In the spirit of sceptical inquiry , I ’m not jumping to conclusions about the Oz itself on this one .
Opinion editors rarely fact check their columnists , and on one memorable occasion back in the Tom Switzer era , reader Terje Peterson managed to elicit a correction from Janet Albrechtsen after a team effort here demonstrated that one of her columns was based on a misreading of statistics .
In the hope of a double , I ’ve written to the Oz , asking for a correction in the following terms :
In “ Cold facts dispel theories on warming ” William Kininmonth attributed to John Quiggin the claim that “ mainstream science is on the verge of being overturned by the efforts of a group of dedicated amateurs ” .
Quiggin does not hold this view , and the article in question referred to such claims , propagated by Kininmonth and others in the pages of The Australian , as displaying “ a large dose of delusion . ”
So , we ’ll see what they have to say .
Either way , anyone who thought Kininmonth deserved to be taken more seriously than , say , Lord Monckton , will have to think again .
fn1 . The Australian Financial Review , for which I write , is roughly equivalent to the Financial Times or ( except for the totally wingnutty Oped pages , which AFR dispensed with a decade or so ago ) the WSJ .
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi , founder of transcendental meditation , claimed his techniques gave practitioners access to the “ quantum field of cosmic consciousness ” ( Image : CSU Archives / Everett Collection / Rex )
Anyone tempted to replace religion with fuzzy notions about quantum mechanics should read this robust debunker ( Image : Prometheus Books )
QUANTUM mechanics is remarkably weird : even though it is well understood mathematically and can produce accurate , ultra - precise predictions , nobody really knows what it means .
This leaves lots of room for people in search of the spiritual – and who are not burdened by any knowledge of mathematics – to impose on it whatever quasi-religious beliefs or interpretations they like . …
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A battery - powered 268 - horsepower two - seat sports car is in line to become Chrysler LLC 's first electric car , provided the carmaker lives to see another day .
To survive , help is needed from Italy 's Fiat but , as negotiations with the Italian automaker bog down and the two week deadline to hammer out a partnership approaches , the company 's future - as well as its aspirations for an electric hot rod - are increasingly in doubt .
Chrysler 's first electric car , set to be introduced late next year around the same time as General Motors ' Chevrolet Volt , will be a sports car with a zero - to - 60 time of under five seconds and a top speed of 120 miles per hour .
Following that , according Chrysler 's filings , will come electric - powered cars , SUVs and crossovers , some based on Fiat vehicles , according to the " viability plan " Chrysler submitted to the Treasury Department .
While Chrysler has still not officially announced any of these details , the carmaker 's viability plan listed an " EV Roadster " as a future product for 2010 .
That would be the Dodge Circuit , a car that Chrysler unveiled at the 2009 Detroit Auto Show in January and which is now prominently displayed at the New York Auto Show .
The Circuit will be a purely plug - in car - there will be no gas tank or gasoline engine at all - with an expected range of 150 to 200 miles on a full charge .
Power will come from a 200 kilowatt , or 268 horsepower , electric motor .
" This vehicle is so light it does n't even require power steering , " said Chrysler spokesman Nick Cappa .
Cappa would not comment on how closely Chrysler will adhere to the plan laid out in the government filing , so he could not confirm that the Circuit will be the first Chrysler electric car .
Executives insist the program is on track , generally speaking , and Chrysler will be ready to produce cars on time .
" To be able to meet a 2010 timeline , you have to be pretty far along in development , and right now we are , " said Lou Rhodes , head of Chrysler 's electric car program , in a recent CNNMoney.com interview .
The Circuit is similar to the Tesla Roadster , a $ 109,000 sports car produced by a small California company .
Pricing for the Circuit has not been announced but will likely undercut the Tesla .
Meeting fuel efficiency standards
Besides the obvious public relations value - and there will be a ton of that - electric cars like the Circuit could help Chrysler meet stricter fuel economy standards .
Corporate Average Fuel Economy ( CAFE ) rules are , as the name implies , based on an average fuel economy of all the vehicles a manufacturer sells .
A few electric cars added to the mix will really boost that average , making things easier on the gasoline - powered side of the ledger .
In its March 30 " Determination of Viability , " the Treasury Dept. said that Chrysler " will struggle to meet proposed fuel - efficiency standards . "
These electric cars will go a long way to solving that problem , said Chrysler spokesman Nick Cappa .
" What we have , going forward , is a plan that will meet our CAFE needs without an issue , " he said .
The carmaker recently announced a deal with battery maker A123 Systems to manufacture lithium - ion battery packs for the full line of electric - powered cars Chrysler hopes to make .
The plan is to produce the battery packs as modules that can be easily combined and arranged for different uses in a variety of vehicles .
In total , Chrysler plans to come out with 5 electric car models by 2012 .
Some will be electric - only , others will be extended - range vehicles in which a gasoline engine will generate electricity on board after about 40 miles of driving on a fully charged battery .
They will also differ greatly in terms of vehicle type .
Possibilities include a minivan and an Jeep Wrangler - like off - roader .
A performance vehicle like the Circuit is about more than just fun , insisted Cappa .
It 's part of a strategy to cover a variety of market needs with electric vehicles built around a common , flexible battery technology .
The key component is a stackable battery pack that can be combined like building blocks to create larger or smaller battery packs of different shapes depending on need .
" The whole idea is that this is technology you can adapt to any existing niche , " he said .
Leaning on Fiat
Some of these electric vehicles will be based on Fiat products .
A Fiat - based battery powered small car is slated for production shortly after the Circuit , according to Chrysler 's viability plan .
Further out , a Fiat - based extended range electric compact SUV - which will also be offered as a gasoline - powered vehicle - is planned for early 2012 .
Other Fiat / Chrysler hybrid and electric cars and SUVs are planned after that .
Despite the ambitious nature of Chrysler 's program and the number of models involved , it might be too little , too late under even the best of circumstances , said industry analyst Bill Pochiluk of Automotive Compass LLC .
By the time these cars hit the market , General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) will be in production with the Chevrolet Volt range - extended electric car and Ford ( F , Fortune 500 ) will have its own plug - only compact car .
They will also compete against new hybrids from Ford , Toyota ( TM ) and Honda ( HMC ) , which are entering the market now .
" At this point in time , I think it 's very difficult for Chrysler to be competing when all you have is a 'me , too ' product , " said Pochiluk .
World Health Organization -
Tracking the Progress of H1N1 Swine Flu Flu Tracker -
A world map showing confirmed swine flu cases .
Influenza Activity in Canada - PHAC FluWatch Reports Public Health Agency of Canada ( PHAC ) - A detailed daily update of swine flu cases in Canada .
Latest report - April 10 to 16 , 2011 ( Week 15 )
Evolution of H1N1 virus provides clues for researchers AsiaOne Health - Researchers have discovered that heightened mutations of a deadly flu virus caused it to be resistant to anti-viral drugs .
Some 180 nations and territories take part in UN - backed immunization drive UN News Centre - Some 180 countries and territories are for the first time carrying out simultaneous United Nations - backed immunization campaigns this week , targeting diseases such as influenza , measles , polio and tetanus .
Pandemic review committee defends WHO response CIDRAP News -
An external committee reviewing the World Health Organization 's ( WHO's ) performance during the H1N1 pandemic released a preview of its findings today , which defends the WHO against criticism that it overstated the pandemic threat and recommends that it take several steps to improve future response .
New H1N1 Mutation Could Allow Virus to Spread More Easily ScienceDaily -
In a new study from MIT , researchers have identified a single mutation in the H1N1 genetic makeup that would allow it to be much more easily transmitted between people .
The finding , reported in the March 2 edition of the journal Public Library of Science ( PLoS ) One , should give the World Health Organization , which tracks influenza evolution , something to watch out for , says Ram Sasisekharan , senior author of the paper .
Adult Immunization Rates Improving , but Slowly International Medical News Digital Network - Adult immunization rates in the United States are improving but very slowly , according to new data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released on Nov. 17 .
CDC reports two swine - related H3N2 infections CIDRAP News - The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) today announced two human infections with a swine - related novel influenza A ( H3N2 ) virus , both of which involved exposure to pig settings and fit the profile of the few similar cases it sees each year .
111 H1N1 deaths in past one week in India : Govt .
NetIndian News Network -
As many as 111 people have died of influenza A ( H1N1 ) in India in the week ended September 19 , an official statement from the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare said here today , quoting information received from the States .
U.S. doctors working while sick : study The Associated Press -
More than half of U.S. doctors in training who responded to a survey said they have shown up sick to work at least once , and almost one - third said they have done it more than once .
Misplaced dedication and fear of letting other doctors down are among the reasons cited in a new study as possible explanations for why medical residents choose to expose their patients to germs .
Disinfecting hand gels do n't affect swine flu infection rate AFP - The regular use of alcohol - based disinfecting hand gels authorities recommended during the A( H1N1 ) pandemic has little effect on the disease 's infection rate , according to a study published Sunday .
The findings suggest that the pandemic virus and similar strains may be most effectively transmitted in the air , rather than by contact with infected surfaces , the authors of the study said .
China to boost surveillance of superbug that resists antibiotics CNN - China 's capital will step up surveillance of antibiotic - resistant bacteria in response to a superbug that first emerged in South Asia and is spreading globally , state media said .
H1N1 2009 Swine Flu Complications No Worse Than Seasonal Flu , US Medical News Today - A US study of flu cases in adults and children living in Wisconsin concluded that the risk of serious complications from 2009 H1N1 swine flu was no higher than the risk of serious complications from recent seasonal flu strains .
More Seniors Get Flu Shot After Personalized Reminders , Provider Urging Medical News Today - Personalized post cards or phone calls can be effective in encouraging more seniors to get their annual flu shots , according to a new review of evidence .
Pandemic over , it 's a normal flu season : Plenty of vaccine should be available The Washington Post - Remember the lines last winter for hard - to - find flu shots , the closed schools and the craziness about an H1N1 pandemic ?
Health officials say all those are things of the past :
The pandemic is officially over , there 's plenty of vaccine available already , and this year , one shot will deal with most of the different flus expected this winter .
Bi-weekly updates on the global trends of influenza outbreaks from the WHO .
A cave complex blasted out of the rocky coastline on China 's southern island province of Hainan is home to one of the newest and potentially most lethal weapons in Beijing 's arsenal : a home - grown submarine designed to launch nuclear - armed ballistic missiles .
So when the USNS Impeccable , a U.S. surveillance ship , was snooping in the area last month , China set a trap .
Five Chinese vessels crowded around the U.S. ship .
Crew members hurled chunks of wood into the Impeccable 's path and used poles to try to snare its acoustic equipment ....
Oops !
Sorry , we still have n't found what you 're looking for we still have n't found what you 're looking for
It might help to start from the home page or navigate using the menus
It might help to start from the home page or navigate using the menus
Heated words about " sauna "
In the Apr. 14 installment of Jef Mallett 's comic strip " Frazz , " the title character ( an enlightened school janitor ) argues over the proper pronunciation of the word sauna with Caulfield ( a young student at the school ) .
In the first panel , Frazz " corrects " Caulfield 's pronunciation of sauna , though we do n't yet know how since the word is spelled the same way in both speech balloons .
The second panel elucidates the distinction Frazz is trying to make by way of pronunciation spellings : Frazz explains , " It 's pronounced sow - na , " presumably indicating / ˈsaʊnə / to match the pronunciation of sow meaning ' female hog , ' not sow meaning ' plant seeds . '
He continues , " You said saw - na , " suggesting a pronunciation of / ˈsɔːnə / with a first syllable like the word saw .
( I 've represented the vowel in saw with the IPA symbol for an open - mid back rounded vowel , but American pronunciations can differ quite markedly from this , particularly among speakers with the cot - caught merger . )
When Caulfield stakes a laissez - faire position on pronunciation in the third panel ( " It 's just sounds " ) , Frazz pretends to agree .
Then he gives Caulfield a taste of his own medicine in the final panel by intentionally mispronouncing his name as " cow field , " shifting the /ɔː / in the first syllable of Caulfield to / aʊ / and vocalizing the /l/ for good measure .
Hoisted on his own petard , Caulfield objects to the mispronunciation and presumably learns a valuable lesson about the perils of permissivism .
But wait ... among Americans , who pronounces sauna as / ˈsaʊn ə /?
This was the question raised by Washington Post columnist Gene Weingarten in his online chat of April 18 .
The " Frazz " strip was ripe fruit for Weingarten , combining two of his favorite topics : daily comics and language use .
( The previous week 's chat contained discussion of Jesse Sheidlower 's piece in Slate about the controversy over the New York Times crossword puzzle using the word scumbag , with forays into the putative offensiveness of dork and schmuck . )
Weingarten launched this opening salvo in his chat :
I now direct your attention to last Friday 's Frazz , which contains a perfecty good gag , well told , and beautifully drawn , as Frazz always is .
Does anyone notice a small problem with this cartoon , namely that ITS ENTIRE PREMISE IS WRONG ?
Every source I have consulted pronounces the word , foremost , SAW - na .
Some say it is also SAH - na .
Most do n't even list SOW - na .
We are all patiently waiting for Jef Mallett to explain himself , as we are sure he will .
Since Weingarten and Mallett are old friends , it was n't long before the cartoonist himself weighed in :
Jef explains himself :
Gene checked every source for the pronunciation of sauna EXCEPT for the people who invented the damn things , and use them the right way , and sell and maintain them , and ... and eat lutefisk on purpose .
I 'm not sure that last bit helps in the credibility department , but hey .
Nordics of the world , stick up for me .
In my experience , this is actually kind of a sticking point for Scandinavians , with whom I share some heritage whenever it 's convenient or flattering .
In my experience , which I seem to be compiling at an alarming rate , I 'm also finding that it 's a good idea to run to the dictionary and check even those " facts " that seem obvious to me .
That , or stop drawing a comic strip that asks its readers to do it every so often .
I stand humbled and chastised .
I promise to avoid such inexcusable lapses from here on .
Because my only alternative is to draw a crass , crude comic strip for the simpler folk , and I promised [ " Pearls Before Swine " cartoonist Stephan ]
Pastis I would n't horn in on his territory .
The Finns and Swedes and Norwegians are still encouraged to give Gene hell and salvage a little bit of my day , though .
I 'm off to flog myself with birch branches .
Mallett is quite ready to fall on his sword , accepting Weingarten 's appeal to lexicographic authority .
But perhaps he should have put up more of a fight , since Weingarten overstates his case about the accepted pronunciations of sauna .
True , most if not all dictionaries list / ˈsɔːnə / as the primary pronunciation , but most also include / ˈsaʊnə / ( or something close to it ) as a secondary choice .
This is true of the major collegiate dictionaries from Merriam - Webster , American Heritage , Oxford American , and Random House .
The Oxford English Dictionary lists the pronunciations as ( ˈsɔːnə , ǁˈsɑuna ) .
According to the OED 's special characters page , the double - pipe preceding the secondary pronunciation ( charmingly labeled " tramlines " ) represents an " alien status marker , " so it appears to indicate the proper Finnish pronunciation before being nativized into English phonology .
The / ˈsaʊnə / pronunciation did get support from Scandinavians and other sauna snobs , much to Weingarten 's disbelief :
Porcupine , S.D. : The Frazz cartoon only proves that Mallett is a serious sauna junky .
The Finns , who invented the things , pronounce it SOW - na , and since it 's a Finnish word ( or rather , a Suomi one , to use the Finnish word for Finnish ) , that 's probably technically correct .
Does n't make the joke any better to anyone who has n't sat through a long lecture on the history of saunas by a Finn , though , I 'll give you that much .
Gene Weingarten :
But that 's ridiculous .
If we cared how things are pronounced in other countries , we would say " Osterreich , " instead of Austria , and pronounce everything the way the Brits do .
The Brits invented English .
SOWNA !: I can't believe I 'm finally seeing this in a public forum !
As a Finn who married an Irishman ( there has to be a joke there ) , it took me years to teach him to say sauna correctly .
Thanks Jef !!!!
Gene Weingarten : Good god , people .
Sowna is not correct , it is simply Finnish .
Mallett 's right about this pronunciation peeve being a " sticking point " for those of Nordic descent .
See , for instance , this discussion among " Yoopers " ( those hailing from Michigan 's Upper Peninsula ) , many of Finnish or other Scandinavian ancestry :
* Oh yeah - - nuttin like a nice hot SOW '- nuh when yer chilled to da bone by swimmin too long in da river or da Big Lake .
Slide over , kiddies , and make room for ole Toivo .
* ( Toivo 's right , it 's sow - na , not saw - na )
* And yes .... Do n't ever forget ... it is SOW -NA
* People out in the west will argue forever on that pronunciation of sauna .
They say SAW NAH .
And when you tell them it 's Sow - Na , they repeat SAW NAH .
They tell me I 'm wrong .
Then , I get my swedish secretary to say it for them .
* As a former inhabitant of the Left Coast , not only did I forever hear the name pronounced wrong , I was in constant argue with the majority of people who considered a " hot " sauna about 120 degrees F , when a true yooper knows you do n't even get good " laulua " until you exceed 160 degrees .
* Cracks me up / ticks me off how people here in Sconie are so adamant that it is saw - na and how people ( even of finnish heritage ) that say sow - na are wrong .
Try asking one what they call the minnow looking fishing lure ( Made in Finland ) .
Amazing how angry pronunciation can make these people !!
Yes , it is amazing how angry pronunciation can make people , especially when there are two conflicting claims to authority : in this case the authenticity of the Finnish - style pronunciation on the one hand , and the standard English nativization of the word ( as recognized by all major dictionaries ) on the other .
For the / ˈsɔːnə / crowd , the / ˈsaʊnə / variant sounds plain wrong , even when the Finnish origin is explained .
Meanwhile , the embattled minority sticking to / ˈsaʊnə / seem to treat the standard nativized pronunciation ( obviously modeled on such forms as fauna ) as an affront to their Scandinavian - American identity .
Call me a loosey - goosey latitudinarian , but I think there 's plenty of room for both variants without people getting too steamed about the difference .
[ Update # 1 : Emailed comments are arriving fast and thick here at Language Log Plaza .
First , Nicholas Sanders ( among others ) points out my sloppy usage of Scandinavian to encompass Finns :
Just one thing - Finland is not actually part of Scandinavia .
Nordic yes , Scandinavian no !
Sorry about that —
I was a bit misled by Jef Mallett 's use of the term .
But it 's fair to say that the pronunciation of sauna is a sore spot for those of Finnish descent and those of Scandinavian descent .
David Williams also catches the Scandinavian goof and raises a question about pronunciation spelling :
However hot and bothered the Fins might get about getting sauna right , it 's nothing compared to the scandal caused by calling them Scandinavians , as you and the quoted others seem to do in your recent post .
OED will back me up on this , but seems equally restrictive on " Nordic " , also used in your post , which I take to include Fins and Estonians as well as Scandinavians .
OED also seems to deprive Icelanders of a natural class .
BTW , I think there 's an interesting point to be made about amateur phonetic spelling in that cartoon .
The first time I read it I heard SOW as " to plant " , and so did n't get the joke at all , even wondering if anyone actually said SOH - na .
Even looking at it now I still have to think hard to hear the sound meaning " lady pig " .
Presumably for the author the default hearing is reversed .
For me the unambiguous phonetic spelling [ other than IPA ] is actually SAU - na , which is how it 's actually spelled .
Roger
Shuy writes :
I now take great pride in my Finnish pronunciation of that word ever since my Finnish friends pounded it into me during my visits there .
I guess they take pride in it too — one thing they have over us snooty Americans .
I hate to admit this but I can't think of many pronunciations that make me feel that I really " know " something that my listeners do n't .
But this is one .
Better than Latin words even .
The post also generated responses about other attempts at reproducing " authentic " pronunciations of loanwords into English .
Melissa
Fox writes :
At least those pronouncing the word ' sow - na ' ( I do n't have IPA in my e-mail , alas ) have a leg to stand on ( a couple of legs ! ) when they claim that 's how it 's pronounced in the language of those who invented it .
A friend of mine says ' haggis ' with the ' a ' vowel of ' father ' , which is just silly ; granted , the correct low - front ' a ' in Scots is more back than the equivalent vowel in most North American dialects ( my friend is from North Carolina , but if he were from Minnesota he'd no doubt say ' haygis ' ) , it 's still a recognizably different vowel than the low - back ' a ' .
' Hahgis ' , indeed .
I finally asked him where on earth he learned to pronounce the word that way , since no Scot I 've ever known has said anything of the kind , and he said Oh , that 's just how I pronounce it .
( One can only think of Alice saying to Humpty - Dumpty , " But ' glory ' does n't mean ' a nice knock - down argument ' ! " )
Bruno von Wayenburg chimes in from the Netherlands :
Your Language post about sawna vs sowna reminds me of a story by a Dutch newspaper correspondent in London , who was chronicling his blending in with the British .
He met with uncomprehending ( or even disgusted ? ) stares when he pronounced the famous Dutch name ' Van Gogh ' the Dutch way ( with plenty of throaty friction in the g's ) , instead of ' Van Go ' .
It would feel very awkward to apply the accent of the foreign language you are speaking to a name from your own language .
But apparently , the ( dare I say ) ' correct ' pronunciation still sounds sort of snobbish to English ears , even if they know you and Vincent are countrymen .
Later on , he noticed that the same thing goes for English French like ' deja vu ' or 'je ne sais quoi ' .
Pronouncing these in his best ( Dutch ) schoolboy French would raise eyebrows .
You 're supposed to say Dayzha Voo and Zhe ne say quah , except if you 're a snob , he concluded .
I wonder if a French speaker would get away with it .
Or does my correspondent just hang around with ubercritical ( glad I do n't have to pronounce that ) journalists too much ?
And from Jim Gordon :
Your comments begged a question ( or an entire discussion , perhaps ) , though :
If we should respect the original form of a word borrowed from another language , does that respect have to continue forever ?
When we take ownership after some period of time , are we allowed to impose an English or American pronunciation ?
And if so , why and when should we shift to the version preferred by the original owners ?
E.g. , look at the names of national capital cities such as Yangon or Mumbai .
Contrast those with antennas , octopuses , repertories , lox and gefilte fish , and anything that evolved from a precursor language .
You could even stray into looking at the effect on English of arbitrary " romanization " systems used to transliterate Chinese or Arabic or other languages .
And since you mentioned the NYT crossword , one of my cherished peeves is their willingness to use foreign words without accent marks that make a significant difference .
The prime example is " year , in Spanish . "
/ Ano / is different from / Año / .
Finally , another recent comic strip ( " FoxTrot , " Apr. 19 ) continues the theme of pronunciation pet peeves :
One wonders if the precocious character Jason has been reading Going Nucular by our own Geoff Nunberg . ]
[ Update # 2 : Two readers write in with surprisingly similar comments on the Finnish - Swedish sauna connection .
From Bertilo Wennergren :
There are several mentions of Swedes insisting on the " sow - na " pronunciation of " sauna " in English .
Being a Swede myself I 'm totally mystified by that , since in Swedish the word is " bastu " .
( It 's not really relevant now how " bastu " is prononunced since that 's a completely different word . )
As far as I know Swedes living in Finland say " bastu " as well .
The mistake of including Finland in Scandinavia has already been mentioned , but this seems to be another weird confusion that goes more or less in the other direction : treating Swedes as if they would speak Finnish .
And from Ken Arneson :
Just an FYI , the assumption that a Swede would have an opinion about the correct pronunciation for " Sauna " is incorrect .
The Swedish word for sauna is " bastu " .
Now , how in the world Swedish ended up with that word for it , I have no idea .
But the Swedish language seems to have a strong aversion to importing Finnish words .
Why ?
The Wikipedia entry for Finland - Swedish says :
Swedish as spoken in Finland is regulated by the " Swedish department " of the " Research Institute for the Languages of Finland " .
There is an officially stated aim that Finland - Swedish should remain close to the Swedish spoken in Sweden , thus the Swedish department strongly advises against loanwords and calques from Finnish .
So as a result , in Swedish , Helsinki is called " Helsingfors " , Turku is called " Åbo " , sauna is called " bastu " , and Nokia is called " Ericsson " .
( that last one 's a joke ... )
This article provides some fascinating history on the Finnish sauna , the Swedish bastu , and other Nordic baths . ]
Posted by Benjamin Zimmer at April 20 , 2006 01:31 AM
New Orleans
AS the swine flu threatens to become the next pandemic , the biggest questions are whether its transmission from human to human will be sustained and , if so , how virulent it might become .
But even if this virus were to peter out soon , there is a strong possibility it would only go underground , quietly continuing to infect some people while becoming better adapted to humans , and then explode around the world .
What happens next is chiefly up to the virus .
But it is up to us to create a vaccine as quickly as possible .
Influenza viruses are unpredictable because they are able to mutate so rapidly .
That capacity enables them to jump easily from species to species , infecting not only pigs and people but also horses , seals , cats , dogs , tigers and so on .
An avian virus responsible for the 1918 pandemic jumped first from birds to humans , then from humans to swine ( as well as other animals ) .
Now , and not for the first time , pigs have given a virus back to humans .
Image Credit ...
John Hersey
Mutability makes even existing , well - known flu viruses unpredictable .
A new virus , formed by a combination of several existing ones as this virus is , is even less predictable .
After jumping to a new host , influenza can become more or less virulent — in fact , different offshoots could go in opposite directions — before a relatively stable new virus emerges .
Recent research from the World Cancer Research Fund found that babies who gain weight too quickly in the first months of life could be more likely to be overweight later , putting them at risk of diseases including Type 2 diabetes , heart disease and cancer .
MEET JOY
Welcome !
This has been my little corner of the internet since 2008 !
I ’m a baker , photographer , cookbook author and teacher .
I live laugh love in New Orleans .
A seven - year - old French schoolgirl has been pulled from the clutches of a kidnapper by her classmates who kicked and punched the intruder until he fled , police say .
An unknown man accosted the child last Friday after slipping into the school playground in Plaisir west of Paris , offering the girl sweets to follow him .
When she refused , he tried to drag her into his car , but an eight - year - old classmate ran up and started kicking and punching the assailant , and tried to trip him up , local police inspector Heloise Gresy said on Thursday .
" There was lots of shouting , and a dozen other kids from the class came over and sent him fleeing , " she said .
Police , who have issued a search warrant , described the man as white with grey hair , a small beard and a white hat , driving a dark convertible car .
AFP
Posted on 06 March 2009 by Quaid
Sorry this is a few hours late going up … just about all of MovieChopShop took a break this evening to geek out on Watchmen .
More on that later , but now we have a new trailer for the J.J. Abrams directed Star Trek reboot / reimagining / sequel / parallel world thingy .
This looks like a whole lot of fun .
It looks like a good movie , and it looks like it ’s a great opportunity to see Kirk become Kirk .
What it does n’t exactly look like is a Star Trek movie .
This screams “ space opera ” much more than the original series or original films which were much more akin to a submarine film ( in my opinion ) .
Will this be another Star Wars style space epic ?
More action and explosions and harrowing moments ?
And if it is , does it matter as long as it is good ?
As a non-diehard Trek fan , I ’m honestly asking .
Without further ado , here you go .
“ I have never made one jar of jam with pectin , ” declared June Taylor , referring to the naturally derived thickener that is a staple of both industrial and home canning .
( It is called for in many recipes on the Agriculture Department ’s canning Web site , the National Center for Home Food Preservation , www.uga.edu/nchfp/, considered the most reliable resource . )
Pectin is present in most unripe fruits and many ripe ones , but Ms. Taylor , Ms. Mora and others consider the prepackaged stuff , available in liquid and powder form , unnatural .
Some produce their own pectin as cooks did for centuries , by boiling down the juice of green apples .
This is the method espoused by Christine Ferber , the French jam goddess whose tiny workshop at the eastern edge of Alsace is hallowed ground for lovers of fruit preserves .
( Her jams are sold at Pierre Hermé ’s pastry shops in Paris , and her book , “ Mes Confitures , ” begins with a recipe for green apple jelly . )
Even the pectin rebels generally follow the U.S.D.A. ’s strict guidelines for canning procedures , which have become even stricter over the last two decades .
“ After the 1970s there was a real crackdown , ” said Blake Slemmer , a lifelong canner and self - described “ homesteader ” in Atlanta who translates the detailed U.S.D.A. instructions into plainer language on his Web site , www.pickyourown.org.
Image Ms. Bone developed recipes using her creations , like poached pears with preserves .
Credit ... Evan Sung for The New York Times
“ In the 1980 ’s there was a hard look at the science , ” said Dr. Elizabeth Andress , director of the National Center for Home Food Preservation , who has worked with the U.S.D.A. for 25 years on developing the guidelines .
“ Canning is much safer and more reliable than when we began . ”
Current regulations forbid the simple open - kettle canning , in which hot food is spooned into hot jars , sealed , and left to cool .
Now virtually all food must be processed after it goes into the jar , and cooks are firmly discouraged from canning vegetables other than tomatoes .
( The high acidity of most ripe fruits helps discourage spoilers ; most vegetables have no such natural protection . )
But experienced canners say that the warnings unnecessarily discourage novices .
“ You should be clean , but you should n’t be paranoid , ” Ms. Mora said .
“ Imagine the conditions in which these techniques were developed . ”
Although the science of preserving does n’t change , tastes , economies and ideologies do .
Community canneries , where local farmers and cooks could once bring their produce to be canned , or do it themselves using large - scale equipment , have mostly disappeared .
But in the Hudson Valley , a group in Schoharie County recently received a grant to help open a new one .
Peter Pehrson , who is leading the project , said he was inspired and alarmed by the wasted produce on local farms that are geared for the commercial food market .
Evidently the piece caused a fury among journalists across the state of Kansas who immediately began calling the Moran for Senate Campaign asking questions .
The Topeka Capitol Journal quickly posted an article calling out the joke :
" The Kansas political world was nearly rocked this morning with shocking news posted on a Democratic blog .
The Web site www.kansasjackass.com filed an entry titled : " Moran withdraws from U.S. Senate race . "
Others followed quoting the campaign saying " Its an April Fools joke . "
But the Hutchinson Daily News went further interviewing the blogger himself :
" Jason Croucher , the blog 's author , said close readers of his post could clearly tell it was a joke .
He plans to add a disclaimer Thursday clarifying that it 's not an actual news item .
" On April Fool 's Day , it 's nice to have a little bit of levity injected into our politics , " Croucher said . "
The campaign then emailed the blog asking that the post be removed because it was untrue .
Instead the blog responded with a comment that Rep. Moran was incensed by the blog , which was tagged at the bottom with " April Fools Day " and as a result was announcing the 2009 USA Humor Rescission Act - also a joke .
That blog post also briefly quoted a portion of the lengthy email received by the blog .
The Moran campaign issued a statement clarifying that Moran was not dropping out of the race fueling the story even further .
The piece in the Hutchinson Daily News interviewed Rep. Todd Tiahrt 's campaign office who was quoted saying that perhaps the reaction of the Moran campaign indicated that the blog was hitting a little too close to home .
That quote , however , was removed in the morning piece , but this afternoon the Washington DC blog The Hill quoted below :
" One of the most frequent questions Congressman Tiahrt gets asked as he travels around the state is when do you think Jerry Moran will get out of the Senate race , " Tiahrt 's campaign manager , Robert Noland , told the News .
" Apparently there was a little too much truth in the April Fool 's Day joke for the Moran campaign to stomach . "
The Kansas Conservative Network Fearful
While all of this was occurring the leader of the Kansas Democratic Party , Governor Kathleen Sebelius was in Washington for her confirmation hearing , continuing days of questions about her qualifications and endorsements for her consideration for Secretary of Health and Human Services .
Many have speculated that Kansas Democrats will falter significantly with the absence of the Governor 's strong leadership .
But members of a conservative listserv
The Kansas Conservative Network discussed their fear of both KansasJackass.com and what they perceive as a left - wing conspiracy of Communists taking over after the Governor leaves .
The fact is that members of the political community , both democrats and republicans , have recently joined forces to create an open government wiki for Kansas government .
While it is still in its development stages , the wiki is a non-partisan project that makes it easier for regular citizens to find information about what is occurring at the state house each day .
But conservative republican activist " EFG " sent an email throwing fearful accusations and assumptions to his hungry friends .
We have now learned this is Earl Glynn who writes ( we found via google search ) the conservative blog Kansas Meadowlark .
The email alleges that the left wing radicals who are pushing for open government , are tied to organizations like Labor Unions and social outreach orgs who are pushing the minimum wage bill in churches .
He goes further saying that
" The left has at least 4 - 5 full - time folks who are all new media savvy .
@GPACEinKS is getting huge dollars to prevent a new coal plant and push wind energy no matter the cost .
@ KansasJackass is an LGBT activist , who is the left 's de facto leader on Twitter and through his blog . "
See the full email below ( click to make bigger )
Those of us who are a part of this so - called " left wing conspiracy " are excited to hear that our work is feared by the right .
They should be afraid of our outreach .
But they should n't be afraid by transparency unless they are doing something wrong .
Similarly , I think this is another example to the more establishment democrats who have in the past snubbed their noses at things like blogs and new media that are proving to be the one place where democrats can lead the movement .
In many ways new media has the power to be the Evangelicals of the Democratic Party in Kansas , bringing people together around a common cause .
We have the power to do so much , the tools are there , we simply need everyone to come together around the progress .
What is Polyamory ?
The concept of polyamory covers a great deal of semantic territory , and can mean very different things to different people .
Literally , it means " many loves " ( poly = many , amory = love ) , but both " many " and " love " need further clarification to accurately define the word polyamory .
An entire page ( Definition ) has been created for the express purpose of discussing the definition of polyamory and to capture the range of definitions in use .
Note that in many ways , a universal definition of polyamory is n't as important as one 's personal definition ( and the definitions of those with whom you may want to interact ) .
To address this , one of the recommendations associated with the Polyamory wiki is that interested individuals provide their own personal working definition of polyamory ( see these recommendations ) .
Polyamory in Culture
This page is found at http://www.cdc.gov/h1n1flu/investigation.htm.
Spain 's unemployment rate is nearly double the EU average
Spain 's unemployment rate hit 17.4 % at the end of March , figures have shown , with the jobless total now having doubled over the past 12 months .
In the past year , two million people have lost their jobs taking the total out of work to just over four million .
The Bank of Spain recently predicted the jobless rate would reach 19.4 % in 2010 , as the recession took hold .
" It is a terrible figure , " Octavio Granado , secretary of state for social security told state television .
He said the first quarter of any year was traditionally bad for employment in Spain .
Mr Granado also said that 2009 was expected to be the worst part of the economic downturn .
" So we are in the epicentre of the crisis .
We are in the eye of the perfect storm , " he said .
The National Statistics Institute said Spain 's jobless rate at the end of the first quarter was up 3.45 percentage points from the end of 2008 .
The BBC's Steve Kingstone in Madrid says the country has become used to grim unemployment data , but Friday 's figures are especially shocking .
Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero will hope that the government 's 70 bn - euro ( $ 92bn ; £ 63 bn ) stimulus package will now create new jobs - above all in public works projects due to begin this month , our correspondent says .
But critics say deeper reforms of the labour market are needed - to eliminate red tape , and reduce the costs of hiring and firing permanent staff , he adds .
Under the current rules , many employers prefer to offer temporary contracts to staff who are then let go at the first sign of trouble .
Youtube
Monday , May 18 , 2009
WeAreChange Ohio questioned Newsweek editor Fareed Zakaria at Mount Union College in Alliance , Ohio , about his attendance at the 2003 Bilderberg conference and the statements by General Hamid Gul on his CNN show .
When asked about the Bilderberg conference in Versailles in 2003 , Zakaria tried to downplay the importance of the annual meeting , which brings together many of the most powerful business , political and media figures from around the world .
Despite Zakaria ’s flippant remarks , evidence has come forth to support the contention that these leaders are assembled in order to march in lock - step on certain globalist policies – from the creation of the European Union and the Euro , to artificially - created fluctuations in oil and stock market prices .
Zakaria was also asked as to why there is a shroud of secrecy that surrounds the conference .
Zakaria responded that the meetings are off the record because it allows for “ freer and franker discussion . ”
In addition to his attendance at Bilderberg , Zakaria serves on the boards the Council on Foreign Relations , and the Trilateral Commission .
The CFR is instrumental in the unification of North America and managing the destruction of American sovereignty .
Ultimately , these groups aim to strip individual citizens of their legal rights .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Zakaria was also asked about the statements of Pakistani General Hamid Gul , who was once the head of the ISI .
On Zakaria ’s CNN program “ GPS ” , Gul emphatically stated that 9/11 and the Mumbai attacks in November 2008 were each an “ inside job . ”
Interestingly , Zakaria said that Gul implicated Mossad in the attacks of 9/11 .
In fact , Gul stated that it was perpetrated by the “ Zionists with the neocons . ”
One could say that it is implied that Mossad would act on behalf of Israel , but Gul did not specifically mention the intelligence agency .
Zakaria responded by referring to Gul as a “ crackpot . ”
Political and media figures often resort to name calling when they are opposed by a group of highly credible scientists , scholars , military officers and intelligence analysts that are in support of 9/11 Truth .
Burn After Building .
Due to a strange twist of fate and a couple of firecrackers , TVCC has moved out of the shadow of its big brother , CCTV .
In the coming days , experts of all stamps will tell us why and how it all happened .
In my understanding , TVCC was never a very lucky building .
Adjacent to one of the world ’s most ingenious and brutal buildings constructed in this era , it has always been overlooked , mocked , suspected of retardness and ugliness .
It be like this .
The news has been tweeted , blogged and published all over .
This morning there was nothing else to do than to go there and take pictures .
( Exactly two - months after we started “ Mocking the Monument ” )
Pictures by movingcities.org
Photo : Newscom
There was a time when Marc Dreier thought he could talk his way out of anything .
But by last fall , even he was scrambling .
Whenever the stylish , hyperaggressive 58 - year - old white - collar litigator turned around , clients and colleagues at Dreier LLP , the marquee Park Avenue firm he ’d built from almost nothing to 250 lawyers in just five years , were asking questions — about back rent , unpaid loans , depleted client escrow funds , documents of uncertain provenance .
What Dreier needed to make these questions go away , he knew , was money .
About $ 40 million , for starters .
On Tuesday , December 2 , Dreier boarded a private jet and flew to Toronto .
When he landed , a driver brought him to the financial district and pulled up to the stout , glass - encased Xerox Tower .
Dreier climbed out of the car and walked into the building .
He was expensively dressed , but short and perma-tanned , with a thatch of gray hair swept over a sizable bald spot .
He rode the elevator to the third - floor offices of the $ 100 billion Ontario Teachers ’ Pension Plan , one of the largest retirement funds in Canada .
Dreier had arranged a meeting with one of the plan ’s in - house lawyers , Michael Padfield , ostensibly to discuss business opportunities .
But Dreier had other motives , and the meeting lasted only briefly .
Before saying good - bye , Dreier asked for a place to wait until his plane was ready .
He was sure to take Padfield ’s business card .
Dreier dropped his things in a conference room , then went to the lobby , where he paced for an hour and eyed the entrance , until he spotted Howard Steinberg , an executive with a $ 34 billion New York hedge fund named Fortress .
Steinberg and Dreier had never met , but they had been in touch earlier , when Steinberg had been trying to confirm the authenticity of some documents Dreier had sent him , promissory notes said to be worth $ 44.7 million that Dreier was offering to sell to Steinberg .
When Dreier had told Steinberg the notes were guaranteed by the Ontario Teachers ’ Pension Plan , Steinberg had asked to meet with someone from the fund personally .
Dreier told Steinberg he ’d arrange a meeting with Michael Padfield .
Dreier worked Padfield ’s business card into Steinberg ’s hand .
Upstairs in the conference room , Dreier showed Steinberg some papers signed in Padfield ’s name .
But the meeting did n’t go as planned ; Steinberg sensed something was off , and Dreier ended the meeting abruptly and went straight for the elevator .
When he was gone , Steinberg approached the receptionist and asked her a simple question .
“ Was that Michael Padfield ? ”
“ No , ” said the receptionist , “ it was n’t . ”
We live in an age of white - collar villains .
But of all the financial bad guys out there , Marc Dreier is arguably the single greatest character of them all .
Bernie Madoff may have stolen more money .
Dick Fuld may have caused more systemic damage .
But it ’s Dreier alone whose story reads like the stuff of Hollywood .
Dreier is n’t just accused of swindling more than $ 400 million from thirteen hedge funds .
Prosecutors say he carried out the deception by inventing $ 700 million in financial assets out of whole cloth , staging fictional conference calls , and impersonating executives , sometimes personally , sometimes with the help of an associate , all while snapping up Warhols and waterfront homes , partying with pop stars and football players , and chasing an endless parade of much - younger women .
He also allegedly stole some $ 40 million from his clients ’ escrow accounts , a brazen legal sin .
Unlike Madoff , who worked from behind the scenes in the Lipstick Building , Dreier took a starring role in his own financial drama .
Where Madoff was outwardly quiet and self - effacing , Dreier was openly egotistical , even smug .
He seemed to think he could lie to his victims ’ faces and get away with it , to thrill , even , in the art of deceiving people .
It ’s been suggested that Bernie Madoff was a pathological liar .
With Marc Dreier , there appears to be little doubt .
Like any accomplished confidence man , Dreier had a signature modus operandi .
Just weeks before his Toronto performance , he had staged a similar show here in New York .
On Wednesday , October 15 , Dreier allegedly walked into the lobby of 9 West 57th Street , the tan , sloped skyscraper off Fifth Avenue , and took the elevator to the 45th - floor offices of the billionaire real - estate developer Sheldon Solow .
Although the two men rarely worked together anymore , Solow had once been one of Dreier ’s most valuable clients .
Dreier did n’t have an appointment , but he told the receptionist he did and she let him through .
Again , Dreier set up shop in a conference room , then returned to the reception area and waited .
Before long , a man about Dreier ’s age named Kosta Kovachev arrived .
For the past several years , Kovachev had worked as Dreier ’s aide - de - camp — employed not by Dreier ’s firm but personally by Dreier .
Dreier walked Kovachev to the conference room and left him there , then turned around and came back to the reception area to wait for his other guests .
Photo : Patrick McMullan
When the others arrived — two hedge - fund executives , both from the same firm — Dreier brought them to the conference room , where he and Kovachev fielded their questions .
At one point , Steve Cherniak , the CEO of Solow Realty , walked past , saw the meeting , and shrugged and went on his way .
But had he joined the meeting , he would have learned that the hedge - fund representatives believed they were there to see Steve Cherniak — the man they were told was sitting next to Marc Dreier .
Dreier had been running similar scams with different marks , prosecutors say , since 2004 .
Dreier would allegedly contact an investment fund like Eton Park , Fortress , GSO Capital , Westford Global Asset Management , Perella Weinberg , and , before it went under , Amaranth and say that his client , Sheldon Solow , was trying to finance his real - estate projects by borrowing money with promissory notes .
Dreier was n’t a financier ; he was a lawyer .
But he would tell people he was working as a marketing agent for his client Solow ’s securities .
Solow , it appears , knew nothing about what Dreier called the “ note program , ” but that did n’t stop Dreier from sending along various offering materials — information about Solow , phony notes and financial statements on fake letterhead from Solow ’s auditing firm , e-mails that he said had been issued by Solow , and so on .
Dreier and his accomplices forged the notes themselves , complete with the fake signatures of Solow executives .
If anyone asked to meet someone in the Solow organization , Dreier would arrange conference calls with people posing as Solow executives .
He set up phone lines at his law firm .
He created fake e-mail addresses .
He kept hard - to - trace , no - contract cell phones — “ burners ” like Tony Soprano used — in a box in his office .
Last July , Dreier diversified beyond his Solow strategy , selling $ 52 million in phony notes he said were issued by the Ontario Teachers ’ Pension Plan .
He used part of the proceeds to pay interest on some of the Solow notes he ’d already sold .
Dreier ’s motives were at once shallow and profound .
Even by New York standards , he was wildly ambitious .
It was n’t enough for him to be a successful lawyer ; he had to be the most successful lawyer in town , and he needed everyone else to know about it .
You could see his obsession reflected in the $ 10 million Beacon Court condominium , the fully staffed $ 18 million 123 - foot yacht , the $ 40 million in Warhols and Lichtensteins and other artworks , the Aston Martin , BMW , and two Mercedes , the two Hamptons homes , the Anguilla property , the Park Avenue headquarters with his name emblazoned on the side , the star - studded charity golf tournament , the girls .
When he ’d could n’t come by all of that honestly , it seems , he found another way .
The whole operation was audacious to the point of sheer recklessness — from the start , he was just one due - diligence phone call from being found out — yet the very boldness of his plan was central to its success .
Who would believe that such a respected and apparently successful attorney would knowingly peddle hundreds of millions of dollars worth of nothing ?
Marc Dreier seemed born to be a player .
The son of a Polish war refugee who settled in Long Island , Dreier was voted most likely to succeed by his graduating class at Lawrence High School in the Five Towns .
At school , Dreier was more of an intellectual than a jock and presided over the student council .
Friends remember him driving his Oldsmobile 442 with the top down and dating the prettiest girl in school .
“ The fact that the guy remained the big man on campus later on in life , that surprises nobody , ” says classmate Kenneth Gross .
“ He had that flash in him from his early days . ”
Next came Yale and Harvard Law .
“ He had a plan even then to do well , ” says Henry Kass , another old friend .
“ The mantra for all of us was ‘ Be somebody . ’ ”
After law school , Dreier went to work as a white - collar defense litigator at the New York firm Rosenman & Colin .
“ He was one of the shining stars , ” says Donald Citak , a former colleague .
“ He was ambitious , bright , and full of energy — hyper but personable . ”
Dreier pitched on the company softball team and was always up for drinks , often at the Beach Café at 70th Street and Second Avenue , a few blocks from his bachelor apartment on York Avenue .
But even Dreier ’s friends did n’t fully trust him .
“ He never put other people ’s interests first , ” one friend says , “ and he ’d make no bones about it .
Part of him wanted to have friends , but all of him wanted to be admired . ”
Dreier left Rosenman in 1989 , then worked at two other firms before starting his own shop with a lawyer from Boca Raton named Neil Baritz in 1996 .
Dreier & Baritz ’s first major client was Sheldon Solow , one of the city ’s real - estate titans , who , like Dreier , was wildly ambitious and had a taste for expensive art .
Solow already had a reputation as one of the most litigious real - estate developers in town , suing rivals , tenants , even tenants ’ houseguests .
Dreier only enabled Solow ’s habit .
In one matter , Dreier filed eight different lawsuits on behalf of Solow in thirteen different states and federal jurisdictions — losing every time but still appealing .
Opposing lawyers say Dreier was a shark .
“ He was the type of guy who would do anything a client asked if it was in his interest , ” says Kevin Smith , a lawyer who faced Dreier in court many times .
“ Everybody draws a line at some point .
But this guy , he would do anything .
Every courthouse , he ’d pull up in a limo .
He had suits that were cut , watches , jewelry .
He was nasty , very aggressive , and contentious .
He treated me like I did n’t exist . ”
Photo : Adam Friedberg
Early on , Dreier & Baritz sought to expand by establishing limited partnerships with lawyers in other cities .
In 2001 , an Oklahoma City attorney named William Federman sued Dreier , saying that Dreier owed him money , and , worse , that Dreier had failed to offer a proper accounting of Federman ’s client escrow funds .
Federman settled with Dreier in 2002 .
That same year , Neil Baritz left the firm .
He has said that he left “ for personal reasons and because our businesses were no longer compatible . ”
In 2003 , Dreier took his small firm of 30 lawyers and rechristened it Dreier LLP .
It was an odd time to embark on an expansion .
Not only had his partner just left him , but Dreier had cash - flow problems .
He had secured a revolving credit line in 2001 for $ 750,000 , which he amended a year later to $ 2 million , with another $ 2 million in outstanding debt , and now needed to refinance yet again owing to lack of payment .
He was also getting divorced :
He had married an associate at Rosenman & Colin named Elisa Peters in 1987 ; the couple had a son , Spencer , in 1989 , and a daughter , Jackie , in 1992 , but now Elisa was divorcing him .
( The matter dragged on for six years , in part , a source says , because Elisa claimed Dreier was hiding assets from her . )
But friends and former classmates were surpassing Dreier , and that seemed to chafe him .
One former colleague , Marc Kasowitz , had already won a historic tobacco - related settlement that Dreier could n’t help but notice .
Kasowitz had left Rosenman to start his own firm , just like Dreier .
But Kasowitz was doing far better .
“ Dreier wanted the big cases , ” says a friend .
“ His firm was n’t doing anything that looked really impressive .
I think that bugged the shit out of him . ”
Whether Dreier expanded his firm to make money to pay the interest on his phony notes or sold his phony notes so that he could expand his firm is an open question .
What ’s clear is that the firm grew dramatically .
Dreier lured away entire departments from other shops , establishing practices in everything from bankruptcy and tax law to sports licensing and entertainment , and bringing the firm ’s total number of lawyers to more than 250 .
With the new acquisitions came high - profile clients , such as Jay Leno , Wilco , and Michael Strahan .
Dreier moved the company ’s offices to 499 Park Avenue , the sleek I.M. Pei–designed former Bloomberg headquarters ( complete with private entrance ) , and opened satellite branches in Stamford , Connecticut ; Albany ; Pittsburgh ; Los Angeles ; and Santa Monica .
One source says Dreier hired an aircraft to fly over a party he was hosting in the Hamptons displaying the firm ’s name .
“ He was charming , gregarious , sure - footed , and clear - thinking , ” one lawyer says .
“ It seemed like he built just what he said he would build — a large , successful , bi-coastal firm . ”
To finance the firm ’s expansion , Dreier used a risky accounting practice called factoring receivables , in which one borrows money against future income .
Essentially , he was leveraging himself not on real assets , but on a wish .
Dreier also structured the firm in an unusual way .
Instead of sharing ownership with a group of partners , he owned the firm himself .
The other attorneys were partners in name , but really employees .
Rather than sharing in the firm ’s profits and being subject to the ups and downs of its performance , they were paid guaranteed salaries , plus a bonus or commission on new business .
Many of them took in salaries of up to $ 1 million a year , well above market rate .
To the extent anyone suspected that Dreier was spending more than he was earning , they assumed , as one friend says , that “ he had independent means . ”
As the firm ’s sole equity partner , Dreier had virtually no oversight .
He was the lone signatory , for instance , on more than a dozen different escrow accounts that were supposed to be holding clients ’ money .
The money was supposed to be off - limits , but if he chose to tap it , no one could stop him .
Of course , Dreier was also the sole responsible party if the firm could n’t pay its bills .
Although he was never on the firm ’s payroll , Kosta Kovachev was a close associate of Dreier’s .
As recently as last year , he had an electronic entry card for Dreier LLP ’s offices , and access to the firm ’s computers .
A stocky and bearded ex-banker in his late fifties , Kovachev was born in Belgrade and educated at Columbia University and Harvard Business School .
He lived in Greenwich , Connecticut , for years in the nineties before moving to Florida , but has no recorded residence at the moment , just a cell - phone number that flips over to the Harvard Club .
Over the years , he has worked for Morgan Stanley and Drexel Burnham Lambert .
But his banking career ended in 2006 , when the SEC revoked his broker ’s license after a scandal involving a low - level Ponzi scheme to sell time - shares in Florida .
Kovachev ’s lawyer in that proceeding was Marc Dreier .
Dreier also had ties to a man named Armando Ruiz .
“ Ruiz had some celebrity relationships , and that ’s how they became friends .
Dreier wanted to meet celebrities , ” says a longtime business associate of Dreier’s .
“ Every time Dreier had a party , this guy was the one that was putting everything together .
He used to hang out with him at his home in the Hamptons all the time . ”
Ruiz , who did not respond to calls to his last known phone number , was once photographed at Dreier ’s golf tournament , smiling alongside Michael Strahan .
A year after Dreier LLP was founded , Dreier was sanctioned by a judge , apparently for the first time in his career .
He was cited for planting advertisements made to resemble legal notices in the Times and the Post , listing damaging information about a rival of Sheldon Solow’s .
Dreier ’s chief confederate in the matter was Kosta Kovachev .
In one deposition , Dreier refused to answer his interlocutor ’s questions 79 times and threatened to walk out of the room ten times .
“ I ’m not going to sit here and have you waste my day by asking these questions , ” he said , until he finally admitted he was working for Solow the whole time .
“ What I found most peculiar was , even after we had him sanctioned , he was just , ‘ So what ?
Screw you , ’ ” says Stanley Arkin , the attorney who exposed Dreier ’s role in the smear job .
“ Some people think they can bull their way through anything . ”
The phony note program started that same year , and Dreier was soon issuing more in bogus debt than he was earning in legal work .
By December 2006 , prosecutors say , one hedge fund alone had invested $ 60 million in the notes .
According to bankruptcy - court records , Dreier LLP ’s gross revenue for that year totaled $ 58 million .
By 2008 , prosecutors say , Dreier was on the hook for $ 180 million in phony notes , plus another $ 20 million in annual interest .
That was almost double the firm ’s annual revenue .
Dreier was on the hook for $ 180 million in phony notes — almost double the firm ’s annual revenue .
Last fall , on one of the first Mondays in November , Dreier got a phone call from a man he ’d never heard of named Tom Manisero , a lawyer who told Dreier that he represented Solow ’s audit firm , Berdon LLP .
With a Berdon executive sitting in on the call , Manisero told Dreier that someone from Berdon had discovered an audit report on Berdon letterhead that had apparently been used to market some Solow Realty notes to the Whippoorwill hedge fund .
Dreier ’s name had been mentioned ; he was said to be the person marketing the notes .
The audit report was , apparently , a forgery .
Dreier was evasive on the phone .
“ It clearly took him by surprise , ” says someone familiar with the call .
“ He was n’t angry .
He was hemming and hawing a bit .
He was trying to give some bullshit story that he was acting on his own , but that Solow was involved in some sort of litigation and they were trying to buy the debt of the person who was litigating . ”
The truth is , Dreier already knew that his enterprise was starting to unravel .
Investigators now believe that by September or October , Dreier had largely run through his cash and had to sell new phony notes just to pay his bills , all the way down to the firm ’s car - service tab .
In September , a representative from one hedge fund had contacted Dreier asking why the firm ’s Solow notes were n’t being repaid on schedule .
On October 17 , Dreier had signed a credit agreement with Wachovia Bank for $ 14.5 million , pulling out $ 9 million right away .
To bring in more money , he also allegedly sold phony notes to two hedge funds in October — Verition ( owned by Amaranth ’s founder , Nick Maounis ) , which paid him $ 13.5 million , and a firm the U.S. Attorney ’s Office is not naming , which paid Dreier $ 100 million .
People who knew Dreier well noticed a change in his demeanor .
He was colder , more calculating , and “ he seemed nervous , ” says one source .
“ There was a manicness to him . ”
The call from Tom Manisero appeared to shake Dreier further .
Soon after , prosecutors say , he tried to move money into a personal account he used for his Caribbean properties .
Dreier did n’t know that the authorities had already been alerted : Shortly after that first call , Manisero along with Solow ’s attorneys at Shearman & Sterling had called the U.S. Attorney ’s Office .
A few days later , Manisero ’s phone rang .
It was Dreier again .
“ Tom , ” he is said to have said , “ I need to talk to you . ”
“ I ’ve got an office full of people , ” Manisero replied .
“ I need to call you back . ”
What followed were at least a half - dozen phone calls over then next few weeks between Dreier and Manisero , most of them secretly recorded by the U.S. Attorney ’s Office .
Dreier assumed an accommodating posture , professing to be cooperative and willing to give Manisero whatever he wanted to assure him everything was all right .
In one call , Dreier admitted the audit reports were fake , saying he was “ ashamed ” and that it was “ very serious what happened here . ”
But he insisted it was only this one instance .
He mentioned Kosta Kovachev by name , as well as Armando Ruiz .
Manisero told Dreier he did n’t believe this was the only time and asked to talk to the other people involved .
Dreier stalled .
He began calling Manisero from time to time unprompted , apparently to feel him out about how much he knew .
He ’d implore him to keep this a private matter because it would damage a lot of people , including his firm and his family .
On November 10 , Dreier called Manisero from the United Arab Emirates , where he said he was meeting with several businesspeople about the possibility of opening another law office .
He also traveled in November to St. Martin and Qatar .
Manisero kept asking Dreier for more information about what he ’d done , never letting on that the investigation had begun .
The Friday after Thanksgiving , Dreier called Manisero one more time with a different pitch : Maybe there was some way they could settle the matter .
“ Obviously , ” a source familiar with the calls says , “ the suggestion was money can buy peace here . ”
Manisero ’s response , a source says , was incredulousness .
Technically , Dreier had admitted only to trying to sell the notes once and not even succeeding .
If , as Dreier said , this was the only instance he ’d tried , and it had failed , why offer a settlement ?
“ How would a settlement work ? ” Manisero is said to have said .
“ I do n’t understand it . ”
According to the source , Dreier suggested Manisero would sign a release form limiting Dreier ’s liability .
“ It was a real shuck and jive , ” the source says — with “ a hint of desperation setting in . ”
It was the last time Manisero and Dreier would speak .
Over the course of these calls , the Verition hedge fund , which had been speaking with Whippoorwill , learned about similar irregularities in its transactions with Dreier and sought to reclaim the $ 13.5 million the fund had paid him .
In November , a lawyer for Verition was asked if the fund ever got its money back .
“ We got money back , ” a source says the lawyer said .
“ But I do n’t know if it was our money . ”
It ’s been suggested that Bernie Madoff was a pathological liar .
With Marc Dreier , there appears to be little doubt .
On Monday , December 1 , another front of trouble opened up for Dreier .
A bankruptcy lawyer with the firm named Norman Kinel sent Dreier an e-mail asking for $ 38.5 million out of the firm ’s escrow account .
Kinel needed the money for a client that had been dealing with a bankruptcy for more than five years and wanted to use some of its escrowed funds to pay its creditors .
But there was a problem .
Less than half the needed money remained in the escrow account .
The day after he got the e-mail from Kinel , Dreier flew to Toronto .
On December 3 , the phone rang in the comptroller ’s office of Dreier LLP .
It was Dreier , calling from Toronto .
He ’d been arrested for criminal impersonation .
Someone at the Ontario Teachers ’ Pension Fund had alerted the police moments after Dreier was caught pretending to be Michael Padfield , and someone , either the police or a representative of the fund , had reached Dreier on his phone before his plane took off .
Dreier agreed to turn himself in .
“ He was obviously a beaten - down man , ” a Dreier LLP source says .
“ His voice was gravelly , desperate .
He said he did wrong , he ’d ruined his life and career , and he ’d try to make up for it . ”
The same day , Dreier ’s 19 - year - old son , Spencer , walked into the offices of Dreier LLP to deliver a message on behalf of his father .
Spencer ’s mother , Elisa , was with him .
According to one source , Spencer walked into a conference room where about 40 of Dreier ’s partners were meeting to discuss what to do .
With his mother waiting outside , Spencer delivered his speech .
“ He said no one should be deserting his father because his father gave them so much , ” says someone who was there .
“ It was bizarre . ”
The lawyers in the room were livid .
One even started shouting : “ I ’m not going to listen to you !
You have no place in here !
This is a partnership meeting .
You ’re not a partner ! ”
Spencer even apparently came back to 499 Park Avenue the next day , trying to get in , when the guards stopped him .
“ He said , ‘ I ’m just going up to get some computers ! ’ ” a source says .
“ And they said , ‘ Well , you can ’t .
Sorry . ’ ”
On December 4 , Dreier , still in jail in Toronto , spoke on the phone with two of his partners , Steven Gursky and Joel Chernov , who asked him about the missing escrow funds .
Dreier tried to tell the men that had he not been arrested , he would have been able to come back to New York and straighten things out — perhaps by selling some of the firm ’s art .
Chernov was having none of it .
“ I understood from this conversation that Mr. Dreier was implicitly admitting that he had improperly used client escrow funds , ” he later told the court .
Dreier remained in jail for three days before bailing himself out , long enough for his arrest to make the news and the escrow revelations to spread within the firm .
The lawyers at Dreier LLP knew that Marc Dreier was the only thing keeping the firm together .
If the only equity partner was stealing clients ’ money , the whole firm could implode , leaving 250 lawyers unemployed and potentially exposed to lawsuits from angry clients .
“ As soon as we heard there was a problem with the escrow accounts , that ’s when we knew , ” one partner says .
“ The escrow is the holy grail .
You do n’t touch escrow unless you have no other option . ”
Says one close colleague : “ I ’ve never seen such mass hysteria in my life .
People were running out the door , lawyering up .
People started to see their careers evaporate . ”
During the chaos , Dreier still managed to transfer more money from another escrow fund into one of his personal accounts .
The firm ’s comptroller , John Provenzano , refused to do it twice before Dreier ordered him to connect him directly to someone at the firm ’s bank and then arranged a $ 10 million transfer himself .
At 2 p.m. on December 4 , Kosta Kovachev reportedly went to the fifth - floor conference room at the Park Avenue offices of Dreier LLP , took two paintings , and left in a cab .
Dreier finally made it back to New York on Sunday night , December 7 .
The escrow matter was n’t public yet , and one colleague believes Dreier even thought he could still clear everything up before coming under further scrutiny .
Maybe he could contain the impersonation arrest , keep the hedge funds at bay , and solve the escrow problem .
Maybe Tom Manisero and Norman Kinel and Michael Padfield were n’t talking to one another yet .
But it was too late .
Dreier was arrested on the tarmac and charged with two counts of fraud .
It was then that he learned that the Justice Department had been looking into his business affairs for weeks .
Marc Dreier now spends his days under house arrest in his Beacon Court apartment .
His son and mother are guaranteeing his bail and paying the $ 70,000 - a- month costs of around - the - clock security .
If convicted , the man one prosecutor calls “ a Houdini of impersonation and false documents ” faces some 30 years in prison .
Dreier has all but confessed to parts of the scheme , and his own lawyer has said he expects his client to plea out before the proposed June 15 trial date .
Kosta Kovachev has been arrested , too , and at last report was still in jail .
Through their attorneys , both Dreier and Kovachev have refused to comment .
Armando Ruiz has not been charged with any crimes , but the government has subpoenaed all documents concerning him from the law firm .
Because Dreier was the only equity partner in Dreier LLP , the firm vaporized , as expected , practically the day he was arrested .
Many of Dreier ’s former colleagues have since joined other firms and argue that they were partners of Dreier ’s in name only .
What liability they may face is not yet known .
All told , Dreier is accused of selling $ 700 million in phony notes to thirteen hedge funds and three individuals .
More than 200 creditors , including a few hedge funds , have already filed more than $ 450 million in claims against the firm ; Eton Park is seeking $ 84 million , Fortress wants $ 61.9 million .
Investigators say the money is mostly gone — Dreier spent it on his homes , cars , art , and the like .
It ’s unclear how much anyone will recover .
It may be true that Dreier was driven by an excess of ambition and ego .
“ It was always important to him that people thought he was doing well , ” says one old friend .
“ He had his name on that big fucking building on Park Avenue . ”
And so instead of scaling back or closing the firm or selling the yacht , “ he crossed a line . ”
Then again , there are those who view him in a darker light .
“ Marc Dreier has been a shakedown artist his entire career , ” says an angry former client .
“ That ’s what he does .
That ’s how he makes money .
He insinuates himself into people ’s lives .
He gains their confidence .
And then he exploits them . ”
Additional reporting by Beth Landman .
I thought this was too good not to share .
Here is an excerpt from pp. 69 - 72 of Reflections on the Psalms by C.S. Lewis :
He had in fact been a strict socialist at Oxford .
Everything ought to be run by the State ; private enterprise and independent professions were for him the great evil .
He then went away and became a schoolmaster .
After about ten years of that he came to see me .
He said his political views had been wholly reversed .
You never heard a fuller recantation .
He now saw that state interference was fatal .
What had converted him was his experience as a schoolmaster of the Ministry of Education — a set of ignorant meddlers armed with insufferable powers to pester , hamper , and interrupt the work of real , practical teachers who knew the subjects they taught , who knew boys , parents , and all the real conditions of their work .
It makes no difference to the point of the story whether you agree with his view of the Ministry ; the important thing is that he held that view .
For the real point of the story , and of his visit , when it came , nearly took my breath away .
Thinking thus , he had come to see whether I had any influence which might help him get a job in the Ministry of Education .
Here is the perfect band - wagoner .
Immediately on the decision ‘ This is a revolting tyranny ’ , follows the question ‘ How can I as quickly as possible cease to be one of the victims and become one of the tyrants ? ’
If I had been able to introduce the young man to someone in the Ministry , I think we may be sure that his manners to that hated ‘ meddler ’ would have been genial and friendly in the extreme .
Thus someone who had heard his previous invective against the meddling and then witnessed his actual behaviour to the meddler , might possibly ( for charity ‘ believeth all things ’ ) have concluded that this young man was full of the purest Christianity and loved one he thought a sinner while hating what he thought his sin .
Of course this is an instance of band - wagoning so crude and unabashed as to be farcical .
Not many of us perhaps commit the like .
But there are subtler , more social or intellectual forms of band - wagoning which might deceive us .
Many people have a very strong desire to meet celebrated or ‘ important ’ people , including those whom they disapprove , to talk or even ( anyone may produce a book of reminiscences ) to write about .
It is felt to confer distinction if the great , though odious , man recognizes you in the street .
And where such motives are in play it is better still to know him quite well , to be intimate with him .
It would be delightful if he shouted out ‘ Hallo Bill ’ while you were walking down the Strand with an impressionable country cousin .
I do n’t know that the desire it itself a very serious defect .
But I am inclined to think a Christian would be wise to avoid , where he decently can , any meeting with people who are bullies , lascivious , cruel , dishonest , spiteful , and so forth .
“ Not because we are ‘ too good ’ for them .
In a sense because we are not good enough .
We are not good enough to cope with all the temptations , nor clever enough to cope with all the problems , which an evening spent in such society produces .
The temptation is to condone , to connive at ; by our words , looks and laughter , to ‘ consent ’ .
The temptation was never greater than now when we are all ( and very rightly so afraid of priggery or ‘ smugness ’ .
And of course , even if we do not seek them out , we shall constantly be in such company whether we wish it or not .
This is the real and unavoidable difficulty .
We shall hear vile stories told as funny ; not merely licentious stories but ( to me far more serious and less noticed ) stories which the teller could not be telling unless he was betraying someone ’s confidence .
We shall hear infamous detractions of the absent , often disguised as pity or humour .
Things we hold sacred will be mocked .
Cruelty will be slyly advocated by the assumption that its only opposite is ‘ sentimentality ’ .
The very presuppositions of any good life — all disinterested motives , all heroism , all genuine forgiveness — will be , not explicitly denied ( for then the matter could be discussed ) , but assumed to be phantasmal , idiotic , believed in only by children . ”
Microsoft and the Linux Foundation have penned a joint letter to the American Law Institute , in opposition to its proposal to create an implied warranty that software goods ship with “ no material defects ” .
The odd coupling between the openista group and software multinational came about over a common beef the two parties had with the ALI .
In the letter , dated 14 May , Microsoft and the Linux Foundation asked the ALI “ to delay adoption of its Principles of the Law of Software Contracts … to allow for wider consultation with affected parties , including developers and distributors of software . ”
The proposals outlined by the ALI “ interfere with the natural operation of open source licenses and commercial licenses as well by creating implied warranties that could result in a tremendous amount of unnecessary litigation , which would undermine the sharing of technology , ” wrote Linux Foundation executive director Jim Zemlin .
Microsoft ’s deputy general counsel Horacio Gutierrez , who in the past has accused the free and open source software community of violating no less than 235 Microsoft patents , preferred to highlight the bottom line in Redmond ’s argument against the ALI ’s principles .
" Microsoft and the Linux Foundation believe that certain provisions do not reflect existing law and could disrupt the well - functioning software market for businesses and consumers , as well as create uncertainty for software developers , " he chimed yesterday .
Gutierrez also took the opportunity to reach out to the open source community , which in the past has given Microsoft and its locked down approach to software interoperability a frosty reception , at best .
" The mere fact that the Linux Foundation and Microsoft are joining forces may be viewed by some as remarkable , given that our differences receive far more public attention than when our interests converge , " he noted .
" I hope that this represents just one of many opportunities to collaborate with the Linux Foundation and others going forward , " said Gutierrez .
" We have a lot more we can do together . "
However , the tone was markedly different earlier this year when Microsoft threw a sueball at TomTom , which was the first of its kind against a company that implements the Linux kernel in its technology .
The two firms later settled the legal dispute in a five - year agreement that will see the GPS maker pay Microsoft for coverage under the five car navigation and three file management patents cited in the February suit brought by Redmond . ®
" Minister for Justice Dermot Ahern proposes to insert a new section into the Defamation Bill , stating : “ A person who publishes or utters blasphemous matter shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable upon conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding € 100,000 . ”
“ Blasphemous matter ” is defined as matter “ that is grossly abusive or insulting in relation to matters held sacred by any religion , thereby causing outrage among a substantial number of the adherents of that religion ; and he or she intends , by the publication of the matter concerned , to cause such outrage . ”
Where a person is convicted of an offence under this section , the court may issue a warrant authorising the Garda Síochána to enter , if necessary using reasonable force , a premises .
There is a proposed amendment to Irish defemation legislation including an updated blasphemy Libel law .
Go here As TheObserver and Gary C point out .
The article says :
Israel frequently insists it has the world 's most moral army An Israeli soldier was removed from the combat area after he shot a Gazan woman in the leg " by mistake " during the recent offensive , military sources say .
The soldiers were firing in the air and urging a group of Palestinians who looked " suspicious " at the time , the military said .
It appears to be the first officially confirmed case of disciplinary action over troops ' actions in the conflict .
The Israeli forces ' conduct has been heavily criticised .
A statement from the Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) said there had been a warning of a suicide attacker in the area where the incident occurred .
The soldier was an infantryman from the Givati Brigades , and has been demoted and put on probation , the Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Correspondents say the case is a relatively minor one in comparison to some of the allegations that have been levelled at Israeli forces - that they shot at civilians carrying white flags , used heavy firepower and white phosphorous indiscriminately , and failed to allow evacuations of wounded civilians .
Several international rights experts and organisations have raised concerns that both Israeli forces and Palestinian militants may have committed war crimes during the 22 - day conflict .
' Relaxed rules of engagement '
The punishment comes a week after several soldiers were quoted anonymously in the media saying troops had killed Palestinians , including women and children , by hastily opening fire under relaxed rules of engagement in Gaza .
Other soldiers , however , have said they believe the claims are unfounded , or apply to a tiny minority within an otherwise professional military .
Few of the officers who fought in Gaza have come forward to answer such charges , partly because they fear being identified and being arrested if they travel abroad .
But the commander of a paratroopers brigade , one of the most senior commanders in Gaza during the operation , told the BBC on Thursday his soldiers " succeeded in hardly harming civilians " during demanding urban warfare .
Israel has been criticised for using heavy firepower " We do n't have even one incident in that we killed or harmed uninvolved civilians in the street , " said Commander Herzi , whose full name cannot be given because of Israeli military censorship .
He said the soldiers entered " thousands " of homes in Gaza .
" Almost in every house we found rifles , grenades , RPGs ( rocket propelled grenades ) , " he said .
They also saw Hamas militants moving from house to house carrying white flags to pose as civilians , he added .
He blamed Hamas for exposing civilians to danger by using civilian institutions for cover : " When you find in a backpack , a blue backpack with logo of the UN on the backpack , an IED , ( improvised explosive device ) you understand how cynical , how far they go , " he said .
The IDF say 1,166 Palestinians were killed during the conflict , of whom 709 were " terror operatives " .
A Palestinian rights group says the toll was 1,434 , including 960 civilians , 235 fighters and 239 uniformed police .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TOKYO , Oct 14 ( Reuters ) - Trade in Nikkei futures trading on the Osaka bourse and Topix futures trading on the Tokyo bourse were halted early on Tuesday after a circuit breaker was triggered .
December Nikkei futures jumped as much as 1,330 points in early trade to 9,330 2JNIc1 .
The Nikkei average . N225 surged more than 6 percent within the first few minutes of trade and the Topix .
TOPX was also up more than 6 percent on a surge powered by gains in U.S. stocks and international government pledges to pour cash into struggling banks and restore confidence in the global financial system .
( Reporting by Elaine Lies )
The Python Langage Summit is coming up .
To prepare this event , I have put online a survey you can take to tell us a bit more about you and how you package your Python applications .
Who should take the survey : any Python developer that packages and distributes his code , no matter how .
: any Python developer that packages and distributes his code , no matter how .
Take the survey : http://tinyurl.com/packaging-survey
Thanks to all the people that helped building the survey , and a special thanks to Massimo Di Pierro who created the application that runs the Survey and helped me set up the survey .
It runs under web2 py .
Eating live snakes , this cant be good for your digestive system let alone the day after .
San Francisco -
As the entertainment industry promotes its new anti-copying educational program to the nation 's teachers , the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) today launched its own " Teaching Copyright " curriculum and website to help educators give students the real story about their digital rights and responsibilities on the Internet and beyond .
The Copyright Alliance -- backed by the recording , broadcast , and software industries -- has given its curriculum the ominous title " Think First , Copy Later . "
This is just the latest example of copyright - focused educational materials portraying the use of new technology as a high - risk behavior .
For example , industry materials have routinely compared downloading music to stealing a bicycle , even though many downloads are lawful , and making videos using short clips from other sources is treated as probably illegal even though many such videos are also lawful .
EFF created Teaching Copyright as a balanced curriculum encouraging students to make full and fair use of technology that is revolutionizing learning and the exchange of information .
" Today 's tech - savvy teens will grow into the artists and innovators of tomorrow , " said EFF Staff Attorney Corynne McSherry .
" They need to understand their digital rights and responsibilities in order to create , critique , and comment on their culture .
This curriculum fills an educational void , introducing critical questions of digital citizenship into the classroom without misinformation that scares kids from expressing themselves in the modern world . "
The Teaching Copyright curriculum is a detailed , customizable plan that connects students to contemporary issues related to the Internet and technology .
Teaching Copyright invites discussion about how creativity is enabled by new technologies , what digital rights and responsibilities exist or should exist , and what roles students play as users of technology .
The website at www.teachingcopyright.org includes guides to copyright law , including fair use and the public domain .
" Kids are bombarded with messages that using new technology is illegal , " said EFF Activist Richard Esguerra .
" Instead of approaching the issues from a position of fear , Teaching Copyright encourages inquiry and greater understanding .
This is a balanced curriculum , asking students to think about their role in the online world and to make informed choices about their behavior . "
The Teaching Copyright curriculum was developed with the input of educators from across the U.S. and has been designed to satisfy components of standards from the International Society for Technology in Education and the California State Board of Education .
Learn more about Teaching Copyright :
http://www.teachingcopyright.org/
Contacts :
Richard Esguerra
Activist
Electronic Frontier Foundation
richard@eff.org
Corynne McSherry
Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
corynne@eff.org
An Iraqi football player has been shot dead by a spectator as he was about to score an equalising goal .
The shooting happened in the last minute of a game between two local rivals on Sunday , police say .
The striker was shot in the head during the match in the city of Hilla , according to local security officials .
The game was being played between Sinjar and Buhayra .
The suspected killer has been arrested as police carry out an investigation .
If you ’ve seen the recent videos of courtroom oppression , you already know there ’s a crackdown on the free press here in NH .
Videographers are being refused entry into district courts across NH !
A couple of years ago , begging ( asking permission ) to video in court was successful .
However , when the violent monopoly ( government ) saw that the videos were helping showcase liberty activists ’ successes in court , they started to crack down on cameras in court .
In response to the restrictions , Dave Ridley notified the court he’d be disobeying their ban on panning a camera in court .
Keene District Court ’s judge Burke quickly reassessed his court rules and allowed Dave to pan and silently allowed several activists to bring recording devices in court to document Nick Ryder ’s successful refusal to pay a speeding ticket .
It seemed freedom was winning .
Then the real crackdown began .
Starting with a videographer being ordered to shut off his camera mid-trial , the Keene District Court as well as Milford and Dover have been enforcing a near - complete ban on video devices anywhere near the court , including the lobby , both allegedly “ public ” places .
Nevermind their own court rules that clearly state :
1.4(a) The presiding judge should permit the media to photograph , record and broadcast all courtroom proceedings that are open to the public .
Of course , as OTN ’s Sam points out , one does n’t need to ask permission to exercise a right .
Here ’s the NH constitution they have sworn to uphold :
[ Art. ] 22 .
[ Free Speech ; Liberty of the Press . ]
Free speech and liberty of the press are essential to the security of freedom in a state :
They ought , therefore , to be inviolably preserved .
Rules , schmules .
You probably know by now that the violent monopoly does n’t even bother to try to follow their own rules .
If you ’ve not come to this conclusion yet , just open your eyes and look at all the proof we keep posting on this website .
Want more proof ?
Just look at what happens when you try to play by their rules .
These are the two motions I filed in Milford District Court to try to get a camera in without risking arrest .
The second page I actually filed a motion for “ Freedom of the Press ” and informed them of the possibility of criminal charges – the judge denied the motion claiming I ’d begged too close to the trial .
However , this same court just two weeks earlier allowed a newspaper photographer to file a motion DURING a trial and they allowed him in .
They also claimed I had no credentials , but when I ’d brought credentials weeks earlier I was denied anyway .
When I pressed judge Crocker for a definition of credentials she essentially said she ’d know them when she saw them .
They make it up as they go along .
If you have to beg , you have already failed .
Having proven this , I will no longer ask permission to exercise rights , and nor should you .
What to do about this situation though ?
Use the system to change the system ?
While this is possible in NH , it ’s still a slow process .
We need freedom of the press right now , not in another ten election cycles .
Civil disobedience has had mixed results so far .
Dave Ridley had one success at getting the court to do the right thing and back off it ’s restrictions , but later they cracked down hard and Dave was arrested for refusing to obey their demands he stop recording in the lobby of Keene District Court .
We know these gangsters are willing to take everything you love from you in order to coerce your obedience , so most activists are frightened to death of doing anything disobedient to change this situation , even though noncooperation and disobedience has proven to be the best way to affect change .
Luckily , as more activists continue to take small steps into the noncooperative world , others are being inspired by their example .
Discussions are in progress about a larger video camera disobedience in Keene District Court .
How many newsmen will they arrest and prosecute before something changes ?
OTN ’s Sam is also looking at filing criminal official oppression charges against the court bureaucrats complicit in this tyranny .
Perhaps that will discourage their naughty behavior .
Finally , they know they are being watched and that our numbers continue to grow while theirs stays the same .
We frequently outnumber the bureaucrats in court these days , thanks to the constant stream of new movers from the Free State Project and the awakening of previously dormant NH native liberty lovers .
Do n’t just watch this happen though – get involved and get up here !
We can get to freedom quicker with YOUR help .
What else can we do to halt this oppression ?
Post your ideas here or in the Free Keene Forum .
Visualization of Program Dependence Graphs Thomas Würthinger
Institute for System Software
wuerthinger@ssw.jku.at
Abstract The Java HotSpot™ server compiler of Sun Microsystems uses intermediate graph data structures when compiling Java bytecodes to machine code .
The graphs are program dependence graphs , which model both data and control dependencies .
For debugging , there are built - in tracing mechanisms that output a textual representation of the graphs to the command line .
This thesis presents a tool which displays the graphs of the server compiler .
It records intermediate states of the graph during the compilation of a method .
The user can then navigate through the graph and apply rule - based filters that change the appearance of the graph .
The tool calculates an approximation of the control flow to cluster the nodes of the graph into blocks .
Using a visual representation of the data structures speeds up debugging and helps understanding the code of the compiler .
The thesis describes the code added to the server compiler and the Java application that displays the graph .
Additionally , the server compiler and the NetBeans platform are outlined in general .
Kurzfassung Der Java HotSpot™ Server Compiler von Sun Microsystems benutzt Graphen als temporäre Datenstrukturen beim Kompilieren von Java Bytecodes zu Maschinencode .
Die Graphen des Compilers sind Programmabhängigkeitsgraphen , mit denen sowohl der Kontrollfluss als auch die Datenabhängigkeiten modelliert werden .
Für die Suche von Fehlern kann eine textuelle Repräsentation der Graphen auf die Kommandozeile ausgegeben werden .
Diese Arbeit beschreibt ein Programm zur Anzeige der Graphen des Server Compilers .
Bei der Kompilierung einer Methode werden Zustände des Graphen aufgezeichnet .
Der Benutzer kann durch den Graphen navigieren und regelbasierte Filter anwenden , um die graphische Anzeige des Graphen zu verändern .
Das Programm berechnet eine Annäherung des Kontrollflusses , um die Knoten in Blöcke zu gruppieren .
Die Verwendung einer graphischen Repräsentation der Datenstrukturen beschleunigt die Fehlersuche und hilft den Quelltext des Compilers zu verstehen .
Die Arbeit behandelt den Quelltext , der zum Server Compiler hinzugefügt wurde , und die Java Anwendung , die den Graphen anzeigt .
Weiters werden der Server Compiler und die NetBeans Plattform beschrieben .
Master 's thesis , Johannes Kepler University Linz , August 2007 Download as PDF
Nick Chambers
In a flurry of electric vehicle activity , three back - to - back announcements this week have placed a spotlight on Oregon ’s plans to be the friendliest state in the nation in which to build , sell and buy electric cars .
At a press event on Monday , Oregon ’s governor , Ted Kulongoski , was talking up Nissan ’s previously announced partnership with the state .
According to Nissan , the company plans to introduce its upcoming electric car in Oregon in late 2010 .
Not to be outdone , on Tuesday the Norwegian electric car startup , Think , was in Portland being wooed by the state as one of 8 potential places to site their first car manufacturing facility in the United States .
Although
Think has been plagued by bad financial news recently , the company ’s North American C.E.O. , Richard Canny , said he was confident that Think would find the funding to pull through its current financial situation and added , “ We believe Oregon could be a really good place for Think to do business . ”
Finally , in a first - of - its - kind partnership in the United States , Mitsubishi announced a strategic alliance with Oregon to develop an electric car charging infrastructure in the state .
And in a deal similar to the one already in place between Oregon and Nissan , Mitsubishi said it also plans to release its upcoming electric vehicle models the state .
( Last year Oregon had also aggressively negotiated with the Chinese carmaker , BYD , to manufacture its line of plug - in hybrids in the state for sale in the U.S. )
So why has Oregon become a hotbed of activity for electric vehicles all of a sudden ?
Governor Kulongoski is currently pushing a plan before the state legislature to cut some hefty tax breaks for electric vehicle manufacturers who choose to come to Oregon , as well as provide huge tax credits to purchasers of electric cars .
“ My vision has always been for Oregonians to be able to drive from Astoria to Ontario and from Portland to Ashland emission free , ” Mr. Kulongoski said .
“ Families could be making that drive in an emission - free vehicle manufactured in Oregon by Oregonians . ”
Gaming Today
Destiny 2 : Beyond Light is scheduled to release this November , and it's set to be one of the biggest revamps yet , with nearly half of the game being cut - despite this though , the update is going to require players to download the entire game from scratch when it releases .
It might not be as painful as it sounds though - given the sheer ammount of content the ...
Seeing the video of Ian Tomlinson being assaulted by a police officer during the G20 protests – an apparently innocent man being subjected to what appeared to be an unjustified assault by a police officer – provoked in me an immediate desire for the perpetrator to be suspended , tried and punished .
On the other hand , having been the victim of " trial by media " myself , I realised the need for an independent investigation , the outcome of which is not pre-judged .
Similar conflicting feelings arose over the demise of Assistant Commissioner Bob Quick .
Putting a significant anti-terrorist operation , if not the lives of police officers and members of the public , at risk , by displaying a summary of the operation to the world 's media , was a serious security breach .
When the terrorists involved in the Madrid train bombings realised the police were coming , they blew themselves up , killing one and injuring many other anti-terrorist agents in the process .
The same could have happened here .
Conversely , you can put yourself in Mr Quick 's position , on his way to brief the Prime Minister and Home Secretary at No 10 about a major operation , reminding himself of the key points on his journey to Downing Street and without thinking , failing to cover - up his secret brief before he got out of the car .
It was a sad way to go over such a simple but potentially serious mistake .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
What , if anything , do these incidents tell us about the state of British policing ?
The most obvious link is public confidence in the police service .
The uniquely British concept of policing by consent , where the police rely on the active participation of the public relies on us having trust and confidence in our police officers .
The police have a unique range of powers including the use of force and the power to arrest and detain ( for up to 28 days in the case of those arrested on suspicion of terrorism this week ) on the grounds of suspicion alone .
We entrust these powers to the police on the basis of having confidence in police leaders , believing officers will use their powers appropriately and in the knowledge that if the powers are misused , that those responsible will be held to account .
In terms of public trust and accountability , the case of Ian Tomlinson did not start well .
Scotland Yard issued a statement the day after his tragic death claiming that he had no contact with police officers before they tried to resuscitate him .
Whilst the circumstances were very different , the parallel with misleading statements made by the police in the immediate aftermath of the shooting of the innocent Brazilian at Stockwell have not gone unnoticed .
We do not know what the exact circumstances were in the Tomlinson case , what provocation the police officer may have been subjected to immediately prior to the video clip or what Tomlinson might have said or done before he is caught on camera .
Police officers are often put into very testing and sometimes dangerous situations when trying to control demonstrations and whilst we expect them to be highly trained and professional , they are also human .
Conversely , we expect a higher level of tolerance and self - control from police officers than from the public , making the apparent behaviour of the police officer in the video footage far more serious than the antics of the demonstrators .
Sir Paul Stephenson is learning quickly and the hard way that it is not easy being the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police .
Acting decisively in suspending the officer involved will help to endorse his " no- nonsense " reputation but such action , and his comments that the Tomlinson video raises " obvious concerns " , will have some rank - and - file officers asking whose side the Commissioner is on .
Sir Paul has just replaced Sir Ian Blair as Commissioner – a man many rank and file officers did not believe was " a copper 's copper " , someone who understood what it is like for them out on the streets .
Sir Paul Stephenson is also running out of experienced officers at a senior level .
Since joining the Metropolitan Police as its Deputy Commissioner four years ago , he has lost two heads of counter - terrorism , Andy Hayman and Bob Quick , and the Commissioner , Sir Ian Blair , all of whom were forced to resign , and Assistant Commissioner Tarique Ghaffur who agreed to go in a negotiated settlement following allegations of racism .
Despite Quick 's involvement in the Damien Green affair and the Conservative Mayor of London announcing Quick 's departure , I am not convinced that those forced out have been the victims of partisan politics .
Being well regarded by his colleagues and strongly recommended by the previous Commissioner , John Stephens , allowed Mr Quick to take charge as Chief Constable of Surrey relatively early in his career , returning to the Met a few years later as an Assistant Commissioner .
The Tories may have been eagerly awaiting Quick 's next mistake but I believe Hayman , Blair and Quick have all been the authors of their own demise .
Of greater significance is that , at a time when the senior team in the Met has been significantly weakened , it is strong leadership that the Metropolitan Police desperately needs .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Recent events could justifiably give rise to concerns that we have a police service whose leaders do not appear to have a grip of their own responsibilities , let alone control over the actions of their subordinates .
At the same time , the Tomlinson case and those of Jean Charles de Menezes and Mark Saunders , raise the spectre that the bad old days of British policing may be returning , of " canteen culture " , the use of excessive force and of a police service that appears to be unaccountable – the officer concerned in the case of Mr Tomlinson apparently being allowed to cover his face and numerals .
Sir Ian Blair tried to continue the liberalising work started by Sir Peter , now Lord Imbert , when he was Commissioner .
These police reformers were swimming against the tide of the prevailing culture , trying to produce a more inclusive police service that is more responsive to the needs of the public , and more representative both in terms of gender balance and minority ethnic representation .
Sir Ian Blair failed to reform the Met and the temptation for Sir Paul Stephenson is to go with the flow of the dominant male macho culture , but at the cost of failing to tame the minority of canteen cowboys who do so much damage to the reputation of the police service .
Changing organisational culture requires difficult decisions .
My concern is not that the current Commissioner is not capable of such bravery , but that he does not have the strength in depth in his team , or the will , to carry through what are very necessary police reforms .
He will need strong political backing if he is to succeed .
On the beat : Views from the blogs
* PC Blogson , planetpolice.org
I had no idea how secret and top secret documents are handled .
Now I know .
Plonker .
Assistant Commissioner Bob Quick did n't just show a secret document to the press , he showed one so sensitive that an anti-terror operation had to be brought forwards [ sic ] , one can only assume , thereby jeopardising months of work and meaning there may not yet be evidence to prosecute the suspects .
* Posted on 200weeks.police999.com
Bob Quick is an Assistant Met Commissioner in charge of counter - terrorism .
He 's also a bit of a numpty .
*areatracenosearch.blogspot.com ( a response team working in the south of England )
In my carrier we ran a competition for spotting the best bit of graffiti .
The only rule was that the graffiti had to be on a police vehicle .
Our favourite was one of the armoured warthogs with " PIGS " sprayed tastefully below the police sign on the bonnet .
Spot on .
Scary moment when I got hit by something , and looked at my arm to notice that I was bleeding heavily through my boiler suit .
I realised it was just a tomato the protesters had thrown .
I think that actually our tactics were sound , and most if not all of us did a bloody good job .
I also think that the majority of genuine protesters were at the very most only an annoyance , and frequently friendly , intelligent and often entertaining .
The small minority determined to use force and attack everyone that stood in their way were shameful .
They were the reason that the genuine protesters were held back and shepherded about , they were the reason that negative press was given , they were the reason for injuries on both sides , and they were yet another nail in the coffin for legitimate , lawful , peaceful protest .
*pcbloggs.blogspot.com
As the PC who turns up to your door when you have been burgled / robbed / texted by a ne'er - do - well , I can tell you that the prospects of my snaring a serial rapist by anything other than blind luck are precisely zero .
As if in some kind of landmark policy , Met Commissioner Paul Stephenson has ruled that his officers should walk the beat alone from now on .
This will apparently make them more approachable , oh and double the number of patrols .
Which conveniently means that he can get away with employing half the number of officers .
The one and only taco truck in London , UK .
Regular service begins in March .
More details as they come in !
UPDATE : Taco Truck is trading at Maida Hill Market .
The closest tube stop is Westbourne Park .
This is sporadic at the moment but will keep you updated .
Should be doing Thursday , Friday and Saturday there in 3 - 4 weeks time on a permanent basis .
Will be doing Thames Festival 12 & 13 September .
Taco truck will be located in the heart of the festival near OXO Tower .
Mark Wahlberg , Bryan Singer and now Christian Bale has attached himself to star in the upcoming thriller “ Prisoners ” written by newcomer Aaron Guzikowski .
Wahlberg has been on the project from the beginning .
Singer said that he want ’s to direct the film , but he is not officially attached and neither is Christian Bale .
THR ’s Risky Biz Blog has read Aaron Guzikowski ’s script , and breaks down the main plot :
After his 6 - year - old daughter and her friend are kidnapped , a small - town carpenter butts heads with a young , brash detective in charge of the investigation .
The father is a Bible - reading , deer - hunting survivalist .
The cop , meanwhile , ca n’t wait to get to the city .
Feeling failed by the law , the father captures the man he believes responsible and begins to torture him in a desperate attempt to find out what he did with the girls , whom he ’s convinced are still alive .
“ That ’s the basic setup .
There ’s a lot more there , but we wo n’t spoil it except to say the two leads have great arcs and the supporting players , especially the mothers , have juicy parts .
The script is dark — Disney ai n’t touchin’ this one — and a real page - turner . ” [ THR ]
It ’s already a solid that Wahlberg will be playing the dad , and THR seems to be indicating that Bale is up for the brash cop role .
So far the project has n’t been sold to any Studios because Endeavor is holding off until a director is attached .
ANZAC Day preparations are under way around the Mackay district .
South of the city , a new war memorabilia display at Sarina RSL Club has been launched and at Calen the annual Anzac Day clean - up has taken place to ensure the hall is in top condition .
The Sarina RSL Club has been preparing a memorabilia room with a war - related display at the RSL club in time for Anzac Day after receiving a grant from the Department of Veteran Affairs and donations from the Sarina Platoon Reunion Club and the Sarina Scope Club .
One of the co-ordinators of the memorabilia Room , Sharon Price , said the development of the memorabilia display was well - timed in relation to this year 's Anzac Day .
“ The community will be able to come and see the display for the first time on Anzac Day .
We 've focused the memorabilia so far on the Cenotaph .
We are trying to follow up the families of those whose names are on the memorial .
We are hoping to research everybody who has served from Sarina and the surrounding areas so we will have their history on record for future generations , ” she said .
The Sarina RSL Club is asking for help from community members who have information or photos relating to servicemen or women .
Meanwhile , Calen benefited from a visit by Greg Sutherland and other Rotary Club of Mackay members who helped clean the Memorial Hall , where an Anzac Day ceremony is held every year .
Mr Sutherland said it was an Anzac Day tradition for elderly residents of the Calen district to make sure the hall was in top condition for former servicemen and women , their families and the community .
But with volunteers ageing the cleaning had become difficult .
Rotary Club of Mackay president Frank Gilbert said , “ Anzac Day is so special and if you look around that hall you see the sacrifices members of this community made for our country ” .
One elderly resident said the Rotarians did such a good cleaning job that the hall looked like it had been repainted .
( Do n't miss the Daily Mercury 's 24 - page Anzac Day feature , which will appear on Friday . )
Rare earths are actually fairly common .
What ’s rare is finding deposits that can be mined profitably , in part because most contain radioactive thorium .
Relatively speaking , Mountain Pass — whose rare - earth deposits were discovered in 1949 — is not too radioactive , and through the 1950s the ore was mostly used to make flints for lighters .
In the 1960s , the pit grew deeper as demand increased for the rare - earth element europium , which was used to create the red tones in color TVs .
In fact , until 1989 , the expanding pit at Mountain Pass supplied most of the world ’s rare earths .
But in the early 1990s , cheaper Chinese rare earths began eating into the mine ’s market share .
Deng Xiaoping famously compared China ’s abundance of rare earths to the Middle East ’s huge oil reserves .
As Chinese ore came onto the market , the price fell from $ 11,700 a ton in 1992 to $ 7,430 a ton by 1996 ( in constant dollars ) .
Amassing strategic supplies suddenly seemed old - fashioned , and the U.S. government began selling off its stocks of minerals .
Mountain Pass could n’t compete on price alone — especially given the mine ’s growing ecological costs .
In 1998 , chemical processing at the mine was stopped after a series of wastewater leaks .
Hundreds of thousands of gallons of water carrying radioactive waste spilled into and around Ivanpah Dry Lake .
Mark Smith , the CEO of Molycorp , which bought Mountain Pass in 2000 , thinks that the environmental problems that have made the mine ’s operation so difficult have largely been resolved , and believes the site can be fully revived .
Standing on the edge of what is now a 500 - foot - deep pit , he touts his successful negotiations with 18 California regulatory agencies to reopen the mine , and points out some of the company ’s newfangled environmental safeguards .
( One involves interlocked 18 - sided plastic balls floating on standing wastewater pools to limit evaporation and prevent salts from building up after the mine eventually shuts down . )
“ We want to be environmentally superior , not just compliant .
We want to be sustainable and be here for a long time , ” he says expansively before talking about opening a permanent - magnet factory employing 900 nearby .
But Smith ’s effort to turn Mountain Pass into an environmentally friendly producer — call it the Whole Foods of premium free - range sustainable neodymium — comes with costs his Chinese competitors do n’t have to pay : for starters , $ 2.4 million a year on environmental monitoring and compliance .
Will carmakers really be willing to pay more for local minerals and homegrown magnets ?
“ Absolutely , ” Smith says , noting that the mine ’s historic customers in the U.S. and Japan have given their assurances .
Over the next 30 years , Molycorp is permitted to make its pit 300 feet deeper , which could increase the world ’s supply of rare earths by 10 percent or more a year .
But the consequences of the nascent green nationalism behind the mine ’s revival — a weird amalgam of environmentalism , economics , and national security — will likely be less predictable .
Consider the views of the industry analyst Jack Lifton — by no stretch your standard environmental activist ( “ I do n’t give a rat ’s ass about global warming ” ) .
To protect U.S. industry from supply shocks , he has called on the government to mandate the recycling of strategic minerals .
A “ bottle bill ” for cars , long dismissed as an environmentalist ’s dream , is just one possible outcome .
Another could be a backlash of resource nationalism in supplier nations like China .
As green nationalism ’s potent mix of idealism and fear changes the kinds of cars we drive , it also promises to change the course of globalization .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Det er noget rod at drive et parti med tre ledere .
Det er for lidt at holde gruppe - møde en gang om ugen , når man ikke har nogen politik .
Og endelig giver Simon Emil Ammitzbøll dokumentaristen Christoffer Guldbrandsen en stor del af skylden for , at projekt Ny Alliance røg på jorden .
- Det var en stor fejl , at sige ja til at blive fulgt af et kamera hele tiden .
Vi har også fået tilbuddet , men har sagt nej , fordi det forstyrrer hele projektet .
Det er alt , alt for risikabelt , siger Simon Emil Ammitzbøll , der lige nu forsøger at bygge det centrum - højre parti op , som Khader , Seeberg og Samuelsen drømte om .
En politisk tragedie
- Filmen er jo reelt en politisk tragedie , der er bygget over karaktererne ' den gode , den grusomme og den virkelig sjove ' .
Virkeligheden er nok en anelse mere nuanceret , men alle kan lære noget af at se den film , siger Simon Emil , der har et mantra , for den måde , hans parti skal bygges op på :
- Borgerligt Centrum skal lære af Dansk Folkepartis succeser , og vi skal lære af Ny Alliances fiaskoer .
Tror du på at Simon Emil Ammitzbøll har større succes med sit centrum - højre projekt , end Naser Khader ?
Solving the ext3 latency problem
This article brought to you by LWN subscribers Subscribers to LWN .
net made this article — and everything that surrounds it — possible .
If you appreciate our content , please buy a subscription and make the next set of articles possible .
fsync ()
One might think that the ext3 filesystem , by virtue of being standard on almost all installed Linux systems for some years now , would be reasonably well tuned for performance .
Recent events have shown , though , that some performance problems remain in ext3 , especially in places where thesystem call is used .
It 's impressive what can happen when attention is drawn to a problem ; the 2.6.30 kernel will contain fixes which seemingly eliminate many of the latencies experienced by ext3 users .
This article will look at the changes that were made , including a surprising change to the default journaling mode made just before the 2.6.30 - rc1 release .
The problem , in short , is this : the ext3 filesystem , when running in the default data=ordered mode , can exhibit lengthy stalls when some process calls fsync ( ) to flush data to disk .
This issue most famously manifested itself as the much - lamented Firefox system - freeze problem , but it goes beyond just Firefox .
Anytime there is reasonably heavy I /O going on , an fsync ( ) call can bring everything to a halt for several seconds .
Some stalls on the order of minutes have been reported .
This behavior has tended to discourage the use of fsync ( ) in applications and it makes the Linux desktop less fun to use .
It 's clearly worth fixing - but nobody did that for years .
When Ted Ts'o looked into the problem , he noticed an obvious problem : data sent to the disk via fsync ( ) is put at the back of the I/ O scheduler 's queue , behind all other outstanding requests .
If processes on the system are writing a lot of data , that queue could be quite long .
So it takes a long time for fsync ( ) to complete .
While that is happening , other parts of the filesystem can stall , eventually bringing much of the system to a halt .
The first fix was to mark I /O requests generated by fsync ( ) with the WRITE_SYNC operation bit , marking them as synchronous requests .
The CFQ I/O scheduler tries to run synchronous requests ( which generally have a process waiting for the results ) ahead of asynchronous ones ( where nobody is waiting ) .
Normally , reads are considered to be synchronous , while writes are not .
Once the fsync ( ) - related requests were made synchronous , they were able to jump ahead of normal I /O .
That makes fsync ( ) much faster , at the expense of slowing down the I /O - intensive tasks in the system .
This is considered to be a good tradeoff by just about everybody involved .
( It 's amusing to note that this change is conceptually similar to the I/O priority patch posted by Arjan van de Ven some time ago ; some ideas take a while to reach acceptance ) .
Block subsystem maintainer Jens Axboe disliked the change , though , stating that it would cause severe performance regressions for some workloads .
Linus made it clear , though , that the patch was probably going to go in , and that , if the CFQ I/O scheduler could n't handle it , there would soon be a change to a different default scheduler .
Jens probably would have looked further in any case , but the extra motivation supplied by Linus is unlikely to have slowed this process down .
The problem , as it turns out , is that WRITE_SYNC actually does two things : putting the request onto the higher - priority synchronous queue , and unplugging the queue .
" Plugging " is the technique used by the block layer to issue requests to the underlying disk driver in bursts .
Between bursts , the queue is " plugged , " causing requests to accumulate there .
This accumulation gives the I/O scheduler an opportunity to merge adjacent requests and issue them in some sort of reasonable order .
Judicious use of plugging improves block subsystem performance significantly .
Unplugging the queue for a synchronous request can make sense in some situations ; if somebody is waiting for the the operation , chances are they will not be adding any adjacent requests to the queue , so there is no point in waiting any longer .
As it happens , though , fsync ( ) is not one of those situations .
Instead , a call to fsync ( ) will usually generate a whole series of synchronous requests , and the chances of those requests being adjacent to each other is fairly good .
So unplugging the queue after each synchronous request is likely to make performance worse .
Upon identifying this problem , Jens posted a series of patches to fix it .
One of them adds a new WRITE_SYNC_PLUG operation which queues a synchronous write without unplugging the queue .
This allows operations like fsync ( ) to create a series of operations , then unplug the queue once at the end .
While he was at it , Jens fixed a couple of related issues .
One was that the block subsystem can still sometimes run synchronous requests behind asynchronous requests in some situations .
The code here is a bit tricky , since it may be desirable to let a few asynchronous requests through occasionally to prevent them from being starved entirely .
Jens changed the balance to ensure that synchronous requests get through in a timely manner .
Beyond that , the CFQ scheduler uses " anticipatory " logic with synchronous requests ; upon executing one such request , it will stall the queue to see if an adjacent request shows up .
The idea is that the disk head will be ideally positioned to satisfy that request , so the best performance is obtained by not moving it away immediately .
This logic can work well for synchronous reads , but it's not helpful when dealing with write operations generated by fsync ( ) .
So now there 's a new internal flag that prevents anticipation when WRITE_SYNC_PLUG operations are executed .
Linus liked the changes :
Goodie .
Let 's just do this .
After all , right now we would otherwise have to revert the other changes as being a regression , and I absolutely _love_ the fact that we 're actually finally getting somewhere on this fsync latency issue that has been with us for so long .
It turns out that there 's a little more , though .
Linus noticed that he was still getting stalls , even if they were much shorter than before , and he wondered why :
One thing that I find intriguing is how the fsync time seems so _consistent_ across a wild variety of drives .
It 's interesting how you see delays that are roughly the same order of magnitude , even though you are using an old SATA drive , and I 'm using the Intel SSD .
The obvious conclusion is that there was still something else going on .
Linus 's hypothesis was that the volume of requests pending to the drive was large enough to cause stalls even when the synchronous requests go to the front of the queue .
With a default configuration , requests can contain up to 512KB of data ; stack up a couple dozen or so of those , and it 's going to take the drive a little while to work through them .
Linus experimented with setting the maximum size ( controlled by / sys / block / drive / queue / max_sectors_kb ) to 64KB , and reports that things worked a lot better .
As of this writing , though , the default has not been changed ; Linus suggested that it might make sense to cap the maximum amount of outstanding data , rather than the size of any individual request .
More experimentation is called for .
There is one other important change needed to get a truly quick fsync ( ) with ext3 , though : the filesystem must be mounted in data=writeback mode .
This mode eliminates the requirement that data blocks be flushed to disk ahead of metadata ; in data=ordered mode , instead , the amount of data to be written guarantees that fsync ( ) will always be slower .
Switching to data=writeback eliminates those writes , but , in the process , it also turns off the feature which made ext3 seem more robust than ext4 .
Ted Ts'o has mitigated that problem somewhat , though , by adding in the same safeguards he put into ext4 .
In some situations ( such as when a new file is renamed on top of an existing file ) , data will be forced out ahead of metadata .
As a result , data loss resulting from a system crash should be less of a problem .
Sidebar : data=guarded Another alternative to data=ordered may be the data=guarded mode proposed by Chris Mason .
This mode would delay size updates to prevent information disclosure problems .
It is a very new patch , though , which wo n't be ready for 2.6.30 .
data=writeback
data=ordered
The other potential problem withis that , in some situations , a crash can leave a file with blocks allocated to it which have not yet been written .
Those blocks may contain somebody else 's old data , which is a potential security problem .
Security is a smaller issue than it once was , for the simple reason that multiuser Linux systems are relatively scarce in 2009 .
In a world where most systems are dedicated to a single user , the potential for information disclosure in the event of a crash seems vanishingly small .
In other words , it 's not clear that the extra security provided byis worth the associated performance costs anymore .
So Ted suggested that , maybe , data=writeback should be made the default .
There was some resistance to this idea ; not everybody thinks that ext3 , at this stage of its life , should see a big option change like that .
Linus , however , was unswayed by the arguments .
He merged a patch which creates a configuration option for the default ext3 data mode , and set it to " writeback . "
That will cause ext3 mounts to silently switch to data=writeback mode with 2.6.30 kernels .
Says Linus :
I 'm expecting that within a few months , most modern distributions will have ( almost by mistake ) gotten a new set of saner defaults , and anybody who keeps their machine up - to - date will see a smoother experience without ever even realizing _why_ .
It 's worth noting that this default will not change anything if ( 1 ) the data mode is explicitly specified when the filesystem is mounted , or ( 2 ) a different mode has been wired into the filesystem with tune2fs .
It will also be ineffective if distributors change it back to " ordered " when configuring their kernels .
Some distributors , at least , may well decide that they do not wish to push that kind of change to their users .
We will not see the answer to that question for some months yet .
Der wegen des Angriffs auf den deutschen Frachter „ MV Courier “ verhaftetete mutmaßliche Pirat , Ali Mohamed A. D. , verlangt von den deutschen Ministerien für Inneres , Verteidigung und Justiz sowie vom Auswärtigen Amtm , dass sie „ all den materiellen und immateriellen Schaden ersetzen “ , der ihm durch seine „ unrechtmäßige Überstellung “ an Kenia entstanden sei und entstehen werde .
Die Klageschrift wurde am Dienstag beim Berliner Landgericht eingereicht .
Den Streitwert der Amtshaftungsklage beziffert Rechtsanwalt Oliver Wallasch darin auf vorläufig 10 000 Euro .
Die beklagten Bundesministerien hätten vor der Übergabe seines Mandanten an die kenianische Justiz gewusst , dass A.D. im Gefängnis keine medizinische Versorgung erhalten und in einer Gemeinschaftszelle ohne Privatsphäre oder sanitäre Grundversorgung untergebracht würde , heißt es in dem Schriftsatz .
Aufgrund dieser „ unmenschlichen Unterbringung “ könne sein Mandant „ lebensbedrohliche Krankheiten “ bekommen und sich zudem mangels Bestellung von Pflichtverteidigern in Kenia vor Gericht möglicherweise „ nicht ordnungsgemäß verteidigen “ , begründet Wallasch die Klage weiter .
Gesundheitsgefährdende Haft
Die Ministerien hätten also „ wissentlich und willentlich den Kläger in die Gefahr des Todes beziehungsweise der erheblichen Gesundheitsgefährdung begeben “ , wenngleich auf der Grundlage eines „ vermeintlich “ dies rechtfertigenden Abkommens mit Kenia , heißt es in der Klageschrift .
Da die Beklagten aber um die Zustände im betreffenden Gefängnis gewusst hätten , hätten sie rechtswidrig und schuldhaft gehandelt und somit ihre Amtspflichten verletzt .
Während bei Auslieferungsverfahren sehr wohl Mindeststandards wie Haftbedingungen im ersuchenden Staat überprüft würden , seien diese bei der Übergabe von Bord der Fregatte „ Rheinland - Pfalz “ missachtet worden .
Sein Mandant könne den konkreten Schaden derzeit zwar noch nicht beziffern , wolle aber bereits seinen grundsätzlichen Anspruch auf Schadenersatz gerichtlich festgestellt wissen , erklärte Wallasch .
Im Übrigen sei A.D. „ zu keinem Zeitpunkt an einem Akt der Piraterie beteiligt “ gewesen und fürchte nun , dass an ihm dennoch „ ein Exempel statuiert werden könnte “ .
Ein weiterer mutmaßlicher somalischer Pirat , Mohamud Mohamed H. , ließ seinen Anwalt Andreas Schulz am Dienstag einen Eilantrag beim Verwaltungsgericht Berlin einreichen .
Dieser zielt auf eine gerichtliche Verpflichtung des Auswärtigen Amtes ab , die Kosten für H.s deutschen Wahlverteidiger zu übernehmen und diesem umfassenden diplomatischen und konsularischen Schutz bei Ausübung seines Verteidigungsauftrags in Kenia zu gewähren .
Zur Begründung heißt es in dem Schriftsatz , H. habe „ einen völkerrechtlich und subjektiv einforderbaren Anspruch auf Bestellung und Bezahlung eines Verteidigers “ .
Die Verteidigung bei dem am 22 .
April im kenianischen Mombasa beginnenden Strafprozess sei bislang nicht sichergestellt .
Neben A.D. und H. haben sich laut Wallasch noch drei weitere der mutmaßlichen Piraten einen deutschen Anwalt genommen .
Die insgesamt neun Somalier waren Anfang März von der Bundeswehr im Golf von Aden gefasst worden .
So let ’s try a non-controversial subject for a change .
Like legalizing marijuana .
Carlos Santana is in favor of it .
Does n’t that count ?
( I ’m kidding , of course . )
The US is currently spending more than $ 10 billion every year trying to stop people from consuming marijuana , and getting absolutely nowhere .
Is it time to make it legal — prohibit kids from buying it , but tax it for adults ?
Some people estimate that California alone could rake in more than $ 15 billion annually if that happened .
UPDATE at 4/5/09 8:40:48 pm :
Here ’s Penn Jillette ’s take :
Youtube Video
Come on in !
We 've left the churchlight on for you .
The Church of the Apathetic Agnostic welcomes you to ApatheticAgnostic.com .
Forwarding urls include ApatheticAgnostic.org , uctaa.com , uctaa.net , uctaa.org
On the Internet since 1995 .
Site updated on 31 January 2020 .
I am pleased to see the site still attracts visitors , some of whom take the time to reply with their thoughts .
Details on the update are below .
Further updates will depend entirely on reader submissions .
Your article submissions and thoughtful comments on previously published articles would be appreciated to help keep this site active .
The site owner has now ended his written contributions .
( See Meditation 1400 & 1401 ) Guest articles will continue to be published .
Applications for memberhip and ordination are no longer available .
Requests for replacement documentation and for Certificates of Good Standing will continue to be actioned indefinitely , provided JT remains reasonably able to respond .
Your contributions for publication , pro and con , are encouraged .
Submissions for publication are not limited to non-fiction and opinion .
Fiction and poetry from an agnostic viewpoint is appropriate ; artwork including cartoons and comic strips , and multimedia files are also suitable for publication .
If you have the talent , we invite you to keep this site active .
Enter the site
or make a selection from current updates below
Current Updates :
The links below lead to the tables of contents of the sections in which articles are located .
For direct links to new articles , see site notes .
* Questions and solutions provided as per IIT - JEE 2009 Code - 6 Paper
Swine flu has spread across the world since emerging in Mexico and is now officially the first flu pandemic for 40 years .
Experts fear millions of people will be infected .
What is swine flu and what are the symptoms ?
SWINE FLU SYMPTOMS
Typical symptoms : sudden fever ( 38C or above ) and sudden cough Other symptoms include : 1 . Tiredness and chills 2 .
Headache , sore throat , runny nose and sneezing 3 .
Stomach upset , loss of appetite , diarrhoea 4 .
Aching muscles , limb or joint pain Source : NHS
Swine flu is a respiratory disease , caused by a strain of the influenza type A virus known as H1N1 .
H1N1 is the same strain which causes seasonal outbreaks of flu in humans on a regular basis .
But this latest version is different : it contains genetic material that is typically found in strains of the virus that affect humans , birds and swine .
Although the strain may have originated in pigs , it is now a wholly human disease .
It can be spread from person to person by coughing and sneezing .
Symptoms of swine flu in humans appear to be similar to those produced by standard , seasonal flu - fever , cough , sore throat , body aches and chills .
Some people with the virus have also reported nausea and diarrhoea .
However , many people who get flu show no symptoms at all .
Health experts say this could happen in half of all cases and with swine flu an analysis has shown that for children one in four of those infected may not fall ill .
What are the risks of the flu ?
Experts have wrestled with the question ever since the pandemic emerged .
The problem is that for most people it is mild - about 98 % recover without the need for any hospital treatment .
But doctors have found it very hard to predict who will develop complications , hence it has been dubbed a " Jekyll and Hyde " virus .
A fifth of the people who have died have been previously healthy individuals without any health conditions .
Nonetheless , certain groups are known to be at higher risk .
Pregnant women are between three to four times more likely to get seriously ill .
Young children also have higher rates of hospitalisation - although this could be partly because doctors are quicker to admit them .
Should I have the vaccine if offered it ?
The vaccination programme is well under way .
Nearly 14 m people , including NHS workers , people with health problems and pregnant women , were due to be offered the jab before Christmas 2009 .
Healthy children under the age of five were also due to start getting it .
But already polls have suggested people are worried about whether to get vaccinated .
The government says that getting immunised is the best way to protect yourself against flu .
However , its experts recognise that people are jumpy about vaccines and have said it is very much a personal decision .
People who are suspicious of vaccines often talk about the risk of complications .
One of the most common which is mentioned in association with flu vaccines is Guillain - Barré syndrome ( GBS ) , a rare disorder in which a person 's own immune system damages the nerve cells , causing muscle weakness and sometimes paralysis .
Most of the evidence suggests vaccines do not increase the risk , however there is research to indicate that getting flu increases it seven - fold .
Another allegation sometimes made is that being given the vaccine could actually give you flu .
Doctors are adamant this is not the case - the two vaccines being used in the UK do not contain the live virus .
As for deaths , the World Health Organization has been monitoring this and while a handful of people have died after being given the vaccine , officials have ruled out any link to the jab .
Why has the UK been more affected than other countries ?
The UK has a comprehensive flu surveillance system , hence more cases may be identified in the UK than in other countries with less comprehensive monitoring services .
Also , the spread of the infection in the early stages was linked to flights out of Mexico .
FLU PANDEMICS 1918 : The Spanish flu pandemic remains the most devastating outbreak of modern times .
Caused by a form of the H1N1 strain of flu , it is estimated that up to 40 % of the world 's population were infected , and more than 50 million people died , with young adults particularly badly affected 1957 : Asian flu killed two million people .
Caused by a human form of the virus , H2N2 , combining with a mutated strain found in wild ducks .
The impact of the pandemic was minimised by rapid action by health authorities , who identified the virus , and made vaccine available speedily .
The elderly were particularly vulnerable 1968 : An outbreak first detected in Hong Kong , and caused by a strain known as H3N2 , killed up to one million people globally , with those over 65 most likely to die
With Mexico being a popular tourist destination for British tourists , Britain was one of the first countries alongside the US and Canada to start seeing cases .
As the UK was affected earlier than some other countries the infection spread to a higher number of people at the start of the pandemic .
However , as the British summer progressed , cases fell , while southern hemisphere countries saw rises as they went through their winters .
More recently cases have started going up again in the UK , but other countries , such as France , also have high rates .
What should I do if I think I have it ?
As the National Flu Service , which dealt with suspected cases at the height of pandemic has now closed , anyone who suspects they have swine flu should ring their GP practice for advice .
The flu information website is still available at www.direct.gov.uk/pandemicflu.
In the initial phase of the outbreak , lab testing was done to diagnose the flu but this is no longer happening routinely .
How is swine flu treated ?
Two drugs commonly used to treat flu , Tamiflu and Relenza , are effective at treating infection , reducing the length of the illness and cutting the chances that people will have serious complications .
Use of these drugs may also make it less likely that infected people will pass the virus on to others .
However , the drugs must be administered at an early stage to be effective .
Researchers have also questioned whether the drugs are helpful in children aged between one and 12 , saying the risk of side effects might outweigh any benefits .
But the Department of Health maintained a " safety - first approach " of offering antivirals to everyone remains a sensible and responsible way forward .
It said it would keep the policy under review .
Where can I get further advice ?
Further information and advice on swine flu can be found at websites of leading health and research organisations around the world .
The World Health Organisation gives background information on the virus .
The UK's government services website is carrying regularly updated health and travel information .
The Health Protection Agency advises the public about what to do if returning from an affected area .
NHS Choices outlines how swine flu is different from other flu .
The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control is another good source of information .
The US government 's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is counting the number of cases in the US .
You can also track spread of swine flu reports using unofficial sources .
Google is mapping search term data as an indicator of flu activity both across the US down to state level and in Mexico .
Healthmaps maps viruses using news reports .
Social media guide Mashable lists a range of ways to track the virus .
Information and links to useful websites are being shared on Twitter , the micro-blogging service , while social networking website Facebook is tracking swine flu discussion amongst users .
Further questions from our readers have been answered by a UK - based expert .
And the BBC 's medical correspondent , Fergus Walsh , is filing regular entries on his blog on H1N1 .
Building B30 is a large , stained , concrete edifice that stands at the centre of Sellafield , Britain 's sprawling nuclear processing plant in Cumbria .
Surrounded by a three - metre - high fence that is topped with razor wire , encased in scaffolding and riddled with a maze of sagging pipes and cabling , it would never be a contender to win an architectural prize .
Yet B30 has a powerful claim to fame , albeit a disturbing one .
" It is the most hazardous industrial building in western Europe , " according to George Beveridge , Sellafield 's deputy managing director .
Nor is it hard to understand why the building possesses such a fearsome reputation .
Piles of old nuclear reactor parts and decaying fuel rods , much of them of unknown provenance and age , line the murky , radioactive waters of the cooling pond in the centre of B30 .
Down there , pieces of contaminated metal have dissolved into sludge that emits heavy and potentially lethal doses of radiation .
It is an unsettling place , though B30 is certainly not unique .
There is Building B38 next door , for example .
" That 's the second most hazardous industrial building in Europe , " said Beveridge .
Here highly radioactive cladding from reactor fuel rods is stored , also under water .
And again , engineers have only a vague idea what else has been dumped in its cooling pond and left to disintegrate for the past few decades .
During the miners ' strike of 1972 , the nation 's nuclear plants were run at full stretch in order to supply electricity to a beleaguered nation .
As a result , it proved impossible to process all the waste that was being generated .
Cladding and fuel were simply thrown into B38's cooling ponds and left to disintegrate .
But the building , like so many other elderly edifices at Sellafield , is crumbling and engineers now face the headache of dealing with its lethal contents .
This , then , is the dark heart of Sellafield , a place where engineers and scientists are only now confronting the legacy of Britain 's postwar atomic aspirations and the toxic wasteland that has been created on the Cumbrian coast .
Engineers estimate that it could cost the nation up to £ 50 bn to clean this up over the next 100 years .
The figure is , by far , the largest part of the £ 73bn that has been committed to cleaning up Britain 's nuclear - polluted past .
It is also an acute embarrassment to the government , which is now anxiously promoting nuclear power as the solution to Britain 's energy problems .
Last week ministers revealed a list of 11 sites for new nuclear plants around Britain .
Atomic power will be the nation 's salvation as it battles global warming and seeks to cut its carbon emissions , they insisted .
But the condition of edifices such as B30 and B38 - and all the other " legacy " structures built at Sellafield decades ago - suggest Britain might end up paying a heavy price for this new commitment to nuclear energy .
After all , if it is going to cost that much to decommission early reactors , green groups and opponents of nuclear energy are asking , what might we end up paying for a second clean - up if we go ahead with new nuclear plants ?
For its part , the nuclear industry is adamant .
New reactors will produce little waste and pose few threats to the environment , say UK nuclear chiefs who point to the example of France where almost 80 % of electricity is generated by atomic fission and waste is safely reprocessed .
Atomic energy today is safe and
Sellafield 's problems are merely a historic accident - the result of Britain 's desperation to be a leading postwar power , they say .
But it will be a tricky job convincing the public that modern nuclear plants are the answer to Britain 's energy worries , given that there are buildings in Sellafield filled with " appalling radioactive crap " , as one senior nuclear physicist put it , and which will cost tens of billions of pounds to clean up .
" It is going to be a very difficult business , " admitted Dr Paul Howarth , executive director of Dalton Nuclear Institute at Manchester University .
" The taxpayer now has to pay around £ 1.5 bn a year to clean up Sellafield 's waste problems and will have to maintain that investment for years to come .
" That is a very large financial commitment .
Nevertheless it would be wrong to dismiss nuclear energy out of hand .
Modern reactors are indeed very different creations compared to the first reactors that were built at Sellafield in the 1940s and 1950s .
New ones produce relatively little waste , will be easy to decommission and are intrinsically clean and safe .
Convincing the public of these points will not be easy , however . "
A former second world war ordnance factory , Sellafield was chosen to be the site for Britain 's first atomic reactors - known as Pile 1 and Pile 2 .
These were not built to generate electricity , but to produce plutonium for the nation 's independent nuclear deterrent .
Construction was carried out at breakneck speed as political leaders pressed scientists to complete the project quickly .
As a result of these efforts , Britain was able to explode its own atomic bombs by 1952 .
The UK became a nuclear power and won itself a permanent seat on the UN security council , thanks to its nuclear engineers and scientists .
But success came at an appalling price .
Those scientists had no time to think about the waste produced by their atomic bomb programme , a point starkly demonstrated by another Sellafield legacy building , B41 .
It still stores the aluminium cladding for the uranium fuel rods that were burnt inside Piles 1 and 2 .
That aluminium posed serious disposal problems when it was removed , in a highly radioactive state , from the two reactors as their fuel was decommissioned and their plutonium extracted .
So scientists hit on what seemed to be an ingenious solution : they would dump it in a silo .
" If you drive across the plains of North America , you see these isolated grain silos where farmers store their grain , " says Beveridge .
" And that , essentially , is what B41 is - a grain silo . "
Nuclear waste was tipped in at the top of B41 once it was erected and then allowed to fall to the bottom .
Later , when it was realised that pieces of aluminium and magnesium among this waste could catch fire and cause widespread contamination , inert argon gas had to be pumped in to smother potential blazes .
And so , for the past 60 years , building B41 has remained in this state , its highly radioactive contents mingling and reacting with each other .
Now engineers have been told to clear it up .
They do , fortunately , have a plan .
In a few years , vast metal - cutting machines will be brought into Sellafield and used to slice into the sides of the B41 silo before mechanical grabs pull out and sort through its contents .
Then this radioactive debris will be mixed with liquid glass and allowed to solidify , a process known as vitrification , before it is kept for subsequent storage in underground vaults .
Isolating this material will be immensely difficult , however : B41 will have to be covered and sealed to ensure no leakage of radioactive material .
At the same time , the giant cutting machines employed to slice open the silo will have to negotiate the treacherous , tight concourses that separate Sellafield 's different buildings .
These are lined with cabling , ducts and , most worrying of all , elevated pipes , called pipe - bridges , that carry radioactive liquid waste around the site .
Damaging or opening up one of these could have disastrous consequences .
Hence the care taken by engineers as they prepare their plans for B41 while their colleagues continue their work at the silo 's sister plant , B29 , where decommissioning work has already begun .
In effect , B29 is simply a huge covered cooling pond that once stretched between the heat stacks of Piles 1 and 2 .
Fuel rods were removed from these two reactors , moved into the cooling pond of B29 and split open .
Most of this material was removed for reprocessing but several tonnes of waste and old fuel still lies below the pond 's thick milky waters and it is the task of Steve Topping , leader of the building 's decommissioning team , to ensure that this is extracted and safely stored .
Calm , with greying hair , Topping has a reassuringly confident air about his work despite the fact he has to deal with tonnes of nuclear waste and old oxide fuel whose exact composition and location is unknown .
" The trouble is there is no one left at Sellafield to tell us where things were put down there .
The stuff in the pond has been down there for 50 years , " says Topping .
Today B29 is showing its age and looks more like a dirty old dock than a pool with its crumbling grey concrete , grimy brickwork and old ducts and sections of corroding pipes .
The water is filled with green algae and has the clarity of Milk of Magnesia , which defies all efforts to see what lies beneath .
To clean it up , robot machines will soon begin to split open the submerged skips in which old waste and fuel from Piles 1 and 2 are stored .
The radioactive sludge at the bottom of the pool will then be pumped into a new tank that is now under construction beside B29 .
Then the internal linings of its walls will be scraped clean of radioactivity before the edifice is taken down , concrete section by concrete section .
At the same time , the most dangerous waste will be vitrified ready for disposal .
The whole process will take at least 10 years to complete - and that is just for a single building .
On top of the dismantling of B29 and B41 , in which the waste from Britain 's atom bomb programme is stored , there are the headaches that will be involved when dealing with the contents of B30 and B38 .
These hold the leftovers from the nation 's first civil reactor programme , a series of reactors known as Magnox plants .
Eleven of these were built and two are still in operation .
Piles of the waste they have generated is to be found around Sellafield awaiting the attention of engineers like Topping , who has spent his working life at the site .
" Sometimes I think this is the best job in the world , " he said .
" There are real skills needed to dismantle buildings like these .
Every action has to be carefully planned .
I love being among it all .
On other days , though , it is really frustrating work .
Everything has to be done in such a slow , safe and controlled manner . "
The key problem for Sellafield is that so much of its highly radioactive waste has been stored in water .
This was done to cool fuel rods and cladding as they emerged from reactors heated to hundreds of degrees celsius .
But once in water , they disintegrated and immediately posed a hazard in case a pond wall became breached .
And that is why Sellafield is now undergoing its massively expensive clean - up .
Those pond walls are getting old and their contents - forgotten by politicians for half a century - must be turned into solid waste that can be contained safely and buried once Britain has finally decided on the location of a deep underground repository .
" We are delivering the largest environmental restoration programme in Europe and making safe and disposing of some of the most hazardous material anywhere in the world , much of which originates from early nuclear research and military projects , " says Richard Waite , acting chief executive of the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority .
" At the same time we are providing essential services to enable current nuclear sites to ' keep the lights on ' . "
Nuclear opponents have less complimentary views about what goes on at Sellafield , of course .
The place is " a slow - motion Chernobyl " , according to campaigners from Greenpeace , a group which has a reputation for never missing out on the catchy phrase .
Nevertheless , Greenpeace has a point .
Many of Sellafield 's buildings are , essentially , no more than containers of highly radioactive scrap whose disposal is set to devour tens of billions of pounds of taxpayers ' money .
The site has become the biggest , and mostly easily waved , stick in the armoury of the green movement .
As one senior employee admitted : " If you want to object to anything nuclear , you just have to point to Sellafield . "
In fact , Sellafield is a classic illustration of the failure of British industry .
We were pioneers of nuclear power but in our desire to build our own atomic weapons , failed abysmally when it came to developing and managing our own civil reactors and reprocessing plants .
As a result , we have been left with a multibillion - pound clean - up bill and the prospect of buying either American or French reactors for our next generation nuclear plants .
The lesson of Sellafield is not so much that nuclear power is dangerous but that Britain seems incapable of implementing any long - term engineering plan that comes its way , from high - speed trains to wind turbines or rocket launchers .
MUSIC NEWS - Just off a two month sold - out tour for his Hope for the Hopeless release , fold - rock singer , songwriter Brett Dennen appears tonight ( 4/14/09 ) on Craig Ferguson .
But Brett 's got more - next Tuesday , April 21st , he 'll be on Ellen to perform , then a stop at Carson Daly ’s studio on Thursday , April 23rd .
And his track “ So Far From Me ” will also be on Grey ’s Anatomy at the end of the month !
So , listen up !
And see BRETT live this summer with O.A.R. and on the festival circuit -
Swans youngster Elijah Taylor 's actions have been strongly condemned by both the club and the AFL after he pleaded guilty .
Within the last week , two things happened : I finally got around to checking out the Fox show Fringe , the first season of which I noticed sitting tantalizingly in the Playstation Store , and my Ars colleague Erica Sadun wrote an article exploring all the delightful little Easter eggs sprinkled throughout the show .
In particular she devotes some special attention to the so - called “ glyph code ” — a series of weird images flanked by glowing dots that appear as interstitial bumpers before commercial breaks .
If I had n’t been way nerdy for crypto before I started writing about the NSA habitually , that certainly pushed me over the edge , and I could n’t resist taking a stab myself .
Now , here ’s the part that pains me just a bit : Erica did a whole bunch of work that ultimately enabled me to crack the thing in a couple of minutes , but stopped just a hair short of the solution .
From where she left off , it ’s actually incredibly simple once you make one crucial assumption .
Alas , there ’s no deep dark mystery about the show ’s arc concealed here , and the solution ’s actually a bit anticlimactic , but it ’s below the fold for those who are interested .
So the code is nothing fancy :
It ’s a simple one - to - one , monoalphabetic substitution cypher .
But it ’s isolated words , not a sentence , so handy strings like “ the ” or “ and ” do n’t recur .
Crucially , there are a couple of letters missing from Erica ’s transcription of the pilot episode glyphs and possibly an extra glyph for episode 3 , at least as compared with the list here .
Also , it looks like there was a flub in the glyphs aired for episode 5 .
Throw a couple errors into the mix and a dictionary attack on a string of characters with no breaks becomes computationally infeasible .
( If you want a reasonably quick result from your laptop , anyway . )
But it ’s trivial if you know where the word breaks are .
Well , by “ trivial ” I mean “ trivial when someone else has already written a really solid algorithm for brute - forcing a ciphertext with a probability - weighted wordlist , and you can just use their code . ”
The “ someone ” in this case is UC Irvine computer science prof David Eppstein , whose program and dictionary made short work of the string I gave it despite several errors in that ciphertext .
Basically , Eppstein and Erica Sadun did all the real work here , and I combined the products of their efforts with a few minor tweaks .
[ Update :
And it strikes me I ’m being sloppy here ; “ brute force ” implies blindly running through possible keys and checking against a dictionary , which is emphatically not how Eppstein ’s very elegant program works — the curious should just read his explanation . ]
Sometimes the answers that seem too obvious are correct : Each episode yields a single word , in most cases relating to a central theme of the episode .
Glancing around the Internets , it looks like the key omission some other folks trying to solve it were making was a failure to take into account the orientation of the image and the position of the glowing dot that appears with each .
If you do n’t factor those in , of course , the cipher seems insoluble because you ’re counting a whole series of distinct symbols as a single glyph .
Anyway , the solutions for the episodes to date are :
1 : OBSERVER
2 : CHILD
3 : AEGER [ Latin for “ sick ” ]
4 : ROGUE
5 : SURGG [ should be SURGE ? ]
6 : CELLS
7 : CODES
8 : TAKEN
9 : VOICE
10 : TRADE
11 : SAVED
12 : BISHOP
13 : AVIAN
14 : OLIVIA
For those who want to play along at home , that makes the letter - to - glyph assignment as below .
Not all letters have been assigned glyphs yet , obviously .
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Between cracking that and writing this post , I ’ve probably given this an hour , which is really more than enough , but if someone wants to Photoshop those together into a translation grid for easy reference so people can transcribe the word for the episode as they watch , I ’ll happily post it here .
( Done !
See update below . )
Eyeballing the incomplete key so far , there do seem to be some obvious glyph clusters , and I should note the possibility that solving the substitution cipher is only step one .
Think , for instance , of those acrostic puzzles you sometimes see in the New York Times Magazine , where you fill in responses to a series of clues , then rearrange the letters into an adjacent grid to form a quotation .
For purposes of cryptanalysis we can just treat each glyph as though it were a distinct letter chosen at random .
But the glyphs actually have internal structure too .
They ’re a combination of three features : Image , orientation ( i.e. each image has a mirror version ) and one of ( at least ) three positions for those glowing dots .
Cracking the cipher puts those symbols in a natural order ; conceivably there ’s some further puzzle to be solved by analysis of that series .
Or possibly not … again , I ’ve probably given this one too much energy for now , but others might want to give it a look .
Update : Dennis at FringeTelevision has gone ahead and gotten his Photoshop on , producing a lovely , suitable - for - framing key to the glyph cipher .
Apparently there ’s a new episode tonight , and while I ’ll have to wait for it to show up in the PS3 store , those of you with advanced “ receiver ” technology for your TVs can print out a copy and see what the magic word of the day is :
You can get a bigger version at the link above , or another printer - friendly key from the folks at Fringe Podcast .
By Duncan Kennedy
BBC News , Rome
David Mills says he is intending to appeal against his conviction
The British corporate lawyer , David Mills , has been found guilty of accepting a bribe in return for giving false evidence in two court cases .
It is claimed Mills received a pay - off amounting to $ 600,000 ( around £ 350,000 ) from Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
A court in Milan has sentenced Mills to four years and six months .
He says he is innocent and will appeal .
The case goes back to two trials involving Mr Berlusconi in 1997 and 1998 .
In short , it was claimed Mills was paid to keep quiet about the prime minister 's offshore companies , so Mr Berlusconi could avoid paying tax .
Mills was an expert witness in tax affairs and his evidence is believed to have helped clear Mr Berlusconi .
Mills is said to have used the money he received to pay off the mortgage on the London home that he shared with Tessa Jowell , Britain 's Olympics minister .
A UK parliamentary inquiry cleared Ms Jowell of any involvement .
The couple are now separated .
The prosecution in this latest trial have tried to portray the whole case as being about power and money .
Winning an appeal would go a long way to establishing not only Mills 's innocence but also restoring his reputation
Power for Silvio Berlusconi .
Money for David Mills .
Will Mills actually go to prison and where does the case leave the Italian prime minister ?
Probably not , is the answer to the first question .
Mills has already told the BBC he intends to appeal and says he has solid grounds for doing so .
He 's very angry that it has all come to this and thinks he 's the victim of political manoeuvrings .
Under Italy 's glacial legal system any appeal process could take another one , two , three or more years .
That could then run up against the country 's statute of limitations , which cuts in after seven and a half years .
Immunity laws
So , he could win his appeal , but even if he does n't , the prosecution might simply run out of time to convict him .
Either way he would walk .
For someone like David Mills winning an appeal would be much more favourable , as it would go a long way to establishing not only his innocence but also restoring his reputation .
As for Mr Berlusconi , he has a built - in get - out - jail - free card , at least for now .
His own administration controversially passed an immunity from prosecution law last year for himself and a handful of other senior ministers .
So he can't be touched whilst in office .
However , the charges are suspended , they do n't go away .
Case veteran
Yet , even if they did come back to haunt him after he left office , Mr Berlusconi has a proven track record of exhausting all appeals procedures under Italian law .
Mr Berlusconi insists he is innocent , and denies paying Mr Mills .
Silvio Berlusconi cannot be prosecuted while he is in office
He is no stranger to the Italian legal system , with one estimate claiming he has been involved in 2,500 hearings during his long career .
In some cases he has even been found guilty .
The charges in the past have included corruption , false accounting and bribery .
But he 's never been to jail as he has always either won on appeal , was acquitted or benefited from those statute of limitation laws .
To give you an indication of Italians ' views on their prime minister and his brushes with the law , on the day the Mills verdict came through there was barely a handful of television news camera crews in Milan to cover it .
It was just not deemed that newsworthy .
Voter forgiveness
Imagine the same in other countries , where the leader of the government was implicated in a massive bribery scam .
You would n't be able to move outside the court for microphones and camera lenses .
But not in Italy .
Here , there is a quiet resignation among ordinary Italians that sailing close to the legal wind has become a trademark of their leader and the odd squall just shows he 's human .
It adds to his flamboyant appeal .
It seems that as long as he does n't steer the great ship Italy towards the rocks , then Italians are prepared to forgive Mr Berlusconi .
It certainly does n't stop them voting for him , as was proved by last year 's overwhelming electoral success in the general election .
But there could be a sting in the tale for Mr Berlusconi .
There is a serious movement here to get rid of his new immunity laws .
If those supporting it can persuade the courts that they have enough - legitimate - signatures , they could force a referendum .
That might leave Mr Berlusconi more exposed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
YANGON , Myanmar ( CNN ) -- Prosecutors in Myanmar picked up the pace of calling witnesses to the stand Tuesday , offering hope to Aung San Suu Kyi's supporters that the opposition leader 's trial -- which nine Nobel laureates have called " a mockery " -- may end soon .
Soldiers guard the entrance to Insein Prison on Monday in Yangon , Myanmar .
Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy party and diplomatic sources had worried the government might drag out the legal proceedings for several months , until the media lost interest .
The military junta would then quietly extend Suu Kyi's detention well beyond next year 's planned elections , they feared .
But at the end of proceedings Tuesday , party spokesman Nyan Win said the court had questioned five witnesses .
A day earlier , the court had heard from only two of the 22 witnesses it has called .
Nyan
Win thinks the court might be speeding up the hearings so it can issue a verdict within seven days -- before Suu Kyi's latest round of home detention expires .
The 1991 Nobel Peace Prize winner has been under house arrest for 13 of the past 19 years -- a confinement that the military junta has regularly extended .
Watch more on Suu Kyi's trial »
The latest extension expires later this month , and Suu Kyi's supporters say the trial provides the government an excuse to continue restricting her movement .
" The trial is a mockery , " the nine Nobel Peace prize winners said in a letter to U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon on Monday , urging him to intervene .
" There is no judicial system in Burma , " the letter said .
" It is clear that this is an excuse by the military junta to add trumped - up charges at a time when Daw ( an honorific ) Aung San Suu Kyi's unlawful detention was scheduled to end May 27 , 2009 . "
Signatories to the letter included Costa Rican President Oscar Arias and Archbishop Desmond Tutu .
The southeast Asian country was known as Burma before the military government changed it to Myanmar .
The Association of Southeast Asian Nations on Tuesday expressed " grave concern " over the arrest of Aung San Suu Kyi .
The group called for the immediate release of the pro-democracy leader and to provide her " humane treatment with dignity . "
Also on trial are two of Suu Kyi's housekeepers and an American man who recently swam to her lakeside home -- prompting the prosecution .
The case is being tried behind closed doors inside a prison compound near Yangon .
Police put up roadblocks outside , and turned away a group of Western diplomats who wanted to attend Monday .
On Tuesday , however , a U.S. Embassy official was allowed to watch the proceedings .
The government - controlled media also made its first mention of the trial -- after carrying no reports about it before it began , or on its first day .
Suu Kyi , 63 , and two of her maids have been detained under Section 22 of the country 's legal code -- a law against subversion .
If convicted , Suu Kyi could face three to five years in prison .
The charges stem from May 3 , when an American , John William Yettaw , allegedly swam almost two miles across the lake behind Suu Kyi's crumbling , colonial - era home and stayed for two days .
The government said Yettaw presence in the closely guarded home violated the conditions of Suu Kyi's house arrest .
The country 's regime rarely allows Suu Kyi visitors , and foreigners are not allowed overnight stays in local households without government permission .
Yettaw , a 53 - year - old former military serviceman from Falcon , Missouri , is charged with violating immigration laws and trespassing into a restricted area .
The charges carry a maximum sentence of five years in prison .
A lawyer selected by the U.S. Embassy is representing him .
During the hearing Tuesday , four police witnesses and a civilian testified how Yettaw was fished out from Inya Lake after he left Suu Kyi's house .
One officer said he first thought Yettaw was a thief .
Once it was discovered he was a foreigner , the officer notified superiors .
Suu Kyi's lawyers are expected to argue that the pro-democracy advocate knew nothing about the American 's plan to visit her and that she tried in vain to get him to leave .
Watch former U.S. president Jimmy Carter discuss Aung San Suu Kyi »
The defense will also try to turn the charges on their head , arguing that the government failed to protect Suu Kyi .
" Frankly , she does not believe she did any offense , " said Jared Genser , a Washington , D.C. - based lawyer who is one of the attorneys defending her .
Another lawyer , U Kyi Win , said Yettaw refused to leave -- first saying he did n't want to swim in daylight for fear of being captured , and later blaming leg cramps .
Suu Kyi did n't tell authorities about the visit because she did n't want get Yettaw or anyone else in trouble , U Kyi Win said .
The Nobel laureate has been the face of Myanmar 's pro-democracy movement and the focus of a global campaign to free her .
Her National League for Democracy party won over 80 percent of the legislative seats in 1990 .
She was disqualified from serving because of her house arrest , and the military junta ignored the results .
The government has said next year 's scheduled elections will re-introduce democracy in Myanmar .
But its plan includes a clause that forbids citizens who bore children with foreigners from running for office .
This makes Suu Kyi ineligible .
She married a British man and has two sons with him .
CNN 's Dan Rivers and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .
All About Myanmar • Aung San Suu Kyi
We will not know for sure how much garbage or non-garbage the CIA gleaned from torturing captives until a Truth Commission sorts it all out , but we do have a great deal of evidence that torturing KSM was , pace Thiessen , not responsible for foiling the LA Tower plot .
As Tim Noah notes , there is a matter of chronology :
In a White House press briefing , Bush 's counterterrorism chief , Frances Fragos Townsend , told reporters that the cell leader was arrested in February 2002 , and " at that point , the other members of the cell " ( later arrested ) " believed that the West Coast plot has been canceled , was not going forward " [ italics mine ] .
A subsequent fact sheet released by the Bush White House states , " In 2002 , we broke up [ italics mine ] a plot by KSM to hijack an airplane and fly it into the tallest building on the West Coast . "
These two statements make clear that however far the plot to attack the Library Tower ever gotan unnamed senior FBI official would later tell the Los Angeles Times that Bush 's characterization of it as a " disrupted plot " was " ludicrous " that plot was foiled in 2002 .
But Sheikh Mohammed was n't captured until March 2003 .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
WASHINGTON ( JTA ) – President Barack Obama urged Turkish students to help overcome the tendency in the Muslim world to blame Israel .
Obama told university students at a round table in Istanbul on Tuesday that he was committed to bringing about an Israeli Palestinian peace , whatever the difficulties , and appreciated Turkey ’s role in helping to broker such a peace .
" It will depend on young people like you being open to new ideas and new possibilities , " he said .
" And it will require young people like you never to stereotype or assume the worst about other people .
In the Muslim world , this notion that somehow everything is the fault of the Israelis lacks balance — because there ’s two sides to every question .
That does n’t mean that sometimes one side has done something wrong and should not be condemned .
But it does mean there ’s always two sides to an issue .
" I say the same thing to my Jewish friends , which is you have to see the perspective of the Palestinians , " Obama continued .
" Learning to stand in somebody else ’s shoes to see through their eyes , that ’s how peace begins .
And it ’s up to you to make that happen . "
Obama later made a surprise visit to U.S. troops in Iraq .
Information may or may not want to be free , but digital information certainly wants to be copied .
The ease with which copies are made online is n't just a problem for folks trying to make money on information , it 's also a problem for any group that 's trying to hold an online discussion in secret — terrorists , pedophiles , pirates , or , in this case , the American Psychological Association .
Some prominent members of the latter group are probably none too pleased that an archive of their discussions with military psychologists on the subject of military interrogations is now in the public domain .
Off - the - record mailing lists are a standard but rarely - scrutinized feature of journalism and politics in the online era , but these are two groups for whom off - the - record conversations are like oxygen .
Even in the event of a leak , the damage to most of the participants would likely be minimal , since the members of such lists all know how the off - the - record game works ( i.e. , you still have to watch what you say , because you could well be outed eventually ) .
But when secret e-mail lists get used by members of other professions , especially guilds where members are accustomed to communicating confidentially with their peers absent any regard for the concept of " plausible deniability , " a leak can make things really complicated for list members .
Witness the invitation - only e-mail discussion list created by the American Psychological Association and the Pentagon in order to host a dialogue between military and civilian psychologists on the profession 's role in the interrogation side of the war on terror .
The APA probably did n't expect the entire list archive [ PDF ] would ever get leaked to the press and follow its members around on Google for the rest of their careers .
But that 's exactly what happened .
ProPublica and Salon published the archive of the mailing list , which was for the Presidential Task Force on Psychological Ethics and National Security ( PENS ) group in the APA , and the 219 - page PDF is quite a read .
Some of the participants are military psychologists , at least one of whom was assigned to Abu Ghraib in the wake of the prisoner abuse scandal , and some are civilians who specialize in psychological ethics .
All of them , though , are concerned with defining the APA 's official stance on psychologists ' participation in military interrogations , especially when those interrogations involve torture ( i.e. , waterboarding , stress positions , isolation , and various forms of psychological abuse ) .
The eventual product of the list - based discussion , as well as closed - door , offline meetings among the members , was a controversial report that split the APA and pitted many of its members against the organization 's president , Gerry Koocher , who was accused by many members of being soft on torture .
Interestingly , it turns out that Dr. Koocher was addicted to the TV show 24 while he was working with the other PENS members on putting together the report .
How do I know that ?
Because he says so in the list archives .
His 24 addiction ( the first few seasons were indeed pretty great ) is one of the many items that the Chief of Psychology at Boston 's Children 's Hospital and specialist in psychological ethics would probably have preferred to keep confined to the list .
I 've no doubt that the APA members who strenuously objected to the original PENS report on the grounds that its condemnation of any and all psychologist involvement in interrogation was n't clear enough or strong enough will read through Koocher 's e-mails with great interest .
And I 'm also sure that the APA in general has learned a painful lesson of the Internet age : if you want to keep it secret , do n't hit " send . "
Listing image by Wikipedia
Three Wolf Moon : T - Shirt Becomes Overnight Internet Sensation Did comments on the Web cause wolf T - shirt sales to skyrocket ?
May 27 , 2009  --
Six months ago , Brian Govern , a student at Rutgers University , penned a satirical comment about a T - shirt on Amazon.com .
" I was searching for a book for school and the Amazon recommendation system suggested I might like the Three Wolf Moon T - shirt , " said Govern .
" It was just a completely serendipitous one - time thing .
I just got the urge and thought it would be funny . "
" Fits my girthy frame , has wolves on it , attracts women , " he wrote , adding an anecdote about how , the first time he sported the Three Wolf Moon T - shirt to Walmart , women suddenly started flocking to him .
But the truth is , he does n't even own the shirt .
His posting caught the eye of the editors of collegehumor.com , whose readers added their own comic reviews .
So far , more than 750 people have posted their comments about the T - shirt on Amazon , each one more outlandish than the last .
" You do n't put this T - shirt on your torso , you put it on your soul , " one reviewer wrote .
Some claimed it cured cancer .
Others said that it led them to new insights on a vision quest .
One person complained , " Wolves would be better if they glowed in the dark . "
There 's now even a YouTube video , produced by a Brooklyn comedy troupe , mashing up the outlandish reviews with music by Pocohontos and lyrics by reviewers at Amazon.com .
The Three Wolf Moon shirt is n't new .
It 's been on sale for a couple of years .
But since the viral thread took off this month , sales went through the roof .
It 's currently selling more than 100 an hour , and it's the No. 1 seller in Amazon 's apparel line .
" I think what we 're looking at is a population with tremendous creativity , " said author Douglas Rushkoff .
" We 're all writers , we 're all thinkers , we 're all storytellers .
And really , what we 're looking for are gathering places , places to share our humor and our imagination with each other . "
Shirt Manufacturer Cashes in on Humor
The T - shirts are produced by a small company called The Mountain , based in New Hampshire .
It is thrilled with the shirt 's success and most likely will halt the production of its 500 other designs to focus solely on producing more Three Wolf Moon shirts .
Company officials figure they can produce about 30,000 shirts in an eight - hour shift , and at that rate , they 're selling as fast as they make them .
" I feel this will be in the history books of marketing , " said Michael McGloin , creative director of The Mountain .
" People will be trying to duplicate it .
It 's just out of control . "
But it would be tough to duplicate , because it seems to be a grass roots phenomenon .
" Real viral media is this spontaneous outpouring of enthusiasm by real people for something , " said Rushkoff .
" On the Internet , you have millions of people trying to connect to other people .
...
And the easiest way to do that is by humor . "
In this instance , Three Wolf Moon is the butt of the joke .
But the T - shirt 's manufacturer is howling all the way to the bank .
The ailing carmaker General Motors has proposed handing a controlling stake of more than 50 % to the US government as it struggles to reach a deal with its lenders to avert imminent bankruptcy .
The nationalisation , in effect , of the biggest US motor manufacturer would be part of a huge debt - for - equity swap as GM tries to shed $ 44bn ( £ 30 bn ) of $ 62bn in crippling liabilities owed to the government , trade unions and bondholders .
But the plan was condemned last night as " neither reasonable nor adequate " , by bondholders who would get only 10 % of the company , forcing them to write off billions of dollars .
Existing shareholders would be left with only 1 % .
With its future on a knife - edge , GM delivered a blunt warning that unless its creditors accepted the plan , it would declare bankruptcy and leave the courts to carve up the company .
Fritz Henderson , the chief executive , told a press conference at the company 's headquarters : " If this can not be accomplished out of court , we 'll go into court and restructure GM under bankruptcy if it's necessary . "
As it struggles to stay afloat , GM has deepened cuts that will include 23,000 job losses by 2011 , the closure of 16 of its 47 factories in the US and a 42 % drop in the number of dealers selling its vehicles .
GM announced it was shutting its 83 - year - old Pontiac marque as it slims its portfolio of brands to focus on just four names in the US : Chevrolet , Cadillac , Buick and GMC .
The gas - guzzling Hummer and Sweden 's Saab will either be sold or closed by next year but GM made it clear that Britain 's Vauxhall brand was not under threat .
Summing up the company 's predicament , Henderson described the position as " difficult , challenging and painful " .
" None of us like this situation we 're in but it 's our job to do something about it , " he said .
" We need to have a more stable and sustainable business model because , candidly , we only want to do this once . "
A tough - talking GM veteran , Henderson has led efforts to rescue the company since the Obama administration sacked his predecessor , Rick Wagoner , last month .
GM and its smaller rival , Chrysler , are teetering on the brink of oblivion and are struggling to convince the government to extend further financial support .
" The task at hand in terms of what we need to get done is formidable , " Henderson said .
" But it can be done . "
Under the company 's plan , the US treasury and the United Auto Workers ' union would get 89 % of the company between them .
In return , the government would write off half of the emergency lending extended to GM by US taxpayers .
The union 's shares would replace the billions of dollars due to be pumped into a trust fund to cover employees ' healthcare .
GM has offered a 10 % stake to bondholders , who are owed $ 27bn – a tough proposition to swallow .
For each $ 1,000 of loan notes , bondholders would get 225 shares , worth little more than $ 550 at today 's market price .
The Obama administration insisted that private - sector creditors should get no more than this slim return , demanding that unions and taxpayers receive the lion 's share of the company .
But in order to proceed , the proposal must be accepted by an overwhelming majority of 90 % of bondholders by a deadline of 1 June .
An ad hoc committee representing bondholders last night vigorously objected to the carve - up : " We believe the offer to be a blatant disregard of fairness for the bondholders who have funded this company and amounts to using taxpayer money to show political favouritism of one creditor over another . "
Rebecca Lindland , an analyst at IHS Global Insight , said many bondholders were likely to believe they could get a better deal under a bankruptcy arrangement : " The Obama administration may be more pro-union than a bankruptcy judge but it 's really a roll of the dice . "
Jeremy Anwyl , chief executive of the auto research website Edmunds.com , agreed : " There 's no reason for bondholders to accept this if they think they can get a better deal under bankruptcy . "
GM 's smaller rival , Chrysler , has a deadline of Thursday to strike a rescue deal with Italy 's Fiat without which the US government has said it will withdraw financial support .
Daimler assisted the process last night by in effect writing off its 19.9 % stake in Chrysler and $ 1.9bn in loans .
For GM , the challenge is to shrink to a scale where it can break even with sales of 10 m cars in the US annually , rather than the previous rate of 15 m to 17m .
" It 's been my theory over time that big is only good if you use it to your advantage , " Henderson said .
" As a company , our overall performance has just not been adequate . "
Pontiac , long known for its sporty designs and once marketed as GM's " excitement division " , is a prominent casualty .
In Europe , however , Henderson signalled ongoing commitment to Vauxhall cars , which are produced in Ellesmere Port on Merseyside , and in Luton .
He said the company had a " fantastic team " running the brand .
In addition , the musician Jon Schatz has contributed two remixes of songs by Jami Sieber , with the style of the remixes being inspired by the timeshifting that is a fundamental element of the game itself .
The video game Braid launched for the Xbox Live Arcade to rapturous reviews , such as this one from PC Gamer Magazine ( UK ) :
" Braid is an ingenious and startlingly creative puzzle game , built with an understanding of good game design that even some of the industry 's most revered figures could learn from . " .
Braid is now also available for Windows .
The music in the game is licensed from Magnatune and the Braid Blog lists all the sources .
The music used in the game is :
* " Maenam " , by Jami Sieber , from the album Hidden Sky .
* " Undercurrent " and " The Darkening Ground " , by Jami Sieber , from the album Lush Mechanique .
* " Tell It By Heart " and " Long Past Gone " , by Jami Sieber , from the album Second Sight .
* " Downstream " , by Shira Kammen , from the album Music of Waters .
* " Lullaby Set " , by Shira Kammen and Swan , from the album Wild Wood .
* " Romanesca " , by Cheryl Ann Fulton , from the album The Once and Future Harp .
Here is a youtube video showing the game play , as well as the use of the music .
A big hearty thanks to Braid for blogging and promoting their use of our music , and for helping this soundtrack album become possible !
Main >
Archives > 2009 > February > Lookout Target and Wal - Mart : ALDI Stores Are Coming
While millions of companies scramble for cost - cutting solutions in this economic recession , one store is already operating with a minimal staff , but it 's thriving , with 8,500 stores worldwide , including 1,400 in the United States , and more to come .
If you live in the suburbs of the New York or Philly , you may have noticed a new grocery store with an unfamiliar name : ALDI - short for Albrecht Discounts , named after Karl Albrecht and Theo Albrecht , brothers who founded the company .
Before you head to ALDI 's , you should bring your own bag - seriously .
Leave behind your credit card or checkbook .
To save time and processing fees , ALDI only takes debit cards and cash .
ALDI provides bags , ( 5 cents for paper , 10 cents for plastic ) , but they encourage shoppers to recycle their old ones .
It 's an eco-friendly and enviro - friendly move .
As you approach the entrance , you 'll notice that there are n't any cart attendants walking around , and all the carts are organized .
That 's because ALDI thought ahead and eliminated the overhead cost of cart attendants .
( Layoff # 1 avoided ) Instead , they give the customer incentive to return the cart .
You unlock a cart by placing a quarter into a slot placed on the handle , once you return the cart and lock it back into place , the cart returns your quarter .
The " Cart Rental " technique reduces overhead costs , and maintains a clean looking parking lot , unlike Wal - Mart or Target , where customers tend to just leave the cart wherever they please .
Once you 're inside , you 'll wonder how they fit so much food into one space , without creating a sense of claustrophobia .
Each ALDI store is only four - to - five lanes wide , and all of the food items are displayed in their original shipping pallets , which save space and money .
Each store sells approximately 1,400 regularly - stocked items , from staple foods to wine .
Each week , the store has an item in " Special Purchase " , which can range from computers to furniture .
Most of the brands are generic , but you can find recognizable names such as Healthy Choice , Pringles and Eggo .
Compared to major retail stores , ALDI customers save 16 to 40 percent on private label or store brands at traditional supermarkets .
ALDI also offers higher wages to its workers .
Cashiers start at $ 10 per hour and store manager trainees start at $ 20 per hour , and every employee who works at least 20 hours per week receives full medical and dental insurance plus 401k .
When you 've filled you cart and checked - out at the cashier , you bag your own groceries .
ALDI avoids the cost of bag boys , and passes the savings along .
Obviously , the bag - it - yourself method is a major turn - off for certain customers , particularly if they 're older , but I know plenty of people who would rather do it themselves because the bag boys screw it up so often . ( layoff # 3 avoided )
If you 're less concerned with name brands and tired of the hustle and bustle of the major retailers , check out ALDI .
You may not become a regular customer , but you 'll walk out with much more cash in your back pocket .
Just do n't forget that quarter .
( 33 ) Thoughts on Lookout Target and Wal - Mart : ALDI Stores Are Coming
I , for one , ca n't wait to welcome our new ALDI overlords .
Comments by Edward : Friday , February 06 , 2009 at 01:34 AM
I 've just started shopping at Aldi within the last three months or so .
Let me say that it is very cheap .
On snack foods , you 'll save much more than 40 percent on certain items .
For the vast majority of generic brands I 've tried , their quality has been fine .
Plus , they have a double money back guarantee which I have yet to bother with for the one or two items I did n't care for .
If you want to stretch your dollar farther , this is the place to go .
Wal - Mart saves you money .
Aldi , if they carry the same product , will usually save you more .
Comments by Geoff : Saturday , February 07 , 2009 at 02:22 PM
Do you have plans for a Savannah GA .
store in the near future ?
We sure could use one .
Sincerely Bill Holden
Comments by Bill Holden : Monday , February 09 , 2009 at 12:43 PM
I live near Knoxville , TN and understand a new store is coming to our area soon but can't find out exact location .
I grew up shopping at Aldi in IL , , moved to CA where there were no Aldi .
One son lives in Wichita , KS where there are many Aldi and the other lives in Louisville , KY , also home to Aldi .
So for the past several years I have left suitcase room for my many Aldi purchases .
We currently drive to KY to shop at the Corbin store , approximately 100 mi. from here .
I would love to know when / where our Aldi will be .
Thanks so much .
A neighbor who lived in IL prior to moving to TN is also an Aldi shopper and also goes to KY to shop .
We can't wait to shop here in E. TN .
Comments by Jan Harris : Friday , February 13 , 2009 at 01:34 PM
I would love to see an Aldis open in the Gloucester , Va. area .
I shopped in an Aldis for the first time this past weekend while in Danville , Va . it was a great shopping experience and only wish we had a store like that closer to my home as I would be able to forget about other supermarkets and stores like Walmart .
Please look into the Gloucester area as you sure would boost our economy .
Thank you
Comments by jackie : Wednesday , May 13 , 2009 at 08:03 AM
Please consider opening a store in Gloucester , Va .
It is an ever growing community with only very limited stores for groceries .
Walmart not having any real competition leaves it not well stocked .
Comments by Sara : Tuesday , June 23 , 2009 at 09:57 PM
When will the ALDI store on 83rd & Parnell Chicago , Illinois 60620 be opening , and where can I apply .
Comments by Denise Johnson : Wednesday , July 08 , 2009 at 06:23 PM
I live in El Paso , TX where there is no Aldi's and does n't look like there 's going to be one anytime soon ... bummer !
My folks live in Cedar Rapids , IA and have had an Aldi 's for quite a few years .
We always go shopping there when I 'm in town .
I always do price comparison ... here 's just a few examples .
Aldi's 3 pack of fresh Romaine lettuce hearts ... $ 1.78 ... Walmart 's price ... $ 2.89 .
Aldi's off - brand of Cream of Mushroom soup .... 52 cents ... Walmart 's Greal Value brand ... $ 1.18 !
The list goes on and on .
I envy any of you who has an Aldi 's nearby or is going to get one .
LUCKY STIFFS !!!
Comments by Amy : Wednesday , August 05 , 2009 at 10:26 AM
Please Please Please bring an Aldi to our town ( Detroit Lakes , MN ) .
We have a super walmart and 1 grocery store and our dollar store sucks , seriously .
I would love to shop at an Aldi and i know alot of people in this town and the surrounding area that would love it too .
Alot of people hate going to walmart here , its sooo busy and the 1 grocery store has high prices because they really dont have any competition .
Comments by joy : Wednesday , August 05 , 2009 at 06:15 PM
Is there an ALDI Store in the Houston area ?
Comments by Princess : Saturday , August 22 , 2009 at 04:47 PM
I have an Aldi near my house and I absolutely LOVE it !
It saves me so much time and money compared to the big supermarkets .
The quarter for a cart idea is great .
It gets people to actually put their cart back for their quarter back .
This is a briliant idea !
Comments by Jane : Tuesday , August 25 , 2009 at 01:25 PM
I live in Blue Springs , MS and moved from Memphis , TN. I sure miss shopping at Aldi's !
We need an Aldi in Tupelo or New Albany - no more Wal - Mart shopping !
The store would get a lot of business here .
Please build one here soon !
Comments by Lauren : Thursday , October 01 , 2009 at 11:31 AM
We would greatly appreciate an Aldi store in Warrenton , N. C .
We only have one grocery store .
We have one grocery store in Norlina , which is about 5 miles from Warrenton .
One in Macon , N. C. would be nice because you would get a lot of the lake people plus all the surrounding areas .
Comments by Myrtle : Friday , October 02 , 2009 at 06:22 PM
An Aldi 's opened up this year in Tampa not too far from my home .
I absolutely love it .
Everything is clean , efficient and super inexpensive .
Staff is responsive ( no wonder as they 're not being paid like slave labor ) .
I 've saved hundreds of dollars over the lsst several months .
They really do things right !
Comments by Joanne : Sunday , October 04 , 2009 at 03:30 PM
I LOVE shopping at ALDI , but the closest store is in Marinette , WI , a 2.5 hour drive from our home .
Marquette , MI would be a perfect site for a new ALDI store .
Please consider us in your expansion plans .
Comments by Mary : Monday , November 02 , 2009 at 10:35 AM
Are the ALDI comming soon to the Portland Oregon / Vancouver Washington area and when ????
Comments by Bonnie Linge : Thursday , November 05 , 2009 at 03:58 PM
I hope ALDI opens 10,000 stores across the US .
Then regular supermarkets can go back to selling higher quality products and let the scum who want the bottom of the barrel cheap crap will have someplace to go .
Safeway and Kroger have been trending down in quality to be able to please the low life now plaguing their stores .
Maybe ALDI could cut a deal with Goodwill to open in the same burned out old strip malls .
Comments by Number One : Tuesday , November 10 , 2009 at 04:07 PM
Aldi is an amazing experience .
Their variety is excellent and their prices are extrodinary .
Ever since they arrived in western N.Y .
I have gone to the store almost exclusively .
The quality of their generic products are equivalent to the name brands at a dramatic savings .
Comments by stephen abrams : Tuesday , November 10 , 2009 at 10:13 PM
We would love to see an Aldi in Winder , Georgia .
Comments by Mary Thomas : Friday , November 13 , 2009 at 05:28 PM
Do you have an Aldi coming to N.P.R. - P.R. Florida area ?
I have visited your Palm Harbor and do ENJOY it .
Please bring an Aldi to Port Richey , Hudson , etc...way .
Thank You ....
Comments by Sandra Drenner : Sunday , November 29 , 2009 at 09:17 AM
I would love to see an Aldi's in Baton Rouge or Denham Springs La .
walmart is horrible !!
Comments by WANDA MCLEOD : Sunday , November 29 , 2009 at 04:34 PM
PLEASE bring an Aldi to Perry , FL we are a small yet stable town in the crook of Fl just 55 miles from Tallahassee .
I lived in KY at one time and shopped at the Aldi in Elizabethtown .
Comments by Dodie M. Davis : Saturday , December 05 , 2009 at 12:35 PM
does aldi"s franchise ? , i could be imterested if so .
please contact me
Comments by tim hackney : Saturday , December 05 , 2009 at 07:12 PM
What are Aldi 's hiring practice of older people with experience ?
Do they only hire younger people who are recent grads ?
Comments by Janne : Tuesday , January 12 , 2010 at 01:25 PM
Princeton , KY . could use a aldi store the only aldi is in Paducah , or Hopkinsville , KY .
Princeton needs a good discount groc store .
people travela good ways to shop at a aldi.please help .
Comments by SUSAN .
WILKERSON : Tuesday , January 12 , 2010 at 10:17 PM
Here in SW
Ohio aldi has been here for a few yrs .
It started as a very low competive priced grocery .
Last yr they built a new store .
Prices are higher than Kroger , Marsh`s .
No longer competive .
Save a lot grocery and wally world are very closely priced the same .
No aldi for me too high priced .
Comments by hairy hole : Sunday , February 07 , 2010 at 08:16 PM
WE WOULD LOVE TO HAVE A aldi NEER INVERNWSS FL
Comments by Rita : Friday , February 26 , 2010 at 08:51 AM
I shopped at Aldi in Chicago during college .
I live in Houston now and REALLY wish Aldi would open stores in this area .
They would do very well .
Comments by Heather : Sunday , August 08 , 2010 at 02:43 PM
please bring one to Lenoir City TN .
Comments by linda : Friday , March 04 , 2011 at 09:24 AM
please bring one to Lenoir City TN .
Comments by linda : Friday , March 04 , 2011 at 09:26 AM
please bring one to Lenoir City TN .
Comments by linda : Friday , March 04 , 2011 at 09:26 AM
I love the ease of shopppin , good quality of most choices , great special finds and the real savings .
I shop at Aldis first , then head off to Walmart for certain items .
We live in N. Georgia and plan to move to Oriental NC .
The nearest Aldis is in Kingston NC - about 60 miles away so I am hoping Aldis comes into either Newbern or Babyboro , NC both close by .
Oriental is really small so I 'm not holding my breath .
The are a lot of people of slender means in this area that would really benefit .
Comments by Hermina Friedmann : Tuesday , May 17 , 2011 at 09:24 AM
Americans never learn , first we grow to depend on foreign oil , now we are going to depend on foreign company for cheap grocery .
We hate Walmart because it is owned by one of the richest American family , do you know Aldi is owned by the richest man in Germany , and it is privately owned ?
Each Aldi store only has 2 - 4 employees .
I do n't think they hire any older people , because you have to move quickly , do everything from cleaning to stocking to check out .
I am sure prices are going to go up , if the competitions are gone .
If you compare their brand to store brand , they are not that much cheaper .
It is sad that pretty soon Americans wo n't be owning anything .
Comments by Duff : Saturday , May 21 , 2011 at 03:21 PM
Post a Comment
SHANGHAI , May 28 ( Xinhua ) -- China 's first Mars probe named Yinghuo - 1 will be launched in the second half of this year , said an official with Shanghai Academy of Spaceflight Technology ( SAST ) here on Thursday .
The Book
Author : Tim Hatton
Judith switched her headlights on and checked the rearview .
Deep brown hair slid around her shoulder as she turned to the right , looking down the street while the floating panel above the intersection flipped green .
She touched a few small switches in her console .
Her chair reclined back while the car moved on in electric silence , making its own judgments about where to turn , and how fast to travel .
A screen lit up and a man ’s face appeared .
“ How may I assist you Miss Amateau ? ”
“ I just need the weather – oh , and some business news . ”
“ Very good …
It is currently 10 degrees Celsius outside your vehicle , and 9 degrees Celsius at your destination .
Overcast skies – “
She interrupted : “ That ’s fine N - Fo. So , how ’s business ? ”
“ In business news , the newest player on the market , BOOKCORP , has seen its most impressive rise in two weeks .
They closed out the weekend up 35.9876 AC –“
She interrupted him again .
“ Ah , forget it .
Just give me some television . ”
The face melted back into the screen , replaced by a running advertisement .
“ … and this book just changed my life completely , I can say without doubt that I am a new man .
I recommended it to all my friends and they – “
She heaved a sigh , flipping another switch and the cockpit returned to silence .
She leaned her head back and closed her eyes .
The Book was inescapable these days .
Arcturus was alive with this new phenomenon .
It was possibly the biggest pop-culture item of the generation , and Judith was a bit exasperated .
She had read it and aside from being a complete bore to read , it was also full of subtle contradictions .
What was worse , she could n’t go anywhere these days without some jumped up Book advocate following her down the street trying to get her to “ open her eyes to the light of Jesus . ”
Yesterday a little boy had come to her door and asked her politely if she would read his favorite book .
She had leaned down with a captivating smile and asked which book it was .
When he produced a plain black copy of the Book , her smile froze into an icy grimace , and she shot an ironic glare at his mother who was waiting in the street .
Judith remembered clearly how the book had surfaced .
Some astronaut had brought it back with him on a routine terraforming excursion to Earth .
On returning to Arcturus , he had brought it to a publishing agency attempting to have them publish his “ new novel . ”
When they discovered the origin , the government had confiscated it and auctioned it with many of the other artifacts that returned from Earth with the terraformers .
The market for Earth artifacts was voracious and exclusive .
Lane Channer , chairman for one of the planets largest publishing ( now the largest publishing ) agencies , Book Corp , had bought it , read it , and decided it could make money .
Long story short , he published it , everyone read it , and it changed enough lives to attract the largest fiction based cult following in Arcturus ’ history .
Judith settled more snuggly into her seat , and as it sensed her restlessness , it slowly conformed to her body and smoothly wrapped itself lightly around her into a soft , artificial embrace .
She did n’t notice the new building that was going up near her street as the vehicle rounded a corner , windows dimming as the red sun rose very slowly over the horizon .
Tomorrow she would scoff at the obnoxious wooden cross that was being set into the ground in front a humble building with a sign reading “ Book Study beginning soon !
Invite your Friends ! ”
Share this :
Share
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Twitter
Back in the 70’s a “ green ” vehicle was nothing more than a car with green paint and not today ’s conception of some type of hybrid or electric vehicle .
If you are old enough to remember the infamous Z car , not the 300zx , 350z or newest 370Z , I ’m talking about the Datsun 280Z , then you will really appreciate this as a true classic sports car .
The old S30 chassis code , fastback sports car that was way ahead of its time .
Today , the 280Z is a head turner among most car enthusiasts even if they were not alive back in the 70’s .
The heritage and roots of today ’s non-American and American supercars started with vehicles like the 280Z .
Demonstrated in this article is the “ Green Meany ” 1977 Datsun 280Z .
I am guessing it is called “ mean ” because of the transplanted upgrades such as the turbo charged inline - 6 from a 280zx , JE pistons , stock forged rods and crank and a three - angle valve job .
But it does not stop there .
You can read more in - depth about this old - school beast at carsworthloving .com .
[ source : carsworthloving.com ]
Enjoy the images !
The charges carry a sentence ranging from probation to almost five years in prison , according to prosecutors .
Brown , who is free on $ 50,000 bail , is due to be arraigned on the charge this afternoon in Los Angeles Superior Court .
Brown was arrested Feb. 8 , the day of the Grammy Awards , after LAPD officers responded to a 911 call reporting an assault on a quiet , tree - lined street near Beverly Boulevard .
According to a search warrant obtained by Fox 11 News , the assault began when Rihanna , whose full name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty , read Brown a text message while they were driving home from a pre-Grammy party in Beverly Hills .
The content of the message apparently enraged Brown , 19 , who , according to the warrant , tried to force Rihanna out of the car .
Only her seat belt kept her inside the vehicle , the warrant alleged .
Brown punched her several times while he was driving , splattering the interior of the luxury vehicle with blood , according to the warrant .
During the alleged attack , Rihanna phoned her assistant and told her to call police , according to the warrant .
Brown continued to assault her , biting her ear and fingers and , at one point , threatening to kill her , the warrant alleged .
Brown surrendered to police that evening and was booked for suspicion of criminal threats .
He subsequently issued a statement apologizing for the incident .
Rihanna , who has never been identified publicly by police , was treated at a medical facility after the incident , a police source said .
The gossip website TMZ.com published a photo of the 21 - year - old ’s bruised and scratched face .
The Police Department launched an ongoing investigation to determine if any of its personnel sold or otherwise leaked the picture .
-- Harriet Ryan and Richard Winton
By Sen. Judd Gregg
By Sen. Judd Gregg
The word " budget " usually conjures up images such as setting limits to help individuals , families and businesses spend within their means and avoid running up unaffordable debts .
But not anymore .
Under the Obama administration , a budget now means just the opposite of what one would intuitively think it means .
The budget the Obama administration has presented to the American people is a new type of budget .
It expands our government in unprecedented ways and presents the largest tax increase in history .
It raises total spending to $ 3.9 trillion in 2009 , or 28 percent of gross domestic product , the highest level as a share of GDP since World War II .
In the next five years , the debt will double , and in 10 years , it will triple .
This budget creates more debt than under every president from George Washington to George W. Bush combined and makes us more dependent on China and other governments to finance our debt , threatening the value of our currency and our financial security .
The president 's budget also proposes to set us on a path to nationalize the health - care system at a huge cost , and , for good measure , it throws in nationalizing the ability of people to borrow to send their kids to college .
It suggests that the best way to address climate change is to create a new national sales tax on everyone 's electric bills .
And , at a time when millions of Americans are struggling to find jobs , it proposes taxing small businesses , our nation 's engine of job growth , at rate that could be seen as confiscatory .
In other words , the president 's proposal is a massive and breathtaking document , and it should not be called a budget .
Rather , it should be called a blueprint for the France - ification of America , a notebook for nationalization , or a memo for massive debt creation .
But a budget , by any sense of the word , it is not .
Our economy is , of course , in a severe recession .
People are worried about the value of their homes , the stability of their jobs , and their ability to pay their bills .
These are serious times .
It is reasonable for the government to try to pull us out of this downturn by spending and borrowing since it is the last source of significant liquidity for this economy and for stabilizing key areas such as the financial sector .
However , this recession will end , and the economy will recover — we are a resilient , can - do nation .
Unfortunately , this proposal offers no containment .
No expenditures of any significance are presumed to be limited in their growth , much less reduced , other than spuriously claiming savings for war expenditures that were never going to occur in the years 2012 - 19 .
No entitlement programs are addressed in regard to the obligations and debt - driving costs they generate as the baby boomers head into full retirement .
Instead all we get is a massive expansion in the size of government as a percentage of GDP and higher taxes on entrepreneurs and job - creating businesses .
It is as if someone down in the basement of the White House has said , " Let 's use this time when everyone generally agrees we need to spend to turn around this economy as a chance to lock in spending and the expansion of the government for as far as the eye can see . "
We , in Congress , want to work with the president to get the American economy back on track — from fixing the housing sector , to reforming the financial markets , to helping every American receive high - quality , affordable health care .
And together , we can craft a budget that would reduce the deficit over time to at least 2 percent of GDP and would reduce the percentage of publicly held debt back to 40 percent of GDP once this economic downturn is over .
But the Obama administration 's proposal is not a budget that the rest of America would recognize as a document for living within one 's means .
It simply spends too much , taxes too much and borrows too much .
It is a game plan for an explosive expansion of the size and intrusiveness of the national government based on a belief that bureaucrats can more effectively manage large segments of our economy and our daily lives than the private sector or the individual .
Ultimately , this path will result in a massive price tag that mortgages our children 's future and threatens to bankrupt our nation .
Judd Gregg , New Hampshire Republican , is ranking member of the Senate 's Budget Committee .
BROMSGROVE , England , April 21 ( UPI ) -- A British woman said she was ordered by local officials to clothe the naked lawn gnomes that have stood in her front garden for about 15 years .
Sandra Smith , 64 , said she was forced to cover the gnomes , one male and one female , after a neighbor complained about the garden decorations to the Bromsgrove District Council , The Daily Telegraph reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
" They have been here for around 15 years and everyone who visits me finds them funny and a bit harmless fun , " Smith said .
" They 're proper cheeky chappies with their little smiley faces looking up at you . "
" I 'm going to be keeping the gnomes in the garden with their T - shirts on at the moment but I love like to get the gnomes out in their glory again , " she said .
The neighbor , who asked not to be named , said the nude gnomes were inappropriate with children around .
" I do n't think they should be in a garden with my young kids running around nearby , " she said .
" They are childish and I think it pathetic that they are in a front garden in full view of everyone . "
The Conficker worm has yet to eclipse Storm in terms of the total amount of chaos it created at any one time , but the botnet is proving annoyingly hard to kill .
What began as an infection that took advantage of a handful of businesses with extremely slow patch validation cycles has become ( and maintained itself ) as a significant threat .
This has undoubtedly caused much wailing and gnashing of teeth within the halls of Microsoft itself ; the company released a security update to resolve the flaw Conficker relies upon ( MS08 - 67 ) in October , well before Conficker itself appeared .
security researchers have examined how Conficker phones home for updates and have determined that at least four legitimate domains are going to be targeted by thousands of botnet systems requesting instructions in the weeks ahead .
Mike Wood , at Sophos , was able to determine which domains would be targeted thanks to F - Secure 's earlier work on cracking Conficker 's random domain - name generator .
With that information in hand , Wood searched the 7,750 domains Conficker will attempt to contact in March , checking for evidence that one or more of them might correspond to a legitimate business .
After limiting his search to those domains that correspond with an active IP address and then applying further filters , Wood ended up with a list of 28 individual domains .
" Of those 28 domains , the vast majority are names currently up for sale which the registrar conveniently resolves to their main page suggesting that you buy it .
One interesting domain up for sale is yakiimo.com — the owners are asking a cool � 3,880 for it — not sure yet if being one of the March 20th 2009 Conficker domains will increase or decrease its value . "
Sites in the path of danger include jogli.com ( Big Web Great Music , March 8 ) , wnsux.com ( Southwest Airlines , March 13 ) , qhflh.com ( Women 's Net in Qinghai Province , March 18 ) , and praat.org ( Praat : doing phoenetics by computer , March 31 ) .
There are several ways Conficker 's upcoming bludgeon of traffic could be diverted or stopped ;
Wood 's blog entry gives some details on these .
In closing he speculates on whether or not surviving a Conficker attack will one day be viewed as a network badge of honor , but notes : " I ’m glad sophos.com did not make the list . "
When Conficker first poked its head into the wild , we raised the question of whether it was time for forced updates ; unilateral deployment of MS08 - 67 would have stopped Conficker dead in the water .
For whatever reason , a handful of businesses neglected to patch and as a result , Conficker is bouncing merrily around wreaking havoc .
It 's tempting to blame these slow - patching businesses , but there 's no evidence to suggest the companies in question were n't on the ball — there are times when a department 's own established best practices or the need to guarantee 100 % uptime make it impractical to patch as soon as a fix is delivered .
Knowing what addresses Conficker - infected systems will contact for additional instructions has proven to be a boon for the white hats attempting to shut the botnet down — hopefully the advance warning individuals like Wood have provided here will minimize any future damage .
De pagina Sun-Earth publications bevat mijn recente publicaties op het gebied van zonne - fysica en zon-klimaat relaties .
De pagina ‘ agenda ’ bevat gegevens over komende lezingen .
De pagina ‘ presentaties ’ bevat de power point presentaties van lezingen die in de laatste twee tot drie jaren gehouden zijn ( oudere presentaties worden steeds door mij gewist ) .
De afbeelding toont de titelpagina van een van de presentaties .
Door op de gewenste presentatie te klikken verschijnt die na enige tijd ( soms pas na enkele minuten )
Heeft u commentaar dan verneem ik dat graag .
Als u uw e-mailadres invult bij “ Abonneer je op deze website ” dan ontvangt u automatisch een e-mailbericht als deze website bijgewerkt wordt .
The page ‘ Sun-earth publications ’ contains – mostly recent – papers in the field of solar physics and on the theme of sun-climate relationships .
Want bigger stronger legs ?
Try single leg squats .
Is the barbell squat the end all be all when it comes to aquiring bigger , stronger legs , NO ??
As a matter of fact , it ’s not even neccesary .?
And anyone who says it is , has n’t a clue .?
It is imperative , however , that you train with 100 % intensity , which is true for developing any body part .?
If you ’re looking for a great exercise to give barbell squats a break , or just looking to add a new dimension to your rutine , try single leg squats .
Last Updated on September 3 , 2020
Spread the love
When I was working in an elearning company , many people used to ask me which is the best project management course , specifically to crack PMP ® .
While I was working there , I completed my PMP ® Project Management training and earned my mandatory 35 PDUs required to give a PMP ® exam .
I also wrote an ebook on How to Crack PMP ® in 45 Days which the company conveniently published in someone else ’s name –which is the reason why I wanted to work for myself .
I know that any intellectual property created when working for a company belongs to the company but nobody can take away what your know .
I have also done a course in PRINCE 2 ® ( Projects in Controlled Environments ) and am certified in ITIL® , PRINCE2 ® & Six Sigma® .
For professionals who have few years of experience , a project management course could very well be the next step as they can move on to managerial positions and even get more challenging work .
Even though I have completed a project management course , I thought it would be great to do one more course to refresh core project management concepts and principles and prepare for my PMP ® exam .
Before we get to best project management course , I wanted to clarify few doubts which anyone new to project management might have .
What is A Project ?
You can define a project as a series of tasks that should be completed in a predefined order to reached an outcome .
A project should have a start date , end date and various components of a project needs to be estimated before commencement for the successful completion of the project .
You need n’t think that projects are complex , a project can be vary from a simple task to complicated projects that require special teams for execution .
In the real world , something as simple as painting your house can be considered as a project .
You need estimation , planning , execution , a start & end date and everything in between to complete the project successfully .
With a project management course , you learn the best practices of project management so that you are equipped to plan , execute and complete a project successfully .
What is Project Management ?
PMI or Project Management Institute is a nonprofit membership association that helps professionals working in Project Management .
According to PMI® , project management is the application of knowledge , tools , skills , techniques and activities required to meet a project requirement .
In simple words , Project Management is the method by which a person plans and manages resources that are necessary to successfully complete a project .
People who work in these roles are called project managers .
Like I mentioned before , a project has specific start date , end date and goals or milestones that help identify progress towards a successful project completion .
What are the five phases of Project Management
According to Project Management Institute® or PMI® , the five phases of Project Management are initiation , planning , execution , performance or monitoring and project closure .
I will not go in detail into what are these five phases and how you can master all aspects of this , I leave it to the experts but in this post , I will focus on the best project management courses which will help you improve your project management skills and help you crack PMP ® if that interests you .
Who Can Do Project Management Course ?
Any working professional who has an interest in project management can do a project management course .
Doing a project management course has no prerequisite but if you wish to appear for PMP ® examination , you should have experience working on a project and some other requirements which are mentioned below .
PMP ® Certification requirements :
A four - year degree
36 months leading projects
35 hours of project management education / training or CAPM ® Certification
— OR —
A high school diploma or an associate ’s degree ( or global equivalent )
60 months leading projects
35 hours of project management education / training or CAPM ® Certification
CAPM ® Certification Requirements :
Secondary degree ( high school diploma , associate ’s degree or the global equivalent )
23 hours of project management education completed by the time you sit for the exam .
Note : PMI ’s Project Management Basics ® online course fulfills this educational prerequisite
If you have been doing some research on Project Management , I am sure you would have come across a term called as PMBOK .
What is PMBOK ?
PMBOK is the short form for Project Management Body of Knowledge .
This book is a collection of processes , best practices , terminologies , and guidelines that are accepted as standards within the project management industry .
Difference between CAPM ® , PMP ® & PRINCE2 ®
In simple terms , CAPM ® is an entry entry - level certification for project practitioners where as PMP ® focuses on experience and application of knowledge in real world scenarios .
Certified Associate in Project Management ( CAPM ) ® is a “ knowledge - based exam ” and Project Management Professional ( PMP ) ® is an “ experience - based exam ” .
As an entry level certification for project practitioners , in CAPM exam , most of the questions will be based on PMBOK ® Guide .
CAPM does not require any project experience and is more fundemental in nature and questions will directly be on knowledge , terminology , processes .
For the PMP ® Exam , you can expect the questions to be more scenario based .
Questions can be based on PMBOK ® but it will more likely be on situations you would face as a project manager in the real world .
PRINC2 Project Management Certification
PRINCE2 ® Project Management Certification is widely accepted in countries like UK , Europe and Australia .
PRINCE2 ® certification has three levels , foundation , practitioner and professional and the exam will be based on 7 management processes on what needs to be done for a project .
PRINCE2 ® is a methodology with process model and templates unlike PMP ® which is based on PMBOK .
Which Project Management Should You Choose PMP ® or PRINCE2 ® ?
It depends on numerous factors such as the region where you intend to work , job prospects .
Generally speaking , PMP ® focuses on “ HOW ” of project management whereas PRINCE2 ® focuses on “ WHEN ” , “ WHAT ” & “ WHOM ” .
As you can see both are different and if you wish to have a long term career in project management , you can consider certifying yourself in both as they complement each other .
However , unlike what professional certification training institutes claim that you absolutely must do both - I leave it up to you .
You can do your own research on which is better for your career and niche and then choose accordingly .
Since I worked in elearning , I know many of the little tricks majority of all certification training companies deploy to get you to buy their courses .
Their advertisements rely on few things such as :
Unnecessary Fear
It is in the training institutes ’ best interests that they spread unnecessary fear about you missing out while your peers are doing project management certifications and they will get better packages and opportunities .
While if you do not learn , your skills can become outdated , that is no reason to jump into project management just because everyone else is doing .
Carefully think if you really enjoy this line of work and you are willing to put in time , effort and money to crack these certification exams and make it a long term career .
Guaranteed Passing or Full Money Refund
The company that I used to work for used to advertise that they will guarantee passing for PMP ® .
The catch was in the fine print .
They will require you to keep giving mock tests and score a certain percentage in mock tests and in PMP ® exam to become eligible for a refund .
My two cents of advise is to read the fine print of these full money refund courses .
Hours of Video Classes
When you buy a course for project management most companies advertise that they will give you hours and hours of course content which makes the package more appealing .
These are just prerecorded sessions and in my experience you can learn all of this better from books rather than videos .
Excellent Reviews
As a digital marketer , I can honestly tell you that most reviews of project management certification courses offered by institutes are fake and they pay individuals and companies to create these fake reviews online .
For every bad review , we used to create 20 good reviews so that the bad reviews get burried and you never find them .
Also , they create pages with URLs and meta data with words such as complaints , scams , frauds so that the actual results of complaints , scams and frauds get buried in search engine results and again their brand image is protected .
Now , I will list 10 best project management courses which you can consider .
I ’m not listing any institutes here but if you want to know my opinion on any of them , do feel to ping me .
10 Best Project Management Course
PMP Exam Prep Seminar – PMBOK Guide 6 ( Udemy )
This course is mainly designed for Project managers who are preparing to PASS their PMI ® PMP ® examination .
This is 35 hrs long course on project management .
Within this course , students will learn about the basic concepts and will slowly acquire project management skills .
Key USP’s :
Get Access to hands - on assignments and exercises .
Learn project management processes .
Compare and contrast processes , knowledge areas , theories , and project management best practices
Get tips from industry experts .
Rating : 4.6
Number of Students enrolled : 154,163
Review : I loved this course .
It was a wonderful experience .
Explore PMP Exam Prep Seminar – PMBOK Guide 6 Course
PMP EXAM PREP - Project Management Professional FULL TRAINING ( Udemy )
This is a flawless course to get complete knowledge of project management .
This course is mainly developed with a focused goal of passing the exam .
It also includes detailed PMP ® Mathematics .
Within this course you will Learn all Formulas Easily : EVM , Critical Path , CPI , SPI , CV , SV , Float , etc .
Key USP’s :
PMP ® Pass Guarantee :
You will pass the PMP ® Exam Easily on your first try .
High - Quality PMP ® Videos - Watch over 280 videos covering every PMP® topic .
Get tips from industry experts .
Get Certified
Rating : 4.4
Number of Students enrolled : 39,277
Review : the instructor was very supportive .
He explained every topic very well .
Explore PMP EXAM PREP - Project Management Professional Course
Project Management : Master Project Management – PMP / PMI( Udemy )
This course is to master Project Management using this practical certification course .
Within this course , you will earn about the top 10 mistakes people make in projects .
Also , you will learn about how to make a Gantt Chart and a PERT diagram with ease .
Key USP’s :
Use the PMP ® or PMI ® method to do Project Management .
Get access to study material .
Get Certified .
Get tips from experts .
Rating : 4.6
Number of Students enrolled : 13,479
Review : Wonderful course .
The tips discussed were to the point and very informative .
Explore Project Management : Master Project Management – PMP / PMI Course
PMP Exam Cram Session – PMBOK Guide , 6th Edition ( Udemy )
Within this course , you will get all the PMP ® Essentials for PMBOK ® Guide .
You will get to know everything to Pass the PMP ®
Exam from a PMI ® REP .
Not only this , but you will also get 135 - practice exam questions and a 30 - day satisfaction guarantee .
Key USP’s :
Get the strategy to clear the exam .
Get practice sessions .
Get tips from Experts .
Get Certifed .
Rating : 4.6
Number of Students enrolled : 12,160
Review : I am happy with the decision that I took this course .
This course helped me to clear the exam .
Explore PMP Exam Cram Session – PMBOK Guide Course
Project Management Professional ( PMP ) – 35 Contact Hours ( Udemy )
This course qualifies for 35 Contact Hours toward the PMP ® certification from PMI .
Within this course , you will get the Practice questions for the PMP ® Certification Exam .
Also , students are free to download all the study material to prepare for their examination .
Key USP’s :
Get answers to all your doubts within 48 hrs .
Get free unlimited practice sessions .
Get Access to study material .
Get guidance from experts .
Rating : 4.3
Number of Students enrolled : 27,650
Review : Wonderful course .
The practice questions were excellent .
It helped me a lot .
Explore Project Management Professional ( PMP ) Course
PMP Certification Exam Prep Course 35 PDU Contact Hours / PDU ( Udemy )
Within this course , you will Get your PMP ® Certification with PMI Accredited PMBOK 6th Edition exam prep .
Also , you will get the Introduction to agile project management .
They have a question bank of 400 +
Exam Like Questions which is also provided to students .
Key USP’s :
Get complete information about PMP ® Application .
Learn all EVM , communication , and estimating formulas .
Get Exam tips and tricks .
Get Certified .
Rating : 4.5
Number of Students enrolled : 11,209
Review : I loved the course .
The question bank was excellent .
It helped me a lot .
Explore PMP Certification Exam Prep Course 35 PDU Contact Hours / PDU
Course
Deeply Practical Project Management ( Earn 16 PDUs ) ( Udemy )
Within this course , you will learn
How to implement the PMI project management best practices in the simplest , and most deeply practical way .
Also , you will learn how to plan your project efficiently , so you know the scope , schedule , budget , and risks before you start .
Key USP’s :
Learn how to build the project team , key hiring criteria , delegation , motivation , and more .
Learn
How to use earned value management ( EVM ) .
Get Exam tips and tricks .
Get Certified .
Rating : 4.5
Number of Students enrolled : 25,496
Review :
This course has many plus points .
It helped me to understand the best practices of PMI projects .
Thanks ,
William for the wonderful course !
Explore Deeply Practical Project Management Course
Project Management Principles and Practices Specialization ( Coursera )
This is a wonderful course to gain a specialization in project management skills .
This series of course is guaranteed to give you full fletched information so that you can create your projects on time and budget along with user satisfaction .
Key USP’s :
Learn to write a project plan .
Learn to build a work break down schedules .
Understand how to create projects within the decided budget .
Able to Identify and manage risks .
Rating : 4.5
Number of Students enrolled : 606,694
Review :
This series of course was amazing .
Explore Project Management Principles and Practices Specialization Course
Project Management & Other Tools for Career Development Specialization ( Coursera )
This course is designed to learn project management skills so that you will be able to create products by using the most effective method of delivering products within cost , schedule , and resource constraints .
It is an essential skill in the modern digital constantly changing world .
This course also contains lots of hands - on sessions so that you can get practical knowledge .
Key USP’s :
Learn how to Allocate project resources .
Learn to Define a project ’s scope .
Apply management principles and problem - solving skills .
Get Certified .
Rating : 4.5
Number of Students enrolled : 606,694
Review : Loved this course .
They taught some of the best tools that are easy to use .
Explore Project Management & Other Tools for Career Development Specialization Course
The Complete Project Management Fundamentals Course + CERT ( Udemy )
This course is mainly designed to learn the fundamental concepts of project management .
Within this course , you will understand the core concepts of Project Management and the phases of a project .
Also , after the completion of this course , you will get the Project Management Certificate which can be used to get a job .
Key USP’s :
Learn the key skills of project management .
Learn to develop business cases and more .
Get tips from experts .
Get Certified .
Rating : 4.3
Number of students enrolled : 18,381
Review : Wonderful course for beginners .
Explore The Complete Project Management Fundamentals Course
Note : PMI® , PMP® , PRINCE2® , certification examinations , governing bodies and other related terms are all trademarked and are property of their respective owners .
Recommended Reads
PADUCAH , Kentucky ( Reuters ) - A former U.S. soldier on trial in the gang rape of an Iraqi girl and the murder of her and her family in the war zone in 2006 was caught in a “ perfect storm of insanity , ” his lawyer told a jury on Monday .
Citizenship identification cards issued by the Iraqi government shows Abeer Qassim Hamza al - Janabi ( C ) in 1993 with a date of birth of August 19 , 1991 , as translated from the identity card , her mother Fakhriya Taha Muheisin al - Janabi ( L ) , in 1990 , and her father Qasim Hamza Rasheed al - Janabi , in 2006 , in this handout photo from their relatives in Baghdad July 9 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Handout
But government prosecutors in the same courtroom said former Private 1st Class Steven Green , alleged ringleader of the slayings , was only interested in killing Iraqis “ nonstop ” and bragged during a barbecue celebration later that what he had done was “ awesome . ”
Green , 23 , is being tried in federal court as a civilian since his arrest came after he was discharged from the U.S.
Army later in 2006 for a “ personality disorder . ”
He is the last of five men charged in the rape of Abeer Qassim Hamza al - Janabi , 14 , and the slaying of her and her father , mother and 6 - year - old sister .
The incident unfolded after the soldiers drank whiskey , played cards , and plotted the attack in Mahmudiya , 20 miles south of Baghdad , prosecutors have said .
Three of the other soldiers pleaded guilty in the attack and the fourth was convicted , all in military courts - martial .
They were given sentences of from five to 100 years , though they could be paroled much sooner .
Prosecutors said they are seeking the death penalty for Green .
In opening statements at the trial , Patrick Bouldin , a public defender , said Green ’s platoon had been decimated by deaths and injuries before the crime .
“ You have to understand the background that leads up to this perfect storm of insanity , ” Bouldin told the jury .
Bouldin said Green had sought help dealing with combat stress after the deaths of close colleagues and was unsure whether Iraqis he encountered were friend or foe .
“ They could n’t tell the village people and the farmers from the insurgents and the terrorists , ” he said .
IRAQIS HORRIFIED BY CRIME
Green , from Midland , Texas , faces 17 charges including sexual assault , murder , and obstruction of justice .
Outlining the gruesome details of the crime , federal prosecutor Brian Skaret said : “ Who could have done these things ?
It was n’t done by insurgents or terrorists .
It was the work of this man , Steven Green . ”
He said Green took his turn raping the girl after he shot to death the girl ’s mother , father and sister .
He said Green was predisposed to the crime .
“ Steven Green wanted to kill Iraqi civilians , ” Skaret said .
“ He wanted to kill them all the time , nonstop . ”
After the crime , Skaret said , the men celebrated with a barbecue , and Green was said to have commented “ that was awesome . ”
He also told an Army investigator the day after , “ I did that .
I killed them , ” Skaret said .
The family was chosen because the soldiers viewed them as an easy target , prosecutors have said .
Iraqis were horrified by the crime , one of a series of incidents involving U.S. soldiers that strained relations with the Iraqi government .
But the onset of Green ’s trial three years later is not resonating with most Iraqis , observers there say .
The incident was portrayed in the 2007 movie “ Redacted ” by director Brian De Palma , who complained the film was censored by the studio .
Its graphic images shocked many viewers .
Pictures of The Senster click on the thumbnails for a large size version
from the Philips archive photo taken on 15/1/1971 from the Philips archive photo taken on 15/1/1971 from the Philips archive photo taken in 1971
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - Singapore passed a law affecting freedom of assembly on Monday it said would help prevent the sort of disruption of international meetings that caused the cancellation of a summit in Thailand last weekend .
An opposition member of parliament , however , said the rules would tighten restrictions on Singaporeans ’ rights .
Singapore is due to host the Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) summit in November .
Law Minister K Shanmugam and other government lawmakers told parliament the Public Order Bill , introduced last month , was needed to prevent trouble at such conferences .
“ The backdrop of current events in Thailand , with the international leaders having to leave the conference by helicopter hurriedly , showed very tellingly the need for this legislation , ” he said .
Bangkok called off the summit of leaders from Southeast and East Asian countries on Saturday after anti-government protesters swarmed into the meeting ’s venue in the beach resort of Pattaya .
Shanmugam said the government would do everything it could to make hosting APEC , an annual gathering of leaders from 21 economies , including such economic heavy - hitters as the United States , Japan , China and Russia , a success .
“ Singapore cannot afford the luxury of having this meeting disrupted , ” said Shanmugam .
The law loosens some rules applying to indoor gatherings , but allows police to order a person to leave an area if they determine he is about to break the law .
All outdoor activities that are cause - related will need a police permit , no matter how many people are involved .
That is a change from the current law requiring a permit for gatherings of five or more people .
The bill allows police to stop people from filming law enforcement if it could put officers in danger .
The bill cited live media coverage of Indian police trying to rescue hostages in the Mumbai attacks last November as posing risks to the officers .
Legislator Sylvia Lim of the opposition Workers ’
Party told parliament the government was taking advantage of political struggle in Thailand to “ justify the implementation of draconian laws to inhibit the basic rights of Singaporeans further . ”
“ As long as this government respects and upholds democracy , the problems now we are seeing in Thailand will not happen here , ” said Lim , one of the three parliamentarians to vote against the bill .
“ But if the government wants to tinkle with individual freedom and democracy to an oppressive level it will actually become the source of public order problems . ”
As cynical as I am , I just ca n’t keep up .
That sentence is a paraphrase of a quote by Lily Tomlin that reads , “ No matter how cynical you become , it ’s never enough to keep up . ”
I have long been a cynic of the bailouts , and , unfortunately , I cannot detect even the slightest sliver of daylight between the prior and current administrations .
The reason , I fear , is captured by this quote from Simon Johnson , the former Chief Economist at the IMF and current professor at MIT ’s Sloan School of Management :
The crash has laid bare many unpleasant truths about the United States .
One of the most alarming , says a former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund , is that the finance industry has effectively captured our government — a state of affairs that more typically describes emerging markets , and is at the center of many emerging - market crises .
If the IMF ’s staff could speak freely about the U.S. , it would tell us what it tells all countries in this situation : recovery will fail unless we break the financial oligarchy that is blocking essential reform .
And if we are to prevent a true depression , we ’re running out of time .
The unfortunate conclusion here is that our system and processes are fully “ captured ” by a tangled web of interests that serve themselves over everything else .
Your future , my future , and our future is being systematically ruined by a self - interested group of insiders that can no longer distinguish between their good and the common good .
Here ’s the latest string of outrages from this week .
First , it is vitally important not just that conflict of interest be absent when big money is involved in policy decisions , but also that the appearance of conflict of interest be absent .
Our system of money is based on confidence ( after all it is a Ponzi scheme ) and therefore it is vital that our checks and balances assure that the public good is not abused by a few at the expense of the many .
In order for the average person to pull hard on the yoke of life , straining to earn their daily wage , that wage has to be worth something .
What is money “ worth , ” if some of us have to work to exhaustion to obtain it while a very small minority can literally conjure trillions out of thin air and distribute it amongst themselves ?
Money is a social contract , especially fiat money , and abusing the trust inherent to making that money system work is the gravest of all possible errors .
I am not exaggerating here .
This week I found out that , even as Lawrence Summers , in his role as President of Harvard University , was excoriating professor Cornell West for shirking his professorial duties by making a spoken - word audio CD , he was himself moonlighting for a hedge fund and various Wall Street banks earning millions .
Here ’s Frank Rich
Butterflies on the brink of extinction after wet summer
Britain 's butterflies have suffered their worst year for more than a quarter of a century , with many species hovering on the brink of extinction .
A wet summer , intensive agriculture and housing development have left 12 species in particular at their lowest numbers since records began more than 30 years ago .
These include the high brown fritillary , which has fewer than 50 colonies around the UK , many of them small , and the wood white , with under 100 colonies .
Small Tortoiseshell butterfly : Numbers are down 61 per cent in the past 30 years
Pearl - bordered fritillary :
It has plummeted by two - thirds in two decades
Other species at their lowest ebb since the UK Butterfly Monitoring Scheme began in 1976 include the small tortoiseshell ( down 61 per cent over the past 30 years ) , and the pearl - bordered fritillary ( down by two - thirds in the past 20 years ) .
Across the board , butterflies had their worst year since 1981 , when the summer was particularly cold .
Rain and cold make it difficult for the delicate creatures to fly and leave them vulnerable to predators .
High Brown fritillary : Under 50 colonies left in the UK
The summer of 2007 was the wettest for nearly 100 years , while last August was also dull and wet .
Tom Brereton , head of monitoring at Butterfly Conservation , said : ' We feel the cold when it rains but imagine a drop of water on a tiny butterfly .
It prevents them from doing anything and they have less time to breed , find food or lay their eggs .
' If we have a nice , sunny year , some species will bounce back , but some species got to such a low ebb on some sites we 're not sure if it has tipped them over the edge of extinction .
' A lot of sites are quite isolated , and when they go , it 's not easy for them to get recolonised . '
But some butterflies are still flying high .
The ringlet and large heath butterfly , which are better at tolerating rain , both had their secondbest year ever , the study showed .
Dr Brereton called for better management of woodland and protected sites , adding : ' Insects are good indicators about the state of the environment and if they have got problems it indicates a lot of other wildlife is under threat . '
The study , run by Butterfly Conservation and the Centre for Ecology & Hydrology , saw 1,500 volunteers monitoring butterfly numbers weekly through the summer at about 920 sites around Britain .
Cuckoos at crisis point
The cuckoo is on the verge of being put on the endangered species list in Britain , the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds has warned .
The songbird 's numbers have dropped by 59 per cent since the late 1960s and 30 per cent in the past 12 years alone , with only between 10,000 and 20,000 breeding pairs now migrating from Africa to hatch and rear their young here each year .
Ornithologists say fewer are making the 6,000 - mile trip here because food and water sources are drying up in Africa , making the journey more arduous .
A further update
from ' Henry Deacon '
_____________________________
Klicken
Sie hier für eine deutsche Übersetzung
The Hugo Award Logo Design Contest is now closed ..
Do not submit new entries , as we will not consider them .
The judges have selected a winner , and we will unveil the winning design at Anticipation , the 2009 World Science Fiction Convention in Montreal , on the night of Sunday , August 9 during the 2009 Hugo Awards Ceremony .
The contest announcement and rules below are included for archival purposes .
You can become a part of Worldcon history by designing the official logo for The Hugo Award .
Although the rocket atop the Hugo Award has been one of the most visible signs of excellence in science fiction and fantasy for more than fifty years , there has never been an official logo to designate works as Hugo Award nominees or winners .
The World Science Fiction Society now aims to change that by soliciting designs for such a logo , with the winning design to be the official logo suitable for use in the publishing and film / television industries .
Prizes
The designer of the winning entry will receive a $ 500 cash prize ( sponsored by SCIFI ) , a glass trophy featuring the winning design , a membership to an upcoming Worldcon , signed copies of Neil Gaiman ’s Hugo Award - winning novel American Gods and novella Coraline and the collection Fragile Things , including the Hugo Award - winning short story “ A Study in Emerald . ”
The winning designer will also have the right to use the logo and identify him / herself as its creator .
How to Enter
Submit entries by email to logocontest@thehugoawards.org .
Submit all entries as a scalable vector graphic in EPS format , and also as a JPG .
See the Submission Guidelines for detailed instructions .
Include in your submission e-mail the name , age , postal address , phone number and email address of the Entrant .
There is no fee to enter the Contest ; however , there is a maximum of 3 Entries per Entrant .
Read the Official Rules before submitting entries ; in case of any confusion or discrepancies , the Official Rules govern the contest .
Entry Deadline
The deadline for Entries is midnight ( one minute after 23:59 ) on May 31st , 2009 , Pacific Daylight Time .
( That is 07:00 June 1 UTC . )
We will attempt to acknowledge all entries within one week of receipt ; however , we can not be responsible for entries or responses lost in e-mail .
Judging
Entries will be evaluated by a panel of judges consisting of :
Irene Gallo ( Art Director at Tor Books and Tor.com )
Neil Gaiman ( 3 time Hugo Award winning writer )
Chip Kidd ( Graphic Designer / Writer / Editor )
Geri Sullivan ( Fan & Graphic Design pro )
The judges have been appointed by the World Science Fiction Society ’s Hugo Awards Marketing Committee , and the final decision on a winning logo design will be made by the Committee after consultation with the Judging Panel .
Official Rules
See the full list of Official Rules for all conditions and disclaimers .
Questions ?
If you have questions about the rules or other aspects of the contest , leave them as comments below or write to logocontest@thehugoawards.org .
Although we will attempt to answer all questions , we can not guarantee a reply .
Pop quiz , hot shot .
Danny Biasone was ...
(A) A failed " American Idol " contestant
(B) The little boy from " Who 's the Boss ? "
(C) A reputed mobster living in Jersey
(D) The guy who once saved the National Basketball Association
[+]
Enlarge Getty Images Danny Biasone did more good for basketball than you 'll ever know .
The answer : D . He did it 55 years ago this summer .
Our beloved NBA was floundering without effective rules to prevent stalling , intentional fouling and roughhouse play .
Scoring had plummeted to an appalling 79.5 points per game .
If you had a decent big guy , you planted him near the basket and tossed him lob passes , hoping he would get clubbed and sent to the line .
If you were protecting a lead , your point guard dribbled around and waited to get fouled .
If you were intentionally fouling someone , you popped him UFC - style to send a statement .
In Biasone 's day , players fought like hockey thugs , fans frequently threw things on the court and nobody could figure out how to stop the mayhem .
You can't overstate how excruciating the stalling and fouling tactics were .
There was the time Fort Wayne famously beat the Minneapolis Lakers 19 - 18 .
There was the five - OT playoff game between Rochester and Indy in which the winner of each overtime tap held the ball for the rest of the period to attempt a winning shot , leading to a bizarre situation in which Rochester 's home fans booed and booed and ultimately started leaving in droves , even with the game still going .
The ' 53 playoffs averaged eighty free throws per game .
The anti-electrifying ' 54 Finals featured scores of 79- 68 , 62-60 , 81-67 , 80-69 , 84-73 , 65-63 and 87-80 .
You get the idea .
When the Knicks were knocked out of the 1954 playoffs in the first round , author Leonard Koppett wrote that their last game " encompassed all the repulsive features of the grab - and - hold philosophy .
It lasted three hours , and the final seconds of a one - point game were abandoned by the network .
The arguments with the referees were interminable and degrading .
What had been happening , as a matter of course , in dozens of games for the last couple of years , was shown to a nationwide audience in unadulterated impurity . "
Unadulterated impurity ... a little different than " Where Amazing Happens . "
Enter Biasone , who owned the Syracuse Nationals at the time .
An Italian immigrant who arrived on Ellis Island and made his money by owning a bowling alley -- no , really , a single bowling alley -- Biasone wore long , double - breasted coats , smoked filtered cigarettes and wore Borsalino hats .
( Note : I do n't know what Borsalino hats are , but they sound fantastic . )
For three full years preceding the catastrophic 1954 playoffs , Biasone had been unsuccessfully trying to sell the other owners on a 24 - second shot clock that would speed up games .
How did he arrive at 24 ?
Biasone studied games he remembered enjoying and realized that , in each of those games , both teams took around 60 shots .
Well , 60+60=120 .
He settled on 120 shots as the minimum combined total that would be acceptable from a " I 'd rather kill myself than watch another NBA game like this " standpoint .
And if you shoot every 24 seconds over the course of a 48 - minute game , that comes out to .. wait for it ... 120 shots !
In August 1954 , Biasone staged an exhibition game using his clock with NBA players to prove the idea worked .
It did .
The other owners voted for the change .
Scoring quickly jumped by 13.6 points per team .
The Karma Gods rewarded Biasone when Syracuse beat Fort Wayne in seven games for the ' 55 title , the second lowest - rated sporting event of all - time behind Fox 's " Celebrity Boxing 2 . "
Coincidence ?
I say no .
Scoring cracked 100 per game by 1957 - 58 .
One year later , Boston beat Minnesota by a record score of 173- 139 , with Bob Cousy finishing with a record 29 assists .
And the NBA never looked back .
Of course , the Basketball Hall of Fame did n't induct Biasone until 2000 , which would have been touching if poor Biasone had n't been dead for eight years .
Really , inventing the shot clock and saving professional basketball was n't worthy of a Hall of Fame nod for 46 years ?
We should have created a 24 - dollar bill and put Biasone 's picture on it .
We should have retired " 24 " on every NBA team .
We did nothing .
The man saved the NBA , and there 's a good chance you did n't even know who he was .
Where Aging Does n't Happen ...
Fifty - five years later , professional basketball is played by the greatest athletes in the world .
They run like gazelles and jump like kangaroos .
They are chiseled in ways that we cannot fathom .
They are taller , faster , stronger and more coordinated than us .
We have nothing in common with them .
That 's one of the reasons we like watching them .
They are real - life superheroes .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Phelan Ebenhack
Let guys like Dwight Howard and LeBron James mix it up a little .
Basketball is supposed to be a physical game .
In Game 2 of the Eastern Conference Finals , with one second to play and his Cavaliers trailing by two , a 6 - foot - 9 , 275 - pound local kid from Akron bullied toward the basket like a tight end .
His goal was to jump as high as he could , extend his hands 2 feet over the 10 - foot rim , then catch a lob from 50 feet away that had to be perfectly thrown .
When his path was cut off , he recalibrated his mission almost as a navigation system reroutes a car , darted away from the basket toward the top of the key , caught a pass coming from his left , turned toward the rim , took a split second to center his body , bounced off the balls of his feet , extended in the air , then arched a 24 - foot shot over the extended fingers of a 6 - foot - 10 opponent from Turkey .
Even as he released the shot , he was falling backward , so his momentum carried him toward the other basket .
Somehow , the shot rattled home .
And that 's when LeBron James turned around , sought out his teammates and joyously hopped into their arms .
This was one of the bigger moments in recent NBA history :
The time when our latest hope for " The Next Jordan " actually did something MJ would have done .
Like so many other die - hards , I spent the next 24 hours rehashing the moment through phone calls and e-mails and texts .
This was n't about hype , or blowing things out of proportion , or racing to put the proper context in place before everything else .
This was just a beautiful moment , one of those nights that made us remember why we waste so much time following sports .
Two nights later , Cleveland and Orlando played an unspeakably awful game that featured a whopping 58 fouls .
All the momentum from Game 2 was gone .
Here was the new NBA in its new age of unadulterated impurity : Teams hoisting bad 3 - pointers , referees trying to " manage " the game and failing , players going one - on - five , stoppages again and again and again , free throws and more free throws , more stoppages , more mismanaging by the refs ... by the time it was over , I wanted to commit a flagrant one on myself .
The two teams combined to attempt 96 2 - point field goals , 43 3 - pointers and a staggering 86 free throws .
In other words , there were nearly nine free throws for every 10 2 - point field goal attempts .
Egads .
The next night , Los Angeles and Denver combined to play a similarly brutal game : 113 2 - point attempts , 55 3 - pointers , 84 free throws .
Yuck .
You might argue this happens every playoffs :
We bitch about bad calls or choppy games and nothing ever changes .
But this spring feels different for two reasons .
First , the NBA can't seem to replenish its officiating ranks .
1937 , 1939 , 1943 , 1944 , 1947 , 1948 , 1950 , 1951 , 1951 , 1953 , 1954 , 1955 , 1955 ... those are the actual birth years of 13 current referees .
In professional sports , athletes slip from the ages of 34 to 39 unless they extend their stay with PEDs .
In the NBA , in which officials are required to run or jog for 150 minutes and make split - second decisions on hundreds of plays , we 're expected to believe that the aging process does n't apply .
And if you believe that , I have some Bernie Madoff stock tips for you .
Second , a league - wide objective to regulate physical play has inadvertently compromised a decent slice of competitive spirit .
Come playoff time -- with teams kicking into a higher gear , with edginess from a long series inevitable , with desperation in the air -- the league seems more interested in constantly nipping things in the bud ( even if there 's nothing to nip ) over letting these guys compete as human beings would .
I played hoops until I was 33 years old and my back gave out .
The best thing about basketball -- really , the single best thing , what I miss over everything else combined -- is the interaction between players .
I spent hundreds and hundreds of hours playing pickup in college ; to this day , I can rattle off an extended list of everyone I loved playing with .
Basketball is about connections .
You connect with teammates , reach an advanced form of ESP with them , start moving in rhythm , and then it 's magic .
The more you play with someone , the better you know them .
Same goes for opponents .
Play with someone enough and you learn every head fake , every stutter step , everything .
I played with my buddy Bish so many times in high school that we just started swallowing up each other 's favored moves .
That 's basketball .
It 's like chess crossed with ballet .
Because of that , you search for any edge you can get .
Maybe you piss off someone with a foul that 's a little too hard .
Maybe you mutter under your breath , " Ca n't stop me . "
Maybe you make a 20 - footer and preen a little too long afterward .
Maybe you swing an elbow after a rebound simply because the little pest on the other team has an annoying habit of reaching in and invading your personal space .
Basketball resembles real life in that way :
You coexist for as long as you can , you try to get along , but sometimes , it 's impossible .
Here 's the crucial wrinkle :
It 's rarely personal .
You 're only trying to win .
If someone makes you angry , you get over it .
I played basketball for three decades and remember going after only one person , during an intramural game in college , when someone nailed me too hard in a must - foul situation and I responded with a hard push in the face .
Ten seconds later , we were fine .
That 's basketball .
Put 10 competitive guys on the same court , have them bang bodies for an hour or two , and stuff WILL happen .
It 's inevitable .
You might have some yelling and pointing and staring and everything else .
Big deal .
That 's just testosterone doing its thing .
That testosterone fueled the NBA in its heyday .
My favorite game ever ( and not just because Boston won ) was Game 4 of the 1984 Finals , the ultimate example of stacked teams battling with an extra edge .
I rewatched it last summer and could n't get over how it would have been wrecked today .
McHale gets tossed for the Rambis clothesline .
Bird gets
T'd for nudging Cooper out of bounds .
Kareem gets tossed for nearly slicing off Bird 's wispy mustache with an elbow .
Maxwell gets
T'd for walking across the lane and choking himself after Worthy 's missed free throw .
On the crucial play of OT , when Magic gets switched onto Bird and they fight for position down low -- with Bird finally draining a turnaround over Magic 's mug -- the officials would have called Magic for a foul before Bird 's shot happened .
Six of the iconic moments of the game ... ruined .
Could they have competed as hard with the current rules ?
No .
My single favorite old - school moment of the past two decades happened at the end of Game 5 of the 1993 Eastern finals , when Chicago 's Jordan , Pippen and Grant famously blocked four straight Charles Smith shots to clinch the victory in New York .
Were the blocks clean ?
I do n't know .
Did the Knicks complain after ?
No .
Because you had to watch the whole game -- that play did n't just happen .
All four quarters were played with that same cutthroat intensity .
Unlike today , the officials did n't change their minds midway through the game on what contact was acceptable .
They did n't try to manage the game .
They let the players decide what happened and intervened when necessary .
That 's basketball .
At least , that 's what basketball should be .
The General Motors syndrome
The 1993 playoffs were the last time players were allowed to compete like that .
Things already were changing ; we just did n't know it yet .
Blame the Bad Boy Pistons and Pat Riley 's Knicks :
Once the sport became faster and more athletic in the late ' 80s , teams used violence and intimidation to even the odds for themselves .
Blame ESPN , the Internet and the 24 - hour sports cycle for enabling any negative incident to be hashed , rehashed and re-rehashed a million katrillion times .
Blame the NBA 's arrogance : not just its failure to acknowledge any officiating woes until the Donaghy scandal ( and even then the league just shuffled a few Titanic deck chairs and called it a day ) , but its refusal to come up with a better infrastructure for evaluating and developing referees .
And by " better , " I mean " competent . "
Once the game sped up after various ( and sorely needed ) rule changes before the 2004 - 05 season , the officials struggled to handle the increased swiftness .
The NBA 's solution was to blame players and not officials : by discouraging contact and preventing juices from flowing , as the theory went , the games would be easier to control .
The Artest melee in November 2004 became a catalyst of sorts , even if it was the perfect storm of crazy players and crazy fans and could n't possibly be replicated .
We 've been paying for it ever since .
The NBA 's ensuing overreaction would be like the airline industry reacting to Chelsey " Sully " Sullenberger 's Hudson River flight by refusing to allow any planes to take off with birds in the air .
The insinuation is pretty clear :
The league believes its players cannot police themselves , that every movement and innate reaction during a contest played at the highest possible speed should somehow be controlled .
Two great Game 4 examples from this week : Andrew Bynum's " flagrant " foul on Chris Andersen ( really , just one guy preventing a layup by slapping down on the ball with both hands ) , and Dwight Howard getting T'd up for reacting after Anderson Varejao fouled him from behind , wrapped him up and tried to prevent a shot , only Howard still made it falling backward , then turned and screamed in delight at Varejao .
( This call was so bad the NBA rescinded the technical Wednesday . )
You 're not allowed to get excited after a great play ?
Really ?
You 're not allowed to gain any kind of a mental edge over a guy you 're trying to beat ?
[+]
Enlarge Fernando Medina / NBAE / Getty Images
When in doubt , just put your head down and drive hard to the hole .
Might one drop of bad blood lead to the next Artest melee or Kermit Washington punch ?
In the NBA 's mind , yes .
The league apparently believes its athletes -- who hail from a veritable melting pot of backgrounds and countries , by the way -- should behave like the " Dead Poets Society " kids without exception .
Those players are expected to be exceedingly polite and articulate at all times .
They are expected to perform in front of thousands without ever getting irritated .
Each one of their mistakes is graded in black and white with no shades of gray .
Step off the bench because your teammate just got decked , you miss a game .
Clobber someone on a hard foul , and the referees review that foul and determine a penalty : slow - motion justice for an act that happened in the blink of an eye .
What I can't understand :
We 're seeing just as many whistles and flagrants and technicals as ever , but we 're also seeing more long - range shooting now that so many teams have embraced corner 3s and the slash - and - kick game .
Should n't the number of whistles be dropping with considerably fewer big guys battling for position ?
Colleague Ric Bucher believes NBA players have become too quick and too fast ; since it 's not as if the officials can improve their vision or instincts , they can't keep up , and that explains the current mess .
I disagree .
You can't tell me that Pippen , MJ , Mailman , Mr. Robinson , Worthy , Barkley and everyone else were n't as gifted as the current crew .
There might be MORE good athletes now , but any difference is negated by the difference in play .
Back in Jordan 's day , you fought like hell to control the paint on both ends .
Now ?
You run high screens , jack up 3 - pointers or tell your superstar to go one - on - five .
That 's it .
In that respect , Jordan was both the best and worst thing ever to happen to the league .
You know the good things he did , but he also paved the way for a generation of one - on - one players who careen toward the basket in big moments , create some form of contact and hope officials will bail them out .
With four seconds to play in Game 4 and his team trailing by 2 , LeBron put his head down , dribbled as fast as he could and prayed Michael Pietrus would either bump him or trip him .
If you watch the clip , he 's moving so fast that it would have been humanly impossible for him to make a shot .
That was n't his goal .
He wanted a call .
And he got one .
Their feet got tangled , LeBron lurched forward , and the refs bailed him out .
Dwyane Wade won an NBA Finals for Miami that way .
Three years later , LeBron nearly saved Cleveland 's season that same way .
It 's a reprehensibly effective strategy that has nothing in common with anything we would ever see on a playground , an intramural game or a one - on - one battle in someone 's backyard .
I have been writing this column for 12 years dating back to my old Web site .
Never have I received as many " I hate the referees " and " I hate watching these guys drive to the basket and get bailed out " and " Why ca n't they just let these guys play basketball and act like human beings ? " e-mails as I did this spring .
The crucial difference between 2009 and the last few years ?
This spring featured the most talented group of playoff performers we 've seen in 16 years , as well as two truly quirky teams coming into their own ( Denver and Orlando ) .
That makes it more personal for us .
The league should be in great shape .
We want it to work .
All the pieces are in place .
It 's like going over to a friend 's beautiful new house , walking in and being appalled by the shoddy wallpaper , ugly furniture and disgusting wooden floors .
Buddy , why wo n't you fix your house ?
In this case , David Stern is the buddy .
Today 's games should be easier to call because they 're more predictable .
Teams run the same play five or six straight times down the stretch .
For Cleveland , it 's the high screen with Ilguaskas and James .
For Boston , it 's the high post play with Pierce .
For the Lakers , it 's the " Let 's run the triangle for 42 minutes , then we 'll just clear out for Kobe for the last six " offense .
For Denver , it 's either a high screen for Chauncey or a clear - out for Carmelo .
Only the Magic ( God bless them ) seem interested in playing a style that does n't revolve around the same guy hoisting 3s or barrelling toward the basket again and again .
You would think that seeing the same types of plays run again and again and again and again would be an advantage for referees .
It 's not .
The question is why .
Time for a revolution
The NBA 's failure to develop a new generation of decent referees might be its single biggest misfire of the past 20 years .
You can't tell me that someone in their mid-50s or older has the same eyesight and reaction time as people 20 - 30 years younger .
I can't think of another profession that works quite this way :
No accountability , no repercussions , nothing .
Whenever they make a crucial mistake -- such as all three refs missing J.R. Smith 's jump ball violation that helped decide Game 2 last week -- the league invariably pulls its Frank Drebin routine and stands in front of a burning warehouse with fireworks exploding .
Please disperse !
Nothing to see here !
Please disperse !
Look , we still do n't know everything that happened with Tim Donaghy , or whether his claims of playoff fixes in the past were valid .
We still do n't know why Donaghy called fellow referee Scott Foster hundreds of times before and after games .
We still do n't know why certain referees get assigned to certain games , why Bennett Salvatore always seems to be involved when a home team needs a win to change the momentum of a series , why Joey Crawford keeps getting assigned to Spurs games , why Danny Crawford keeps getting assigned to Mavericks games , why Bill Kennedy would get assigned to a big Celtics game only six weeks after an argument cost Doc Rivers money .
We are told that referees do n't matter , but that 's the thing :
They do .
[+]
Enlarge Fernando Medina / NBAE / Getty Images
Here 's one of the stars of the 2009 playoffs in action .
Whenever TNT's Charles Barkley bitches about the officials , you can count on Kenny Smith to interject that they miss calls just like players miss shots .
That 's not the point .
We should n't have a league in which every game is officiated differently .
Game 2 of the Bulls - Celtics series was beautiful to watch : 118-115 , 146 2 - pointers , 36 3s , 39 fouls , 54 free throws .
The chippiness increased through the next four games , culminating in skittish officials ruining Game 7 because they were so desperate to manage it : 109-99 , 114 2 - pointers , 41 3s , 52 fouls , 75 free throws .
Guess which game they 'll show on ESPN Classic 20 years from now .
In a perfect world , officials should crack down on everything early and set the tone .
From there , the players make necessary adjustments and then we 're fine .
We keep seeing the opposite pattern : lots of leeway early , then a catalyst that leads to a massive overreaction , followed by quick whistles and frustrated players the rest of the way .
Game 3 of Orlando - Cleveland changed as soon as Anthony Johnson belted Mo Williams .
Game 4 of L.A. - Denver changed as soon as Dahntay Jones tripped Kobe Bryant and the refs missed it , then Kobe flipped out to the point that the refs overreacted to everything that followed .
This happens routinely :
One aberrant moment shaping the next few hundred moments that come .
( Another underrated problem :
The three referees are constantly in flux during games .
Joey Crawford might end up under Cleveland 's basket on one side and standing at midcourt on Orlando 's side .
Why does this matter ?
Because he calls everything tight .
So if he 's whistling everything by the book on one end , and his partner is letting things go on the other end , how are the players supposed to adjust to the constant ebbs and flows ?
They can't .
This is why certain games become hopelessly choppy .
God forbid all the refs called games by the rulebook without their own personal spin . )
Only when a championship gets swayed by a bad call will Team Stern admit there 's a problem .
( Hell , they wo n't even fire longtime referees . )
You should have seen the number of e-mails I received during and after Game 3 of the Cavs series , with many readers making the same point : " I was out on the NBA until LeBron 's shot , so I thought I 'd give it another chance , and now I remember why I left in the first place . "
Great .
You could counter that doomsday routine with the league 's healthy ratings and wealth of likable superstars -- and , by the way , both points are true -- but that does n't mean things can't be better .
Sadly , there is n't one simple solution like a shot clock this time .
For instance , I love Jeff Van Gundy 's idea of a " penalty box " ( basically , banishing guys to their bench for a specific period of time ) .
Say Rafer Alston slaps Eddie House again : instead of a one - game suspension , he'd be benched for the first half .
Say Amare Stoudemire drifts off the bench because Steve Nash got whipped against the scorer 's table and it's human instinct to protect a teammate : maybe he'd miss the first quarter of the next game .
Maybe instead of double technicals for jawing , players would get sent off for five minutes to calm down .
You get the drift .
A grander idea :
Since the league is already throwing tens of millions behind self - serving ventures such as the WNBA , the D - League and the Redeem Team , why would n't it spend a few extra bucks on D - League officiating salaries in an attempt to lure better talent ?
Better yet , why not splurge on a development academy for younger officials ?
Should n't Team Stern be actively recruiting former players as future refs ?
Just this past year , we learned USA Basketball is building a $ 1.2 billion facility in The Middle of Nowhere , Arizona , that makes absolutely no practical sense whatsover unless you remember that longtime Stern crony Jerry Colangelo brokered the deal .
So , we can have a $ 1.2 billion headquarters for USA Basketball , but we can't have a tiny NBA Referee Academy somewhere ?
[+]
Enlarge Noah Graham / NBAE / Getty Images
A defensive stopper like Dahntay Jones does n't have much of a chance against a star like Kobe Bryant .
( The following is absolutely true : Last week , the NBA sent out a memo for its Development League Referee Tryout Camp , which is scheduled for June 19 - 21 in Los Angeles .
Participants officiate two games with prospective D - League players and need a minimum of two years experience at the high school level or higher .
Not only do the participants have to pay their own way to get there , but the NBA charges them a $ 550 fee that covers " lodging for two nights at the camp headquarters , transportation to and from the games , and a camp officiating jersey . "
YOU HAVE TO PAY TO TRY OUT !
The NBA , where amazingly dumb happens . )
Finally , the logic behind " flagrant fouls " was that it was supposed to prevent ... ( drumroll , please ) ... flagrant fouls !
Do you feel like that mission has been accomplished ?
Imagine your local police force telling you , " Since our crackdown on home robberies , home robberies have doubled in the past three years .
We could n't be happier ! "
Would n't you think they were insane ?
The " flagrant " rule not only slowed down games and made them more confusing ; it certainly did n't curtail rough play , that 's for sure .
I 'd rather see Van Gundy 's penalty box idea .
Make these guys feel repercussions with playing time instead of their already fat wallets .
The question remains :
What 's wrong with a few rough fouls ?
Is n't that an occupational hazard , no different than pitchers occasionally getting hit by line drives or defensemen getting nailed by slapshots ?
What 's wrong with the occasional shoving match where nobody gets hurt , or the wild roundhouse right that never connects ?
What are we afraid of ?
Why does hockey condone fighting and baseball still allows dugouts and bullpens to empty during brawls , but the NBA does n't allow glaring ?
If everyone else in society can butt heads from time to time , why ca n't NBA players ?
What makes them a higher form of being ?
There 's no answer .
I do n't see the NBA bending on that idealistic philosophy .
The league is turning into a Disney movie come hell or high water .
At the very least , we can pressure Team Stern to fix its shaky officiating .
That 's why I 'm calling on the Internets .
If you want a blog that gets traffic , start tracking bad playoff calls .
Read the rulebook , familiarize yourself with it , watch each game with a fine - tooth comb and jot down every missed call and incorrect call .
Chart how the fouls go up and down depending on the quarter .
Chart the inconsistencies .
Chart the number of calls , as well as the types of calls , that each referee makes and see if there 's some sort of common theme .
If you do a good job , I will send you traffic and so will everyone else .
It 's that easy .
One other thing to chart : Does the NBA " control " the outcomes of certain games by assigning referees with certain call patterns ?
For instance , the 2008 - 09 Celtics were the most physical team in the league .
Let 's say they were leading a series 3 - 2 and the NBA wanted a Game 7 .
Would it assign some of its most whistle - happy refs to that game ?
Or let 's say the NBA needed Utah to pull out a must - win game at home .
If it had one or two refs with a history of being intimidated by tough crowds , would it feed them to the wolves in Utah ?
So let 's see this stuff on paper .
We have hundreds of stat - obsessed lunatics tracking Derek Jeter 's defensive range or unearthing new ways to rip off VORP ; we could n't find a few of them to pick apart officials and assignments ?
Remember this :
The league will change only if it 's embarrassed enough .
Web sites tracking official statistics and playoff calls would embarrass them .
YouTube clips edited to include every bad call from every playoff game would embarrass them .
( For instance , an edited reel of questionable calls from Wednesday night 's Game 5 would be eye - opening , especially Nene 's last two fouls and the 73 times that ' Melo got hacked without a whistle . )
Maybe this column will embarrass them .
And if it does , I 'm glad .
A reader e-mailed after the 86 - FT Game that he would rather watch a playoffs in which players called their own fouls .
At first glance , ridiculous .
Within a few seconds , I started talking myself into it .
By the three - minute mark , I was genuinely excited .
No referees .
The players policing themselves .
Pickup rules for the playoffs .
Hmmmmmm .
That 's how bad things have gotten .
An idea THAT dumb got my wheels spinning .
The thing is , we do n't need filtered cigarettes , Borsalino hats and a radical invention to save the league from itself this time .
We need common sense .
We need ideas .
We need spinning wheels .
We need the league to stop the Frank Drebin routine and start fixing things .
Fifty - five years ago , fans had to revolt during an unwatchable playoffs for NBA owners to accept Danny Biasone 's shot clock .
I do n't know what the tipping point will be this time around .
I just know it 's coming .
Bill Simmons is a columnist for Page 2 and ESPN The Magazine .
For every Simmons column , as well as podcasts , videos , favorite links and more , check out the revamped Sports Guy 's World .
* Companies seek Swiss domiciles despite tax row
* U.S. political climate may be helping
* Appeal as corporate location may outlast offshore dispute
ZUG , Switzerland , March 12 ( Reuters ) -
The tidy towns and mountain vistas of Switzerland are an unlikely setting for an oil boom .
Yet a wave of energy companies has in the last few months announced plans to move to Switzerland -- mainly for its appeal as a low - tax corporate domicile that looks relatively likely to stay out of reach of Barack Obama ’s tax - seeking administration .
In a country with scant crude oil production of its own , the virtual energy boom has changed the canton or state of Zug , about 30 minutes ’ drive from Zurich , beyond all recognition .
Its economy was based on farming until it slashed tax rates to attract commerce after World War Two .
It still has a chocolate - box old town with views over a lake to the high Alps , but is now surrounded by gleaming corporate offices -- including commodity trader Glencore and oil refiner Petroplus -- shopping malls and housing developments .
Local authorities say about 13 percent of full - time jobs in Zug canton are in the raw materials sector .
Over the past six months companies including offshore drilling contractors Noble Corp and Transocean , energy - focused engineering group Foster Wheeler and oilfield services company Weatherfield International have all announced plans to shift domicile to Switzerland .
“ Switzerland has a stable and developed tax regime and a network of tax treaties with most countries where we operate , ” Transocean Chief Executive Bob Long said in a statement in October , when it announced its move .
“ As a result , the redomestication will improve our ability to maintain a competitive worldwide effective corporate tax rate . ”
Guido Jud , head of Zug ’s tax office , said about 1,200 companies had set up shop there in 2008 -- in line with the long - term average , though it is difficult to assess how many of those are foreign companies until they file tax returns .
Swiss cantons are free to set their own tax rates .
For example in Zug , corporate tax is about 16 percent but can fall as low as 9.5 percent for companies that do most of their business outside Switzerland .
That compares with an average global corporate tax rate of 25.9 percent , according to consultancy KPMG .
“ One trend that we see is that particularly Bermuda - based companies are now moving to Switzerland , ” said Martin Frey , a partner at law company Baker & McKenzie .
“ That may only partly be obviously for tax reasons , but also for security reasons and the fact that the Obama administration may go after them . ”
CORPORATE APPEAL
The moves come as the Alpine country is under pressure to stop providing a haven to rich individuals who have been illegally dodging taxes : the U.S. political climate could be contributing to the corporate relocations as authorities seek to crack down on tax avoidance and boost their own revenues .
A bill introduced in the U.S. Congress in March targeting “ offshore tax dodges ” by individuals and companies names Switzerland among tax havens for evaders .
Offshore tax abuses cost the U.S. Treasury an estimated $ 30 - 60 billion in lost revenues from corporation tax , plus $ 40 - 70 billion from individuals , according to the office of Senator Carl Levin , who is sponsoring the bill .
Switzerland holds around $ 2 trillion of estimated global undeclared assets , according to the Boston Consulting Group .
Revenue generated from this could be squeezed as a U.S. probe of its biggest bank UBS dilutes banking secrecy .
Yet analysts say the Swiss , whose GDP in 2008 was about 530 billion Swiss francs ( $ 460 billion ) according to the International Monetary Fund , are less likely to meet opposition to the low - tax regimes that draw foreign companies : these are deemed less harmful tax avoidance , rather than evasion .
“ They are still making some money by having lower taxes on companies , ” said Lee Sheppard , contributing editor to Tax Notes , a tax journal based in Washington DC .
“ But they ’re not ever going to be making the amount that other governments are annoyed about losing . ”
Analysts note that because Switzerland has its own tax treaty with the United States , blacklisting it at a corporate or individual level could cause unproductive diplomatic incidents .
Low - tax jurisdictions like Bermuda or the Cayman Islands look more vulnerable because they have less diplomatic clout , which is prompting some companies to head for Switzerland .
The European Commission , the European Union ’s executive body , has said the tax regimes in cantons like Zug , Schwyz and Obwalden are a form of state aid : it wants Switzerland to end favourable treatment of foreign - earned profits .
Switzerland , which is not a member of the EU , denies the cantons ’ special status violates its free trade deal with the bloc and rejects negotiations with Brussels on fiscal matters .
But it has pledged to consider some other company taxation regulations the EU has objected to , such as the status of foreign companies , aiming to ensure these go beyond thinly staffed headquarters to invest and create jobs in Switzerland .
CONTINUING TREND
Baker & McKenzie ’s
Frey thinks more companies will shift to Switzerland , and Zug ’s Jud also highlighted the country ’s neutrality and reliability as an attraction to energy companies who do business in less stable countries .
“ We are not reckoning on an unusually strong boom , but a continual and sustainable growth on the scale of the last few years and decades , ” Jud said .
Companies say Switzerland ’s attractiveness as a corporate location goes beyond tax to include easy and efficient transport , a high quality of life high and well - trained staff .
In the current climate , the attractions for the companies that move clearly outweigh one drawback : by making the switch they potentially sacrifice inclusion in stock market indexes such as the closely watched benchmark Standard & Poor ’s 500 .
“ In the past and most recently with Transocean , Standard & Poor ’s has ruled that the process of redomesticating to Switzerland renders a company ‘ ineligible for continued inclusion ’ in the S&P 500 , ” said Macquarie Research analyst Angie Sedita in a note .
In buoyant times , inclusion in such indexes has offered access to equity capital .
But the S&P 500 has fallen more than 50 percent since October .
( Additional reporting by Braden Reddall in Houston ; Editing by Sara Ledwith ) ( $ 1=1.158 Swiss Franc )
At some point on their five - year journey , Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity have both gotten their feet stuck in the soil , and NASA is taking notes for the design of the next generation of rovers .
In 2005 , Opportunity spent five weeks spinning her wheels in a dune later dubbed " Purgatory . "
Last week , Spirit sank into a sandpit scientists are calling " Troy , " and could stay there for weeks — or forever .
But rovers of the future may have an easier time of it .
NASA scientists are building an army of prototypes with new and ever weirder ways to rove .
CLIFFBOT
____One of the toughest tasks for rovers is climbing steep slopes .
Some of the most interesting bits of Martian geology , like exposed rocks on cliff faces or gullies in craters that might once have been flowing streams , are off - limits to Spirit and Opportunity .
Anxious engineers fear a spill , or worry that once they 're in , they wo n't be able to get back out .
The Cliffbot ( known more formally as the Sample - Return Rover ) gets around this by borrowing tricks from human mountaineers .
It 's tethered to two " anchorbots " that belay it from the top of the cliff using modified fishing reels .
This configuration lets it climb down 80 degree slopes to take pictures and soil samples at the bottom .
Cliffbot is already getting its feet dirty :
It spent the past three summers doing field tests in Svalbard , Norway , where it froze its batteries off and dodged polar bears .
LEMUR
____
Another rover tackles the climbing problem with sheer dexterity .
With a typically charming NASA acronym , the Lemur ( Limbed Excursion Mechanical Utility Robots ) was designed to help build things in orbit .
It can crawl along a segmented mirror and climb the walls in a rock gym .
Engineers hope it will be able to place " holds " in rock and soil , like rock climbers do .
And at just 18 inches across , it 's downright adorable .
ATHLETE
____The behemoth Athlete ( All - Terrain Hex - Legged Extra- Terrestrial Explorer ) rover is based on the Lemur , but it 's anything but cuddly .
Designed to carry people and equipment across the surface of the moon , it tackles tough terrain with sheer size .
The prototype is four meters ( about 13 feet ) wide , and the rover is expected to be nearly twice that .
It can roll up to six miles an hour on the lunar hills , while keeping the center of the vehicle perfectly level .
That might not sound like much , but it 's more than 100 times as fast as the Mars rovers , which have each traversed about five miles in as many years .
And unlike other rovers , it does n't just roll around .
It can lift up its limbs to step over boulders ( not to mention strike menacing scorpion - like poses ) .
Athlete would probably be used in tandem with a lunar rover like the one featured at Obama 's inauguration .
" It 's like retired people with their big Winnebago and the Jeep behind them , " said Richard Volpe , manager of Mobility and Robotics Systems Section of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
" You park your Winnebago [ in this case , Athlete ] and it stays stationary for a week or two , and you do your little sorties in your Jeep . "
One way engineers imagine getting these colossal insects to the moon is to make them collapsible .
They 'd fold down into discs , stack up for the flight , and self - deploy on landing like giant robot spiders popping out of a Pringles can .
Another is to have them split into two three - legged " Tri-Athletes " that can click back together or dock to other robots on the moon .
Continued from page 1
HOPPER
Able to leap small boulders in a single bound , this hopping robot does n't waste time on navigation .
The prototype is so new it does n't have a catchy acronym yet , but it 's the latest in a long line of hopping robots , all designed to save the time and energy lost tiptoeing around obstacles .
Most earlier hoppers landed on their heads and needed helmets to survive , which meant they could n't make long jumps or carry fragile equipment .
This one deftly lands on its six spring - loaded feet .
It can jump about a foot in the air on Earth , which would be six feet under lunar gravity .
All six legs are also steerable , letting it take off and land at different angles .
And it carries a small motorized gyroscope in its underbelly to keep it from tumbling mid-hop .
AXEL
The simplest proto-rover of them all , Axel is aptly named .
It 's just two wheels connected to an axle .
Its symmetry means it 's safe from one of the biggest rover worries on steep slopes : flipping over .
" Even if it ’s turned upside - down it does n’t matter , because upside - down is right - side - up , " Volpe said .
Like the Cliffbot , Axel would be tethered to a bigger rover that would stand at the top of a cliff .
But Axel can take unprecedented amounts of abuse .
Its wheels can be foldable or inflatable , letting it absorb a lot of impact on landing .
It 's unperturbed by dangling in mid-air .
It can carry scientific instruments in the cylinder that connects the two wheels , and could even take samples back the same way .
All the tether rover needs to do is reel it back in when it 's done .
__MARS SCIENCE LABORATORY
__
____Most of these rovers are years away from seeing the dim light of space .
According to Volpe , it typically takes 10 to 20 years from rover concept to deployment .
But how will the next generation of Mars rovers handle the sand ?
The Mars Science Laboratory , slated to launch in 2011 , is based on the same basic system as Spirit and Opportunity , but twice as big .
" When it comes to rocky terrain , we can climb obstacles that are about twice as high or as deep as Spirit and Opportunity , " said mobility engineer Jaime Waydo .
" In that undulating terrain where there 's rocks or holes , we do very well . "
But they have n't solved the sand problem yet .
" When it comes to sand , what you care about is something we call ground pressure , how much you float in the sand , " Waydo said .
" MSL has the same ground pressure as Spirit and Opportunity , so when we start driving in sand , we expect the performance to be about the same . "
There 's an obvious trade - off at work :
The heavier your rover , the more it sinks .
MSL could be more buoyant if it had bigger wheels ( which would be harder to ship ) or took fewer instruments , but " that would be really sad , " Waydo said .
" We could take less science , but that 's the whole reason we go . "
Images : NASA / JPL
See Also :
City of London officers warn press photographers that they will go to jail if they continue taking pictures from their current location .
The force later apologised for using this measure on some members of the media
A sun-drenched park filled with bud , breasts , and beats :
No wonder so many dudes were at Denver 's 4/20 rally at Civic Center Park .
Photos by J. Knight .
A sun-drenched park filled with bud , breasts , and beats :
No wonder so many dudes were at Denver 's 4/20 rally at Civic Center Park .
Photos by J. Knight .
A sun-drenched park filled with bud , breasts , and beats :
No wonder so many dudes were at Denver 's 4/20 rally at Civic Center Park .
Photos by J. Knight .
Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all - access pass to everything local on events , music , restaurants , news and more .
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage , and to enhance and customize content and advertisements .
By clicking ' X ' or continuing to use the site , you agree to allow cookies to be placed .
To find out more , visit our cookies policy and our privacy policy .
X - Ray photography has had an enormous impact on the quality of health - care that we receive in modern days .
There is no doubt that it makes surgeries for the removal of foreign objects much easier ( in the old days Doctors would have to cut and hope for the best ) .
This list includes 10 of the most unfortunate accidents caught on X - Ray film .
Warning : some images are very disturbing .
10 Foot X - Ray
This is a Chinese woman with bound feet .
You can read more about bound feet on this list .
9 Smoking Gun
Is that a gun in your vagina or are you just happy to see me ?
Actually , that ’s a gun-shaped lighter and a glass crack pipe .
8 Bottle Butt
60 year old man with a bottle up his butt ; it was forcibly inserted by thieves .
7 Nailgun
A rather unfortunate nailgun accident .
6 Butter Knife
This is an eleven year old boy with a butter knife lodged in his head .
5 Army Sergeant
United States Army Sgt.stabbed in the head by an insurgent on the streets of East Baghdad .
4 Carkeys
This is a 17 month old baby that fell on a set of carkeys .
3 Scissors
A pair of scissors caught in a man ’s throat .
I do n’t even want to begin to imagine how they ended up there .
2 Drill Bit
An 18 - inch drill bit pierces a man ’s eye …
1
A dog in North Carolina that swallowed a fork
Astrium has shelved its plans for a suborbital space plane in large part because of the economy , but other ventures are continuing on .
( credit : EADS Astrium )
Can space tourism survive the economic downturn ?
The travel and tourism industry worldwide is suffering : one only has to see the number of great travel deals being offered by airlines and hotels to understand that things are pretty bad .
For the space tourism and private space travel industry , the question may be one of survival .
Space travel by non-governmental individuals is , almost by definition , a luxury service .
In bad economic times luxury goods and services tend to be regarded as dispensable .
So how will the few firms that are actually offering these services survive the downturn ?
To all intents and purposes there are only three companies that are in the business : Space Adventures , Virgin Galactic , and XCOR Aerospace .
The first of these has succeeded in launching six paying customers to the ISS on Russia ’s Soyuz spacecraft .
Their first repeat client , Charles Simonyi , has just arrived on the station for his second visit .
There has been some speculation that this may be the last time a Space Adventures client visits this ISS .
Maybe so , but in spite of the obstacles it is doubtful that Russia will willingly give up such a lucrative source of both revenue and prestige .
So long as the only way for a private individual to get into orbit remains a Russian monopoly , Moscow will likely do everything in its power to keep this business alive .
Virgin Galactic and its supplier , Scaled Composites , have been making considerable progress towards the first test flight of SpaceShipTwo ( SS2 ) in late 2009 , with the first paying customers flying in 2010 .
This schedule may slip , but for the moment there is every reason to think that they can stick to it .
Space tourism offers something more than just thrilling rides to those that can now afford it .
It offers us all a vision of a hopeful future where people can fulfill their dreams and aspirations off this planet as well as on it .
The test flight program for WhiteKnightTwo ( WK2 ) is moving slowly but steadily ahead , and the aircraft ’s performance is living up to expectations .
One important aspect of the program is the alternative uses for WK2 that may be keep the cash flowing even if there are fewer suborbital tourists than initially planned ( see “ Virgin looks beyond space tourism ” , The Space Review , February 9 , 2009 ) .
The uses for the craft for testing UAV components has already been pioneered by Scaled ’s Proteus aircraft and with more and more military UAVs being designed and built , a specialized test platform such as the WK2 will have plenty of work to do .
Further down the road is the possibility of using the aircraft to launch small rockets into orbit , but so far that is mostly speculation .
Richard Branson ’s Virgin empire would seem solid enough to survive the recession and emerge better than ever .
The ruthlessness that they showed in closing down their retail outlets is a sign that they do not intend to let today ’s troubles endanger the long - term health of the empire .
Yet , in uncertain times no one can afford to be too comfortable .
As better times return Branson ’s outfit will be well placed to profit from the resurgence of optimism and relief that will inevitably accompany any new growth .
This will be particularly true in the US where optimism in a built - in fact of cultural life .
Hundreds of Americans flying into space above New Mexico could be a powerful symbol of the emergence of the economy from the slump .
Meanwhile XCOR ’s Lynx project just may be the tortoise to Virgin ’s hare .
The small Mojave - based company is moving steadily ahead towards its first flight sometime next year .
Last December they tested their liquid oxygen / kerosene engine and Rocketship Tours , the firm that will operate the first Lynx , hope to have their first revenue producing flight after 2010 .
With the current climate , marked by envy and resentment , space tourism is an obvious target for those seeking to blame the rich .
However , the NewSpace industry , of which space tourism is only a part , provides hope to millions of people who believe , if only instinctively , that humanity ’s future is connected to its expansion into the solar system .
In the long term , free enterprise and the human desire to build a better future will beat envy and gloom every time .
Space tourism offers something more than just thrilling rides to those that can now afford it .
It offers us all a vision of a hopeful future where people can fulfill their dreams and aspirations off this planet as well as on it .
Home
What makes up our world ?
Dive into this photo - mosaic portrait of the Earth to see it through the eyes of users like you .
It ’s made up of hundreds of photos of the natural world , each submitted by users to My Shot .
( Submit a photo )
Move the yellow square over an area you would like to explore , click , and go .
Double - click on an image to see more information about it .
Keep clicking — and diving deeper into the Infinite Photograph — to get a truly boundless picture of Earth .
Submit a Photo National Geographic ’s mission is to inspire people to care about the planet .
What inspires you ?
Send in your best photos of the natural world .
We ’ll add them to Infinite Photograph — As Seen on Earth .
We are all familiar with the standard advice .
Use strict.pm .
It catches typos .
But have you noticed that most other scripting languages do n't agree with us ?
If you look at JavaScript , PHP , Ruby and Python you will look in vain for any corresponding piece of standard advice that makes variable declarations required .
Why is this ?
My theory is that it is an over - reaction to statically typed languages .
When you come from a world where you are used to typing :
FooBar fooBar = new FooBar ( ) ; [ download ]
over and over again it is easy to overreact to the realization that constantly declaring types gave you no real benefit .
It is more convenient to not declare the types at all , so why not go all of the way and remove the declaration entirely ?
As we all know , the answer is that the answer is that the apparent convenience is misleading .
Required declarations automatically catch a class of real bugs for you .
Not requiring declarations forces eternal vigilance .
As I noted in Re : Avoiding silly programming mistakes , eternal vigilance is a bad thing .
However it seems to me that Perl programmers have less cause to be smug than might appear .
It seems to me that as a culture we have internalized the practice , but not the principle .
Australia ’s leading and biggest specialist veranda installation company
A style to suit every home
Design freedom is central to the versatile Stratco Outback .
The Outback range is designed as a complete system so all of the styles displayed on the following pages can be combined into a format that will suit your home , lifestyle and budget .
Create new exciting activities your kids will love and read a novel for a change !
Remember how you used to love to read for pleasure ?
You ’d spend hours in a well - lit room with a book and at the end of it , you did n’t know a new recipe , have another way to spice things up in the bedroom , or learn how to install blinds .
Instead , you had memories of far away landscapes and intimate relationships with imaginary characters
Ahh , the joy of fiction .
But now , you have kids .
You do n’t have time to read for pleasure– right ?
WRONG !!!
In fact , it ’s more important than EVER that you do WHATEVER brings you joy and pleasure .
You are your child ’s most important influence and , along with any other caregivers , the people she ’s most likely to emulate .
Do n’t you want your child to ENJOY life ?!
Of course you do , so please , take extra time today and every day to take good care of yourself and enjoy your own process of living and growing .
Your homework for this week :
Take good of yourself , give yourself things you enjoy , and become your kids ’ example of how to enjoy your life .
For extra credit , practice taking care of yourself FIRST and inviting your spouse ( or other adults ) and child to be patient and wait for your help .
I know , crazy , huh ?
So , how are you going to go about eking out the , quiet alone time you crave the most ?
Here ’s the secret : Create activities for your kids ahead of time !
Wait a minute , you ’re thinking , did n’t you JUST say I should be taking care of myself first ?
Well , yes , yes I did .
But please let me share what I ’ve learned from being responsible for 12 – 24 three , four and five year olds for 40 hours a week ( of awake time , mind you ) over three school years and from being a nanny for several years .
When the room and activities are well prepared , well organized , and easy to access , kids are more self - sufficient and focused – and I get more time to take care of what ’s on my plate , or just take a break and make myself some tea .
So , when I can think ahead about what kids might need to keep themselves busy learning for half an hour or more , I get whole chunks of time when everybody in the classroom or house is quietly learning , playing , taking care of the environment , or producing new work .
This all really meets my needs for peace , learning , and freedom to do my own thing .
You might be wondering , what could possibly keep my little one engaged for half an hour of independent play ?
Well , here ’s a list of some engaging activities you might offer based on ages .
These activities will benefit your child just as much at home as they would in a classroom setting , as long as you provide the kind of quiet , calm environment that ’s most conducive to learning .
One year old — Large Motor Activity : Putting the ball down the chute —
First find a large cardboard tube .
You can use a wrapping paper tube , but bigger would be better .
Prop the tube up so that one end is about eye level on your child .
Leave the other end in an open area .
Find several balls that fit easily through the tube .
Show your one year old how to put the ball in one end and watch it come out the other end .
They ’ll be delighted and want to repeat the experience again and again .
Now ’s your chance to get back to that novel .
Two year old — Small Motor Activity : Putting things in and taking things out – you can use a box , a bag , or anything with a hole .
Kids this age are fascinated with putting things into other things and taking things out of hidden locations .
Three year old — Practical Life Activity : Pouring– three year olds are often determined to do the things adults can do .
Pouring is an especially challenging and fun activity .
Start with something easy , like beans that are easy to pick up .
Watch to be sure no one ’s eating beans .
When your child can consistently pour without spilling , graduate to rice , and finally to thick and then thin liquids .
Coloring the liquid can re–invigorate interest well into age 4 or 5 .
Four year old — Sorting Activity : Determining differences and similarities is the basis for all science .
Give your little one a head start by encouraging sorting activities .
Try to find items with distinct differences in either shape or color , and graduate to more subtle differences .
Provide a bowl for each group of items ( if color sorting , finding a bowl the same color seems to help ) .
Sorting a bag of mixed beans by type of bean can take an hour– and it ’s ever so satisfying !
Five year old — Scavenger Hunt Activity : Following a list of instructions is wonderful skill to begin to develop with five year olds .
Make a list of clues or instructions .
For pre-readers use picture clues and / or read them aloud .
See how well you can hone in on your child ’s abilities and help them if they get frustrated or lost .
At the end , be sure that the last clue leads your child to something she really enjoys - otherwise scavenger hunts are no fun .
Six year old — Hospitality Activity : Making a tray with drinks or snacks or both for a guest or family .
This one does require supervision especially for the first few times .
But after a while , when their skills and your confidence reach a certain level , children delight in doing these preparations themselves .
I have even seen children in this age group be able to make and serve tea with hot water !
Provide a pitcher , cups , beverage , small bowls , and several snack choices .
Invite your child to ask you or guest their preferences .
Pour liquids on a low surface like a chair for ease .
Place items on a tray and serve .
Provide a towel for spills .
Seven year old — Geography Activity : Laminate a U.S .or world map , and get some stickers .
Create a list of the locations of recent vacations , relatives , locations from stories , or major cities — ask your child to place a sticker at each location .
There is no substitute for your time and attention .
And — your child also can benefit from learning to play independently .
Plus , you need a break .
With the activities above , you can meet all those needs .
I ’d love to hear how these , or your own ideas work .
Please share your thoughts in the box below .
Thanks for being here !
Hugs , Shelly
WASHINGTON , April 14 ( Reuters ) -
As a deep recession strips Americans of their jobs , homes and investments , the 2009 U.S. tax season promises to see a large uptick in first - time delinquent income taxpayers .
“ Our calls are up 280 percent , ” said Richard Boggs , founder and chief executive of Los Angeles - based Nationwide Tax Relief , a firm that helps delinquent taxpayers resolve tax issues .
“ We ’ve seen a huge rise in what we call the rookie delinquent taxpayer , ” he said .
“ They are incredibly scared , and they have no idea what ’s going to happen to them because , God bless them , they ’ve never owed before . ”
As the weak economy puts job security and a steady flow of income on a slippery slope , many are wary of the U.S. tax man , tax consultants say .
With household balance sheets under pressure , more U.S. households are having trouble keeping up with their day - to - day bills and struggling to pay their taxes .
“ Folks are not paying their taxes because they are spending it on necessary living expenses , ” said Kristin Lavieri , an accountant with Weinstein & Anastasio , PC in Hamden , Connecticut .
She added that more of the self - employed , who are required to pay taxes each quarter , are likely to end up with back taxes .
“ When there is not enough money for general operating expenses , there most definitely is n’t going to be enough for quarterly estimates , ” Lavieri said .
Among those not self - employed , many also have to make tough decisions that could carry long - term financial consequences .
Many withdrew funds from 401k and IRA retirement savings accounts before the permitted time , unaware of the punitive taxes and penalties this would generate , said Larry Walker Jr , president of the financial and tax services firm 4 - Serenity Inc in Snellville , Georgia .
Withdrawals from a retirement account before reaching the age of 59.5 are considered taxable income and generally incur an additional tax of 10 percent of the amount .
Other taxpayers did not have enough tax withheld from paychecks .
As a result , they now owe taxes or will not receive the amount of refund they usually do , Walker said .
FEAR , SECRECY CAUSE MORE PROBLEMS
“ If we are seeing a nearly threefold increase in people who have tax problems who have never had tax issues , it shows that things are worse than people think right now , ” Boggs said .
But tax woes are such a taboo issue that over 40 percent of Boggs ’ clients have told him nobody knows about their problems , and that often includes their spouses .
“ When they see a tax bill that they know they ca n’t pay , they freeze up , ” Boggs said .
“ A very innocent procrastination can get you into a lot of hot water with the IRS . ”
The Internal Revenue Service , which collects taxes in the United States , vowed to show its gentler side this year .
“ We recognize the economic realities that are out there , ” IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman told reporters .
“ We ’re available to work with people . ”
Critics are skeptical this will happen .
The agency collects much of the $ 3 trillion that funds the government .
IRS agents were given more flexibility in their collection actions , including the ability to reduce or suspend monthly payments on back taxes so those hit hard by the financial downturn are not forced to default on their tax payments .
But Boggs said IRS policies are adding to the fear Americans feel for the traditionally secretive agency while outdated guidelines make the prospect of collection action scary .
National Taxpayer Advocate Nina Olson , head of an independent organization within the IRS that helps taxpayers , seemed to echo this sentiment in an annual report to Congress .
The report revealed that penalty provisions in the tax code have not been comprehensively reformed since 1989 , and the complexity of the tax code is a serious problem .
An elderly woman in Austin , Texas , who asked not to be named , said her $ 3,000 debt to the IRS grew to around $ 60,000 in taxes and penalties over 16 years despite the fact that she paid off the initial debt within six months .
The 61 - year - old is disabled and suffers from multiple health problems .
The IRS now takes $ 133 each month from her Social Security disability check .
The practice is part of the agency ’s Federal Payment Levy Program , which allows up to 15 percent of any federal payments a delinquent taxpayer receives to go directly to the IRS until their overdue taxes are paid in full .
Olson noted that too often this automated levy system withholds Social Security payments to taxpayers with incomes below the poverty line .
If these cases had been subject to human review , the report says , many would have been classified by the agency as unable to pay .
Some wealthier people are also finding themselves overwhelmed by tax burdens .
“ America ’s top earners are suffering a new one - two punch , ” Boggs said .
“ Not only are America ’s wealthiest suffering the largest losses in nearly a century , but the IRS will be seizing what little resources they do have left in record time , ” he said .
“ Some of my rich clients are having big problems , ” said Lance Wallach , CEO and president of Veba Plan LLC , a financial consultancy firm .
“ Hundreds of them do not have liquid cash to pay bills . ” ( Editing by Alan Elsner )
Nato said it would resume contacts with Russia after its April summit Nato has agreed to resume high - level contacts with Russia , working with what US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called a " greater unity of purpose " .
Russia welcomed the move , six months after Nato froze contacts over the conflict between Russia and Georgia .
Mrs Clinton stressed Afghanistan , which she called " Nato 's biggest military challenge " , was a mutual concern .
She has raised the idea of a conference on the issue , with the participation of " all stakeholders " , including Iran .
" If we move forward with such a meeting , it is expected that Iran would be invited as a neighbour of Afghanistan , " she said .
Today 's visit may be dominated by ... Russia but Afghanistan remains the trickiest subject
Mark Mardell , BBC Europe Editor
Blog : Europe 's Afghan challenge French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said that he hoped Iran would attend such a meeting , but noted that Tehran had failed to attend recent French talks on Afghanistan .
" I hope Iran will be here this time , " said Mr Kouchner .
" We can and must find ways to work constructively with Russia where we share areas of common interest , including helping the people of Afghanistan , " said Mrs Clinton .
Nato remains the central pillar of the trans -Atlantic relationship but it is facing a critical military and political challenge in Afghanistan , where failure could call into question its whole credibility , BBC diplomatic correspondent Jonathan Marcus reports from Brussels .
US foreign policy is now very much a team game and US Vice - President Joe Biden will be in Brussels next Tuesday for a more detailed exchange of views on Afghanistan , our correspondent adds .
' Fresh start '
" We are resuming the talks within the Nato - Russia Council as soon as possible after the summit , " in early April to mark the 60th anniversary of Nato , said Slovak Foreign Minister Miroslav Lajcak .
Pressing the US - Russia reset button A statement from the Russian foreign ministry said : " This decision is a step in the right direction . "
" It 's time to explore a fresh start , " Mrs Clinton said .
On Friday , she will hold talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov .
But UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband told the BBC that it was not " business as usual " with Moscow .
Mr Miliband said the resumption of ties would provide an opportunity to engage with Moscow " in a hardheaded way " .
He said " the invasion of Georgia and continuing infringement of its sovereignty " could not be " swept under the carpet " .
Mrs Clinton added that Nato " should continue to open Nato 's door to European countries such as Georgia and Ukraine and help them meet Nato standards " .
Earlier , Russia 's envoy to Nato defended the war against Georgia and said any new relationship with Nato would be on Moscow 's own terms .
Earlier , Nato Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer said that areas of common interest included Afghanistan , counter - terrorism and non-proliferation .
Some , like Germany and France , had long been pressing for the resumption of ties with Russia , arguing that their suspension has been counter - productive .
' Our terms ' Scheffer welcomed Mrs Clinton to her first Nato meeting Dmitry Rogozin , Russia 's permanent envoy to Nato , predicted an outcome of the Brussels talks " that should , on the whole , satisfy Russia " but made clear he saw Moscow negotiating from a position of strength .
" We came out of the crisis that we had after the August 2008 events [ the war with Georgia ] , the crisis in the South Caucasus , stronger , " he told Russian channel Vesti TV .
" Our Western colleagues saw in Russia a partner that one cannot wipe one 's feet on .
We are strong ... and we are restoring cooperation , including on our terms . "
Nato will , nonetheless , be trying to show that more normal business with Russia does not mean that the alliance is abandoning countries like Georgia and Ukraine , our correspondent says .
Their foreign ministers came to Brussels too .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
it is only illegal if you go to the mail box , or the window like that and if people see you that will be bad ... you could be in big trouble for that ...
but man I know what you mean .. it is the freedom of being yourself
and having no care in the world that counts .. way to go ..
Every environmental movement has its ideas people , and Yu Xiaogang is among the emerging John Muirs of China .
In a modest office , with the lights and heat turned off to conserve electricity , Dr. Yu is warming his hands over a cup of tea .
“ Please excuse the books , ” he says , as he clears a wide - ranging selection of titles , including “ China ’s Natural History , ” “ An Ecological Economy , ” “ Demanding Accountability , ” “ Choices for the Poor , ” and “ Feminist Knowledge , ” from his desk and his visitor ’s chair .
Yu is a former government scientist and today is director of an environmental nonprofit called Green Watershed that he founded in southwestern Yunnan Province .
He is also the architect of what is widely considered the emerging Chinese environmental movement ’s greatest victory to date :
Five years ago , he led a campaign of coordinated green groups to successfully persuade the government to suspend a series of planned dams along China ’s last wild river , the Nu .
Today he is pensive .
With the rising demand for energy in China , a new hydropower boom is under way .
In just one province , Gansu , the number of large dams has gone from three , 20 years ago , to almost 600 today .
Beijing ’s current economic stimulus plan , announced in March , calls for $ 176 billion for infrastructure projects and $ 54 billion for rural public works , both of which include such projects as new dams , highways , and housing .
Yu follows such developments closely .
Leaning forward in his chair , he points to a map unfurled on his desk , noting the planned construction sites he finds most alarming .
“ Some places , unique in the world , may be lost that can never be replaced , ” he says .
“ We can not be against all hydropower , ” he adds , “ but we must have the precondition that projects pass environmental - and social - impact assessments .
We still need to find that middle way . ”
By this he means that dam planners should be required to pay greater attention to the impact of dams on local populations and ensure that adequate measures are taken to provide “ poverty alleviation , local education support , and restoration of livelihoods , ” as he puts it .
According to Yu ’s estimates , in the past 50 years some 40 million people have been resettled as the result of large infrastructure projects in China , about 12 million due to dam construction alone .
About half now live “ in absolute poverty , ” he says .
On paper , China ’s resettlement compensation policies have become more generous in recent years .
But while resettled families are often moved into newly built homes , land allotments are often inadequate to sustain farming .
Villagers receive little help in finding new livelihoods .
Such communities are called “ empty economy towns . ”
A lack of transparency in how compensation funds are distributed encourages corruption , with less money reaching intended recipients .
Yu ’s idea is based upon similar requirements in many countries , including China , for environmental - impact assessments , which evaluate the ecological impacts of dams and other major infrastructure projects before construction begins .
He wants to extend that concept to include the concerns of local communities in China : “ What would the Nu River be without the Nu people ? ”
The Nu are a minority who live only in a small territory alongside the river .
“ With one hand , we hold the environmental - impact assessment , ” he says .
“ With the other hand , we must hold the social - impact assessment . ”
He points out , knowingly , that following his suggestions would reinforce the central government ’s stated goal of maintaining a “ harmonious society . ”
Yu ’s promotion of social - impact assessments is an example of how the emerging environmental movement in China is adapting to the unique circumstances in which it is arising .
“ Successful Chinese [ nongovernmental organizations ] , ” says Linden Ellis of the China Environment Forum at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington , D.C. , “ in stark contract to Western NGOs , make major efforts to support and work with the government , particularly the central government .
“ In the US , ” Ms. Ellis continues , “ the environmental movement really got under way when people started suing the government ; in China , good intentions seem to be still good enough . ”
The Chinese environmental movement today , which has been growing rapidly since the first environmental nonprofits were allowed to legally organize in 1994 , is often compared with the early years of the modern American environmental movement .
But there are key differences .
Major antidam campaigns were a hallmark of the US environmental movement in the 1960s , during a cultural moment when activists in various spheres were organizing to say “ no ” to perceived ills – from racism to sexism to the Vietnam War .
That direct - confrontation approach has never been an option in China .
Rather than rejecting outright the government ’s desire to make hydropower an increasing part of China ’s energy portfolio , Yu wants to ensure that the dams that are built are as environmentally and socially sustainable as possible .
“ In China , we do n’t often have the option of saying ‘ no ’ to development , ” he explains .
“ So we must find ways to make it the best development . ”
He adds that some dams , such as a proposed hydropower project that would span Tiger Leaping Gorge , located within a United Nations - designated World Heritage site , should not be built at all .
Another defining aspect of China ’s environmental movement is that it has always taken people into the equation .
“ There are so many people in China , ” Yu says .
“ There is no place in our country where there is only nature . ”
Wen Bo , a well - known environmentalist in Beijing who is co-director of Pacific Environment ’s China Program , uses the phrase “ ecological justice ” to describe Yu’s approach in “ mobilizing grass - roots activists and empowering dam - affected communities . ”
Yu did not start out as an environmentalist , but as a government scientist .
While working for a ministry in his home province of Yunnan , he became frustrated by his inability to challenge official assumptions .
“ I find that inside the system , you can do only so - called ‘ decisionmaking supporting research , ’ ” he says .
“ That means the government has already made the decision .
You do research to support the decision .
You never do something that changes the decision . ”
His discontent with this mode of thinking led him to found his own environmental nonprofit , Green Watershed , in 2002 .
Since then his work has entailed frequent meetings in both impoverished communities and government offices .
A common theme in his campaigns has been advocating for greater public participation in environmental decisionmaking .
During the successful 2004 campaign against dams along the Nu , he brought villagers threatened with resettlement to visit other communities that had been moved for past infrastructure projects .
When villagers more clearly understood the implications of resettlement , they began to organize in order to articulate their concerns about how their livelihoods and culture would be affected .
That campaign galvanized national public attention , and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao personally intervened to suspend construction of the dams .
Provisions allowing for limited public input to major infrastructure projects were enshrined in 2003 and 2004 laws , but these statutes are still not well understood or used today .
“ Some people do n’t believe their own strength , ” says Yu .
He notes that there are “ not many well - known success stories ” about community organizers to look to for inspiration .
Yet , even when dams ca n’t be stopped , communities may receive better resettlement options if they can make their concerns known in a strategic fashion .
Yu has also been active in promoting his ideas to government officials .
In 2007 , he was invited to give a presentation on social - impact assessments to a training seminar for Communist Party officials .
Later that year , he helped organize a conference in Beijing that brought together environmental officials and green NGO leaders to discuss “ green banking , ” another concept he has been championing .
The idea is that heavily polluting enterprises would be denied loans by state - run banks .
Although penalties are not uniformly enforced , the national environmental ministry has begun to track the pollution violations and loan applications of large enterprises .
For his work on various fronts ,
Yu was recognized with a prestigious international award , the Goldman Environmental Prize , in 2006 .
Today is a particularly tenuous moment for activists of all stripes in China .
Here , limits exist on what advocates can say and the issues around which they may organize .
Monitoring of citizen groups was heightened in the run-up to the Beijing Olympics last summer .
Many observers had expected that there would be more latitude for civil society after the Games concluded , but that has not been the case .
In February , the Yitong law firm , famous for its work defending human rights advocates in China , was preparing to fight a government closure order in court .
“ The government does not feel that this is a good time to relax its control over society and allow freer political discourse , ” says Drew Thompson , director of China Studies and Starr Senior Fellow at the Nixon Center in Washington , D.C.
“ The potential social dislocations caused by the global financial crisis will also lead the government to act conservatively and prevent any grass - roots movement from challenging the party ’s authority . ”
For his part ,
Yu says his emphasis is less ideological than it is pragmatic .
A scientist by training , he says , “ I am asking : ‘ Is this data accurate ?
Are these promises enforceable ? ’ ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The murder of two soldiers as they accepted a pizza delivery was an act of " extreme brutality " , MPs have heard .
Sappers Mark Quinsey , 23 , from Birmingham and Patrick Azimkar , 21 , from London , were shot dead at Massereene Army base , Antrim .
The Northern Ireland Secretary told the House of Commons the attack , which the Real IRA have said they carried out , was an " attempt at mass murder " .
" More than 60 shots were fired , " Shaun Woodward said .
Four other people , including two pizza delivery men , were injured .
He said that the " so - called Real IRA claimed responsibility for this act of extreme brutality " .
" Whatever self - styled name these murderers choose to use , the House will correctly recognise them as barbaric criminals , who are prepared to carry out an act of pre-meditated mass murder , " he said .
Dead comrades remembered " Callously murdering innocent people going about their daily business , they are simply brutal and cowardly killers . "
Mr Woodward also told the MPs that the level of threat from dissident republicans had , last week , been raised by the security services from substantial to severe .
He said this was based on a threat which " has recently been higher than at any time in the last six years " .
Since 2008 , he said , dissident republicans mounted 18 attacks - 15 during 2008 and three in 2009 .
Whatever self - styled name these murderers choose to use , the House will correctly recognise them as barbaric criminals , who are prepared to carry out an act of pre-meditated mass murder
Northern Ireland Secretary Sean Woodward Police hunting the killers of the two young soldiers are examining CCTV footage from the area .
Detective Chief Superintendent Derek Williamson said " some of the events " had been caught on camera and that a car found about seven miles from the base was the getaway vehicle .
The green Vauxhall Cavalier TDZ 7309 was found in Randalstown and had been bought two weeks ago , he said .
The Army 's bomb experts are examining the car as a precautionary measure and it will then be examined for clues by forensic officers .
" We have some information about its history , but we need to find out more about its movements on Saturday night and in the past two weeks , " Det Ch Supt Williamson told a news conference at the barracks .
" We need to know where it 's been , who was in it , and where they are now .
" This is an important line of enquiry and we need people to come forward . "
The Army commander in Northern Ireland said the two men had been " magnificent individuals " .
Brigadier George Norton said the men had been killed in a " callous and clinical " attack .
He rejected concerns that guards had not opened fire at the gunmen .
" Are you suggesting that people should have fired into a closely packed group , including my soldiers ? " he told a press conference .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown visited the base and met NI political leaders on Monday .
He said the peace process was " unshakeable " .
Are you suggesting that people should have fired into a closely packed group , including my soldiers ?
Brigadier George Norton
" What I 've seen this morning is the unity of the people of Northern Ireland , and the unity of the political parties , " he said .
" That they are going to continue to work together and they want to send out a message to the world - as I do - that the political process will not and never be shaken .
" In fact , the political process is now unshakeable . "
There has been condemnation of the attack from all the Northern Ireland political parties .
Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams said the murders were " an attack on the peace process " and Northern Ireland 's First Minister Peter Robinson described the killings " a futile act and a terrible waste " .
" The events of Saturday evening were a throwback to a previous era .
We must never return to such terrible days , " he said .
Four other people , including two pizza delivery men - Anthony Watson , 19 , from Antrim and a Polish man in his 30s - were injured in Saturday 's attack .
One of the delivery men is in a serious condition in hospital .
It is understood the others are in a stable condition .
The rest of 38 Engineer Regiment has now left the base and gone to Afghanistan .
The two young soldiers were the first to be murdered in Northern Ireland in 12 years .
Lance Bombardier Stephen Restorick was killed by an IRA sniper in 1997 .
HOW THE ATTACKS UNFOLDED SATURDAY 7 MARCH :
1. Soldiers order pizza from delivery shop in Antrim .
Two cars leave shop at about 2120 GMT
2 . Four soldiers collect pizza from main gate at Massereene Barracks .
As they do , two gunmen open fire from a nearby car .
Two soldiers - Mark Quinsey , 23 , and Patrick Azimkar , 21 - are killed , four people seriously injured including the pizza delivery men
3. Vauxhall Cavalier which police believe the gunmen to have used recovered in Ranaghan Road , nr Randalstown
How the barracks attack unfolded Send us your comments
Return to the top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan 
The video shows a young woman held face down as a Taliban commander whips her repeatedly with a leather strap .
“ Leave me for the moment  you can beat me again later , ” she screams , pleading for a reprieve and writhing in pain .
Paying no heed , the commander orders those holding her to tighten their grip and continues the public flogging .
A large group of men quietly stands and watches in a circle around her .
The woman in the video is a 17 - year - old resident of Kabal , in the restive Swat region in northwestern Pakistan .
The images , which have been broadcast repeatedly by private television news networks in Pakistan , have caused outrage here and set off bitter condemnation by rights activists and politicians .
They have also raised questions once again about the government ’s decision to enter into a peace deal in February that effectively ceded Swat to the Taliban and allowed them to impose Islamic law .
You are here : Home / Advocacy
1 World ’s Biggest Dog
Say hello to this gargantuan specimen named Hercules , purportedly the Guinness Record holder for World ’s Biggest Dog. Hercules is an English Mastiff and has a 38 inch neck and weighs 282 pounds .
With “ paws the size of softballs ” , the three - year - old monster is far larger and heavier than his breed ’s standard 200 lb.
limit .
Hercules owner Mr. Flynn says that Hercules weight is natural and not induced by a bizarre diet : “ I fed him normal food and he just grew , and grew , and grew ” .
2 World ’s Biggest Horse
Radar , a Belgian draught horse , is the World ’s Tallest Living Horse .
This huge horse , at 6ft 71 / 2in from hoof to shoulder , is from Mount Pleasant , Texas .
At 2,400lb , he has a giant appetite to match , putting away 20 gallons of water a day and 18lb of grain .
3 World ’s Biggest Cow
As big as a small elephant , Big Cow Chilli and he ’s described as a gentle giant .
Chilli the giant bullock stands at 6ft 6ins and weighs well over a ton .
Despite his grand stature , Chilli only grazes on grass during the day and enjoys the occasional swede as a treat .
4 World ’s Biggest Pig
The Liaoning Provincial Agricultural Museum is appealing to the Guinness Book of Records to recognise a 900 kg ( 1984 pounds ) pig which died on February 5 as the biggest pig ever .
When the pig died it was 2.5 metres long , had a waistline of 2.23 metres and a tusk of 14.4 centimetres long .
According to XU Changjin , a farmer of Wafangdian city , the pig was only 5 years old .
He kept his pig in a good built sty and gave it quality food all its life .
5 World ’s Biggest Catfish
At 646LB this Mekong Giant Catfish is the largest freshwater fish in the world .
With nearly nine feet long ( 2.7 meters ) and as big as a grizzly bear , this huge catfish caught in northern Thailand may be the largest freshwater fish ever recorded .
Although there are many claims and rumours about the world ’s largest freshwater specimens , especially from misguided anglers .
However , in the eyes of scientist ’s the Mekong Giant Catfish has taken pole position with the recorded capture of this huge 646LB specimen by local fishermen in 2005 .
Many anglers over look the fact that some larger fish that can be caught in the worlds rivers , such as Sturgeon , migrate between river and sea , and therefore not considered to be freshwater species in the true sense of the word .
6 World ’s Tallest Dog
Hercules might be the biggest dog in the world , but the tallest according to the Guinness World Records is Gibson , a Harlequin Great Dane , who is 42.2 inches .
The 170 - pound Dane is more than 7 feet tall , taller than most NBA basketball players .
7 World ’s Biggest Cat
Jungle Island in Miami is home to a liger ( a hybrid cross between a male lion and a female tiger ) named Hercules , the largest non -obese liger .
The liger is recognized by the Guiness Book of World Records as the largest cat on Earth , weighing in at 900 lbs .
8 World ’s Biggest Stingray ever caught
It took 90 minutes to land , 13 men to heave it out of the water … and weighed 55 stone when they finally got it to the scales .
So it ’s little wonder that when Ian Welch first hooked the record stingray , it almost pulled him into the river .
The angler , from Aldershot , Hampshire , was fishing in Thailand when he landed the ray , which is the biggest freshwater fish to be caught with a rod , with over 7ft long and wide , with a tail of 10ft .
9 World ’s Biggest Shark ever caught
More likely to eat than be eaten , this giant whale shark was caught off the coast of China by hardcore fishermen who managed to harness the ten - metre , eight - tonne whopper .
Whale sharks are the world ’s largest living fish , it is estimated that they can reach an 18 metre length .
They live in warm water along the coast and open seas and spend most of their time near the surface .
About The Author D’Argo Smith aka THENUMBERTOO is a Digital Illustrator , Hyper Blogger and musician .
He has been doing web and graphic work professionally for 7 years .
You … More about D'Argo Smith …
20 Talented and Impressive Illustrators
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
collaboration between art and design where the practicality is the designated , artistic measure and process , so what looks good , feels good and works well .
40 talented and impressive illustrators – their work is inspiring , creative , original and beautiful and as such perfect for a lousy saturday evening .
A lot of what is seen on TV commercials , catalogues flyers , posters , banners and internet advertisments are made by someone in the world of design or commissioned by someone in the world of art .
As time passes , the distinction between artist and designer has been blurred beyond recognition .
Now , in times of instant press and release , inspiration from great artistic measures and processes are the influence and is just as important as functionality .
When we see companies like Apple and RIM , we see awhere the practicality is the designated , artistic measure and process , so what looks good , feels good and works well .
Below is done in the same sight , literally where the eyes are encouraged to explore , stimulating inspiration and aspirational ambition .
Below we present– their work is inspiring , creative , original and beautiful and as such perfect for a lousy saturday evening .
A lot of what is seen on TV commercials , catalogues flyers , posters , banners and internet advertisments are made by someone in the world of design or commissioned by someone in the world of art .
As time passes , the distinction between artist and designer has been blurred beyond recognition .
Now , in times of instant press and release , inspiration from great artistic measures and processes are the influence and is just as important as functionality .
When we see companies like Apple and RIM , we see a collaboration between art and design where the practicality is the designated , artistic measure and process , so what looks good , feels good and works well .
You may also want to check out the following Smashing Magazine articles :
The works below are done in the same spirit ; literally where the eyes are encouraged to explore , stimulating inspiration and aspirational ambition .
Below we present 40 talented and impressive illustrators – their work is inspiring , creative , original and beautiful and as such perfect for a lousy saturday evening .
The Beauty Of Illustration
James White James
White is one of the more sought after artists today .
His retro fitted style is pushed where some designers and artists wo n’t dare travel .
You can check some of these and more at his site .
DecoGrunge DecoGrunge can’t be described .
There is a photomanipulated , intense lighting effects and a celestial base to a lot of this artist ’s work .
a page that should be checked .
Spewing and shlacking old print , high - res objects and clouds are not the only thing that keeps this graphic designer on his feet .
Like the rest this is about attention to detail in effects designers and artists use in respective mediums .
Posters , album covers , you name it and it can be done .
Samuel Green Samuel has a very interesting and peculiar take on art and design , with his take on expression and execution .
His random display of works are what drive his presense .
His choices to display what he has andwith what message he is trying to say it is even more mysterious .
Karol Kolodzinski
Making advertisment for the likes of Coke and other high level companies , Karol has a sense of style in her lighting choices that emphasizes her ideas to maximum capacity .
sauco - m
Some of the pieces look as though they are inspired by marilyn manson like the one below .
Check his DeviantART page for more of the strange .
Jesar From DeviantArt Jesar is a graphic artist and art director that who can merge the chesstry of art and design .
Make sure you check his gallery for more beautiful and original works .
veni vidi vince
From death to dying to wishing you were dead , comes big Vince aka veni vidi vince .
“ VVV ” has some of the most detail oriented works , which is what makes a lot of even the most gross looking pieces come to life .
You can check his portfolio .
Genar De Sio Coppola Genar
De Sio Coppola has a vector approach with a high bright color effect that can be seen in a lot of the top adverts and exhibitions to date .
Check the site for more work .
Monk - Art Monk ART is a character designer and comic artist , who uses some of the more full harvested color combinations that make his style just who is as an artist .
Some of what you see in the piece below , embodies everything that he has done in his career .
AXLBOX is an era mashup , photomanipulator , who seems to understand the mix of rugged and smooth concepts , which is the theme for a lot of what is done throughout his years as a photographer and art director .
Peter Jaworowski Peter Jaworowski is an innovative graphic designer that has a nack for bringing something almost unthought of to the table .
His usage of lighting and the below water and ink effects that has been pushing is something to be inspired by .
Peter “ J ” is wild in presentation to his clients and on his commissions as art director .
His attention the detail in effects make different than the “ No Pattern ” look that people are taking a trend hop for .
I think a lot of what he has to offer is in his passion for what he can do in his attention to that peculiar detail .
Peter Harrison Peter Harrison is one of those of artists that seems to take the essence of something and makes something else .
A lot of hip hop is inspired by this kind of artistic treatment .
When you check the site , you will leave inspired and take something from it as well .
I find a lot of what different approaches to light and effects in post production work the meat of what inspires most .
This is no exception .
Pete Harrison has some minute attention to detail that shows just what a few simple shapes and brushes and selections can do for his work .
Alexandra Zaharova & Ilia Plotnikov Alexandra Zaharova and Ilia Plotnikov are collaborators for a lot of branding and advertising sectors for high level design and artistic themes that suggests that they know what they are doing .
Make sure you check the site for more .
Mark Newman Mark Newman has a huge following on deviantart .
His work varies from piece to piece , but he has his own twist to classic examples of mythological and comic infused characters like the below medusa piece .
Marta Dhalig Marta
Dhalig has to be one of the hardest working digital painters to grace the pages of imaginFX magazine , she is well groomed in form , anatomy , composition and lighting .
Some of her works pop out and create the kind of vision that you would see in traditional master paintings .
you can see more at her page .
Mike Campau
From green messages to advertisements , Mike Campau has a diversified depiction of some of his creative luster at his site .
Axl Box
yohan2
Yohan aka ciaran brennan is a mixed media artist is multli faceted in his approach to what he does .
Some of his works range from caricatures to pieces like this very creepy doll below .
Chelsea Lewyta ( blog )
Talk about some strange incentives .
A business is clamoring for the state to tax their services , and the budget - constrained state turns them down :
Nevada , suffering from a $ 3 billion budget crisis , passed on a chance to raise at least $ 2 million a year .
Yesterday , lawmakers said “ No Thanks ” to a $ 5 , er , service tax , for duties performed by the state ’s few legalized brothels .
…
The tax created an eclectic opposition : Religious conservatives and feminists , Republicans and Democrats .
It also made for strange , tip - toed responses .
Sen. Terry Care ( D - Las Vegas ) said , “ [t ] here is an implication there that the business takes a toll , at least on some women ” [ Italics added ] .
Sen . Mike McGinness , ( R - Fallon ) said he voted “ nay ” because he does n’t believe in taxing services .
For Sen. Maggie Carlton ( D - Las Vegas ) voting for the tax could have sent the wrong message to parents and daughters .
So brothels want legitimacy , and legislators are either moralists , or too afraid to pop their cherry .
• Joint operation by French and Spanish police • Eta may be considering return to peace talks
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Police in France have captured the suspected military leader of the armed Basque separatist group Eta , Jurdan Martitegi .
The move dealt a further blow to the group , which is reported to be considering a return to peace talks .
The arrest of 28 - year - old Martitegi in Perpignan , south - western France , came only four months after he allegedly took over responsibility for Eta 's campaign of bomb and pistol attacks in Spain .
He was detained along with two other Eta members , and his arrest was considered further proof of the group 's decline during the last two years .
He was the fourth alleged military leader of Eta to have been captured over the past year .
Martitegi was arrested after a joint operation by Spanish and French police , who tailed another alleged Eta member from his home in Spain to a meeting with the group 's military leader in Perpignan .
The arrests in France triggered a police operation in northern Spain which saw six more people detained yesterday and early this morning .
Eta 's previous military leader , Aitzol Iriondo , was arrested in France in December , and Iriondo 's predecessor , Garikoitz Apiazu , was caught only three weeks before that .
Another military leader , Javier López Peña , was arrested last May .
The group 's military leaders are nominally in charge of running the group 's armed units and organising bomb and pistol attacks .
Their weight in Eta 's political structure , which decides on strategy , has varied considerably over the four decades of its history .
The four military leaders captured over the last year are believed to have led a hardline faction within the group that was responsible for calling off the last ceasefire .
That decision ended months of secret negotiations with the socialist government of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , the Spanish prime minister , over an end to Eta 's violence .
Analysts speculated that the arrest of Martitegi , which followed the detention last week of an Eta member caught in an armoury in the southern French town of Mézières - en - Brenne , would shift power within Eta away from the hardliners .
Eta prisoners in Spanish jails have been increasingly critical of the current leadership in recent years .
Some have called for a negotiated end to what has become a largely ineffectual terrorist campaign .
The arrests coincided with a report in El País newspaper that Josu Urrutikoetxea , a veteran Eta member thought to be in favour of a return to peace talks , may have recently returned to the group 's political leadership .
Urrutikoetxea , alias Josu Ternera , was reportedly one of the negotiators who took part in talks with government representatives during the ceasefire .
Zapatero's government , having been caught out by Eta 's previous return to violence , is now less inclined to talk .
During the last ceasefire , the government was ready to discuss the future of Eta prisoners now in Spanish jails , but was unwilling to concede to any of Eta 's political demands .
Zapatero's socialists are poised to take control of the Basque regional government , which has been in the hands of moderate Basque nationalists for the past 29 years , in the next few weeks .
The new regional government comes after the March elections in the Basque country which saw the nationalists lose their grip on power .
Parties deemed to be fronts for Eta , which usually win at least 10 % of the Basque vote , were banned from those elections , meaning they no longer have any say in how Spain 's northern Basque country is governed .
A definitive end to Eta 's violence would see those bans dropped .
Eta last week contacted the Basque newspaper Gara saying it would make the new regional government ‑ which is due to be led by socialist Patxi López ‑ one of its priority targets .
Many digital photos are now geotagged – stamped with the latitude and longitude coordinates for the location where they were taken .
David Crandall and colleagues at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , have analysed this data , using 35 million photographs uploaded to the Flickr website .
Crandall 's team found that the data offered a simple way to organise millions of photos on a global scale .
Simply plotting that raw data onto an empty canvas revealed accurate maps , like this one of the 48 lower states of the US .
( Image : David Crandall )
Each map is constructed from a small subset of images .
The team limited the number of photos they analysed from each Flickr user , to be sure a cluster on the map represented many users visiting a location and not " a single user taking thousands of pictures of his or her backyard " , says Crandall .
( Image : David Crandall )
The enormous dataset provides a global picture of " what the world is paying attention to " , the researchers say .
They ran statistical analyses to identify the largest clusters on each map .
Next , they checked the text tags added to photographs in those clusters - as well as key visual features from each image - to automatically identify the world 's most interesting tourist sites .
( Image : David Crandall ) Advertisement
The approach can also produce accurate city maps .
The River Thames is clearly visible snaking from bottom left to top right in this image .
London contains four of the seven most photographed landmarks in the world , according to Flickr : Trafalgar Square , the Tate Modern art gallery , Big Ben and the London Eye .
( Image : David Crandall )
Brazilian Butt Lift ( BBL ) - Technique , Costs , Recovery , FAQS & Surgeons
The brazilian butt lift ( BBL ) is a surgical procedure that was developed to add volume to the buttocks while simultaneously giving them a tighter , more lifted appearance .
It ’s a procedure that ’s completely natural , using the body ’s own fat to create a more sculpted , better proportioned physique .
BBL is used to create a shapelier appearance , removing fat from areas of the body that need less of it and adding it to the buttocks , precisely where it ’s needed most .
Diet and exercise do n’t always lead to perfect proportions .
To get more voluptuous curves in all the right places , surgery is often necessary .
Watch Dr. Cortes perform a Live BBL Surgery
Brazilian Butt Lift Surgery - The Process step 1 : Excess fat is extracted with Liposuction Fat transfer is used to perform the brazilian butt lift surgery .
According to Dr. Soto Liposuction Omaha expert ,
The procedure is a multi-stage process that begins with liposuction to remove fat cells from the abdomen , back , inner thighs , or some other area of the body that needs less volume .
During this stage of the fat transfer procedure , surgeons carefully sculpt the body to create a slimming effect in areas that need less fat .
Creating symmetry is an important goal during this stage .
Doctors may harvest fat from more than one area of the body to create the most pleasing contours and to achieve a balanced appearance .
The fat cells that have been removed are then processed using a special proprietary method that will help them survive the next stage of the procedure : transplantation .
step 2 : The fat is purified
Fat cells that are removed from one part of the body are purified and fortified using a special procedure before being transferred to the buttocks .
This stage of the procedure is essential in helping the fat cells survive the transfer to their new location .
step 3 : Fat cells are injected
After the fat cells have been removed from one area of the body and processed for transplantation , the surgeon then uses a small cannula to insert the fat cells into the buttocks .
Typically , this procedure is done without general anesthesia , which makes the surgery much safer and more comfortable for patients .
Instead patients are given a local anesthetic and sedation to make them comfortable .
There are few or no stitches required .
Patients can return to work within 7 to 10 days , but they wo n’t be able to sit directly on their buttocks for about 3 weeks .
Fat Transfer Pricing Information
The cost of a brazilian butt lift will vary based on a number of factors including the city where the procedure is performed , how many areas of the body are treated with liposuction , the type of liposuction performed to remove the fat , the expertise of the surgeon , and whether the surgery is scheduled to take place in a clinic or a hospital .
Surgical skill is a vitally important factor to consider when searching for a BBL surgeon because fat transfer is a procedure that takes experience and expertise in order for it to be successful .
Certain aspects of a brazilian butt lift are fixed fees such as operating room costs and the surgeon ’s fees .
Surgeons in bigger cities may charge more than surgeons in less populated areas , but often surgeon ’s fees are fixed based on their location and the demand for brazilian butt lifts in their area .
Other surgical factors add to the cost , such as the volume of fat to be removed , the number of areas of the body to be treated with liposuction , and the type and amount of anesthesia to be used .
Since these surgical conditions are patient - dependent , they can only be determined following an initial consultation with a brazilian butt lift Surgeon .
Most patients can expect to pay between $ 7500 and $ 20,000 for the procedure .
Watch Dr. Cole ( Atlanta Liposuction ) perform a Brazilian Butt Lift Surgery
Which Lipo technique is the best for Fat Transfer ?
Laser - assisted machines or Ultrasound assisted devices will damage the fat cells - leaving the fat unsuited for a later transfer to other parts of the body such as the breasts or buttocks .
That is why doctors prefer not to use SmartLipo or a similar fat cell disruptive technique for fat transfers .
To extract fat without destroying it , some specialists opt for gentle techniques such as WaterLipo .
Water Liposuction injects a stream to dislodge gently the fat , leaving most of the harvested cells intact .
The fat can be later processed ( purified ) for a reinjection in other body parts that want to be enhanced in volume .
Water Lipo is more suited for Fat Transfer than LAL ( Laser Assisted Lipo ) .
Finally , some doctors perform fat grafting using the standard tumescent liposuction , as they prefer to not infiltrate the cells with water and rather use the saline tumescent solution .
The size of the cannula and the opening also play a factor , larger bore cannulas minimize the risk of cell damage .
WaterLipo is used to gently harvest fat
Are You a Brazilian Butt Lift Candidate ?
The best candidates for a brazilian butt lift are non-smoking patients who are in good general health .
Fat transfer requires the body ’s ability to generate a healthy blood supply to the newly implanted fat cells so excellent health is important .
The ideal patient would have at least 15 to 20 pounds of excess fat on their bodies that can be used for transfer to the buttocks .
Candidates for a Buttocks Fat Transfer
A patient ’s overall weight and the location of fat on their bodies is an important determining factor in terms of brazilian butt lift candidacy .
The fat must be distributed on the body in locations that are accessible to the surgeon using liposuction .
For example , fat in the abdomen is only accessible if it ’s located on top of the abdominal muscles .
Fat that ’s located around the organs and under the abdominal muscles cannot be used for a BBL .
brazilian butt lift ( more before and after pictures Often 6 to 7 liters of fat will be removed from the body using liposuction , but only 1.5 to 2.0 liters will be usable for transfer to the buttocks .
It ’s important for the surgeon to be able to harvest plenty of fat cells for purification because much of the fat wo n’t be transferrable .
So patients must have some excess fat on their bodies in order for the procedure to be a success .
Patients who are underweight may be advised to gain weight in order to become a good candidate for the procedure .
Good candidates should also have realistic expectations about the procedure and the ability to properly care for themselves for an adequate period of time following their surgery .
Brazilian Butt Lift Recovery Guidelines
During the recovery the body can absorb between 20 % to 50 % of the fat ( ISAPS After a BBL surgery , patients should be prepared to properly care for themselves and the newly transferred fat cells in order to achieve the best outcomes from the procedure .
The surgery itself could take between 2 and 6 hours depending on the amount of fat to be harvested and the number of areas on the body to be treated .
Some doctors may keep patients overnight for observation following the procedure .
On the first night after you ’re dismissed from the hospital , it would be best to ask a friend of loved - one to help you out around the house .
How well a patient takes care of themselves following a brazilian butt lift procedure will often determine whether fat cells successfully develop an adequate blood supply and survive or not .
Patients should plan ahead for their brazilian butt lift recovery to ensure that they get the very best results from their procedure .
Below are some general guidelines to follow during recovery from a brazilian butt lift .
Follow your doctor ’s instructions .
Your doctor will give you some general as well as some specific instructions to follow during recovery .
Follow these instructions exactly .
Your doctor will give you some general as well as some specific instructions to follow during recovery .
Follow these instructions exactly .
Take medications as scheduled .
You will likely receive both pain medication and antibiotics to prevent the development of an infection during the recovery period .
Take these medications religiously .
Set a reminder on your smartphone or some other device to help you remember to take your meds religiously and on the proper schedule .
Avoiding infection will speed up recovery and help you achieve the best results possible from your procedure .
You will likely receive both pain medication and antibiotics to prevent the development of an infection during the recovery period .
Take these medications religiously .
Set a reminder on your smartphone or some other device to help you remember to take your meds religiously and on the proper schedule .
Avoiding infection will and help you achieve the best results possible from your procedure .
Wear compression garments as prescribed .
Your doctor will likely give you compression garments to wear as your body heals from the liposuction .
These compression garments will help your skin heal properly to give you the smoothest , most natural - looking results .
Wear the garments as your doctor instructs you to do .
Wait for his permission to stop wearing them .
Your doctor will likely give you compression garments to wear as your body heals from the liposuction .
These compression garments will help your skin heal properly to give you the smoothest , most natural - looking results .
Wear the garments as your doctor instructs you to do .
Wait for his permission to stop wearing them .
Do not sit directly for at least 3 weeks .
Patients are advised not to sit directly on the freshly transferred fat cells for at least 3 weeks .
It ’s best to plan ahead for this facet of the recovery process and make sure that you have furnishings and an appropriate space to keep weight off your buttocks .
Most patients sleep on their stomachs or their sides to keep weight off their buttocks .
Your doctor may also provide you with a special inflatable pillow to use occasionally during the recovery process .
Patients are advised on the freshly transferred fat cells for at least 3 weeks .
It ’s best to plan ahead for this facet of the recovery process and make sure that you have furnishings and an appropriate space to keep weight off your buttocks .
Most patients sleep on their stomachs or their sides to keep weight off their buttocks .
Your doctor may also provide you with a special inflatable pillow to use occasionally during the recovery process .
Avoid strenuous exercise for at least a month .
Your doctor will advise you about when you can return to your normal workout schedule .
Light exercise is often advised for patients after a brazilian butt lift procedure , but in light doses at first , graduating to more and more exercise over time .
Talk with your doctor and get permission to increase your exercise during recovery
Your doctor will advise you about when you can return to your normal workout schedule .
Light exercise is often advised for patients after a brazilian butt lift procedure , but in light doses at first , graduating to more and more exercise over time .
Talk with your doctor and get permission to increase your exercise during recovery Eat healthy food .
Eat plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables as you recover from the brazilian butt lift .
By eating healthy , nutritious food , you increase the odds that new fat cells will survive transplantation .
You may need help preparing food during the recovery process .
Plan ahead to make sure you can have nutritious meals during the initial stages of recovery .
Eat plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables as you recover from the brazilian butt lift .
By eating healthy , nutritious food , you increase the odds that will survive transplantation .
You may need help preparing food during the recovery process .
Plan ahead to make sure you can have nutritious meals during the initial stages of recovery .
Drink plenty of water .
After surgery , your body will need to detox so it will need lots of water .
By drinking plenty of water , you can also help your body build up the necessary blood supply to feed newly transferred fat cells .
After surgery , your body will need to detox so it will need lots of water .
By drinking plenty of water , you can also help your body build up the necessary blood supply to feed newly transferred fat cells .
Do n’t smoke .
Smoking decreases circulation and the new fat cells need a solid blood supply to survive .
So avoid cigarettes during recovery .
Smoking decreases circulation and the new fat cells need a solid blood supply to survive .
So avoid cigarettes during recovery .
Avoid alcohol .
Alcohol can dehydrate the body , but during recovery you need to stay hydrated to help build a new blood supply to transferred blood cells .
Italy 's metalworkers : Prosecute Israeli war crimes , suspend EU - Israel agreement
Federazione Impiegati Operai Metallurgici nazionale ( FIOM ) , the largest metalworkers ' union in Italy , whose membership numbers 360,000 , called for prosecution of Israeli officials for war crimes and suspension of the EU - Israel Association Agreement , as well as of the military cooperation agreement between Italy and Israel .
The following is FIOM 's January 13 2009 statement on Gaza , published on the union 's web site .
Federazione Impiegati Operai Metallurgici nazionale , Corso Trieste , 36 - 00198 Roma , tel .
+39 06 85262341 -2 fax +39 06 85303079 , http://www.fiom.cgil.it/, email : protocollo@fiom.cgil.it .
COMITATO CENTRALE F.I.O.M.
13 gennaio 2009
GAZA
For nearly two years the Gaza Strip has been subjected to what can only be described as a state of siege by Israel , with interruption of electricity , lack of heating , scarcity of drinking water , a healthcare emergency and no freedom of movement for persons or goods .
UN Observers have repeatedly denounced the condition of the inhabitants of Gaza as inhumane , in violation of all international conventions on human rights .
Thus , it appears a kind of " collective punishment " has been imposed on all Palestinians because of the vote expressed in the democratic elections two years ago , with a Hamas victory .
For FIOM , the negative political evaluation of this organisation is not up for discussion and we reiterate our choice to support the formation of an independent , secular and democratic Palestinian state living in peace and mutual security with that of Israel .
What we denounce is the international community 's tolerance and , in fact , support of the mistaken choice of the siege , which contributed to the strengthening of the fundamentalist forces and armed groups of all types , rather than their isolation .
The launch of Kassam rockets on Israel is also the result of this situation .
This rocket fire is wrong and illegal , because it hurts Israeli civilians .
It is harmful to the Palestinian cause itself .
And it is used to create consensus in the Israeli population on the offensive against the people of Gaza .
The Israeli army began its attack on Gaza on December 27 , 2008 , with a substantial deployment of forces , followed by a land invasion and use of white phosphorus on the civilian population , which is banned by international conventions , causing a true massacre , and committing intolerable war crimes for any democratic conscience .
Israel has gone so far as to attempt to hide what is happening , preventing international observers and journalists from entering Gaza .
Those responsible for these crimes must be prosecuted and judged by the relevant international institutions .
The Israeli government should be held accountable for its repeated violations of international law , including humanitarian law , by national governments , the European Union , the international community , just as violations committed by any other government would be .
In particular , the EU - Israel Association Agreement , whose application is bound to respect of human rights , should be immediately suspended ; the Italian government , which , unlike other European governments , has characterised itself in a negative light by the complete subordination and support of political choices of the Israeli government , must suspend the Military Cooperation Agreement of Italy with Israel , a belligerent country that violates international law and human rights .
In denouncing this situation , the FIOM Central Committee believes it necessary to immediately ensure that all political forces , the government , European and international institutions work for :
An immediate , general and permanent ceasefire ;
Humanitarian protection of the civilian population of Gaza ;
An end to the invasion of Gaza and withdrawal of Israeli troops ; - Cessation of missile fire on Israel ;
An end to the siege and embargo of Gaza ;
Concrete steps to achieve a rapid end to the occupation of Palestinian territories .
These conditions can promote the opening of a negotiated peace -- based on the resolutions of the United Nations -- which includes all stakeholders , beginning with the legitimate institution of the PNA , and finding ways to include Hamas as a democratically elected representative .
The FIOM Central Committee condemns all initiatives of an anti-Semitic nature and those that deny the right of the State of Israel to exist .
We judge negatively all anti-Arab or anti-Muslim expressions .
We express our solidarity to Palestinian people and our support to that brave minority inside Israeli civil society that is fighting against the occupation , against the Gaza siege and the current massacre .
We commit ourselves to supporting the above - mentioned objectives and in participating in all the activities that focus on them .
On the 17th of January , different groups and coalitions called for two separate demonstrations for the ceasefire in Gaza .
Although we think these simultaneous demonstration inopportune , we believe that it is essential that the two initiatives not to be in contrast , because in both cases the demonstrations are in solidarity with Palestinian people and to stop the massacre .
Therefore , FIOM , in addition to participating in the demonstration in Assisi , called by Tavola della Pace , that engages the whole of CGIL , will also be present with a delegation at the demonstration in Rome , called by the Palestinian community .
* * *
Maritime Union of Australia , Western Australian monthly branch meeting , January 27 , 2009
Resolutions passed regarding the Gaza war
1. This delegates ' meeting of the WA branch of the MUA [ hereafter this meeting ] calls on the Rudd government to denounce the latest Israeli aggression against Gaza , and to cut all economic , diplomatic , cultural and political ties with the Israeli state until this aggression and the Israeli siege of Gaza ends .
2 . This meeting gives full its organisatonal and financial support to the protest movement in Australia against the Israeli aggression .
In particular the WA branch of the MUA will inform its membership of the Friends of Palestine WA rally taking place this Saturday ( January 31 , 2009 ) at midday in Forrest Place , [ Perth ] and provide a speaker , preferably Secretary Chris Cain .
3 . We also call on the Australian Council of Trade Unions and Unions WA to give full organisational and financial support to the protest movement in Australia against the Israeli aggression .
In particular we call on Unions WA to give full organisational and financial support to the action initiated by Friends of Palestine WA which will be happening at midday in Forrest Place on Saturday January 31st .
4.We will participate fully in the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ( BDS ) campaign when it is initiated and support actions related thereof when they are called by either Friends of Palestine WA or other interested parties ( including other trade unions ) .
We call on the ACTU and Unions WA to join us in supporting the BDS campaign and specific actions related thereof .
5 . In furtherance of resolution 4 , this meeting recommends State Conference adopt a position of boycotting all Israeli - registered vessels , and all vessels known to be carrying either goods destined for Israel or goods sourced from Israel .
6 . We stand , as we always have , for the long union tradition of campaigning for peace , which has always been a principle of the union movement in Australia .
[ See also Australian unionists back `boycott apartheid Israel ' call . ]
See Getting Started page to find out how to download , build , and install the libraries .
Libraries Listed Alphabetically
Libraries Listed by Category
Algorithm - A collection of useful generic algorithms , from Marshall Clow
Foreach - In C++ , writing a loop that iterates over a sequence is tedious .
We can either use iterators , which requires a considerable amount of boiler - plate , or we can use the std:: for_each ( ) algorithm and move our loop body into a predicate , which requires no less boiler - plate and forces us to move our logic far from where it will be used .
In contrast , some other languages , like Perl , provide a dedicated " foreach " construct that automates this process .
BOOST_FOREACH is just such a construct for C ++.
It iterates over sequences for us , freeing us from having to deal directly with iterators or write predicates , from Eric Niebler
Geometry - The Boost .
Geometry library provides geometric algorithms , primitives and spatial index , from Barend Gehrels , Bruno Lalande , Mateusz Loskot , Adam Wulkiewicz and Menelaos Karavelas
GIL - ( C++11 ) Generic Image Library , from Lubomir Bourdev , Hailin Jin and Christian Henning
Graph -
The BGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek and a University of Notre Dame team .
GraphParallel -
The PBGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek , Doug Gregor , and a University of Notre Dame team .
Histogram - Fast multi-dimensional histogram with convenient interface for C++14 , from Hans Dembinski
Min-Max - Standard library extensions for simultaneous min/max and min/max element computations , from Hervé Brönnimann
Polygon - Voronoi diagram construction and booleans / clipping , resizing / offsetting and more for planar polygons with integral coordinates , from Lucanus Simonson and Andrii Sydorchuk
QVM - Generic {CPP} library for working with Quaternions Vectors and Matrices , from Emil Dotchevski
Range -
A new infrastructure for generic algorithms that builds on top of the new iterator concepts , from Niel Groves and Thorsten Ottosen
Sort -
High - performance templated sort functions , from Steven Ross
String Algo - String algorithms library , from Pavol Droba
Utility - Class noncopyable plus checked_delete( ) , checked_array_delete( ) , next ( ) , prior ( ) function templates , plus base - from - member idiom , from Dave Abrahams and others
Compatibility - Help for non-conforming standard libraries , from Ralf Grosse - Kunstleve and Jens Maurer
Config - Helps
Boost library developers adapt to compiler idiosyncrasies ; not intended for library users
Asio - Portable networking and other low - level I/O , including sockets , timers , hostname resolution , socket iostreams , serial ports , file descriptors and Windows HANDLEs , from Chris Kohlhoff
Atomic - C++11 - style atomic<> , from Helge Bahmann , Tim Blechmann and Andrey Semashev
Beast - Portable HTTP , WebSocket , and network operations using only C++11 and Boost .
Asio , from Vinnie Falco
Compute - Parallel / GPU - computing library , from Kyle Lutz
Context - ( C++11 ) Context switching library , from Oliver Kowalke
Coroutine - Coroutine library , from Oliver Kowalke
Coroutine2 - ( C++11 ) Coroutine library , from Oliver Kowalke
Fiber - ( C++11 ) Userland threads library , from Oliver Kowalke
Interprocess - Shared memory , memory mapped files , process - shared mutexes , condition variables , containers and allocators , from Ion Gaztañaga
Lockfree - Lockfree data structures , from Tim Blechmann
MPI - Message Passing Interface library , for use in distributed - memory parallel application programming , from Douglas Gregor and Matthias Troyer
Thread - Portable C++ multi-threading .
C++03 , C++11 , C++14 , C++17 , from Anthony Williams and Vicente J. Botet Escriba
Array - STL compliant container wrapper for arrays of constant size , from Nicolai Josuttis
Bimap - Bidirectional maps library for C++. With Boost .
Bimap you can create associative containers in which both types can be used as key , from Matias Capeletto
Circular Buffer - A STL compliant container also known as ring or cyclic buffer , from Jan Gaspar
Container - Standard library containers and extensions , from Ion Gaztañaga
Dynamic Bitset -
The dynamic_bitset class represents a set of bits .
It provides accesses to the value of individual bits via an operator [ ] and provides all of the bitwise operators that one can apply to builtin integers , such as operator& and operator << .
The number of bits in the set is specified at runtime via a parameter to the constructor of the dynamic_bitset , from Jeremy Siek and Chuck Allison
GIL - ( C++11 ) Generic Image Library , from Lubomir Bourdev , Hailin Jin and Christian Henning
Graph -
The BGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek and a University of Notre Dame team .
GraphParallel -
The PBGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek , Doug Gregor , and a University of Notre Dame team .
ICL - Interval Container Library , interval sets and maps and aggregation of associated values , from Joachim Faulhaber
Intrusive - Intrusive containers and algorithms , from Ion Gaztañaga
Multi-Array - Boost .
MultiArray provides a generic N - dimensional array concept definition and common implementations of that interface , from Ron Garcia
Multi-Index -
The Boost Multi-index Containers Library provides a class template named multi_index_container which enables the construction of containers maintaining one or more indices with different sorting and access semantics , from Joaquín M López Muñoz
Pointer Container - Containers for storing heap - allocated polymorphic objects to ease OO - programming , from Thorsten Ottosen
PolyCollection - Fast containers of polymorphic objects , from Joaquín M López Muñoz
Property Map -
Concepts defining interfaces which map key objects to value objects , from Jeremy Siek
Property Tree -
A tree data structure especially suited to storing configuration data , from Marcin Kalicinski and Sebastian Redl
String_ref - String view templates , from Marshall Clow
Unordered - Unordered associative containers , from Daniel James
Variant - Safe , generic , stack - based discriminated union container , from Eric Friedman and Itay Maman
Variant2 - A never - valueless , strong guarantee implementation of std:: variant , from Peter Dimov
Assert - Customizable assert macros , from Peter Dimov
Concept Check - Tools for generic programming , from Jeremy Siek
Contract - Contract programming for C++.
All contract programming features are supported : Subcontracting , class invariants , postconditions ( with old and return values ) , preconditions , customizable actions on assertion failure ( e.g. , terminate or throw ) , optional compilation and checking of assertions , etc , from Lorenzo Caminiti
Safe Numerics - Guaranteed Correct Integer Arithmetic , from Robert Ramey
Stacktrace - Gather , store , copy and print backtraces , from Antony Polukhin
Static Assert - Static assertions ( compile time assertions ) , from John Maddock
Test -
Support for simple program testing , full unit testing , and for program execution monitoring , from Gennadiy Rozental and Raffi Enficiaud
Any - Safe , generic container for single values of different value types , from Kevlin Henney
Bimap - Bidirectional maps library for C++. With Boost .
Bimap you can create associative containers in which both types can be used as key , from Matias Capeletto
Compressed Pair - Empty member optimization , from John Maddock , Howard Hinnant , et al
Container - Standard library containers and extensions , from Ion Gaztañaga
Fusion - Library for working with tuples , including various containers , algorithms , etc , from Joel de Guzman , Dan Marsden and Tobias Schwinger
Geometry - The Boost .
Geometry library provides geometric algorithms , primitives and spatial index , from Barend Gehrels , Bruno Lalande , Mateusz Loskot , Adam Wulkiewicz and Menelaos Karavelas
Heap - Priority queue data structures , from Tim Blechmann
Histogram - Fast multi-dimensional histogram with convenient interface for C++14 , from Hans Dembinski
ICL - Interval Container Library , interval sets and maps and aggregation of associated values , from Joachim Faulhaber
Multi-Index -
The Boost Multi-index Containers Library provides a class template named multi_index_container which enables the construction of containers maintaining one or more indices with different sorting and access semantics , from Joaquín M López Muñoz
Optional - A value - semantic , type - safe wrapper for representing ' optional ' ( or ' nullable ' ) objects of a given type .
An optional object may or may not contain a value of the underlying type , from Fernando Cacciola
Pointer Container - Containers for storing heap - allocated polymorphic objects to ease OO - programming , from Thorsten Ottosen
Polygon - Voronoi diagram construction and booleans / clipping , resizing / offsetting and more for planar polygons with integral coordinates , from Lucanus Simonson and Andrii Sydorchuk
Property Tree -
A tree data structure especially suited to storing configuration data , from Marcin Kalicinski and Sebastian Redl
Tuple -
Ease definition of functions returning multiple values , and more , from Jaakko Järvi
Type Erasure - Runtime polymorphism based on concepts , from Steven Watanabe
Uuid -
A universally unique identifier , from Andy Tompkins
Variant - Safe , generic , stack - based discriminated union container , from Eric Friedman and Itay Maman
Variant2 - A never - valueless , strong guarantee implementation of std:: variant , from Peter Dimov
Chrono - Useful time utilities .
C++11 , from Howard Hinnant , Beman Dawes and Vicente J. Botet Escriba
CRC - The Boost CRC Library provides two implementations of CRC ( cyclic redundancy code ) computation objects and two implementations of CRC computation functions .
The implementations are template - based , from Daryle Walker
Date Time -
A set of date - time libraries based on generic programming concepts , from Jeff Garland
Units - Zero-overhead dimensional analysis and unit/ quantity manipulation and conversion , from Matthias Schabel and Steven Watanabe
Uuid -
A universally unique identifier , from Andy Tompkins
Bind - boost :: bind is a generalization of the standard functions std:: bind1st and std::bind2nd .
It supports arbitrary function objects , functions , function pointers , and member function pointers , and is able to bind any argument to a specific value or route input arguments into arbitrary positions , from Peter Dimov
Container Hash -
An STL - compatible hash function object that can be extended to hash user defined types , from Daniel James
Function - Function object wrappers for deferred calls or callbacks , from Doug Gregor
Functional - The Boost .
Function library contains a family of class templates that are function object wrappers , from Mark Rodgers
Functional / Factory - Function object templates for dynamic and static object creation , from Glen Fernandes and Tobias Schwinger
Functional / Forward - Adapters to allow generic function objects to accept arbitrary arguments , from Tobias Schwinger
Functional / Overloaded Function - Overload different functions into a single function object , from Lorenzo Caminiti
HOF - Higher - order functions for C++ , from Paul Fultz II
Lambda - Define small unnamed function objects at the actual call site , and more , from Jaakko Järvi and Gary Powell
Local Function - Program functions locally , within other functions , directly within the scope where they are needed , from Lorenzo Caminiti
Member Function - Generalized binders for function / object / pointers and member functions , from Peter Dimov
Phoenix - Define small unnamed function objects at the actual call site , and more , from Joel de Guzman , Dan Marsden , Thomas Heller and John Fletcher
Ref -
A utility library for passing references to generic functions , from Jaako Järvi , Peter Dimov , Doug Gregor and Dave Abrahams
Result Of - Determines the type of a function call expression
Signals2 - Managed signals & slots callback implementation ( thread - safe version 2 ) , from Frank Mori Hess
Utility - Class noncopyable plus checked_delete( ) , checked_array_delete( ) , next ( ) , prior ( ) function templates , plus base - from - member idiom , from Dave Abrahams and others
GIL - ( C++11 ) Generic Image Library , from Lubomir Bourdev , Hailin Jin and Christian Henning
Asio - Portable networking and other low - level I/O , including sockets , timers , hostname resolution , socket iostreams , serial ports , file descriptors and Windows HANDLEs , from Chris Kohlhoff
Assign - Filling containers with constant or generated data has never been easier , from Thorsten Ottosen
Beast - Portable HTTP , WebSocket , and network operations using only C++11 and Boost .
Asio , from Vinnie Falco
Endian - Types and conversion functions for correct byte ordering and more regardless of processor endianness , from Beman Dawes
Format -
The format library provides a type - safe mechanism for formatting arguments according to a printf - like format - string , from Samuel Krempp
IO - Utilities for the standard I/O library , from Daryle Walker , Beman Dawes and Glen Fernandes
Iostreams - Boost .IOStreams provides a framework for defining streams , stream buffers and i/o filters , from Jonathan Turkanis
Program Options -
The program_options library allows program developers to obtain program options , that is ( name , value ) pairs from the user , via conventional methods such as command line and config file , from Vladimir Prus
Serialization - Serialization for persistence and marshalling , from Robert Ramey
Python - The Boost Python Library is a framework for interfacing Python and C ++.
It allows you to quickly and seamlessly expose C++ classes functions and objects to Python , and vice - versa , using no special tools -- just your C++ compiler , from Dave Abrahams
GIL - ( C++11 ) Generic Image Library , from Lubomir Bourdev , Hailin Jin and Christian Henning
Graph -
The BGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek and a University of Notre Dame team .
GraphParallel -
The PBGL graph interface and graph components are generic , in the same sense as the the Standard Template Library ( STL ) , from Jeremy Siek , Doug Gregor , and a University of Notre Dame team .
Iterator - The Boost Iterator Library contains two parts .
The first is a system of concepts which extend the C++ standard iterator requirements .
The second is a framework of components for building iterators based on these extended concepts and includes several useful iterator adaptors , from Dave Abrahams , Jeremy Siek and Thomas Witt
Operators - Templates ease arithmetic classes and iterators , from Dave Abrahams and Jeremy Siek
Tokenizer - Break of a string or other character sequence into a series of tokens , from John Bandela
Exception - The Boost Exception library supports transporting of arbitrary data in exception objects , and transporting of exceptions between threads , from Emil Dotchevski
Foreach - In C++ , writing a loop that iterates over a sequence is tedious .
We can either use iterators , which requires a considerable amount of boiler - plate , or we can use the std:: for_each ( ) algorithm and move our loop body into a predicate , which requires no less boiler - plate and forces us to move our logic far from where it will be used .
In contrast , some other languages , like Perl , provide a dedicated " foreach " construct that automates this process .
BOOST_FOREACH is just such a construct for C ++.
It iterates over sequences for us , freeing us from having to deal directly with iterators or write predicates , from Eric Niebler
Move - Portable move semantics for C++03 and C++11 compilers , from Ion Gaztañaga
Outcome - A deterministic failure handling library partially simulating lightweight exceptions , from Niall Douglas
Parameter - Boost .
Parameter Library - Write functions that accept arguments by name , from David Abrahams and Daniel Wallin
Parameter Python Bindings - Boost .
Parameter Library Python bindings , from David Abrahams and Daniel Wallin
Scope Exit - Execute arbitrary code at scope exit , from Alexander Nasonov
Type Index - Runtime / Compile time copyable type info , from Antony Polukhin
Typeof - Typeof operator emulation , from Arkadiy Vertleyb and Peder Holt
Accumulators - Framework for incremental calculation , and collection of statistical accumulators , from Eric Niebler
Endian - Types and conversion functions for correct byte ordering and more regardless of processor endianness , from Beman Dawes
Geometry - The Boost .
Geometry library provides geometric algorithms , primitives and spatial index , from Barend Gehrels , Bruno Lalande , Mateusz Loskot , Adam Wulkiewicz and Menelaos Karavelas
Histogram - Fast multi-dimensional histogram with convenient interface for C++14 , from Hans Dembinski
Integer -
The organization of boost integer headers and classes is designed to take advantage of < stdint.h > types from the 1999 C standard without resorting to undefined behavior in terms of the 1998 C++ standard .
The header < boost / cstdint.hpp > makes the standard integer types safely available in namespace boost without placing any names in namespace std
Interval - Extends the usual arithmetic functions to mathematical intervals , from Guillaume Melquiond , Hervé Brönnimann and Sylvain Pion
Math - Boost .
Math includes several contributions in the domain of mathematics :
The Greatest Common Divisor and Least Common Multiple library provides run-time and compile - time evaluation of the greatest common divisor ( GCD ) or least common multiple ( LCM ) of two integers .
The Special Functions library currently provides eight templated special functions , in namespace boost .
The Complex Number Inverse Trigonometric Functions are the inverses of trigonometric functions currently present in the C++ standard .
Quaternions are a relative of complex numbers often used to parameterise rotations in three dimentional space .
Octonions , like quaternions , are a relative of complex numbers , from various
Math Common Factor - Greatest common divisor and least common multiple , from Daryle Walker
Math Octonion - Octonions , from Hubert Holin
Math Quaternion - Quaternions , from Hubert Holin
Math / Special Functions -
A wide selection of mathematical special functions , from John Maddock , Paul Bristow , Hubert Holin and Xiaogang Zhang
Math / Statistical Distributions -
A wide selection of univariate statistical distributions and functions that operate on them , from John Maddock and Paul Bristow
Multi-Array - Boost .
MultiArray provides a generic N - dimensional array concept definition and common implementations of that interface , from Ron Garcia
Multiprecision - Extended precision arithmetic types for floating point , integer andrational arithmetic , from John Maddock and Christopher Kormanyos
Numeric Conversion - Optimized Policy - based Numeric Conversions , from Fernando Cacciola
Odeint - Solving ordinary differential equations , from Karsten Ahnert and Mario Mulansky
Operators - Templates ease arithmetic classes and iterators , from Dave Abrahams and Jeremy Siek
Polygon - Voronoi diagram construction and booleans / clipping , resizing / offsetting and more for planar polygons with integral coordinates , from Lucanus Simonson and Andrii Sydorchuk
QVM - Generic {CPP} library for working with Quaternions Vectors and Matrices , from Emil Dotchevski
Random -
A complete system for random number generation , from Jens Maurer
Ratio - Compile time rational arithmetic .
C++11 , from Howard Hinnant , Beman Dawes and Vicente J. Botet Escriba
Rational - A rational number class , from Paul Moore
Safe Numerics - Guaranteed Correct Integer Arithmetic , from Robert Ramey
uBLAS - uBLAS provides tensor , matrix , and vector classes as well as basic linear algebra routines .
Several dense , packed and sparse storage schemes are supported , from Joerg Walter and Mathias Koch
Align - Memory alignment functions , allocators , traits , from Glen Fernandes
Pool - Memory pool management , from Steve Cleary
Smart Ptr - Smart pointer class templates , from Greg Colvin , Beman Dawes , Peter Dimov , Darin Adler and Glen Fernandes
Utility - Class noncopyable plus checked_delete( ) , checked_array_delete( ) , next ( ) , prior ( ) function templates , plus base - from - member idiom , from Dave Abrahams and others
Spirit - LL parser framework represents parsers directly as EBNF grammars in inlined C++ , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Spirit Classic - LL parser framework represents parsers directly as EBNF grammars in inlined C++ , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Spirit Repository -
The Spirit repository is a community effort collecting different reusable components ( primitives , directives , grammars , etc. ) for Qi parsers and Karma generators , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Compressed Pair - Empty member optimization , from John Maddock , Howard Hinnant , et al
Flyweight - Design pattern to manage large quantities of highly redundant objects , from Joaquín M López Muñoz
Outcome - A deterministic failure handling library partially simulating lightweight exceptions , from Niall Douglas
Signals2 - Managed signals & slots callback implementation ( thread - safe version 2 ) , from Frank Mori Hess
Utility - Class noncopyable plus checked_delete( ) , checked_array_delete( ) , next ( ) , prior ( ) function templates , plus base - from - member idiom , from Dave Abrahams and others
Identity Type -
Wrap types within round parenthesis so they can always be passed as macro parameters , from Lorenzo Caminiti
Preprocessor - Preprocessor metaprogramming tools including repetition and recursion , from Vesa Karvonen and Paul Mensonides
VMD - Variadic Macro Data library , from Edward Diener
Function - Function object wrappers for deferred calls or callbacks , from Doug Gregor
Outcome - A deterministic failure handling library partially simulating lightweight exceptions , from Niall Douglas
Parameter - Boost .
Parameter Library - Write functions that accept arguments by name , from David Abrahams and Daniel Wallin
Parameter Python Bindings - Boost .
Parameter Library Python bindings , from David Abrahams and Daniel Wallin
Meta State Machine -
A very high - performance library for expressive UML2 finite state machines , from Christophe Henry
Statechart - Boost .
Statechart - Arbitrarily complex finite state machines can be implemented in easily readable and maintainable C++ code , from Andreas Huber Dönni
Convert -
An extendible and configurable type - conversion framework , from Vladimir Batov
Format -
The format library provides a type - safe mechanism for formatting arguments according to a printf - like format - string , from Samuel Krempp
Iostreams - Boost .IOStreams provides a framework for defining streams , stream buffers and i/o filters , from Jonathan Turkanis
Lexical Cast - General literal text conversions , such as an int represented a string , or vice - versa , from Kevlin Henney
Locale - Provide localization and Unicode handling tools for C++ , from Artyom Beilis
Regex - Regular expression library , from John Maddock
Spirit - LL parser framework represents parsers directly as EBNF grammars in inlined C++ , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Spirit Classic - LL parser framework represents parsers directly as EBNF grammars in inlined C++ , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Spirit Repository -
The Spirit repository is a community effort collecting different reusable components ( primitives , directives , grammars , etc. ) for Qi parsers and Karma generators , from Joel de Guzman , Hartmut Kaiser and Dan Nuffer
Static String -
A fixed capacity dynamically sized string , from Krystian Stasiowski and Vinnie Falco
String Algo - String algorithms library , from Pavol Droba
Tokenizer - Break of a string or other character sequence into a series of tokens , from John Bandela
Wave - The Boost .
Wave library is a Standards conformant , and highly configurable implementation of the mandated C99/ C++ preprocessor functionality packed behind an easy to use iterator interface , from Hartmut Kaiser
Xpressive - Regular expressions that can be written as strings or as expression templates , and which can refer to each other and themselves recursively with the power of context - free grammars , from Eric Niebler
Chrono - Useful time utilities .
C++11 , from Howard Hinnant , Beman Dawes and Vicente J. Botet Escriba
Context - ( C++11 ) Context switching library , from Oliver Kowalke
Date Time -
A set of date - time libraries based on generic programming concepts , from Jeff Garland
DLL - Library for comfortable work with DLL and DSO , from Antony Polukhin and Renato Tegon Forti
Fiber - ( C++11 ) Userland threads library , from Oliver Kowalke
Filesystem - The Boost Filesystem Library provides portable facilities to query and manipulate paths , files , and directories , from Beman Dawes
Nowide - Standard library functions with UTF - 8 API on Windows , from Artyom Beilis
Process - Library to create processes in a portable way , from Merino Vidal , Ilya Sokolov , Felipe Tanus , Jeff Flinn , Thomas Jarosch , Boris Schaeling and Klemens D. Morgenstern
Stacktrace - Gather , store , copy and print backtraces , from Antony Polukhin
System - Operating system support , including the diagnostics support that will be part of the C++0 x standard library , from Beman Dawes
Thread - Portable C++ multi-threading .
C++03 , C++11 , C++14 , C++17 , from Anthony Williams and Vicente J. Botet Escriba
CallableTraits - A spiritual successor to Boost .
FunctionTypes , Boost .
CallableTraits is a header - only C++11 library for the compile - time inspection and manipulation of all ' callable ' types .
Additional support for C++17 features , from Barrett Adair
Function Types - Boost .
FunctionTypes provides functionality to classify , decompose and synthesize function , function pointer , function reference and pointer to member types , from Tobias Schwinger
Fusion - Library for working with tuples , including various containers , algorithms , etc , from Joel de Guzman , Dan Marsden and Tobias Schwinger
Hana - A modern C++ metaprogramming library .
It provides high level algorithms to manipulate heterogeneous sequences , allows writing type - level computations with a natural syntax , provides tools to introspect user - defined types and much more , from Louis Dionne
HOF - Higher - order functions for C++ , from Paul Fultz II
Metaparse - A library for generating compile time parsers parsing embedded DSL code as part of the C++ compilation process , from Abel Sinkovics
Mp11 - A C++11 metaprogramming library , from Peter Dimov
MPL - The Boost .
MPL library is a general - purpose , high - level C++ template metaprogramming framework of compile - time algorithms , sequences and metafunctions .
It provides a conceptual foundation and an extensive set of powerful and coherent tools that make doing explict metaprogramming in C++ as easy and enjoyable as possible within the current language , from Aleksey Gurtovoy
Proto -
Expression template library and compiler construction toolkit for domain - specific embedded languages , from Eric Niebler
Static Assert - Static assertions ( compile time assertions ) , from John Maddock
TTI - Type Traits Introspection library , from Edward Diener
Type Traits - Templates for fundamental properties of types , from John Maddock , Steve Cleary , et al
YAP - An expression template library for C++14 and later , from T. Zachary Laine
Conversion - Polymorphic casts , from Dave Abrahams and Kevlin Henney
Convert -
An extendible and configurable type - conversion framework , from Vladimir Batov
Core -
A collection of simple core utilities with minimal dependencies , from Peter Dimov , Glen Fernandes and Andrey Semashev
Endian - Types and conversion functions for correct byte ordering and more regardless of processor endianness , from Beman Dawes
Lexical Cast - General literal text conversions , such as an int represented a string , or vice - versa , from Kevlin Henney
Log - Logging library , from Andrey Semashev
Numeric Conversion - Optimized Policy - based Numeric Conversions , from Fernando Cacciola
Predef -
This library defines a set of compiler , architecture , operating system , library , and other version numbers from the information it can gather of C , C++ , Objective C , and Objective C++ predefined macros or those defined in generally available headers , from Rene Rivera
Program Options -
The program_options library allows program developers to obtain program options , that is ( name , value ) pairs from the user , via conventional methods such as command line and config file , from Vladimir Prus
Swap - Enhanced generic swap function , from Joseph Gauterin
ThrowException - A common infrastructure for throwing exceptions from Boost libraries , from Emil Dotchevski and Peter Dimov
Timer - Event timer , progress timer , and progress display classes , from Beman Dawes
Tribool - 3 - state boolean type library , from Doug Gregor
Utility - Class noncopyable plus checked_delete( ) , checked_array_delete( ) , next ( ) , prior ( ) function templates , plus base - from - member idiom , from Dave Abrahams and others
Value Initialized - Wrapper for uniform - syntax value initialization , based on the original idea of David Abrahams , from Fernando Cacciola
[ Category suggestions from Aleksey Gurtovoy , Beman Dawes and Vicente J. Botet Escribá ]
Libraries Retired from Boost
compose - Functional composition adapters for the STL , from Nicolai Josuttis .
Removed in Boost version 1.32 .
Please use Bind or Lambda instead .
signals ( v1 ) - Managed signals and slots callback implementation , from Doug Gregor .
Removed in Boost version 1.69 .
Please use Signals2 instead .
Revised 19 Feb 2015
© Copyright Beman Dawes 2000 - 2004
Distributed under the Boost Software License , Version 1.0 .
( See file LICENSE_1_0.txt or www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt)
