Report : Sosa tested positive for banned substance in 2003
According to a report by the New York Times , Sammy Sosa is one of the baseball players who tested positive for a banned substance in 2003 .
In some respects , this is hardly shocking news seeing as how many people already suspected that Sosa took banned substances during his playing career .
But nothing had ever been confirmed until now .
What ’s interesting is that earlier this month Sosa announced that he planned on retiring from baseball and that he would “ calmly wait ” for his “ induction to the Baseball Hall of Fame . ”
Looks like you ’ll be waiting awhile for that , chief .
Either way , Sosa has bigger issues on his hands than whether or not he ’ll be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame .
If this report is true and he did test positive for a banned substance , that means he lied under oath before Congress at a public hearing in 2005 .
He claimed that he had never taken illegal performance - enhancing drugs , but the tests done in 2003 could prove otherwise .
Granted , there was no steroid policy in place in 2003 , so just like Mark McGwire , Barry Bonds and Alex Rodriguez , Sosa technically did n’t break any MLB rules .
But for a league desperately trying to clean up its image , this is yet another chink in the armor for MLB .
There ’s still a list out there of 104 names of players that tested positive for banned substances .
The test results from 2003 were to remain anonymous and therefore MLB wo n’t release the names , but it should .
At risk of pissing off the player ’s union , baseball should just release the names , take it ’s medicine and then attempt to move on .
Why not ?
What ’s the difference if Sports Illustrated or the New York Times reports whose names are on the list or MLB does it themselves ?
As long as there are still 100 - plus names out there of players who tested positive , then this steroid issue will forever remain the elephant in the room .
Every wonder how the mystery fish sticks or tater tots ended up in your school ’s lunch program : think politics , think lobbyists .
$ 10 billion is spent each year on the National School Lunch Program , which is renewed every five years .
According to the USDA :
The National School Lunch Program ( NSLP ) is the Nation ’s second largest food and nutrition assistance program .
In 2007 , it operated in over 95,000 public and nonprofit private schools ( grades K - 12 ) and provided low - cost or free lunches to over 30 million children daily .
What a great opportunity to feed children nutritious food ; however , politics as usual interfere with truly helping children in need .
I work in a school with a high percentage of children on free and reduced meals .
For some of these children , breakfast and lunch at school are the only meals they receive all day .
Do n’t they deserve more than ketchup being counted as a serving of fruit ?
How to write Chinese characters
Stroke Types
Strokes are traditionally classified into eight basic forms , each appearing in the character " eternally " and listed below according to their contemporary names .
Though somewhat arbitrary , this system has remained popular for nearly two millenia .
1. " Dian " - A simple dot .
2. " Heng " - Horizontal stroke , left to right .
3 . " Shu " - Vertical stroke , top to bottom .
4. " Gou " - Hook appended to other strokes .
5 . " Ti " - Diagonal stroke , rising from left to right .
6. " Pie " - Diagonal stroke , falling from right to left .
7. " Duan Pie " - Short diagonal stroke , falling from right to left .
8 . " Na " - Horizontal stroke , falling from left to right .
These basic strokes are sometimes combined without the pen leaving the paper .
In the above example of " eternally " , strokes 2 - 3 - 4 are written as one continuous stroke , as are strokes 5 - 6 .
Hence in dictionaries this character is indexed as having five separate strokes .
Stroke Order
Writing characters in the correct order is essential for the character to look correct .
Two basic rules are followed :
1 . Top before bottom
2 . Left before right
These rules conflict whenever one stroke is to the bottom and left of another .
Several additional rules resolve many of these conflicts .
3 . Left vertical stroke ( usually ) before top horizontal stroke
4. Bottom horizontal stroke last
5 . Center stroke before wings
6. Horizontal strokes before intersecting vertical strokes
7. Left - falling strokes before right - falling srokes
A final rule can contradict the others :
8. Minor strokes ( often ) last
Despite these conflicts between rules most students quickly acquire a natural feel for the proper stroke order .
Component Order
Most Chinese characters are combinations of simpler , component characters .
Usually the two parts are written at top and bottom
or left and right
so that the main two stroke order rules readily apply .
Occasionally these rules also conflict with respect to components .
When one component is at the bottom - left , and the other at the top - right , the top - right component is sometimes written first .
When there are several components , top components are written first .
These rules usually imply each component is written in its entirety before another component is written .
Exceptions may arise when one component divides another ,
encompasses another ,
or the individual components are no longer discernible in modern writing .
For detailed stroke orders for thousands of characters , see Ocrat.com .
You can access the relevant stroke information at Ocrat.com from this website by clicking on the large " + " sign accompanying each character entry .
For information on Chinese calligraphy please see China the Beautiful .
As rumored , Microsoft unveiled its newest control scheme today : full - body motion control that does n't require a controller of any kind called Project Natal .
Forgive my excitement , but on first glance this thing looks amazing .
Nintendo should watch out .
Update : Video after jump .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Project Natal is a bar that sits above or below your TV , much like the Wii 's sensor bar .
But instead of sensing controllers , this thing has a camera , sensors and a microphone inside that lets it get an accurate sense of your space and you in it .
This lets you control games just by moving around ; kicking , jumping , whatever .
But that 's really just the start .
Click to view
What makes this so damned cool is that it lets you do more than just play games with it .
You can also move through menus by swiping your hands back and forth .
The camera allows for fun features like facial and voice recognition .
When you have it running , your Xbox will recognize your face and sign you in automatically .
Advertisement
You can start to imagine the possibilities already .
Everything from Minority Report style menu control to Dance Dance Revolution games that require you to actually dance rather than just hit buttons to videoconferencing in your living room , the thing just feels like the future .
And it already makes the Wii seem like a gimpy and outdated piece of tech .
There 's no way it can touch what this will do .
What makes this so exciting is n't what they showed off today , which seemed like glorified tech demos .
No , what 's amazing is to think about what creative developers will be able to do with the dev kits that just arrived on their doorsteps .
This is a whole new way of controlling not only games but what 's quickly becoming the media and communications hub of your living room .
Get excited .
Advertisement
Update : Microsoft explains how it works :
Compatible with any Xbox 360 system , the " Project Natal " sensor is the world 's first to combine an RGB camera , depth sensor , multi-array microphone and custom processor running proprietary software all in one device .
Unlike 2 - D cameras and controllers , " Project Natal " tracks your full body movement in 3 - D , while responding to commands , directions and even a shift of emotion in your voice .
In addition , unlike other devices , the " Project Natal " sensor is not light - dependent .
It can recognize you just by looking at your face , and it does n't just react to key words but understands what you 're saying .
Call a play in a football game , and players will actually respond .
11 SHARES Share Tweet
The concept of a self is central to Buddhist thought ; we are told meditative practices are intended to expand one ’s self - awareness and to ultimately lead to a letting go of the self in order to distinguish one ’s suffering ( or all the dissatisfactions that come from being a conscious , experiencing being ) .
From my observation humans do not typically react well to the notion of a no self .
To deny the self entirely seems to be akin to denying one ’s own existence .
If there is no me – if there is no I – then who is there ?
Who is there experiencing what I perceive to be as my life ?
What is the self ?
René Descartes once famously said , “ cogito ergo sum , ” or , “ I think therefore I am . ” I believe in these simple words Descartes had rightfully equated the thinking mind with the self .
The voice in our head that reasons , postulates , and creates – this is the stream of consciousness we typically attribute to our voice .
Only delusional schizophrenics seem to attribute voices in their head to the identity of someone else but the self .
The thinking mind is also the conceptual mind .
Thinking in and of its self is purely conceptual .
We can not think without concepts , and we cannot conceptualize without thinking .
With that in mind , take a minute and be aware of just how many concepts arise within just a few quiet seconds .
Even just take the simple thought : “ I have work to do , ” and list how many concepts you depend on to make any sense of that thought .
There is the concept of work , the concept of having , the concept of doing , and of course the concept of I , better known as the concept of a self : the center of our conceptual world in which all our experiences relate to .
The conceptual mind includes all of our life story , our memories , and the meanings of all these remembered events that have happened to us .
We assume all of our life ’s events to have had happened to the same person or thing ; and we call this the self .
There is not a single concept we have that does n’t in some way or another relate back to the self .
Without the self , all experiences would be disjointed and meaningless .
The concept of a self is one of the first things the thinking mind must conceptualize to make any sense of his or her environment .
All other conceptions build off of concepts in relation to the self .
The “ No Self ” in Compassion
One of the most useful notions of no self is when building one ’s compassion towards others .
By taking one ’s self out of the picture , one can become more finely tuned to the wants and needs of others .
It is all too easy to get caught up in our interests to the self and forget that there is a whole world outside of our narrow windowed reality .
I do not want to turn this section into an argument about my idea of the proper morality , but I think if one learns to observe karma ( the laws of cause and effect ) one will find that helping others is one of the greatest gifts and greatest highs one can get out of life ( surely better than any drug you can find ) .
To truly be a being of compassion one needs to practice the removal and dissociation of the desires of one ’s self .
Acting on the petty desires of the self is a road towards delusion , harm , and sadness .
If one is always placing concern in the self , and never others , one begins to lose a sense of purpose – meaning – and the sense of contribution and worthiness to one ’s society and world .
To dismantle the self for the sake of compassion is like a breathe of fresh air .
No longer do you need to be always striving , pushing , forcing the self to obtain what it desires .
Too much of the self becomes burdensome and tiring .
It sucks up the richness out of life and leaves one pale , shriveled , and rotting , like a fruit left out in the sun too long .
Do not bask in the self for too long , spread your seeds to others and aid others in their growth as many have done for you in the past .
The “ No Self ” in Non-attachment
Compassion is certainly a form of non-attachment to the self , but in this section I will explain a form of non-attachment that may be of interest for more self - ish reasons .
If we put the self as the focus of attention ( such as what is done in meditation ) we notice a peculiar property of the self : it is always changing .
This goes back to the very nature of the self as a product of the conceptual mind .
What we perceive of our self today is slightly different than how we perceived our self yesterday and vastly different than how we perceived our self ten or twenty years ago .
As mentioned previously , the self is a product of our beliefs , attitudes , thoughts , and emotions regarding events in the past and our predictions for the future .
But we are constantly experiencing new things moment by moment , thus our conception of the self is constantly reshaping itself and evolving .
Despite this truth , we still cling to certain ideas about our self .
Perhaps we have a long history of failures with dating or school – we begin to think that our self is simply not a good dater or not a good student .
If we hold onto these beliefs – they become self - fulfilling – and we fall deeper down the hole of false conceptions .
But the sooner we can let go of these false “ selves ” ( the self who is a failure at X , or the self who does n’t do Y ) the sooner we can improve our selves .
What we need to accept is that it is not typically something inherit in us that causes us to act in such a way ( excluding any biological dispositions ) , but it is simply our strategy or method of doing something that has failed .
Final Thoughts
As you can see , the notion of no self is just as truth - revealing as it is empowering .
It can be used to help others or to guide one ’s own improvement .
Learn to not think of the self as a concrete thing , but as a process – we can call this “ self-ing ” .
Be aware of how and when you are self - ing and become better at avoiding the consequences of clinging to these false selves .
I hope this helps .
President Obama spoke on Thursday to clean up the “ mess ” that Guantanamo Bay has become and stood firmly by his decision to close the detention center .
The speech came after the Senate voted 90 - 6 to block $ 80 million for shutting down Gitmo .
He also attempted to reassure Americans in NIMBY mode that “ nobody has ever escaped from one of our federal supermax prisons . ”
The New York Times : “ I want to be honest : this is the toughest issue we will face , ” the president said .
Nevertheless , despite the evil intentions of some Guantánamo detainees and the undeniable fact that Al Qaeda terrorists are determined to attack America again , United States citizens should not feel uneasy about a relatively small number of detainees being imprisoned in the American homeland , the president said .
Read More
You can find President Obama ’s full speech here
Meanwhile , across town , former Vice President Cheney gave a speech harshly criticizing Obama ’s actions and defending the anti-terrorism policies of the Bush administration .
The essentials of a specification
This note is a little motherhood and apple pie about how a specification should be couched so as to clearly add a new well - defined piece to the technology .
A technical specification defines something .
The document must specify the thing being defined as well as give its definition : a " left hand side " as well as a " right hand side " .
Both must be done quite precisely .
Typically , technical specifications for the web specify a language or a protocol .
A protocol is a language for messages , plus a set of constraints on the sequence of messages .
A language is a set of symbols , the syntactic constraints on the way their are combined , and the semantics of what they " mean " at some ( possibly more than one ) level .
( See also Meaning of web documents )
The test of a good specification is that it clearly defines what implementation ( document , message , program ) conforms , and of course that it ensures by its design that whatever conforms works to provides the required function .
The left hand side
The document should state what sort of things is being defined .
It should introduce a new term which characterizes that which conforms to the specification .
Examples of a conformance term could be
A well - formed XML 1.0 document
A conforming HTTP 1.1 server
An xml - schema - valid XML document
A W3C / WAI " AAA " accessible web site
The SVG 1.0 language
The same specification document can define more than one term .
such as a " strictly conforming WWidget " and a " loosely conforming WWidget " but one should beware of diluting the " WWidget " brand .
As systems become more self - describing , the term is given a formal identifier .
Examples could be
The MIME type " image/svg1 "
The XML Namespace " http://www.w3.org/1999/asdf-2-0 "
In this case where a MIME type or namespace has an identifier , then this is obviously the crucial term to use to be unambiguous .
Wherever possible , conformance phrases will be grounded in the Web : identified by a URI .
The Right Hand Side
More has already been written on this , and most of it seems to be in consensus in the W3C .
It is important to remember what you are defining as you write the text .
For example , if you are defining a " foo- valid document " then using " is invalid " in the text can be assumed to apply to this but " is incorrect " or " is wrong " or " produces an error " does not unless the language is explicitly linked to the conformance term .
A good spec similarly pays attention to :
The distinction between the use of MUST , as opposed to MAY ( etc. , see Bradner 's BCP14 )
The use of this distinction in defining the conformance term precisely ;
The distinction between normative and non-normative parts of the specification .
When defining a language , whenever possible specify directly the meaning rather than the sort of thing you would expect some software to do with it .
Typical behaviors of an agent may be very useful to explain the intent non-normatively .
For example ,
" x " indicated that the check is void
is better than
" x " indicates that the check should be rejected with a fatal error .
You can tell people what something means , you can't tell them what to do about it , unless you are defining a protocol .
When defining a protocol , then the constraints should ideally be given as a state transition diagram or table to make them totally clear .
When defining a message which in fact binds to human social entities , then this must be clear .
You could end up in court explaining it if not .
( " The MMTP protocol defines the meaning of a message sent by or on behalf of a party herein referred to as the " debtor " to a party referred to as the " creditor " .
The creditor is identified by the foo-email - address ... )
When defining a part of a specification deliberately to be similar to another specification ,
Make it clear that you have noticed the similarity ;
Make it clear whether the similarity is exact and if not where not ( and why not ) ;
Ideally , it clear that the existing specification is being referred to normatively and is definitive , and that what is in this specification is a non-normative copy for information only .
Make it clear whether the use in this specification will track any new version of the referenced specification .
Think about whether there is any way in which such changes could break this system .
If necessary negotiate constraints with the authority for changes to the referenced specification .
Test questions
A few examples of things to ask about a spec -- though generalization is difficult .
Does the spec give enough information to determine , for any arbitrary object , whether the conformance term applies to it ?
Could you write a program to test conformance ?
Is conformance alone enough to ensure that systems build using this language will function as intended and with integrity ?
Can you prove important properties of the system from the state transition tables etc ?
So much for another bit of folklore .
Comments , suggestions welcome .
References
S. Bradner , " Key words for use in RFCs to Indicate Requirement Levels " , BCP0041
These are some of the raw bits of standards which I picked up from Peggie Rimmer at CERN , and from working with IEEE , IETF and W3C specifications over the years .
I am sure others have written books on it .
Comments , suggestions welcome
For returning complex values from a method you have a few popular choices :
Return a tuple with positional values .
Those are very easy to unpack in Python and quite attractive because of that .
Return a dictionary with the values .
This can lead to slightly verbose accessing of the individual values .
Return an object of some class you define .
This required the definition of a class which can be too verbose for just a simple return value .
Since Python 2.6 you have one additional tool : collections.namedtuple .
They give you a very lightweight class but it ’s a one - liner to define them .
from collections import namedtuple Child = namedtuple ( ' Child ' , ' id , user , type , count ' ) def get_first_child ( ) : return Child ( 'id ' , ' userid ' , ' special ' , 10 ) res = get_first_child ( ) print res print res.id , res.user , res.type , res.count
To create a class you call the namedtuple function with the type name and a string of field names .
The field names are separated by whitespace and / or coma .
Alternatively you can also pass in a list of strings .
The returned class can be used like any other class – but all values are read - only .
As always , the full details are available in the official API documentation for collections .
namedtuple .
This post is part of the Python on the toilet series .
Hyalinobatrachium pellucidum ( glass frog ) Photo : Luis Coloma
An expedition on the Nangaritza River of Ecuador , near the border with Peru , has uncovered nearly a dozen species new to science , including four amphibians , a lovely lizard , insects , and plants .
This one above is a species of glass frog , Hyalinobatrachium pellucidum , named after its translucent skin .
These discoveries are hoped to encourage the government to protect the area , which is close to a " peace park " created in the late 90s after decades of conflict .
More photos and videos are available from Conservation International .
From the Upcoming ueue , submitted by ecoconservant .
Last month , Mexico ’s Congress convened a special forum to consider marijuana policy reform as a remedy for that country ’s current crisis of violence .
The forum bucked a century of staunch prohibitionist history in Mexico , a history that has contributed to the continued criminalization of marijuana use throughout North America .
From early on , marijuana was portrayed in Mexico as a frightening substance that produced madness in its users .
In 1897 , Revista Medica , one of Mexico ’s leading scientific journals , reported that marijuana produced “ pleasant visions and hallucinations , ” an “ expansion of the spirit that leads to exaltation ” but also an “ impulsive delirium ” with often fatal consequences :
“ It is true that in other regions the delirium that is produced by marijuana is a turbulent one , but in our country it reaches the point of furor , terrible and blind impulse , and leads to murder . ”
Although use of the drug was not widespread at the time , the plant was increasingly seen as a national menace and , in 1920 , was banned .
Gradually , the idea that marijuana was dangerous seeped into the United States , fostering American notions of “ reefer madness ” and eventually helping to inspire marijuana prohibition here as well ( in 1937 ) .
Since then , Mexico has continued to be tough on marijuana , even in the face of softening U.S. attitudes toward the drug .
The last time widespread sentiment for marijuana policy reform emerged in the U.S. , it was Mexico that leveled some of the harshest criticism against the trend .
“ We do n’t accept that marijuana is less important than heroin , ” Mexican Atty .
Gen. Pedro Ojeda Paullada declared in 1974 .
Advertisement
A few years later , a scandal over use of the herbicide paraquat on Mexican marijuana fields produced a similar response from Ojeda ’s successor , Oscar Flores Sanchez .
Paraquat spraying , which often failed to completely destroy the targeted crops , led to the sale of poison - soaked pot to unknowing consumers in both countries .
Public outcry in the U.S. inspired congressional action that threatened to eliminate funding for the program if the paraquat spraying continued .
Behind closed doors , Flores went ballistic , warning that if the United States refused to back Mexico ’s war on marijuana , Mexico might go soft on heroin , the major U.S. priority of that era .
Mexico is now being forced to reevaluate these policies .
Ironically , decades of being “ tough ” on drugs has produced a new link between marijuana and violence , but of a different kind .
Indeed , the nation ’s “ drug- related ” violence today might more accurately be termed “ drug- policy - related ” violence .
The mafias behind the current tsunami of killings -- more than 6,000 last year -- are a product of the extraordinary black - market profits that drug prohibition generates .
And because 60 % of the profits earned by Mexican traffickers come from marijuana sales , legalization in both Mexico and the U.S. would deliver a potentially debilitating blow to these powerful gangs .
Advertisement
Unfortunately , the Mexican public remains overwhelmingly opposed to marijuana legalization , with only 14 % in favor , according to a February poll by Parametria , a public opinion research firm based in Mexico City .
According to CBS
News , by contrast , nearly 40 % of Americans say they would favor legalization if the drug could be taxed and proceeds used to fund state budgets .
Given those numbers , it is hardly surprising that many Mexican legislators chose not to attend last month ’s forum .
Indeed , full legalization apparently had few supporters at the forum in April .
Instead , many delegates backed half - measures , such as the formal decriminalization of small amounts of marijuana for personal use .
Such measures , though a significant departure from the past , nevertheless promise to do very little to alleviate Mexico ’s current crisis of violence .
Although decriminalization would free up law enforcement to concentrate on trafficking , this would merely exacerbate the fundamental paradox at the heart of drug policy -- that by raising prices , law enforcement increases the economic incentive to traffic in drugs .
Thus , unless decriminalization is accompanied by a successful program of “ education ” that persuades people to abstain from using a drug that is relatively innocuous in comparison with , say , alcohol or tobacco , it wo n’t do much to stem the violence .
Education efforts should instead focus on undermining old prejudices that prevent meaningful reform in Mexico and the United States .
Advertisement
Last month ’s forum at least opened a dialogue among Mexicans .
That is certainly a step in the right direction .
But if we hope to use legislative reform to reduce Mexico ’s drug- policy - related violence , Mexico and the United States need to go all the way on marijuana legalization .
U.S Senate Says " OH HELL NO ! " To Brutal Canadian Seal Hunt
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
If we ’ve said it once we ’ve said it a million times : STOP KILLING BABY CANADIAN SEALS !
Well it looks like all that talking just might be doing some good !
On May 7th , the U.S. Senate unanimously passed a resolution calling for an immediate end to the annual seal slaughter in Canada .
This , of course , coming shortly after the European Union gave the hunt a big “ I DON ’T THINK SO , ” and outlawed seal products entirely .
About the decision , Senator Carl Levin , D - Michigan , said :
“ It is truly gratifying that the U.S. Senate has passed this resolution .
Canada needs to understand that the rest of the world will not stand by and allow this slaughter to continue .
Ten countries have now either banned trade in seal products or have indicated their intentions to do so and the European Union has just enacted a prohibition on seal product trade . ”
If animal advocates are anything it ’s relentless and you can bet your shiny coinage that we ’re gonna scream , shout , talk , whisper , stand , sit , write , blog , rally and dance a jig until this nasty seal hunt is no longer !
Believe it !
To learn the facts about the Canadian seal hunt , visit HSUS.org !
JERUSALEM , June 15 ( Reuters ) -
An Israeli court has jailed two journalists for two months for reporting troop movements in Israel in the hour before Israeli forces entered the Gaza Strip at the start of an invasion in January .
The two men , both Palestinian residents of Israeli - occupied East Jerusalem , were convicted on Sunday of breaching military censorship regulations in their reports on troop movements for Iranian media from the Israeli side of Gaza 's border on Jan .
3 .
Journalists working in Israel are , in principle , not legally allowed to report any military or security developments without first clearing their report with the military censor .
Khader Shahine and Mohammed Sarhan were accused of reporting troop movements inside Israel that they said indicated a ground invasion was imminent , before Israeli forces crossed the border .
First reports on most international media confirming the invasion came from Palestinian witnesses inside the Gaza Strip , who saw tanks and infantry inside the territory .
A lawyer for the two journalists described their sentences as " harsh " .
The civilian court in Jerusalem , in a statement available on Monday , said it was intended to deter others .
( Writing by Ari Rabinovitch ; Editing by Alastair Macdonald )
CANNABIS CULTURE – Controversial drug bill C - 15 , which includes mandatory minimum jail sentences for small amounts of marijuana , passed the Canadian House of Commons with the support of both Liberal and Conservative parties .
The bill now moves to the Senate for a final vote .
Health experts and activists criticized the bill for including mandatory sentences , which have been proven ineffective and destructive time and again in studies .
Despite a backlash from the NDP and some Liberal members in the days before the final vote , the majority of Liberals supported the bill , which passed with a vote of 194 to 54 .
The bill needs only Senate support to become law .
“ I think it is really bad news , ” Libby Davies , MP for Vancouver East ( NDP ) , told Cannabis Culture , “ the evidence shows very , very strongly – overwhelmingly – that mandatory minimum sentencing is not an effective policy when it comes to drug crime .
My fear is that we are going to see more people in jail , and more people fighting charges because they know they will be facing a mandatory minimum sentence .
That means more court time and more backlogs . ”
With Canada ’s prison system already overstretched to the breaking point , experts say the bill could create a create a dangerous influx of new inmates .
“ We are now going down a path the Americans went down 25 years ago , ” said Kirk Tousaw , a criminal lawyer and executive director of the Beyond Prohibition Foundation .
“ A path they are now abandoning because of the incredible devastation that these kinds of sentences have caused to their criminal justice system and to the social fabric of their communities . ”
If passed , the bill would enact a number of minimum sentences for drug crimes , including an automatic six month jail term for as few as five plants .
The bill has been lambasted for targeting first time drug offenders and small - time dealers and users , instead of focusing on high - level producers and distributors .
“ Mid and upper - level traffickers will get no particular increase in punishment , because a major dealer would already get six months or a year for any kind of trafficking , ” said Vancouver marijuana activist ( and CC editor ) Marc Emery .
“ What we ’re going to see is people who would n’t normally go to jail , they ’re going to be the people affected .
Largely young people in schoolyards – because if you are dealing around a school , it ’s an enhanced penalty .
The enhanced penalties of six months , a year , two years , are going to affect , almost exclusively , people under the age of twenty - five . ”
If passed , the bill will undoubtedly fill Canada ’s already overtaxed prison system with non-violent offenders , and demand more police for proper enforcement .
How To Stop Bill C - 15 !
Please call or email your Senators and tell them to vote NO ! on BILL C-15
Click here for a list of all Canadian Senators – click names for contact info .
Why Prohibition has added emailers for each Province , simply click on your Province or Territory of to email your Senators to demand they vote No on C - 15 .
If your province or Territory is n’t listed , it means we do n’t have any members from your area !
Login or Register and get your friends to do the same , we want to have every City , Electoral District , Region , Territory and Province represented before the next election !
Prince Edward Island
New Brunswick
Quebec
Nunavut
Manitoba
Alberta
Ontario
Nova Scotia
British Columbia
Updated on June 10 , 2009
My knuckles pressed into the pale hollow formed by his hip as the muscles and bone slipped beneath skin damp from the shower , and I slid my hand up his side , ribs evident beneath an expanse of freckles .
“ What ’s with this Jesus of Nazareth post - fasting look you ’re rocking here , dude ? ”
He laughed , somewhat ruefully .
“ Yeah that happens when your focus on food being pleasurable shifts : you do n’t really think much about eating .
A protein bar is fine … ” he trailed off as I wound my leg around his much longer one , my body shifted towards him and my breast was within reach .
“ But your tummy issues are better ? ” I slid my arm under his head , hair damp , my chin on his forehead .
“ Yeah … ”
His reddish goatee scratching a heated trail of skin sensitized by the scrubbing sensation from my throat to my mouth as his insistent lips caught and nipped skin eliciting my sharp inhalations that drove him to more aggressive exploration of my body his hands pulling and pinching and twisting an arm between my legs my knee bent his elbow on my thigh and wait somehow under my head .
His blue eyes meeting my myopic brown ones he pulls off my glasses and I laugh
“ Now I ca n ’t see … ”
“ You wanna keep your glasses on ? ”
“ It might be interesting to see how long they last . ”
He is close enough that I can see him his gaze dropping from mine to slide appreciatively down my body as he grabs fistfuls of me rippling reverberations of almost subaudible desire a counterpoint to one hand on my hip another squeezing the flesh on my belly and another or is it the first hand on the back of my neck nipple caught I must have lost track of his hands but one now is insinuating between my thighs going for my pussy but I keep my legs tightly together until his leveraging wins the day .
“ Why are …open your legs , baby … ” and though I ’d usually comply something makes me shy at that moment absurd yes but once he gets the upper hand as it were he quickly realized the subtext of my reluctance is that “ Goddamn your pussy is wet baby … ”
Fingers slipping in the flagrant fragrant evidence of my complete inability to “ play it cool ” once I ’m raring to go and I was distracted from being embarrassed soon enough since I was shortly focused on his cock as it prized open my jaw and my hand gripped in that pushpull reaction I tend to have when getting face fucked .
But when I have a gagging mouth full of cock I ’m not necessarily able to do my best … work … as it were so I push away harder the barest edge of my teeth tugging lightly on the skin of his cock and …
… there …
… the perfect depth angle and position for me to …
“ Ahhhhfucking hell my god baby you are such a good little cocksucker … ” a violent hiss of breath and his cock is rapidly a fading memory on my dripping tongue as he pulls me over towards him with his free hand , the other busily fisting his upthrust cock “ I have to fuck you .
Right now .
Right fucking now … ” condom on …then his balled up fists on either side of my head his muscled forearms on either side of my face as he fucks his cock into my cunt my hands my fingers my fingernails dig into the sway of his back my breath caught in my throat as my feet
… my … feet … ?
my feet feel as though they are on fire then legs hands shaking … my body begins a slow implosion that will I know take him with me but for him slowing down slowing slowing even as I ’m on the brink of an orgasm then the brink is past and my own eyes rolled back into my head are blind to anything but the punishing reward of an orgasm that smites me from myself even as the tendons in his neck reflect the immense willpower he exerts as he holds fast on the brink over which I ’ve already fallen and I regain a bit of the present and he is slow slow rolling slow “ No … not yet …not yet … not yet … ” his mantra as the muscles on the underside of my legs aftershock to their own seismic sexuality and I breathe one two feeling that no it is n’t over not yet , not yet and I laugh through my nose as he leans in to whisper that he “ Is n’t done yet … ” and I slide .
Deeper , deeper and further .
_______________________________________________________________________________
“ You do n’t have to freak to hit the peak ” ~ Courtesy of @ BigOlPoofter , via Twitter
There has been an update with many new features .
Please read here to see what ’s new .
Also , since this tutorial , there ’s a new Twitter API , so the process for sending the tweet has changed .
Please read here to see the process .
Tweet A Sound is a desktop application that uses Twitter as a platform for sharing sonic tweets .
Pushing the idea of “ social sound design ” , Tweet A Sound allows you to design a sound and share it in a community of like - minded folks .
It is an opportunity for fun interaction with sound .
Here is an introductory video showing you how to get started with Tweet A Sound .
But remember you do n’t need to know sound to do this , half the fun is tweaking the settings without knowing what they do !
Just tweak and tweet !
Tweet A Sound : getting started tutorial from Andrew Spitz on Vimeo .
Tweet A Sound has been built in Max / MSP .
You do not need Max / MSP to run it , but for now you do need to be on Mac OS .
I hope to have a Windows version out soon .
The sound engine is based on FM Synthesis and has a waveshaper , a delay , feedback and a flanger .
You can get a ton of interesting sounds out of these .
The basics for making your tweet
In “ Monitoring ” , choose your audio driver .
Switch on the audio ( it should be on from opening ) .
Design your sound .
Log in and send your tweet .
For peace of mind , you will see the sent results .
If for some reason you ca n’t send your tweet directly from Tweet A Sound , you can hit “ copy tweet ” and copy it to Twitter yourself .
The basics for receiving a tweet
In Twitter , either search for #tas ( easy to remember , it ’s the acronym for Tweet A Sound ) or just get them through the people you ’re following .
Copy the tweet .
Paste it into the receive text box of Tweet A Sound .
Press the button and hear the sound .
For bug reports , questions , ideas , or suggestions , you can reach me at andrew [ at ] soundplusdesign [ dot ] com
Ca n’t wait to hear your tweets !
Follow me on Twitter
If anybody is into designing icons , I would really appreciate a new take on the current one .
It ’s my first attempt at designing an icon and it ’s very far from ideal .
All bow down to the internet , that which allows us all to publicise ourselves to the world .
I blogged a while ago about the guy made famous for the phrase “ Do n’t Tase Me Bro ” when he heckled a political address , which appeared to be a choreographed attempt for attention .
The power of the internet now provides the platform for anyone to have their say and be heard .
Even Ashton Kutcher is talking about social media democratising the internet .
Which brings me to the subject of this blog .
You may have read about the blogger who wrote about a fictitious pregnancy and who chose to carry her terminally ill child to term rather than have an abortion because of her deep Christian faith .
This is another example of the behaviour that the internet can drive .
The lady in question , Rebeccah Beushausen , has apologised for her actions :
In her apology , Beushausen said she began writing the story as therapy but became addicted to the attention it generated .
She said she lied “ to a community of people whose only intention was to support me through this time and that is wrong , and for that I am sorrier than you could know . ”
It is the addiction to the attention that fascinates me .
I know when I have a blog post that generates plenty on visitors and comments , I get a bit of a thrill knowing that people think I have something interesting to say .
( I hope that is why they read it 😉
Addictions can be powerful things and the internet is an ideal vehicle for addictions to be fed .
Online gambling is hugely popular ( a post I did on online poker is my most popular ! ) , and adult content is easily accessible to those who want it .
We just need to be able to tell the difference , this hoax went on for two months before being found out .
While not overly damaging , it was interesting to see some of the comments about any repercusssions :
Police Sgt. Randal Stumpf said his department was not investigating .
Don Blumenthal , an adjunct professor at the University of Michigan and Michigan State University who specializes in Internet security and cybercrime , said it ’s difficult to prosecute such cases .
It ’s hard to establish jurisdiction and even that a crime has occurred , and few people have the legal skills to prosecute such cases , said Blumenthal , who previously led the internet investigations center at the Federal Trade Commission .
“ It ’s an area of law that needs a lot of development , ” Blumenthal said .
All hail the attention seekers !
In the world of numerology , there is a special meaning for everything and it is something very important that you need to keep track of .
There are lots of people in the market , who want to really know more about this .
This is something very real and also helps us understand some special meaning with numbers .
Each number has got meaning and if that number is seen to you again and again then there is something very important , that you need to take note of .
There are many people who are very unsure about how this works ?
There are many numbers sometimes they are seen to you and one the basis of that , they move ahead .
There are many people who do not take this seriously and then regret , one should keep track of what is to be done .
This is something that one should seriously look at as it gives you some very good hidden message about the purpose of life and this is one thing that you should know .
It is something very important , that you visit mindfulness and justice , and once you do that then things will be very easy .
There are many people who are there and they allow this to take precedence in their life .
There are many people who are very confused and are looking for way to improve their life .
If you want some seriously good information on this topic , then you can visit mindfulness and justice .
One should know that different and numbers have got different meaning and we should understand this and one should clearly know what is the meaning and once you understand this , it will become much easier and you will not have any issues and it will also help in development of things .
This will give you some very good information and will let you know how things hold be done and this is something very important which you need to keep track of .
There are many people who are really very happy about this and are looking to this as a good source which can really give very good results .
So you cannot ask for something more , this is one of the best ways of getting things done and once you do that then things will be very simple and you can surely have a great time , so what are you waiting for ?
Well , this is something which is very interesting to know ,
This is about some numbers seen to them again and again and that is one thing that one must know has a special meaning and will be much easier .
There are many people who are very confused and do not know which is the main reason why this is shown to everyone and you can really change your life .
There are many options and people are looking for lots of solutions and that make the process much easier and you will not have a problem .
Angel numbers are basically on one principal , that is basically always helping the enlightenment of the spirit and this helps in long run , this is something very important and can really give very good results and is known to do well , and you will never be sad on the basis of this .
There are many people who are really helping in making the process much easier and you will never have a problem with this .
This is reminder , that people should stop focus of physical world and start focusing on other things and this is something very important that one should keep track of .
It is something that is science and is known to give very good results and once you make use of this , then you will not need to worry about anything .
Let us talk of some special number now , let us take into consideration the angel number 111 and what is does , this has got some special meaning and people who do not understand numerology will never understand what this man and this is something very important , that you need to keep track of .
There are many people who are very confused and they are looking for solutions which are really good .
If you happen to see this number everywhere and are very confused why that is happening , there is a very important meaning for that and one should not ignore anything like that , this is a serious issue and one and all should pay attention to it and once that happens , things become much easier and you will never have any issues .
This is great way of knowing that something special is there which we are missing and we need to look for solutions for getting this done , you can not ask for anything more .
If you need something unique , then you need to work hard and look for options which will help you to get the job done and once they do those then things are very simple .
If you want more if information on this subject , then you can go in for mindfulness and justice .
This number has got some special meaning like concerning to the angels and what they offer for your soul , this is something that they give us or show us for a reason and that is for a greater purpose in life or a mission and that is something very big and often gives us very good options .
This is sign that we need to do something very important and it can fetch very good results …
There are many people who are very confused and are not sure , whether this is something that is really true or just something like which they are unsure .
But if you saw and take opinion of people it will help a great this is one of the best ways to get results done and make process much easier and you will not need to worry about anything , this is something , that is really good and can give very good value for money .
Michael Jackson 's father gets interviewed .
I 'm not making a diagnosis here , I 've never heard him talk except in this interview , he could be so overcome with grief that he 's not thinking straight ...... so allowing for that , observe how he makes the interview about himself .
Narcissism does n't mean you think you 're the greatest person on earth , but rather that all things in the world are relevant only as they impact you .
The father of Michael Jackson , Joe Jackson joins us here tonight .
How are you doing , sir , how is the family holding up ?
I 'm great .
My family 's doing pretty good .
Yeah ? :
Yes they are .
The last couple of days have been really tough ... Joe : ... yes , it has been tough , really tough .
Remember , we just lost the biggest superstar in the world . : How is Mrs. Jackson ?
She 's fine , thank you . : umm ... is there anything you 'd like to share with the world about your son and his legacy ? :
Yeah , I 've got a statement here ... give me this statement ..
( publicist reads this statement while he watches : ) " Our family sincerely thanks all of you around the world for your love and support during our time of grief .
Our beloved son Michael Jackson loved you all .
Michael 's children are our first priority .
We will have further announcements to discuss our plans going forward .
Until such time however , we have the personal and legal authority to act and solely Katherine and I have authority for our son and his children .
We wish to handle his memory and legacy with dignity " ...:
How are Janet , and your wife , and the rest of your family , the daughters ?
They 're all doing fine .
But I want to make this statement .
This is a real good statement here .
Marshall and I , we own a record company called ... tell him ...
( Marshall finishes : ) " Ranch Records , it 's distributed by Blue Ray , and that 's his next step .
" That 's the next step .
It has emerged that the son of Iceland ’s Attorney General is one of two CEOs at Exista , which was one of the major stakeholders in Kaupthing Bank .
And all cases sent from Iceland ’s special banking collapse investigation committee for prosecution have to go through the Attorney General .
As a result of this ( and other prosecutors ’ ) uncomfortable family connections , the Minister for Justice is now preparing a change in the law to allow for the creation of a new State Prosecutor to deal solely with financial cases from the banking collapse committee , bypassing the Attorney General altogether .
Meanwhile , Olafur Thor Hauksson , head of Iceland ’s Special Investigation into the banking collapse , believes he needs to increase his investigatory staff by at least half , “ At the very minimum ” , Frettabladid reports .
Eva Joly agrees .
In a television interview last night , investigation advisor Eva Joly expressed her own growing displeasure at the progress of the investigations .
According to the world - renowned financial fraud investigator , the head of the investigation should be replaced with three : one for each bank .
She also said Iceland needs to employ more foreign experts to help in the investigation .
Eva Joly , who was recently elected a French Member of the European Parliament , would not discount the possibility of quitting her role in Iceland if the government fails to take more notice of her advice in the future .
( Photo of Olafur Th. Hauksson , Head Investigator )
I had to tell my daughter the truth .
At the risk of hurting my baby 's feelings , I had to tell her that the cool teenager in the ' tween - age clothing store was not really a friend .
The 16 - year - old salesclerk -- so cute , so charming -- was more interested in my 10 - year - old daughter 's wallet .
I hope I did the right thing .
' Tween Queens
Here 's the scenario :
To kill time before a movie , my daughter and I wandered into a store that targets girls ages 8 - 12 .
It 's a great concept .
Driven by Miley Cyrus -- Hannah Montana -- and other young stars , the ' tween market for merchandise is hot .
Preteen girls have allowances and a desire for cute clothes and trinkets .
As a frugal mom , I should have re-directed our window - shopping expedition .
But my daughter wanted to check out the bright store , which featured videos , magazines and other gear from various Nick Jr. and Disney stars .
Immediately , a salesgirl in a ponytail and jeans , swooped down on us .
Before I could say " bling - bling , " the cute salesclerk had picked out several outfits for my daughter , complete with a cute matching cap .
Long Lines , Short Time Frame
With our movie about to start , we did not have time for the dressing room or the lengthy cashier line .
My daughter promised to return .
After the movie , my daughter gushed about the really nice salesclerk as we ran back to the store .
( What was I thinking ?
Clearly , I had ' tween fever ! )
" She was so nice , " my daughter said .
" She spent so much time with me .
I just want to go by and say ' hi ' to her .
I promised her that I would come back after the movie . "
Shopping Reality Trip
At this point , I halted in the middle of the crowded mall .
" She 's not really your friend , " I blurted out .
" She just wants you to buy all that stuff that she picked out for you . "
" You mean she does n't really like me ? "
My daughter is visibly distressed .
I soften up and carefully select my words .
" Sure , she likes you .
But she also likes your business .
She wants you to buy those outfits .
She makes more money when you spend more money , " I said .
Reconsidering the Merchandise
When we returned to the store , my daughter made a big effort to track down and wave to the friendly salesgirl , who at this point was best - buds with another little girl and a huge stack of trendy clothing .
My daughter studied the cute plaid hat .
It was $ 15 .
I mentioned that the hat might be cheaper -- marked down -- in a few months .
But I still let her decide if she wanted to spend her hard - earned money , ( she works as a mother 's helper ) , on the little cotton cap .
My daughter returned the hat to the display .
She 'd rather save her money and besides the line was still so long .
What would you have done ?
Would you have told her the truth about the salesclerk ?
Should I have continued to let her believe that the cool clerk was a friend ?
Editor 's note : Sharon Harvey Rosenberg ( The Frugal Duchess ) will be joining Wise Bread as a full time blogger in August .
In the mean time , she 'll be dropping by with a few guest posts a week .
You can find more great tips from Sharon in her book Frugal Duchess : How to Live Well and Save Money or in Wise Bread 's new book 10,001 Ways to Live Large on a Small Budget .
Ca n't wait until August ?
Here are other great posts by Sharon on her blog The Frugal Duchess .
Enjoy !
Burgeoning numbers of Ph.D's and grad students are choosing to study pornography .
Techniques for the analysis of " objectionable images " are gaining increased attention ( and grant money ) from governments and research institutions around the world , as well as Google .
But what , exactly , does computer science have to do with porn ?
In the name of academic persuit , let 's roll up our sleeves and plunge deeply into this often hidden area that lies between the covers of top - shelf research journals .
Lena
One cannot do research in image processing without an encounter with Lena ( pronounced Lenna ) .
The image of the woman with a feathered hat has become the de-facto test image for many algorithms , and appears in thousands of articles and conference papers .
And it is of pornographic pedigree : ﻿ Alexander Sawchuk estimates that it was in June or July of 1973 when he , then an assistant professor of electrical engineering at the USC Signal and Image Processing Institute ( SIPI ) , along with a graduate student and the SIPI lab manager , was hurriedly searching the lab for a good image to scan for a colleague 's conference paper .
They had tired of their stock of usual test images , dull stuff dating back to television standards work in the early 1960s .
They wanted something glossy to ensure good output dynamic range , and they wanted a human face .
Just then , somebody happened to walk in with a recent issue of Playboy .
The engineers tore away the top third of the centerfold so they could wrap it around the drum of their Muirhead wirephoto scanner , which they had outfitted with analog - to - digital converters ( one each for the red , green , and blue channels ) and a Hewlett Packard 2100 minicomputer .
The Muirhead had a fixed resolution of 100 lines per inch and the engineers wanted a 512 x 512 image , so they limited the scan to the top 5.12 inches of the picture , effectively cropping it at the subject 's shoulders .
The rest of the story ( and the rest of Lena ) can be found here .
Indeed , the 70s marked the beginning of a long relationship between computer science and pornography .
However , after the birth of the world wide web , things really got hot and heavy .
Finding Naked People
In the 1990s the world wide web began to explode , pumping information of all kinds into the homes of the technologically savvy at rates as high as 9600 bits per second .
It was the time when search engines such as Webcrawler , Altavista , and Yahoo began the arduous task of spidering the scattered bits of information in Internet servers everywhere .
The problem was that someone might search for a completely innocuous query such as the Trojan Room Coffee Pot , and come up with images that were unexpected and inappropriate , and depending on one 's tastes , objectionable .
It 's not likely to be on his business card , but David A. Forsyth is an expert in web pornography , having served on the NRC committee for this topic .
It is evident from his web page that he has a sense of humour , which explains the superbly descriptive title for his 1996 paper , Finding Naked People .
Forsyth was one of the first researchers to study the problem of identifying objectionable content .
One of Forsyth 's research areas is tracking people in images and videos and figuring our their pose .
In the general case , the system has to cope with the fact that people can wear clothes .
It would be easier if the subjects all wore the same colour , or did n't wear anything at all .
Finding Naked People describes a way of first masking out areas of skin .
The areas are then grouped together into human figures ( visualized by drawing a stick figure on the image ) .
The crux of the paper is the grouping algorithm .
The grouper knows rules such as how limbs fit together into a body , and the fact that a person cannot have more than two arms .
Using the rules , it figures out how to superimpose a body onto the skin patches .
If it can successfully do this , the image is probably a naked person .
If it cannot , then it is probably something else , like a lamp .
Here is a visualization of the skin probability field from the paper , with the grouper output segments superimposed on top :
More probability masks can be found in Proceedings of the 4th European Conference on Computer Vision , volume II on page 598 .
Be careful -- the pages tend to stick .
It 's better with more than one Finding Naked People piqued a lot of interest in the field of objectionable images , and the skin matching idea is now the first step in many algorithms .
However , as James Ze Wang of Stanford notes , " it takes about 6 minutes on a workstation for the figure grouper in their algorithm to process a suspect image passed by the skin filter . "
In their System for Screening Objectionable Images , Wang and his colleagues describe the WIPETM method for screening content .
They use a wavelet edge detection algorithm to obtain the shape of the image .
Edge detection transforms an image into the outlines of the object .
Wavelet edge detection allows them to tune it to detect sharp or increasingly blurry edges until well - defined shapes appear .
Image moments allow one to treat any shape as a flat , physical object ( like a plate ) .
You can figure out the centre of gravity , axis of symmetry , and other properties that do n't change when you move , rotate , or change the size of the object .
This typically results in a set of 3 to 7 numbers that you can use to compare how similar shapes are .
They were used in early OCR ( optical character recognition ) algorithms circa 1962 .
Wang uses both edge detection and image moments in the analysis .
His algorithm is different from modern ones , because an image must pass a series of five YES / NO tests .
Future algorithms would combine the detectors using statistical methods and give a probability estimate .
If the image is small , it is assumed to be an icon , and allowed .
Icons ( such as a mail envelope ) were frequently used on the world wide web in the 1990s .
If the image contains few continuous tones , it is considered to be a drawing and is allowed to pass .
If a great portion of the colours of the image are human body colors , then the image is rejected as porn .
The algorithm is pretty smart -- if a patch identified as skin has lots of edges in it , it is probably not really skin and is removed from the analysis .
( This also counts as the texture matching step ) Finally , the edge ( outline ) image is converted into 21 numbers representing the translation , scale , and rotation invariant moments .
If the 21 numbers are to close to anything already in the database , the image is rejected .
Here are some examples where the algorithm fails .
We have blurred them to protect the eyes of the gentle reader .
For high resolution versions , you 'll have to refer to ﻿ Proceedings of the 4th International Workshop on Interactive Distributed Multimedia Systems and Telecommunication Services on page 20 ( the dog- eared one ) .
Getting a leg up on skin models Skin detection is an important step in porn detection , but figuring out which colours represent skin is a hard problem .
Colour depends on the lighting used in the photo , the ethnicity of the participants , and the quality and noise level .
Michael J. Jones and James M. Rehg at Compaq studied the problem in detail .
They first manually labeled hundreds of images , highlighting all the areas that were skin using a custom drawing application .
Once you have billions of pixels that you know are skin , and billions that you know are not , you can easily classify them using introductory math :
The paper describes how to find the probability function , P , using a database of images painstakingly highlighted by an army of enthusiastic research interns .
However , as a porn detector , the method needs work .
It will be obvious to anyone who has bought a digital camera recently how to improve this system .
Before reading on , can you spot the solution ?
Taking the ogle out of Google
In recent years , Google has had its hands full with the problem of pornographic imagery .
Henry A. Rowley , Yushi Jing , and Shumeet Baluja at the Mountain View campus , have developed a system that combines skin detection with a number of different features .
After applying face detection , they can deduce that the pixels around the face represent skin colour , and therefore find other skin pixels in the image .
If the face is the majority of the image , as in a portrait , the image is safe .
They use a colour histogram to detect artificial images such as screen shots .
( so dirty cartoons are safe ? ) .
Doing what only Google could , they must have set a record for the rate of pornographic analysis .
They evaluated the speed of the algorithm on a corpus of around 1.5 billion thumbnail images of less than 150x150 pixels .
" Processing the entire corpus took less than 8 hours , " the team bragged , " using 2,500 computers . "
Bags of visual words ( Arm , leg , or . . .?)
In 2008 , Thomas Deselaers et al. came up with a unique way of finding porn , from the world of artificial intelligence .
Large news databases can automatically classify news articles based on the words in them .
Articles containing the names of political figures or sports jargon can be easily categorized by machines , that do n't need to really understand what the article is about .
Techniques exist so that the machines can learn on their own which words or names are important .
The same methods can be applied to images , using visual words .
To create the visual vocabulary , they extract image patches around " points of interest " , parts of the image that are likely to contain features .
They are then scaled to a common size , and analyzed using PCA to find commonalities .
It is similar to face detection , but for things that are n't faces .
It also takes colour into account in the analysis .
Because colour is a part of the " vocabulary " already , skin detection is unnecessary .
Using this technique , Deselaers is even able to go beyond simple YES / NO classification and reach a new level of precision .
The algorithm can rate images into one of five categories of increasing levels of offensiveness , from benign , to lightly dressed , to partly nude , fully nude , and porn .
The paper contains examples from each category , and is guaranteed to offend somebody .
Corpus non indutus
At the end of the Google paper , the authors speculate on how to spur further advances : ... because of the ubiquity of the Internet , search engines , and the widespread proliferation of electronic images , adult - content detection is an important problem to address .
To improve the rate of progress in this field it would be useful to establish a large fixed test set which can be used by both researchers and commercial ventures .
Yes , bring on the grant - sponsored porn , so that researchers can make the world a better place .
But despite the years of study , one question remains unanswered : if such a corpus existed , how would we find it ?
For a good time , read this Exploiting perceptual colour difference for Edge Detection
Automatically remove wordiness from your writing
A Rhyming Engine
Automatically figure out how to pronounce words
Wavelets and Edge Detection
The Conservative backbencher John Bercow has stepped up his campaign to replace Michael Martin as Speaker of the House of Commons , emailing all 646 MPs to ask for their support and outline his " vision for the role " .
In a seven - page document , Mr Bercow sets out his credentials , saying : " I have a track record of political independence , pursue unfashionable but important causes on a non-partisan basis , and can demonstrate competence in chairing and communicating . "
Mr Bercow goes on to explain that the next Speaker " faces an unprecedented challenge ... to clean up politics " .
He addresses the expenses scandal with the insistence that Parliament should " accept external advice on a new allowances system " ; advocates an " enhanced scrutiny both of policy and of legislation " by backbenchers ; and says that the role of Speaker should be one of an " ambassador " – " both a speaker and a listener " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
After two Labour Speakers , it is thought that the next Speaker will be a Tory , but while Mr Bercow has wide support among Labour MPs , he is unpopular within his own party .
Michael Martin will leave his post on 21 June and his replacement will be chosen in a secret ballot the next day .
Umstrittene Jagd auf Internetpiraten Die Frage , wie weit die Jagd auf Internetpiraten gehen darf , wird vom Bundesgericht geklärt .
Der eidgenössische Datenschützer Hanspeter
Thür zieht das Urteil des Bundesverwaltungsgerichts weiter , womit das Vorgehen der Zuger Firma Logistep bisher geschützt wurde .
( ap ) Die Logistep AG spürt mit einer speziellen Software IP - Adressen von Computern auf , auf denen im Internet urheberrechtlich geschützte Werke illegal heruntergeladen wurden .
Die Adressen werden an die Inhaber der Urheberrechte weitergegeben , die anschliessend eine Strafanzeige gegen Unbekannt einreichen .
Das Akteneinsichtsrecht im Strafverfahren erlaubt es den Urheberrechtsinhabern zudem , die Namen der Internetpiraten ausfindig zu machen und sie auch privatrechtlich auf Schadenersatz zu verklagen .
Aus Sicht des eidgenössischen Datenschutz - und Öffentlichkeitsbeauftragten verletzt das Vorgehen von Logistep die Persönlichkeitsrechte der Betroffenen .
Die Firma lasse sich für die Arbeit entschädigen und habe deshalb ein wirtschaftliches Interesse , sagte Thür im Rahmen seiner Jahresmedienkonferenz zu dem Fall .
Ziel sei nicht die strafrechtliche Verfolgung , sondern es gehe darum , die mutmasslichen Urheberrechtsverletzer mit zivilrechtlichen Klagen zu überziehen .
Möglicherweise seien diese Forderungen aber gar nicht gerechtfertigt , da ein Computer von verschiedenen Personen genutzt werden könne .
Aus diesem Grund zieht Thür den Fall vor Bundesgericht weiter , nachdem das Bundesverwaltungsgericht seine Klage Ende Mai abgewiesen hatte .
Zwar sahen die Richter in Bern durch die Datenermittlung und die Weitergabe der IP - Adresse das Persönlichkeitsrecht der Betroffenen ebenfalls verletzt .
Sie stuften diese Verletzung aber als nicht schwerwiegend und – angesichts des überwiegenden öffentlichen und privaten Interesses – als gerechtfertigt ein .
May 21st , 2009 .
By Evelyn Pringle
On May 20 , 2009 , US Attorney General Eric Holder and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announced the creation of the Heath Care Fraud Prevention and Enforcement Action Team to take up the battle against Medicare and Medicaid fraud with senior officials from HHS and the US Department of Justice working together .
“ With this announcement , we raise the stakes on health care fraud by launching a new effort with increased tools , resources and a sustained focus by senior - level leadership , ” Attorney General Holder said in a May 20 , 2009 DOJ press release .
“ Every year we lose tens of billions of dollars in Medicare and Medicaid funds to fraud , ” he advised .
“ Those billions represent health care dollars that could be spent on medicine , elder care or emergency room visits , but instead are wasted on greed , ” Holder said .
“ This is unacceptable , and the Justice Department is committed to working with the Department of Health and Human Services to eradicate it . ”
The President ’s budget also invests $ 311 million , or a 50 % increase over 2009 funding , to strengthen program integrity activities within the Medicare and Medicaid programs .
“ Combined , the anti-fraud efforts in the President ’s budget could save $ 2.7 billion over five years by improving oversight and stopping fraud in the Medicare and Medicaid programs , including the Medicare Advantage and Medicare prescription drug programs , ” the press release states .
They are calling on Americans to visit a new website at www.hhs.gov/stopmedicarefraud or call 1-800-HHS - TIPS ( 1-800-447-8477 ) to report suspected Medicare fraud .
“ Medicare fraud schemes have grown bolder and more elaborate , resulting in billions of dollars in false billings and fraud schemes which are robbing Medicare and Medicaid blind and leaving our most vulnerable citizens at risk , ” the website advises .
“ Not only is waste , fraud and abuse taking critical resources out of our health care system , it contributes to the rising cost of health care for all Americans and harms the short - term and long - term solvency of these essential programs , ” it warns .
“ The American people are some of our best weapons in the fight against Medicare fraud , ” Sebelius said in the press release .
“ Fraud is happening in communities across the country right now and we need the American people to blow the whistle on thieves and criminals who are stealing from all of us . ”
Tags : Fraud , Medicaid , Medicare
This was posted on Thursday , May 21st , 2009 at 8:47 am and is filed under Drugs / Medical .
Feel free to respond , or trackback .
Read our comments policy .
LONDON , June 26 ( UPI ) -- British health ministers said the H1N1 flu virus is spreading too fast to be contained in London and the West Midlands .
Health officials in the two areas have been told they may have to abandon efforts to arrest the spread of the virus -- formerly called swine flu -- and concentrate on treating infected people , The Independent said Friday .
Advertisement
Healthcare providers have been instructed to give anti-viral drugs to patients showing symptoms , and have been told lab testing and tracking contacts may end , the British newspaper said .
More than 3,500 cases have been confirmed and tens of thousands more instances could emerge each week by autumn , Britain 's lead medical officer Liam Donaldson said .
He said cases likely would rise steadily though the summer , followed by an " explosive outbreak " in fall and winter .
Health Secretary Andy Burnham said two pharmaceutical houses were ready to produce a pandemic vaccine and contracts had been signed for 130 million doses .
The first doses would be delivered by Aug. 31 .
JAKARTA , Indonesia --
The United States will sign an agreement Tuesday to forgive nearly $ 30 million in Indonesian debt in return for the large Southeast Asian country agreeing to protect forests on Sumatra Island , which is home to endangered tigers , elephants , rhinos and orangutan .
The deal is the largest so - called debt - for - nature swap the U.S. government has organized so far under the U.S. Tropical Forest Conservation
Act and its first such pact with Indonesia , which has one of the fastest deforestation rates in the world , losing an area of forest the size of Switzerland annually .
Conservation International , the U.S. - based conservancy group , helped organize the deal , and has contributed $ 1 million to help reduce the debt .
" This is a huge boost for people and wildlife of Sumatra , and demonstrates a forward - looking policy on the part of the U.S. government , " said Jatna Supriatna , vice president of Conservation International Indonesia .
Under the deal , Indonesia will pay the nearly $ 30 million into a trust over eight years instead of repaying it to the U.S. government .
The trust will issue grants for critical forest conservation work in 13 forest areas in Sumatra .
The U.S. in the past has organized smaller debt - for - nature swaps with countries like Guatemala , Botswana , the Philippines and Peru . Under the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 , developing nations with a significant tropical forest , a democratically - elected government , and an economic reform agenda , are eligible for debt forgiveness in return for conservation efforts .
On the day that The Pirate Bay announced that they will be sold to a commercial company for $ 7.8 million , Tomas Wennström secured an audio interview with TPB spokesman Peter Sunde .
The interview is of great interest but raises even more questions as shockwaves continue through the P2P community .
Today it was announced that Global Gaming Factory X is in the process of acquiring The Pirate Bay for $ 7.8 m ( SEK 60 million ) .
The acquisition is scheduled to be completed by August 2009 and will see the site launch new business models to compensate content providers and copyright owners .
Tomas Wennström of What ’s Next managed to secure a recorded audio interview with The Pirate Bay ’s Peter Sunde .
In it Peter says why the site was sold , talks a little about the future for the site and touches on the huge disappointment being expressed by the site ’s fans .
It ’s a very interesting interview , although in common with everything else going on today , it raises even more questions .
Some key points from the interview :
GGF approached The Pirate Bay with a deal several weeks ago .
TPB considered GGF to be the correct company to bring the project “ to the next level ” since they did n’t feel capable of doing it themselves .
Peter said he feels that GGF share the same values as TPB .
Peter said that TPB have been approached by companies before to sell out , but they did n’t understand the value of TPB .
He said the value of the site is to be found in the userbase and nothing else .
He added that if a company is interested in buying that userbase they have to keep up spirits or they will find themselves owning something that rapidly decreases in value .
Tomas Wennström said that he found it crazy that TPB would become a listed company .
Peter responded that they think the concept is “ super funny ” and that ’s one of the main reasons they are doing this .
Peter said in the past they ’ve had to hide the financial details of the site and who is doing what “ for legal reasons ” but says that in the future there will have to be more transparency about how the operation is run , adding that people now not only have the chance to share files , but also buy shares in the site .
Peter explained that he and the original owners of TPB disposed of the site in 2006 .
He refused to name who took the site but referred to a single owner in one of his responses , using the word “ he ” .
Peter noted that the site had n’t yet been sold to GGF and the company will have to find funding inside 4 weeks .
He said he does n’t know who the financial backers are , but if GGF cannot find the money then everything goes back to exactly the way it was before .
Peter said that the perfect situation would be if the users of the site set up something to buy The Pirate Bay .
Certainly , with all the previous fund raising for buying islands etc this might have been a possibility but this has never even been put forward as an option .
The idea seems optimistic considering the backlash among the users .
Currently the site is down after suffering a minor DDoS attack , and TPB ’s TiAMO told TorrentFreak that the site ’s load balancer had crashed .
Peter says running Pirate Bay has resulted in ‘ bad pay ’ , i.e minus SEK 30 million in fines – incidentally an identical amount to the cash payment part of the deal with GGF .
Tomas Wennström put a scenario to Peter – what if GGF screws up and makes all that is good about The Pirate Bay go away – which seemed like a veiled reference to the availability of the usual TPB content .
“ I ’m agnostic about it , I think it could be true , could be faulty , but whatever happens at least something happens , which is the big thing here .
I ’d rather see The Pirate Bay die in a chance of becoming better , than just dying . ”
For the time being The Pirate Bay crew will assist the new owners in operating the site .
In addition a new tracker will be launched as well as a new torrent hosting service .
The interview can be downloaded here .
This story contains graphic details of sexual assault .
( CNN ) --
He called himself the Lion King , the emperor of Galveston , and more simply , " the government . "
Charges of sexual misconduct against Judge Samuel Kent were dropped in exchange for an obstruction plea .
At 6 - foot - 4 and more than 250 pounds , he was impossible to escape in the close quarters of an office .
And his alcohol - laden lunches could foreshadow vulgar , racist language and sexual assault .
That was the description of U.S. District Judge Samuel Kent at a hearing Wednesday before a House Judiciary Committee task force considering his possible impeachment .
The stunned hearing room was silent as two victims of Kent 's sexual misconduct detailed their personal ordeals that lasted years .
The Texas judge pleaded guilty in February to one count of obstruction of justice for lying to investigators about the sexual misconduct in his Galveston , Texas , courthouse .
It was the first case of sexual abuse against a sitting federal judge .
Though he acknowledged in his plea that the events had occurred , the charges covering the sexual misconduct itself were dropped as part of the plea agreement .
He had previously insisted the sexual events were consensual .
Kent , who turns 60 this month , was sentenced in May to 33 months in prison and ordered to surrender on June 15 .
He also was ordered to undergo treatment for alcoholism while in prison .
Both Kent and his lawyer , Dick DeGuerin , declined to appear at Wednesday 's hearing .
A statement from Kent accepted in the record said he was unable to travel to the hearing due to physical and mental problems .
In the statement he admitted to nonconsensual sexual contact with the two woman , which he said may have resulted from difficulties in dealing with the death of his first wife and other issues .
" Judge Kent and I refuse to be part of the circus , " DeGuerin said in the statement , sent by e-mail , calling the hearing an unnecessary spectacle .
" All sexual misconduct allegations against Judge Kent were dismissed in court .
The highly exaggerated , yet salacious and scandalous testimony of his former personal secretary and his former case manager is irrelevant to the grounds for impeachment and served no purpose other than to allow a few politicians to posture publicly . "
If impeached , Kent would lose his judicial salary and pension .
His letter to the task force noted that would leave him " penniless " and without health insurance .
Kent also submitted a letter Tuesday to President Obama in which he said he will resign as of June 1 , 2010 , effectively extending his salary for a year that he is scheduled to spend in prison .
Committee members expressed outrage over Kent 's request .
" Judge Kent and his lawyer are banking on the fact that impeachments take time , literally , " said Rep. Lamar Smith , R - Texas .
" Judge Kent receives $ 465 of his taxpayer - funded salary every day he remains in office .
We are here today to put an end to Judge Kent 's abuse of authority and exploitation of American taxpayers . "
But it was the emotional and sometimes halting testimony of Cathy McBroom and Donna Wilkerson that provided the most powerful evidence .
The two Texas women sat side - by - side at the witness table , never smiling , and recounted events that Kent 's guilty plea acknowledged had occurred .
Watch women testify against Kent in hearings »
" I was a seven - year victim of Sam Kent 's sexual and psychological abuse , " said Wilkerson , 45 , the judge 's personal secretary .
She said the first incident occurred on her fifth day on the job , when Kent pinned her against his office door and kissed her on the mouth .
Similar incidents , many of them much worse , occurred " once or twice a month " over the ensuing five - plus years , Wilkerson said .
It usually happened when Kent returned from long , drunken lunches , when his language would turn vulgar and racist , and included inappropriate touching and groping " outside and inside clothes " and putting her hand on his crotch , she said .
Details of what she called " worse sexual assault " were included in her written statement to judicial investigators .
McBroom , a court employee who lodged the original complaint against Kent in 2007 , described similar incidents .
She said some occurred within obvious earshot of security guards , but she believed no one would help because of Kent 's power in the courthouse .
" I even said , ' Judge , the guards are right outside .
I know they can hear us , ' " she recalled about one incident .
" He said , ' I do n't care who hears us . '
He was n't afraid of that at all , and that made me more frightened .
I guess he thought he was powerful enough that no one would come to help me , and he was right . "
Wilkerson told the committee that Kent often referred to himself as an all - powerful figure , calling himself the emperor of Galveston , the Lion King and the man wearing the horned hat .
Both women quoted Kent as frequently saying : " I am the government . "
In the most emotional moment , Wilkerson described trying to tell her teenage daughter to never endure any sexual misconduct , even if it meant harsh consequences such as losing her job .
" How could I look her in the face and tell her these things when I could n't do it myself , " she said , her voice cracking .
" So I had to come forward .
I had to do the right thing . "
Rep. Adam Schiff , D - California , who chaired the hearing , thanked both women for testifying , saying Kent would still be on the bench if they had not come forward .
He said the task force will meet soon to consider whether to recommend impeachment to the full committee .
All About U.S. House Committee on the Judiciary
Series of before and after panoramas of Imja glacier taken five decades apart highlights dramatic reduction of Himalayan ice
When Fritz Müller and Erwin Schneider battled ice storms , altitude sickness and snow blindness in the 1950s to map , measure and photograph the Imja glacier in the Himalayas , they could never have foreseen that the gigantic tongue of millennia - old glacial ice would be reduced to a lake within 50 years .
But half a century later , American mountain geographer Alton Byers returned to the precise locations of the original pictures and replicated 40 panoramas taken by explorers Müller and Schneider .
Placed together , the juxtaposed images are not only visually stunning but also of significant scientific value .
The photos have now been united for the first time in an exhibition organised by the International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development ( Icimod ) and are printed here for the first time in Britain .
The Himalaya – Changing Landscapes exhibition opened in Bonn this week as delegates gathered ifor the next round of UN talks aimed at delivering a global deal on tackling global warming .
The series of pictures tell a story not only about the dramatic reductions in glacial ice in the Himalayas , but also the effects of climate change on the people who live there .
" Only five decades have passed between the old and the new photographs and the changes are dramatic , " says Byers .
" Many small glaciers at low altitudes have disappeared entirely and many larger ones have lost around half of their volume .
Some have formed huge glacial lakes at the foot of the glacier , threatening downstream communities in case of an outburst . "
His scientific results were published in the Himalayan Journal of Sciences and he is now in the Cordillera Blanca mountains in Peru where he will replicate Schneider 's 1930 photos of glaciers .
" Much remains uncertain about the melting of glaciers and future water supplies , " he said .
" But what is certain is that by promoting the conservation and restoration of mountain watersheds we can counter many of the impacts of warming trends , by creating cooler environments , saving biodiversity and protecting water supplies . "
The effects of climate change are dramatically illustrated at the world 's " third pole " , so - called because the mountain range locks away the highest volume of frozen water after the north and south poles .
The 1956 photograph of the Imja glacier , then one of the largest glaciers at an altitude of around 5,000 m , shows a layer of thick ice with small meltwater ponds .
But by the time Byers took his shot in 2007 , much of the glacier had melted into a vast but stunning blue lake .
Today , the Imja glacier , which is just 6 km from Everest , continues to recede at a rate of 74 m a year - the fastest rate of all the Himayalan glaciers .
Nepal 's average temperature has increased by 1.5C since 1975 .
A major UN Environment Programme report last year warned that at current rates of global warming , the Himalayan glaciers could shrink from 500,000 square kilometres to 100,000 square kilometres by the 2030s - a prediction supported by the rate of retreat seen in Byers ' pictures .
Imja is one of 27 glacial lakes in Nepal classified as potentially dangerous .
If the moraines which dam the lake are breached , thousands of lives in the most densely populated Sherpa valley in Nepal are at risk from flooding and landslides .
Himalayan glaciers also feed into major Asian river systems including the Ganges , Indus , Mekong and Yangtze .
If glacial meltwaters turn to a trickle , widespread droughts will threaten the 1.3 billion people that depend on water flowing in those rivers .
Andreas Schild , the director general of Icimod , said the photographs reveal just " the tip of the iceberg " .
" Scientific evidence shows that the effects of globalisation and climate change are being felt in even the most remote Himalayan environments , " he said .
" While climate change is mostly caused by the highly industrialised parts of the world , the effects are taking their toll in the sensitive mountain areas .
The signs are visible , but the in - depth knowledge and data from the Himalayan region is largely missing .
What happens in this remote mountain region is a serious concern for the whole world . "
Senator - elect Al Franken holds a press conference outside his home after it was announced by the Minnesota Supreme Court that he won the contest for Minnesota 's remaining U.S. Senate seat .
MPR Photo / Steve Mullis
Gov. Tim Pawlenty and Secretary of State Mark Ritchie signed Al Franken 's election certificate Tuesday evening .
The certificate and cover letter will be faxed to the Secretary of the U.S. Senate this evening and the original will be sent overnight and hand - delivered to the Secretary of the U.S. Senate tomorrow .
The mood was jubilant outside Democrat Al Franken 's Minneapolis condominium late Tuesday afternoon , as curious onlookers and supporters gathered to hear the first comments by Minnesota 's long - awaited senator - elect .
" When you win an election this close , you know that not one bit of effort went to waste , " Franken said to the cheering crowd .
" I 'm not going to Washington to be the 60th Democratic senator .
I 'm going to Washington to be the second senator from Minnesota .
I can't wait to get started . "
Earlier this afternoon , Republican Norm Coleman conceded to Franken , just hours after the Minnesota Supreme Court upheld Franken 's victory in the state 's epic U.S. Senate election contest .
The election certificate signed by Gov. Tim Pawlenty and Minnesota Secretary of State Mark Ritchie .
Photo Courtesy of the Office of Minnesota Secretary of State
Franken said he received a " very gracious " phone call from Coleman , in which the two men talked about their bitterly fought campaign and recount that lasted nearly eight months .
" It was a very nice moment between two people who fought hard , " Franken said of the conversation with Coleman .
" We agreed that it is time to bring this state together . "
Coleman had hinted earlier that he might petition the case to the U.S. Supreme Court , but at a mid-afternoon press conference outside his St. Paul home Tuesday he told reporters it was time to end the long - standing race .
" I join all Minnesotans in congratulating our newest United States Senator , Al Franken , " Coleman said .
" I do n't reach this point with any big regrets .
I ran the campaign I wanted .
I conducted the legal challenge I wanted .
And I have always believed you do the best you can and leave the results up to a higher authority .
I 'm at peace with that . "
In a statement , Gov. Tim Pawlenty said he will sign the election certificate later this afternoon .
" In light of that decision and Senator Coleman 's announcement that he will not be pursuing an appeal , I will be signing the election certificate today as directed by the court and applicable law , " Pawlenty said .
Norm Coleman held a press conference at his St. Paul residence to concede the Senate race and congratulate opponent Al Franken .
On Tuesday , the Minnesota Supreme Court announced its ruling in favor of Al Franken .
MPR Photo / Steve Mullis
In its 32 - page ruling , the state 's highest court unanimously rejected Coleman 's appeal of a lower court 's ruling that put Franken ahead by 312 votes .
" We affirm the decision of the trial court that Al Franken received the highest number of votes legally cast and is entitled to receive the certificate of election as United States Senator from the State of Minnesota , " the court wrote in the order .
The court rejected all of Coleman 's arguments that sought to include more absentee ballots into the count .
The decision came after 30 days of deliberation , and nearly eight months since Minnesotans cast their ballots at the polls .
Speaking on Minnesota Public Radio , Secretary of State Mark Ritchie said his office is ready to co-sign the election certificate .
" The order said very explicitly that Al Franken received the highest number of votes cast , " Ritchie said .
" We are ready to co-sign as soon as it's prepared and signed by the governor . "
The media and a crowd of supporters gathered on the front steps of Al Franken 's Minneapolis home after it was announced by the Minnesota Supreme Court that he won the election for Minnesota 's remaining U.S. Senate seat .
MPR Photo / Steve Mullis
According to a spokesman in Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's office , Franken may be seated as early as next week .
The Senate is in recess now for the July 4 holiday .
" The Senate looks forward to welcoming Senator - elect Franken as soon as possible , " Reid said in a statement .
" After all the votes have been counted and recounted , the Minnesota Supreme Court has made the final determination that Minnesotans have chosen Al Franken to help their state and our country get back on track . "
In its order , the court found that :
1. Coleman did not establish that the lower court 's decision constituted a post-election change in standards that violates substantive due process ;
2. Coleman did not prove that either the trial court or local election officials violated the constitutional guarantee of equal protection ;
3 . The trial court did not abuse its discretion when it excluded additional evidence ;
4. Inspection of ballots is available only on a showing that the requesting party cannot properly be prepared for trial without an inspection .
Because appellants made no such showing here , the trial court did not err in denying inspection ;
5 . The trial court did not err when it included in the final election tally the Election Day returns of a precinct in which some ballots were lost before the manual recount .
After the seven - week recount contest , Coleman 's attorney had argued that the three - judge panel applied too strict a standard in deciding which absentee ballots to count , and that they did n't adhere to the Constitution in coming up with that tally .
That argument relied on the fact that poll workers rejected some ballots for reasons that were not considered grounds for rejection by poll workers in other counties .
Coleman argued that because some counties used looser standards than others , the state should now allow all ballots to be counted using those looser standards .
" The trial court found no allegations or evidence of fraud or foul play and no evidence to suggest that the Election Day totals from the precinct are unreliable , " the Supreme Court said in its order .
Throughout the recount contest , Franken attorneys argued that rejected ballots amounted to " minor variations " that are insufficient to trigger equal protection concerns .
On Tuesday , Coleman did not immediately comment on his plans for the future , although he has n't publicly ruled out a run for governor in 2010 .
( Reporters Tom Scheck and Mark Zdechlik contributed to this report . )
Page 1 of 2 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] >>
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-06-04 01:38 pm ( UTC )
It 's the end of an era !
When 's Beartato getting back from space camp ?
From : thebigbadbutch
2009-06-04 01:39 pm ( UTC )
I am concerned RudL might come back with a vengeance
From : demongoldfish
2009-06-04 01:42 pm ( UTC )
i'd love to see a comic about " ragnol "
or at least a picture
From : speaker
2009-06-04 01:51 pm ( UTC )
Ragnol has always ben my favrite charactr
From : cmysto02
2009-06-04 02:04 pm ( UTC )
Soooo .
What is the rent on that dog house like ?
From : j1n3
2009-06-04 02:14 pm ( UTC )
you DO like farwell parties , dont you ?
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-06-04 03:46 pm ( UTC )
EDIT EDIT EDIT
I 'm hungry too !
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-06-04 06:57 pm ( UTC )
Re : EDIT EDIT EDIT YOUR FACE
From : giraffe63
2009-06-04 04:08 pm ( UTC )
I 'm loving the daily - ness of these comics so much that I will marry it .
And give birth to several of its children .
From : westival
2009-06-04 04:18 pm ( UTC )
I hope everyone realizes that the banner is misspelled !
You know how it is !
From : seakae
2009-06-04 05:27 pm ( UTC )
It was all worth it for " RUDL . "
From : tmbg13
2009-06-04 05:53 pm ( UTC )
Phone number : Yes
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-06-04 06:56 pm ( UTC )
Thanks Nedroid !
I now know how to proceed with the wedding .
From : dwimmer
2009-06-04 07:32 pm ( UTC )
LEGAL BUREAUCRACY : IT DOES GOOD
From : claeric
2009-06-04 08:40 pm ( UTC )
Rudy finally faced right ! :O
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-06-04 10:37 pm ( UTC )
I had been hoping that you would be doing a guest strip at Tiny Kitten Teeth ever since I saw that they were doing a run of them .
You did not disappoint , sir .
Country music is a uniquely American style of music that does n’t seem to be as well liked as it used to be in popular American culture anymore .
MyComputerNinja.com owner and chief contributor Jon Steege has something to say about that .
Jon was raised listening to country music , and although his musical taste now differs significantly , he still maintains a collection of Country Music that even the most “ Country Music Averse ” should find entertaining .
Some of the songs in the list may not quite fit the country music genre precisely , with Rockabilly or Honky Tonk possibly being a better description for some of the songs , but most are distinctly country music and are performed by distinctly country music artists .
Below is his collection of 20 songs that even non-country music fans can get into .
But first , a small history of where country music came from .
Many say that origins are related to the real cowboys of the old west , herding cattle long distances , over dangerous terrain to take them to market .
At night , the cowboys would sing to their cattle to help keep them calm .
Over time , these songs evolved , and some of them made it to the new - for - the - time radio stations that sprung up across the United States .
Stations in the south seemed to have the most success with country music , with Nashville , Tennessee eventually rising to the center of the country music world .
Stars Like Hank Williams , Roy Clark , Jimmy Dean , and Patsy Cline all helped move the genre into the mainstream , where it still resides as one of the major genres in the United States .
Without further adue , here is the MyComputerNinja.com 20 !
Take Me Home , Country Roads – John Denver
Be prepared to cry on this one ,
It is a folky country song that will make you feel sentimental if you moved from somewhere small to somewhere big .
The song is about the return of a person to his or her hometown after being gone a long time , and the beauty of the area in which the person is traveling through to get home .
John Denver and a woman named Taffy Nivert are the vocalists in the original song , which garnered a 5 minute standing ovation the first time it was ever played live .
While most readers of this list may have heard this song before , it stands as one of the all time country greats in my mind , so it has to be included .
John Deere Green – Joe Diffie .
This song is probably the most “ Redneck ” song on the list , using “ Redneck ” in an endearing way .
The story goes that a man named “ Billy Bob ” , in order to profess his love to his sweetheart Charlenne , climbed a water tower in the town and painted a giant heart on the tower with “ Billy Bob Loves Charlenne ” in white letters .
The only minor problem is that the heart was painted in John Deere Green instead of a much more widely acceptable and traditional red color .
Everybody in the town poked fun at Charlenne because of her boyfriend ’s color choice , but she simply said she kinda liked it .
The inclusion of this song in the list was a tricky one .
It is easily the newest song on the list , and newer country tends to be pretty , how do you say … slimy .
If you can get past the slime factor , you will probably enjoy this song simply for what it is .
It ’s Only Make Believe – Conway Twitty .
Alright , firmly into the older country that makes up most of the rest of this list is Conway Twitty with a great country love song of sorts .
I do n’t know whether it is accurate to call this a love song , because it is more of an infatuation song .
In it , Twitty sings of a woman who he likes very much , but does n’t actually have a relationship with .
It ’s a really sad song if you think about it too hard , but its a great song with a great country piano part going in the background otherwise .
In the beginning of the song , the piano kicking in is a great hook .
It ’s like the piano is crying right along with the lead singer .
Jolene – Dolly Parton .
You may have heard the name Dolly Parton a time or two , but how many of you know she was a country singer , first and foremost ?
Not only that , she was a very popular country singer , with one of her first big hits being this song .
“ Jolene ” is about a girl and her girlfriend who have some issues over who has “ rights ” to a particular man .
In the song , Parton sings that the other woman is much prettier than she is .
The jealousy that permeates this song is a good contrast to the Conway Twitty song above , because it ’s one that I am sure the ladies can relate to on some level .
Dolly Parton ’s career kinda died out in the ’ 80 ’s around when breast implants were invented and country music started to become strongly commercialized and watered down , but this song stands as one of the great country songs none the less .
Powered by Adsense Deluxe Revived
Fancy – Reba McEntire .
This song was originally performed by Bobby Gentry , an extremely popular artist in the 60’s on through to the late 70’s .
This particular version , however , was made popular by Reba McEntire in 1990 and in my humble opinion , this version of the song is a whole lot better than the original .
This is probably one of the newest songs on the list , aside from John Deer Green , though I think it warrants a place on this list because it is a great story of triumph for the main character in the song , despite horrible upbringing circumstances .
The song is pretty scandalous as well , because in it the main character could be described as a courtesan of sorts .
It is one of the few country songs from the late ’ 80s and early nineties that kinda stuck with me in theme to some extent all these years .
That theme being no matter what your roots or where you came from , you can make something of yourself .
Of course , being an escort by the name of “ Fancy ” is not what I am referring to in this context , but you get the point .
The Ride – David Allen Coe. David Allen
Coe is certainly one of the more controversial artists on this list .
Coe was part of the country outlaw movement that came out of the 60’s and 70’s .
Country outlaw is a style of country music which glorifies drug use , running from the law , and other themes not typically found in the popular country of the day .
The lyrics in this sub - genre of country would be at home in any punk band ’s repertoire .
More popular singers in the country outlaw movement include Johnny Cash , Waylon Jennings , Kris Kristopherson , and Willie Nelson , among many others .
While not readily evident in this particular song , the outlaw theme is alive and well in the opening few lines of the song , where Coe mentions “ thumbing from Montgomery ” , hitchhiking being a common undertaking amongst those adverse to the danger of such an activity .
Well , in the song , Coe then sings about a mysterious man in an antique Cadillac that picked him up .
He and the stranger exchanged a few words about how to be a success in country music , and also the emotion that goes into writing a good song .
Well , the stranger in the Cadillac had a sudden change of heart in his direction of travel , and drops Coe off .
Before the stranger left ,
Coe expressed his thanks for the ride , in which the stranger replies “ You do n’t have to call me Mr. , Mr , the whole world calls me Hank ” , a reference to the then deceased Hank Williams , one of the most famous country singers of all time .
Coe often used associations to other famous Country singers of the time , which is evident in many of his songs .
One of the more famous songs by Coe is one in which he refuses to call Hank Williams Jr. “ Junior ” any more because his father had recently passed and Hank Junior was a much bigger man than Coe himself .
Smoky Mountain Rain – Ronnie Milsap .
Just like previous song , hitchhiking is a big part of this song .
In the beginning we come to hear the words of a person trying to get from Knoxville , TN .
It is raining outside and the singer runs to a phone booth to call the woman he is going home to after being gone a long time , in order to let her know he is coming home , but she is gone .
Not just gone , but no forwarding address , long gone type of gone .
The singer is overcome with sadness , losing the person he clearly wants to be with , and to boot it is raining .
It ’s pretty much the worst scenario I could imagine , and Milsap really makes you feel it in this song .
It is probably one of the saddest country love songs I can think of .
Coal Miners Daughter – Loretta Lynn .
Coal mining and mining in general are popular themes in Country songs , and this is one of the best mining songs .
Loretta ’s father was employed by the Van Leer coal mine in Van Leer , Kentucky , and in the song she sings about how hard her father worked to make sure the family was taken care of .
A strong theme in country music is how hard people work to earn a living , and this song benefits strongly from it .
Loretta Lynn has a beautifully distinct voice , a haunting combination of southern drawl and crystal clear tone .
Interestingly , she is the sister of country singer Crystal Gayle , and is also cousin to country singer Patty Loveless .
Mama Tried – Merle Haggard
Mothers are a common topic of country songs , and this one is about a man ’s mother trying to keep him on the straight and narrow and out of trouble , a task she ultimately fails at .
The singer in the song reminisces about his mother trying to keep him on the right track , and recognizes it is not her fault for the direction his life took .
Merle Haggard is one of the many Country Outlaws on this list , and this song is true to that theme .
This song has the best beginning few measures of any of the songs on this list , instantly recognizable even in the loudest of environments .
My favorite line ?
“ I turned 21 in prison , doin ’ life without parole .
No one could steer me right , but Moma tried . ”
Big Iron – Marty Robbins .
Outlaw themes were very popular in earlier country music , and one of the best among them is the story of the man with a “ Big Iron ” on his hip .
The story goes that a stranger rode into the town Agua Fria with a large pistol at his side and not much else .
The townsfolk , not knowing who this guy was at first , thought the man was an outlaw , though he did n’t cause much commotion .
Some time elapses and people of the town learn that he is not an outlaw , but an Arizona Ranger .
He has come to town after a well known outlaw named Texas Red .
Texas
Red is known to have 20 notches on his pistol , one each for the men he has killed even though he himself is only 24 years old .
Well , there is an epic gun fight at the end of the song , and I wo n’t give it away , but one of the men drew so fast , that the other man did n’t even get his gun out of the holster before he was killed !
Starkville City Jail – Johnny Cash
In the first of a few songs on this list sung by Johnny Cash , the country outlaw theme is alive and well .
In it , Cash describes getting wrongfully arrested in Starkville , MS for violating curfew and picking flowers .
This song was recorded for the first time in a performance at San Quentin Prison , one of many performances
Cash made in prisons around the country , as part of his advocacy for the proper treatment of prisoners .
The song makes a few digs at the police for throwing him in jail without taking his name , and then giving him the flower he picked back in the morning , all of which surely got the prisoners Cash was singing to a little riled up .
Starkville , MS now has a flower picking festival in Cash ’s honor , which many see as a posthumous pardon for the incarceration of Cash .
Powered by Adsense Deluxe Revived
Crazy – Patsy Cline .
Patsy Cline was one of the earliest popular female country stars .
The song Crazy helped rocket her to stardom in the late ’ 50’s .
The song , mostly of a woman lamenting how she is crazy for loving her partner , has a tone that makes it seem as though things are n’t so great between the 2 lovers .
This is yet another great country Piano song , with not many other instruments beside the iconic singers voice and some drums .
It is one of those songs that has more than one meaning to different people .
Some people see the song as a triumph of the woman ’s spirit and loyalty to her companion , while likely many more feel the song is more of an “ I told you so ” sort of song .
All around , it is just unfortunate that Cline had a very short and horribly unlucky life .
She was nearly killed in a car crash in 1961 , and eventually died in a plane crash only 2 years later in Camden , TN at the age of only 30 .
Cline and Loretta Lynn were great friends in life , and Loretta owed much of her early success to the promotion on behalf of Patsy Cline .
Big Bad John – Jimmy Dean .
In keeping with Country songs with a mining theme , Big Bad John is one of my personal favorites .
The story goes that every morning a very sturdy , somewhat intimidating man by the name of John would arrive at the local coal mine .
No one seemed to talk to Big Bad John , and there was some speculation that he killed a man over a woman in New Orleans .
Regardless of his background , everyone seemed to be afraid of him .
Well , one day , the miners hear a rumble in the mine , which usually meant death or entrapment and starvation were soon to follow .
Well , the mine started to collapse , but before it did , Big John was able to prop up the roof of the mine long enough for 20 miners to escape .
The miners , at this point realize that only big john is left in the bottom of the mine , but they could do nothing to save him .
The mine collapsed further , and Big Bad John never made it out .
The miners just placed a tombstone in front of the entrance of the mine .
Jimmy Dean has many classic country hits , and this is one of my all time favorites , by far .
Mammas Do n’t Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys – Willie Nelson Willie Nelson is one of the greats in country music that has n’t made it on this list yet .
So here he is , with one of my most favorite songs .
The song is a a brooding tune , warning mothers not to let their children become cowboys .
It is n’t expressly a warning to forbid them from becoming cowboys , it is simply an explanation of the attributes that cowboys sometimes express in their personality that may or may not be desirable .
In my opinion its a great song because it hits close to home .
The influence was strong in my family to become a cowboy or farmer of some sort early on , but this song helps clarify that it may not be for everyone .
My favorite line is “ If you do n’t understand him , and he do n’t die young , he ’ll probably just ride away “ .
White Lightning – George Jones
What can I say about this song .
I love it , for one .
It is all about a farmer making “ White Lightning ” , a form of moonshine , from his corn crop .
People came from all around to try out this powerful stuff , and most had a rough go of it .
This particular song was actually written by the man known as “ The Big Bopper ” , J.P. Richardson , who can be heard singing harmony in the chorus .
As with most of the music crowd at the time , George Jones had his battles with drugs and alcohol .
At one point , he earned the nickname “ No Show Jones ” because he missed 54 live performances in a single year .
Jones has been repeatedly voted one of the best country music voices of all time , and deserves at least one spot on this list .
I love George Jones older music , and some of his newer stuff is pretty good and ballad -y , but for me , nothing can replace the rockabilly style of early George Jones .
Sixteen Tons – Tennessee Ernie Ford .
Some may think that Johnny Cash had the deepest voice in all of country music .
Whether or not he did is not for me to decide , but I can tell you the man that would give Cash some competition in that area would be Tennessee Ernie Ford .
Ford had a deep bellowing voice that provided this song with an aggressive and haunting tone .
Once again we see the “ coal mining as occupation ” theme in this song , but this time there are some underlying Pro – Labor themes as well .
The chorus from the song is “ You load 16 tons and what do you get , another day older and deeper in debt , St . Peter do n’t you call me cause I ca n’t go , I owe my soul to the company store . ”
This is a protest to the old days when companies provided housing and food to its workers .
The workers would work for low wages , and end up needing food that was purchased at the company store .
During hard times , the company store may allow the workers credit to get what they need until the next paycheck .
You can see how this becomes a vicious cycle that is n’t easily broken without a increase in pay that may never come .
Your Cheatin’ Heart – Hank Williams Sr. No top country music chart would exclude the man who really got the country seen kicked off .
In this song , a classic done by many others , but never equaled , the main character talks of his significant others tendency to be unfaithful and the guilt that may well ensue as a result of that unfaithfulness .
Released post - mortem , the song quickly rocketed to the top of the country charts and stayed there for nearly 6 weeks .
The song was recorded in the last recording session Williams ever had and was released after his death in 1953 .
The story of Williams death is intriguing as well .
Having not been able to fly to a performance destination , Williams instead hired a chauffeur to get him to the performance .
He was last seen leaving Knoxville , TN in a Cadillac , and the story goes just before leaving he took morphine and vitamin B12 .
The 17 year old chauffeur pulled over at a service station in the middle of the night and discovered Williams was rigid and unresponsive .
Upon further inspection , it was discovered that he had actually died partway through the trip .
To this day , there is a lot of controversy about the exact circumstances of his death , but they may never be truly known .
Nevertheless , Williams was around long enough to have a couple kids , one of which grew up to be a famous country star under the same name , Hank Williams Jr .
Wreck of the old 97 – Johnny Cash .
This song is great because it combines all the best elements of country with a folky upbeat tune , and a true story of the southern railway ’s train by the name of “ Old 97 ” , which crashed in Danville , Virginia on Sept 27th , 1903 .
As the story goes , the engineer Joseph A. “ Steve ” Broadey , en route to Spencer , North Carolina from Monroe , Virginia running the “ fast mail ” for the USPS , discovered he was over an hour late running the mail .
The “ fast mail ” had a reputation for NEVER being late , and thus , the 1 hour had to be made up .
Well , you can listen to the song to hear how the story unfolds , but the poor people on Old 97 did n’t make it out alive .
This song is not a Cash original , but it is easily the best version by far .
City Of New Orleans – Willie Nelson
This is one of the great country harmonica tunes , by one of the great Country singers of all time .
This song is not a Nelson original , but he did help popularize it with his unique voice .
In the song , the subject is a train ride on a train called the “ City Of New Orleans ” .
The train ride travels through a large portion of the united states , starting in Illinois and winding its way south , where Nelson sings about the sights he observes along the way .
The song is so full of imagery , it gives a good feeling of what it must have been like to ride on an old train back when it was a revolutionary form of transportation .
Nelson has been one of the mainstays of country music since the very beginning .
At 76 years old , he still tours frequently and is very involved in politics .
He is one of the last few true original Country Outlaws left alive .
A Boy Named Sue – Johnny Cash .
Johnny Cash is the greatest country music artist to ever roam this rock we call earth .
Known as “ The man in black ” , his enchantingly deep voice coupled with his uncanny ability to write or sing a song in a way that just clicks with people , often containing memorable stories to a catchy beat are what makes Johhny Cash ’s music the best .
This song was actually written by famous poet Shel Silverstein , which is a somewhat unusual departure for Cash .
In the song , a story is told by a man from his point of view , the man having an unusual first name “ Sue ” .
In it , Sue talks about the hardship imparted on him by the strange name , and his search for his no good father who gave him that awful name .
Lo and behold , he walks into a bar in Gatlingburg , TN and finds his father .
Upon finding him , he exclaims “ My name is SUE , HOW DO YOU DO ? NOW YOUR GONNA DIE ! ” , and the two men start fighting .
The fight was nearly over , when Sue ’s dad finally tells him why he gave him that name .
I wo n’t give away the resolution , in case you have not heard it , so click on the link and listen already !
Disclaimer :
This list is by no means comprehensive !
If you have a great country song you think I missed that you think would fit well in this list , post it up in the comments .
I would love to hear them !
Powered by Adsense Deluxe Revived
This is a guest post by Anum Lodhi , who has great interest in software designing
Just as you require a blueprint to build a house , you will need a database blueprint in order to implement a database successfully .
The process of the construction of the latter is called the ‘ Designing Phase ’ which includes a number of heavy steps for the end - product to be flexible .
This phase actually defines the information (+ its structure ) that will go into the database , the assumptions made related to the type or values of the data items and the relationship between the data items within the database .
All professional companies use this procedure design their database and its the most efficient way .
It includes four steps :
1. Requirement Analysis
The database requirements are determined .
The exact requirement of the user from the system is captured .
All the relevant information related to the system is gathered .
The six most common techniques are :
Sampling of existing documentation , forms , databases
Research and site visits
Observation of the work environment
Questionnaires
Prototyping - build a small model of the user ’s requirement to verify before hand
Joint Requirements Planning ( JRP ) - group meetings are conducted to analyze existing problems
2. Entity Relationship Diagram ( ERD )
ERD is a high level notation for expressing database designs .
It graphically defines the structure of the database in a very simple and understandable manner through the use of symbols .
The information gathered during the ‘ Requirement Analysis ’ step is transformed into an ERD ( Entity Relationship Diagram ) that is the data is organized into entities and relationships between them .
So instead of going through a lengthy piece of material , we have a pictorial representation of the same piece of information which is easier to read .
A sample ER Diagram is this :
( image courtesy Wikipedia )
Various data modeling languages can be used to create an ERD like crow ’s foot notation , Chen notation , IDEFIX ( Integration Definition For Information Modeling ) , Shading notation , Bachman notation , UML ( Unified Modeling Language ) standard etc.
Wikipedia has a good page about ER diagrams here
3. Relational Model
It is very easy to understand the scenario from an ERD , but the latter is very weak from the implementation point of view .
Concepts of subclasses ( IS - A structures ) and relationships , for example , cannot be implemented in the database directly .
At this point relational model comes into play .
A relational model employs a single concept of tables ( also called relations ) .
The entity sets and the relationships depicted in the ERD are converted into tables –a relational model .
There are five steps for the conversion :
Turn each non -weak entity set into its corresponding table with the same set of attributes
Replace a relationship by a relation whose attributes are the keys of the connecting entity sets
Some relations can do well if combined or excluded .
For example the supporting relationships ( for weak entity sets ) need not to be converted to relation at all .
Replace a weak entity set by a relation whose attributes are its own attributes ( if any ) plus the borrowed attributes that help to make its primary key .
Convert the subclass structures using the object oriented approach , E/R style conversion or null values .
Explanation of converting ER diagram to relationship model has vast concepts that will not be covered in this post .
There are many good books and online resources available that makes it easy to understand .
For an overview consider this example that I have taken from Wikipedia :
An idealized , very simple example of a description of some relvars and their attributes :
Customer ( Customer ID , Tax ID , Name , Address , City , State , Zip , Phone )
, Tax ID , Name , Address , City , State , Zip , Phone ) Order ( Order No , Customer ID , Invoice No , Date Placed , Date Promised , Terms , Status )
, , , Date Placed , Date Promised , Terms , Status ) Order Line ( Order No , Order Line No , Product Code , Qty )
, , , Qty ) Invoice ( Invoice No , Customer ID , Order No , Date , Status )
, , , Date , Status ) Invoice Line ( Invoice No , Invoice Line No , Product Code , Qty Shipped )
, , , Qty Shipped ) Product ( Product Code , Product Description )
In this design we have six relvars : Customer , Order , Order Line , Invoice , Invoice Line and Product .
The bold , underlined attributes are candidate keys .
The non-bold , underlined attributes are foreign keys .
4. Normalization
Normalization is a process of increasing the normal form rating .
It primarily eliminates the following dependencies in order to avoid redundancies and data anomalies :
Partial dependency : based on part of the primary key
Transitive dependence : based on an attribute that is not part of the primary key
The first three forms of normalization are :
1NF Lowest implementable normal form
Primary key entity integrity requirements are met
Each cell contains a single value
Non-Primary key values are dependent on the primary key 2NF All 1NF conditions are met
Partial
dependencies are removed 3NF
All 2Nf conditions are met
Transitive dependencies removed
Higher forms up to 5NF and BCNF ( Boyce - Codd Normal Form ) also exist .
Normalization can be applied in two ways :
Normal forms applied after the relational model is created
The third step is skipped and the creation of tables is done with the normalization in consideration directly
daleeman blog has a very good post about database normalization .
Read : practical application of database normalization that will help you understand database normalization in detail .
Get the latest itil v3 dumps for easy and quick exam preparation !
Using oracle certification dumps not only you will reduce exam stress but it also provide guaranteed success in real exam .
Gorbachev helped destroy the Soviet Union by borrowing abroad and printing money to paper over the need for fundamental reform .
How familiar does that sound ?
Simon Johnson has an interesting piece today about how to make it sound less familiar .
His three - point plan is : Raise interest rates , begin to wean ourselves off Saudi oil , and bring the deficit down to about 5 % GDP by next year .
Hold it , five percent by 2010 ?
You 've got to be joking .
Here 's a map of the CBO projected budget deficit as a percent of GDP ( via WSJ ) :
In 2010 , the CBO projects a budget deficit that appears to be 10 percent of our GDP .
Simon Johnson wants to cut that in half .
That 's a great idea .
It 's also a $ 700 billion idea .
Where are we going to find that kind of money ?
Cutting $ 700 billion from an economy emerging from a recession is going to be painful , wherever you find the fat .
So why not cut the freshest meat and seriously consider not spending most of the stimulus bill ?
I know , I know :
It 's a stimulus bill , we 're in a recession , what am I thinking ?
A January CBO report estimated that " only about $ 136 billion of the $ 355 billion that House leaders want to allocate to ... discretionary programs would be spent by Oct. 1 , 2010 . "
If Bernanke 's right that the economy will trace the bottom of the U ( or V , or whatever ) late this fall , do we really need to see the stimulus coffer emptied 12 months later , especially with the $ 3 - plus trillion budget being allocated to many overlapping areas like infrastructure ?
How did aging evolve ?
Some evolutionary theories invoke tradeoffs between maintenance / repair and reproduction .
Others postulate that genes that cause age - related decline can be positively selected , so long as these same genes confer a fitness advantage early in life .
A common feature of these theories is that they operate at the level of the individual organism , rather than the species .
Models based on group selection usually have logical problems .
For example , suppose that aging evolved in order to eliminate post - reproductive old organisms to preserve resources for the reproductively competent young .
This is circular :
Why are the old organisms were post - reproductive in the first place ?
i.e. , the model presupposes some age - related decline in organ system function in order to rationalize the evolution of aging .
OK , so suppose that the old remain fertile , but eliminate themselves to avoid competition with their own offspring ; reproductive senescence then evolves later since there ’s no positive selection pressure for maintaining reproductive function over the long term .
Problem :
What ’s the point ?
If both old and young are making copies of the same genes , there ’s no fitness advantage in eliminating the old — especially in light of the fact that most of the offspring ’s competition would be coming not from their own parents and grandparents but from more distantly related members of the same species .
( And in sexual organisms , you are a better copy of your own genes than your offspring , who have only half of your alleles .
Far better to stick around and show the kids how it ’s done , than ride off into the sunset to clear the path for these dilutions of oneself . )
Group selection of aging is also vulnerable to “ defectors ” — mutants who take advantage of the situation to spread their own selfish genes .
Suppose that there is some species - level advantage to aging , such that it emerges as a positively selected trait .
As organisms age , they actively decrease their own viability in such a way that they have an increased mortality .
The species benefits ( somehow ) at the cost of the individual fitness of these “ cooperators . ”
But then along comes a defector mutant , who does n’t age and continues to reproduce while the cooperators are pushing up the daisies .
Unless the species - level advantage is overwhelming , it ’s clear that the defector trait will spread within the population .
Ultimately , then , the reason why group selection models do n’t satisfactorily explain the evolution of aging is that it ’s hard to imagine a scenario in which a species - level advantage conferred by aging could outweigh the organism - level advantage conferred by not aging .
Such a scenario might now have been imagined .
Mitteldorf and Pepper postulate that senescence could have evolved in order to prevent the spread of disease epidemics in populations :
Senescence as an adaptation to limit the spread of disease Population density is a robust measure of fitness .
But , paradoxically , the risk of lethal epidemics which can wipe out an entire population rises steeply with population density .
We explore an evolutionary dynamic that pins population density at a threshold level , above which the transmissibility of disease rises to unacceptable levels .
Population density can be held in check by general increases in mortality , by decreased fertility , or by senescence .
We model each of these , and simulate selection among them .
In our results , senescence is robustly selected over the other two mechanisms , and we argue that this faithfully mirrors the action of natural selection .
This picture constitutes a mechanism by which senescence may be selected as a population - level adaptation in its own right , without mutational load or pleiotropy .
The mechanism closely parallels the ‘ Red Queen hypothesis ’ , which is widely regarded as a viable explanation for the evolution of sex .
OK , so , how might this work ?
Epidemiology is , by definition , a population - level issue , and there ’s already precedent for selection pressure based on disease susceptibility guiding evolution at the species level ( e.g. , the diversity of major histocompatibility loci ) .
The trick is to get the pressures at the individual and group levels to point in the same direction :
If I ( an organism ) am more susceptible than average to a given disease , and that susceptibility has a genetic component , then my closest relatives ( who share most of my genes ) are likelier than the general population to be susceptible as well .
Therefore , my continued existence poses a risk for my progeny , because I represent one more potential host for a pathogen that might infect them – potentially killing us all and ending the line altogether .
One way to deal with that problem is to eliminate hosts , and the authors ’ model shows that senescence is a reasonable way to achieve that end .
Mitteldorf , J. , & Pepper , J. ( 2009 ) .
Senescence as an adaptation to limit the spread of disease Journal of Theoretical Biology DOI : 10.1016/j.jtbi.2009.05.013
# 328464 +( 12452 ) - [ X ]
SparTacus ( rulimbaww@3B942731.dsl.stlsmo.swbell.net ) has joined # santcuary
* SparTacus is now known as Betty_Guns
wacko Jacko ( lbeedy@1C57684.dsl.stlsmo.swbell.net ) has joined # santcuary
< wacko_Jacko>ok spartacus just came n here i know it .
which one of you is that loser ?
< hunney >
I am spartacus
< ji_pper > no im spartacus
< Betty_Guns > I am spartacus
< mistr andersn>Im spartacus
< wacko_Jacko>ur all freaks thats what u r
Some helpful data from Thomson Reuters regarding debt issuance under FDIC ’s Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program .
This is as of July 16th , and it ’s only for longer maturity debt .
It excludes commercial paper , of which Goldman has about $ 6 billion out and GE has $ 20 billion out , for instance .
Total issuance according to FDIC was $ 339 billion at the end of June .
Click on the table to enlarge in new window
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday it had contacted the social networking service Twitter to urge it to delay a planned upgrade that would have cut daytime service to Iranians who are disputing their election .
A demonstrator shows a picture of former presidential candidate Mirhossein Mousavi during a rally in support of Mousavi in western Tehran June 15 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Caren Firouz
Confirmation that the U.S. government had contacted Twitter came as the Obama administration sought to avoid suggestions it was meddling in Iran ’s internal affairs as the Islamic Republic battled to control deadly street protests over the election result .
Twitter and Facebook have been used as a tool by many young people to coordinate protests over the election ’s outcome .
President Barack Obama said earlier on Tuesday he believed “ people ’s voices should be heard and not suppressed ” in Iran .
Obama , who has sought direct engagement with Iran , also said he did not want to be seen as “ meddling ” in Iranian internal affairs , given the two countries ’ rocky history .
But his spokesman Robert Gibbs said Obama has “ deplored and condemned the violence that we ’ve seen , and underscored that the world is seeing in Iran a yearning for change . ”
Twitter Inc said in a blog post it delayed a planned upgrade because of its role as an “ important communication tool in Iran . ”
The hour - long maintenance was put back to 5 p.m. EDT / 2100 GMT , which corresponds to 1:30 a.m. on Wednesday in Iran .
The upgrade originally had been planned for Monday night in the United States , which would have cut daytime service in Iran on Tuesday .
The State Department declined to give immediate details of the contact with Twitter , which has been used particularly by young urban Iranians who are disputing President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s re-election last Friday .
“ We highlighted to them that this was an important form of communication , ” said a State Department official of the conversation the department had with Twitter officials .
Any sign of U.S. involvement in the actions of Twitter or any other social networking service could be seized on by Iran as U.S. interference in the electoral process .
Iranian officials declared that Ahmadinejad defeated his more moderate challenger , former prime minister Mirhossein Mousavi , in last Friday ’s election , triggering massive street protests by Iranians questioning the election ’s legitimacy .
State Department spokesman Ian Kelly strongly rejected that contacts to Twitter amounted to meddling in Iranian internal affairs .
“ This is about giving their voices a chance to be heard .
One of the ways that their voices are heard are through new media , ” Kelly told reporters .
He said there were contacts with Twitter over the weekend .
( CNN ) -- Four Iranian footballers have been " retired " from the national side after protesting against the contested election result in the country during a match against South Korea , according to media reports .
Members of Iran 's national soccer team sported green armbands in their game against South Korea .
The players drew attention to the situation in Iran by wearing green armbands during last week 's World Cup qualifying match in Seoul .
Green was the color used by opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi during his campaign for the presidency and has been widely worn by supporters protesting since Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was announced the winner .
Six players wore the armbands during the first half of the match , returning in the second minus the accessories .
However , according to Iranian news reports four players -- Ali Karimi , 31 , Mehdi Mahdavikia , 32 , Hosein Ka'abi , 24 and Vahid Hashemian , 32 -- have been " retired " from the sport following the gesture .
The pro-government newspaper , Iran , reported the players had received the equivalent of a life ban .
Ahmadinejad is a known football fan , and has taken a keen interest in the national team 's affairs .
On June 14 he compared protesters in Tehran to fans of a losing football team .
In 2006 Iran was banned from international competition for a short time by the world governing body FIFA after claims of improper interference by his government .
All About Iran • Mir Hossein Moussavi • Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
More and more , it looks like the same old melody that Bush 's lads used to sing .
We 're not against the Muslim world .
In fact , we are positively for it .
We want you to have democracy , up to a point .
We love Arab " moderates " and we want to reach out to you and be your friends .
Sorry about Iraq .
And sorry – again , up to a point – about Afghanistan and we do hope that you understand why we 've got to have a little " surge " in Helmand among all those Muslim villages with their paper - thin walls .
And yes , we 've made mistakes .
Everyone in the world , or so it seems , is waiting to see if this is what Barack Obama sings .
I 'm not sure , though , that the Arabs are waiting with such enthusiasm as the rest of the world .
I have n't met an Arab in Egypt – or an Arab in Lebanon , for that matter – who really thinks that Obama 's " outreach " lecture in Cairo on Thursday is going to make much difference .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They watched him dictate to Bibi Netanyahu – no more settlements , two - state solution – and they saw Bibi contemptuously announce , on the day that Mahmoud Abbas , the most colourless leader in the Arab world , went to the White House , that Israel 's colonial project in the West Bank would continue unhindered .
So that 's that , then .
And please note that Obama has chosen Egypt for his latest address to the Muslims , a country run by an ageing potentate – Hosni Mubarak is 80 – who uses his secret police like a private army to imprison human rights workers , opposition politicians , anyone in fact who challenges the great man 's rule .
At this point , we wo n't mention torture .
Be sure that this little point is unlikely to get much play in the Obama sermon , just as he surely will not be discussing Saudi Arabia 's orgy of head - chopping when he chats to King Abdullah on Wednesday .
So what 's new , folks ?
Arabs , I find , have a very shrewd conception of what goes on in Washington – the lobbying , the power politics , the dressing up of false friendship in Rooseveltian language – even if ordinary Americans do not .
They are aware that the " new " America of Obama looks suspiciously like the old one of Bush and his lads and ladies .
First , Obama addresses Muslims on Al - Arabiya television .
Then he addresses Muslims in Istanbul .
Now he wants to address Muslims all over again in Cairo .
I suppose Obama could say : " I promise I will not make any decision until I first consult with you and the Jewish side " along with more promises about being a friend of the Arabs .
Only that 's exactly what Franklin Roosevelt told King Abdul Aziz on the deck of USS Quincy in 1945 , so the Arabs have heard that one before .
I guess we 'll hear about terrorism being as much a danger to Arabs as to Israel – another dull Bush theme – and , Obama being a new President , we might also have a " we shall not let you down " theme .
But for what ?
I suspect that what the Arab world wants to hear – not their leaders , of course , all of whom would like to have a spanking new US air base on their property – is that Obama will take all his soldiers out of Muslim lands and leave them alone ( American aid , doctors , teachers , etc , excepted ) .
But for obvious reasons , Obama can't say that .
He can , and will , surely , try his global - Arab line ; that every Arab nation will be involved in the new Middle East peace , a resurrection of the remarkably sane Saudi offer of full Arab recognition of Israel in return for an Israeli return to the 1967 borders in accordance with the UN Security Council Resolution 242 .
Obama will be clearing this with King Abdullah on Wednesday , no doubt .
And everyone will nod sagely and the newspapers of the Arab dictatorships will solemnly tip their hats to the guy and the New York Times will clap vigorously .
And the Israeli government will treat it all with the same amused contempt as Netanyahu treated Obama 's demand to stop building Jewish colonies on Arab land and , back home in Washington , Congress will fulminate and maybe Obama will realise , just like the Arab potentates have realised , that beautiful rhetoric and paradise - promises never , ever , win against reality .
This working girl is clearly working her ass off http://gss.st/5C
#streetview
Read full article »
Video for Everybody !
Video for Everybody is simply a chunk of HTML code that embeds a video into a website using the HTML5 < video > element , falling back to Flash automatically without the use of JavaScript or browser - sniffing .
It therefore works in RSS readers ( no JavaScript ) , on the iPhone / iPad ( do n’t support Flash ) and on many browsers and platforms .
Thanks to the rapid adoption of HTML5 video happening right now , Video for Everybody is n’t the only solution around .
It is not a neatly packaged , fully - featured solution for those unfamiliar with HTML .
VfE is for developers who either want something really simple they can quickly use on their blog or websites , or as a good starting point to develop their own custom solution .
It does not use JavaScript .
Because of this , it does not work on Android versions prior to 2.3 ( Gingerbread ) .
That is Google ’s fault .
If you do n’t care about the reasons behind this you should just use a solution like MediaElement.js or VideoJS that do work on older versions of Android .
How It Works
If your browser supports it , HTML5 video is used .
No Flash — no crash .
If HTML5 video is not supported , Adobe Flash is used .
You can host locally or embed any Flash player of your choice .
Flash fallback in IE8
Finally , if all else fails , a placeholder image is shown and the user can download the video using the links provided .
If the user does n’t have Flash they are not prompted to install it .
Users have enough problems with security already without random websites prompting them to install things — and it ’s even more annoying for people who do n’t want or cannot use Flash anyway .
This is one aspect that makes VfE different than any other Flash video embedding method .
Final fallback image , you could use a different image that points to the download links
This is all done without JavaScript and requires two video encodes , one Ogg file , and one MP4 file .
WebM can optionally be added .
Instructions on how to convert your videos to these formats are provided further down this article .
It ’s compatible with HTML 4 , HTML5 ( valid markup ) , XHTML 1 and additionally also works when served as application / xhtml+xml .
For a full browser compatibility list , see the Video for Everybody Test Page .
The Code
Here follows the full source code .
It ’s very large because it ’s fully commented .
You can easily compact this down ( one such example follows afterwards ) .
To save time you could use the Video for Everybody generator by Jonathan Neal to generate the code snippet according to your options .
Do not miss the important notes below or you will be kicking yourself after wasting hours trying to get it to work .
<!-- first try HTML5 playback : if serving as XML , expand `controls` to `controls = " controls " ` and autoplay likewise --> <!-- warning : playback does not work on iOS3 if you include the poster attribute !
fixed in iOS4.0 --> < video width = " 640 " height = " 360 " controls > <!-- MP4 must be first for iPad ! --> < source src=" __VIDEO__.MP4 " type=" video/mp4 " /><!-- Safari / iOS video --> < source src=" __VIDEO__.OGV
" type=" video/ogg " /><!-- Firefox / Opera / Chrome10 --> <!-- fallback to Flash : --> < object width = " 640 " height = " 360 " type= " application/x-shockwave -flash " data= " __FLASH__.SWF " > <!--
Firefox uses the `data` attribute above , IE / Safari uses the param below --> < param name = " movie " value= " __FLASH__.SWF
" /> < param name = " flashvars " value=" controlbar=over&image=__POSTER__.JPG&file=__VIDEO__.MP4 " /> <!-- fallback image .
note the title field below , put the title of the video there --> < img src=" __VIDEO__.JPG
" width = " 640 " height = " 360 " alt = " __TITLE__ " title=
" No video playback capabilities , please download the video below " /> </object > </ video > <!-- you * must * offer a download link as they may be able to play the file locally .
customise this bit all you want --> < p > < strong > Download Video:</ strong >
Closed Format : < a href= " __VIDEO__.MP4 " >" MP4 " </a> Open Format : < a href= " __VIDEO__.OGV " > " Ogg " </ a> </p>
( If you would like your video to automatically start playing , check out the sample code on the test page . )
Here ’s a compacted version as an example :
< video width = " 640 " height = " 360 " controls > < source src=" __VIDEO__.MP4 " type=" video/mp4 " /> < source src=" __VIDEO__.OGV
" type=" video/ogg " /> < object width = " 640 " height = " 360 " type= " application/x-shockwave -flash " data= " __FLASH__.SWF " > < param name = " movie " value= " __FLASH__.SWF
" /> < param name = " flashvars " value=" controlbar=over&image=__POSTER__.JPG&file=__VIDEO__.MP4 " /> < img src=" __VIDEO__.JPG
" width = " 640 " height = " 360 " alt = " __TITLE__ " title =
" No video playback capabilities , please download the video below " /> </object > </ video > < p > < strong > Download Video:</ strong >
Closed Format : < a href= " __VIDEO__.MP4 " >" MP4 " </a> Open Format : < a href= " __VIDEO__.OGV " > " Ogg " </a> </
p>
And one that auto plays : ( notice the changes “ autoplay ” and “ autostart=true ” )
< video width = " 640 " height = " 360 " controls autoplay > < source src=" __VIDEO__.MP4 " type=" video/mp4 " /> < source src=" __VIDEO__.OGV
" type=" video/ogg " /> < object width = " 640 " height = " 360 " type= " application/x-shockwave -flash " data= " __FLASH__.SWF " > < param name = " movie " value= " __FLASH__.SWF
" /> < param name = " flashvars " value= " autostart=true&controlbar=over&image=__POSTER__.JPG&file=__VIDEO__.MP4 " /> < img src=" __VIDEO__.JPG
" width = " 640 " height = " 360 " alt = " __TITLE__ " title =
" No video playback capabilities , please download the video below " /> </object > </ video > < p > < strong > Download Video:</ strong >
Closed Format : < a href= " __VIDEO__.MP4 " >" MP4 " </a> Open Format : < a href= " __VIDEO__.OGV " > " Ogg " </a> </
p>
It ’s advised you subscribe to the RSS to be kept informed of new releases in case you get caught out by new bugs introduced by vendors * cough * Apple* cough * .
The version is n’t < 1 for no reason .
IMPORTANT Notes
Ensure your server is using the correct mime - types .
Firefox will not play the Ogg video if the mime - type is wrong .
Place these lines in your .htaccess file to send the correct mime - types to browsers AddType video / ogg .ogv AddType video / mp4 .mp4
AddType video / webm .webm
Replace __VIDEO__.MP4 with the path to your video encoded to MP4 ( a warning on using H.264 ) and
replace __VIDEO__.OGV with the path to your video encoded to Ogg .
Optionally you could also include a WebM video .
Replace __POSTER__.JPG
with the path to an image you want to act as a title screen to the video , it will be shown before the video plays , and as a representative image when the video is unable to play ( Also replace “ __TITLE__ ” for the poster image ’s alt text ) .
Not all browsers support the poster attribute , it ’s advisable to encode the poster image into the first frame of your video .
DO NOT INCLUDE THE poster ATTRIBUTE ( < video poster= " … " > ) FOR iOS 3.x SUPPORT .
There is a major bug with iOS 3 that means that playback will not work on any HTML5 video tag that uses both the poster attribute and < source > elements .
This was fixed in iOS 4.0 , but of course for now there will still be a large number of OS 3 users .
This bug does not affect use of the poster image in the flashvars parameter , which you should retain
Replace __FLASH__.SWF with the path to the Flash video player you are using .
I use JW Player ( download and place ‘ player.swf ’ in the right place ) , but this could be any Flash resource including YouTube .
Sample code for using YouTube can be seen on the Video for Everybody YouTube Test Page
Safari buffers the video automatically even if autobuffer is absent .
This has been fixed in WebKit nightlies with a change to the HTML5 spec ; the “ preload = " none " ” attribute on the video element prevents autobuffering .
A current bug in WebKit causes Safari to perpetually display “ loading ” until the play button is clicked
The iPhone will not autoplay .
This is done to save bandwidth which may cost some users , or be limited .
It is not a bug , it ’s a feature
HTML5 video on Android is badly broken .
Resolution support varies from one handset to the next ( often just 480×360 ) , the fallback image usually does n’t show and the code requires special adjustments .
The Android emulator is completely useless as it does n’t represent any real hardware and does not play HTML5 video .
THERE IS NO WAY TO TEST ON ANDROID WITHOUT A PHYSICAL PHONE .
BLAME GOOGLE .
Android 2.3 ( Gingerbread ) now finally supports the controls attribute , so that VfE can work , but this still leaves all previous Android versions in the lurch .
Use MediaElement.js or VideoJS for better Android support .
Some web hosts , in trying to save bandwidth , gzip everything by default — including video files !
In Firefox and Opera , seeking will not be possible or the video may not play at all if a video file is gzipped .
If this is occurring to you please check your server / hosts and disable the gzipping of Ogg and other media files .
You can switch off gzipping for video files in your .htaccess file by adding this line : SetEnvIfNoCase Request_URI \.( og[ gv]|mp4|m4v|webm ) $ no -gzip dont - vary
With thanks to Bas van Bergen for this tip
There are some instances where people will simply not be able to view the video inside the web - page ( e.g. Opera Mobile / Mini ) .
It is absolutely essential that you provide download links outside of the video to ensure your message gets through
A current bug in Firefox means that when JavaScript is disabled ( NoScript for example ) the video controls do not display .
For now , right - click on the video for the controls , use autoplay on your videos or rely on users allowing your site in NoScript
The Eolas ‘ Click to Activate ’ issue affects Flash in Internet Explorer 6 / 7 as the ActiveX controls are not inserted using JavaScript — however Microsoft removed ‘ Click to Activate ’ in a later update patch .
This issue will not affect users who have run Windows Update .
Please also note that Windows XP originally shipped with Flash v6 , and H.264 playback in Flash requires v9 or 10 .
Depending on what Flash video player you use , this may cause problems if you intend to support users with out of date Flash versions
A parsing bug in Camino 2.0 / Firefox 3.0 means that the image element inside the video element will ‘ leak ’ outside of the video element .
This is not visible however unless some kind of background image or colour is applied to that image element .
You can stop this by either wrapping the video element in another element or modifying the code from “ < source … /> ” to “ < source …></ source > ” .
This works , but will not validate as HTML5
Adding Custom Controls
Since VfE does n’t come with any JavaScript the HTML5 video will use whatever native interface the browser provides .
This is in the best interest of the user because it provides an interface best tailored to that device .
For example , the iPhone always plays video fullscreen so that the edges of the video are not cut off in the browser and the user does not have to pan around to get it all in view .
The iPad provides finger - friendly sized controls .
Different native video controls in Opera 10.5 and Google Chrome
Designers however do n’t like the inconsistency and would like a unified set of controls .
Both MediaElement.js and VideoJS use VfE and custom controls you can style how you please with CSS .
Encoding the Videos
Full instructions are beyond the scope of this article , please refer to Mark Pilgrim ’s Video on the Web article for an excellent introduction to video formats and encoding instructions .
As WebM is quite new , here is a quick guide to encoding WebM video .
There is no restriction on the resolution of the Ogg video
The iPhone can play MOV and MPEG4 videos with a maximum size of 640×480 and only allows the Base Profile for H.264 ( See Apple ’s own instructions for the specifics ) .
If your desired video is bigger than that , please read the instructions below for how to adjust the code to use hi-res videos whilst keeping iPhone compatibility
The iPad can play H.264 up to 720 p , 30 FPS
Firefox will only play Ogg ( WebM is also supported in Firefox 4 ) , and it will not degrade to Flash if there is no Firefox - compatible video file
For best results I recommend including the poster image as the first frame when you encode the video
Using HD Video
If you would like to use a larger video than 640×480 , you can use a QuickTime reference movie to auto - select between an iPhone compatible version and the full - size video .
In QuickTime Pro use the ‘ File » Export for Web … ’ option to output a reference movie ( you can also use Apple ’s MakeRefMovie tool for finer control ) .
You ’ll have three files along these lines : “ video.mov ” , “ video - desktop.mp4 ” ( or m4v ) and “ video - iphone.mp4 ” .
Now replace the two source elements in the code with these three : ( substituting the right file paths )
< source src=" video.mov " type=" video/mp4 " ></source > < source src=" video- desktop.mp4 " type=" video/mp4 " ></source > < source src=" video.ogv " type=" video/ogg " ></ source >
What happens here is that the browser will play the QuickTime reference movie ( Safari / iPhone / iPad ) which will auto - select between the desktop and iPhone versions of the video automatically .
If the MOV format is n’t supported by the browser ( Chrome for example ) , we point to the same MPEG4 video that the QuickTime reference movie uses .
A Warning About H.264
I made Video for Everybody because since I do n’t have Flash installed I wanted to create a way websites could provide me access to their videos ( currently needlessly trapped inside Flash ) without having to lose viewers from older browsers .
VfE is not a tool I would use myself ( other videos on this site are HTML5 / Ogg only ) because of the threat that H.264 represents to freedom on the web .
Websites that are already serving H.264 video to users using Flash have already made the conscious decision to buy into H.264 .
I am not making that decision for you with Video for Everybody .
Just be aware that if you decide to use H.264 video for commercial use then you will need to purchase a licence from the MPEG - LA .
Be warned that ‘ commercial use ’ may also include the scenario where your website has advertisements , even though your use of video is unrelated to those adverts .
If you are making any any money in any way from a page that also includes an H.264 video , then you should contact the MPEG - LA for help on licencing .
On the 27th of August 2010 , the MPEG - LA announced ( arguably in response to growing WebM support ) that the terms of “ free use ” of H.264 Internet broadcast would not change in 2016 .
This does not change a thing .
This is similar to Nikon announcing that they will not charge you if you put your pictures up on Flickr , or HP promising that they will never charge you additionally if you photocopy something that you printed on a LaserJet .
Mike Shaver
Using WebM Video
On the 19th of May 2010 Google released the VP8 codec as open - source and royalty free with the full intent to drive broad adoption via industry backing and switching YouTube over to the new format in the long term .
“ WebM ” is a rebranded Matroska container utilising VP8 video and Ogg Vorbis audio .
This represents major competition to H.264 — Mozilla , Google and Opera have already added support into special builds of their browsers and even Microsoft have about - faced on their H.264 - only policy and said that IE9 will support WebM — but only if the codec has been installed by the user .
Obviously absent from any support is Apple , and this means that unfortunately codec - fragmentation will continue into the foreseeable future so that you will still need to provide more than one video encode .
Adding a WebM video to Video for Everybody is easy , just add it to the source list !
It has to go below the MP4 video due to an iPad bug that ignores anything but the first source element , and ideally above the Ogg source so that browsers that play both Ogg and WebM choose the WebM video first .
Here is an example source stack :
< source src=" video.mp4 " type= " video/mp4 " /> < source src=" video.webm " type=" video/webm " /> < source src=" video.ogv " type=" video/ogg " />
Note the new mime type , which you will have to add to your server .
As WebM is quite new , here is a quick guide to encoding WebM video .
On January 11th 2011 , Google announced that it would be removing H.264 support from Chrome .
It is clear that Google ’s long - term solution is to transition YouTube to HTML5 / WebM .
With the release of Firefox 4 , a large percentage of browsers will support WebM , and others through the use of installed codecs ( Safari and IE9 ) .
Only iOS is completely without WebM support at this time .
Please note that you do not have to include WebM video in your HTML5 video tags as both Chrome , Firefox and Opera still support Ogg .
WebM will provide you higher quality , and likely wider compatibility in the very near future , but right now it is an optional extra .
Related Projects
If you ’ve modified Video for Everybody to do something else , or have created an HTML5 video related project , please let me know and if it upholds the same principles as Video for Everybody , I ’ll list it here .
( I will not list projects that cannot play the video in an RSS reader .
Using JavaScript to insert < video > defeats the entire purpose . )
MediaElement.js
Based on Video for Everybody but uses a custom Flash or Silverlight player that mimics the native HTML5 API so that interacting with the video from JavaScript is the same regardless of browser .
Truly a great piece of work .
Video controls are doing using HTML / CSS for cross - browser consistency .
MediaElement.js also includes support for sub-titling and has plugins for popular blogging engines .
Its only downside is that it requires jQuery ( where VideoJS below is library - agnostic ) .
video.js Based on Video for Everybody but adds custom video controls made of HTML that you can style anyway you please with a bit of CSS .
VideoJS uses JavaScript to patch up browser differences and bugs , so offers much better support than Video for Everybody .
External Video for Everybody A WordPress plugin that provides a shortcode to insert video using Video for Everybody .
The author has also provided an excellent bash script to automate the process of encoding the video files .
Acknowledgements
Well ..how else was I suppose to open it ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
“ Cinema is a lie that tells the truth about life ”
Warwick Thornton discusses Samson and Delilah with the WSWS
By Richard Phillips
14 May 2009
Samson and Delilah writer , director and cinematographer Warwick Thornton spoke with the World Socialist Web Site this month when his film screened at the Message Sticks film festival in Sydney .
Thornton , who was born and raised in Alice Springs , Central Australia , began a media traineeship at the local CAAMA radio station .
He learnt cinematography on the job and then studied at AFTRS film school , graduating in 1997 .
Since then he has directed a number of award winning documentaries and short fiction films , including Mimi ( 2002 ) , Green Bush ( 2005 ) and Nana ( 2007 ) .
He continues to work as a cinematographer and most recently shot several episodes of the seven - part SBS documentary First Australians .
His next project is a three - hour documentary series with Aboriginal art curator Hetti Perkins called Art and Soul .
Richard Phillips : Samson and Delilah has a subdued style with long takes and virtually no dialogue .
Could you explain why you chose this approach ?
Warwick Thornton
Warwick Thornton : I truly respect audiences but think that they ’ve been numbified and spoon - fed by a type of cinema that undermines the development of real characters .
I wanted to make a teenage love story — a hard love story — and to have audiences take a journey with these kids .
It was therefore important right from the beginning to create something that is real .
I think the long takes help establish this .
I did n’t want the audience be one step ahead of the characters but be part of the kids ’ journey .
You might have noticed , but the camera often follows the characters in order to achieve this sense of a journey .
Is n’t life one long take but without the editing ?
But I like long - takes and in many ways they capture the pace of life where the movie is set .
I grew up in Central Australia , in Alice Springs , and things often move slowly there .
You can be sitting around and nothing seems to be happening for quite a long time , then suddenly bang , there ’s a change , and then it ’s back to nothing much going on .
I wanted that sort of realism in the movie .
You could n’t make Samson and Delilah with rose - tinted glasses — it would n’t be truthful , either to the story or the two kids .
Audiences also need time to think .
Instead of lots of fast little interconnected scenes , they need time to swim in the emotions of the two kids and to think carefully about what is going on and to ask themselves questions .
I love watching movies when things are n’t entirely clear and audience members can have completely different opinions about a film or a scene .
RP : And the limited dialogue between the two teenagers ?
WT : That ’s realism to me .
When you ’re 14 you do n’t talk about love like you ’re a 40 - year - old who ’s been through two marriages .
When I was growing up , if I liked a girl I threw a rock at her .
I also think that audiences should work as well .
It ’s easy for a writer to have his characters say ‘ I ’m happy ’ , ‘ I ’m sad ’ , write that into a script and then have an actor say it .
It ’s much harder when you have to play it without words .
RP : Could you explain something about the movie ’s rhythm and the music soundtrack ?
WT : I thought a lot about all this before we began shooting — from the groundhog cycle at the beginning through to the appearance of Gonzo under the bridge — and wanted to establish a certain tempo .
There are many dark emotional moments and some relief is needed .
This is provided by Gonzo , with his madness , fuzzy hair , broken dialogue and his stories .
But my aim was not just to provide some humour , but to create a different tone and tempo .
When Gonzo says , “ For f ... sake say something ” to the two kids , it ’s like he ’s working for the audience .
With the music , I ’ve had country and western music drilled into me from the day I was born and I love it .
Even though many people generally think of it as red-neck music , Aboriginal people have a great affiliation with country music and especially in Central Australia .
They ’re singing about country and the love of country , “ do n’t fence me in ” and all that sort of stuff , so there are many connections .
RP : I particularly liked how you use Charley Pride ’s “ Sunshiny Day ” in the first scene .
WT : The opening with Samson waking up and taking a sniff from the petrol tin and Charley Pride singing in the background gives an immediate sense of place .
The scene starts at 48 frames in slow motion and then as he starts sniffing the image speeds up .
All of this is to say to the audience you ’re going to see something that ’s going to be confronting , different and it might even dent your soul a little bit .
RP : The music is also a means of escape for the characters .
WT : Yes , and because the audience has n’t heard much dialogue in the film the words in the songs have an impact .
The music therefore is incredibly important and has to have something to do with a character or the place .
It ’s a common problem with many filmmakers — and I ’ve been guilty of it in the past — and that is to try and fatten up a film with music after you ’ve finished shooting .
This time I selected all the music before we ’d even begun shooting and although it cost a bit we got the rights to some fantastic songs .
Gonzo singing Tom Waits ’s “ Jesus Gonna Be Here ” is really important and exactly right for the scene .
He ’s about to go off to rehab and he sings , “ Well I ’ve been faithful and I ’ve been so good , except for drinking . ”
As you know a lot of the rehabs in Australia are run by Christian organisations .
Gonzo knows that going to rehab is going to be tough and he ’s wondering whether the church is only doing this because they want a convert .
Is this the reason they want me here ?
Is this a quick way into peoples ’ souls by giving them a few decent meals ?
RP : I understand that you wrote the movie during the government ’s “ intervention ” into the Northern Territory ?
WT : No , I wrote it a long time before the intervention , before the army came in .
I did n’t know anything about the intervention when it first happened .
No one did .
Suddenly we were told that there were Aboriginal paedophiles all over Central Australia and that signs and gates had to be put outside the town camps and communities and people ’s rights taken away .
My response was one of total anger and a real emotional darkness .
Here I am an Aboriginal man , and yet now when I walk down the street I ’m forced to think whether people are looking at me and wondering if I ’m a paedophile .
It ’s almost as if we , as Aboriginal men , have to prove that we ’re not paedophiles .
I ’d actually written the script a year before the intervention and when it happened I was really angry and decided that I would rewrite it into the script .
After a week of thinking about it though , I came to the conclusion that this would be wrong .
Although there ’s a certain sadness about this decision , the reason I did it was because the intervention will come and go , and yet Aboriginal kids will still be in the same position .
Not putting the intervention into the movie means that it will not date ; it ’ll have a longer life .
RP : But are n’t you assuming that the intervention is aimed at assisting the children as the government claimed ?
WT : Well it ’s like the whole Stolen Generation business .
When this policy was implemented , Australia and all its governments believed that taking the half - caste kids from their parents and giving them some sort of education was the right thing to do .
They truly believed this .
But what ’s the difference between this policy and the intervention ?
And how gorgeously perfect was it that [ former prime minister ]
Howard announced the intervention and claimed to be helping the children just before an election .
The last time he did this sort of thing was the children overboard issue and the lie that refugees trying to get into Australia had thrown their children from the refugee boats and into the sea .
This time the government claimed it was saving children from being buggered in the desert .
RP : Now it continues under the Labor government .
Were you surprised by that ?
WT : I ’ve grown up watching the regular Labor - Liberal disaster that happens in this country .
The Liberals run amok and then Labor comes in and says it ’s for the working man but keeps the Liberals ’ policies .
And then the Liberals get back in and the whole cycle starts all over again .
RP : But in this case Labor is not just keeping the Liberals ’ policies , but extending the attacks .
WT : Yes , that ’s absolutely right .
Labor is now trying to get around the human rights issues — the suspension of the racial discrimination act that came with the intervention .
Labor is now working out how to get around that hurdle by rewriting the legislation and keeping all the intervention measures .
Is it possible to do this sort of thing in life ?
Oh , I ’ve just killed someone , but it ’s OK , I ’m just going to remove murder from the law books .
Governments simply operate on the basis of the length of their terms — 4- , 6 - or 8 - year terms .
They do n’t believe that there is a 50 - year 100 - year process in anything that should outlive a prime minister or the individuals in government .
This is so stupid and wrong .
RP : There are countless stories that could be dramatised about life for Aboriginal people .
Why did you choose to make a film about teenagers ?
WT : Because they ’re our future .
Our kids in Central Australia are caught in this incredibly hard world .
There is Aboriginal law and culture , which fights to stay strong and there are the pressures of capitalism with rappers 50 Cent and P. Diddy and all the illusions that go with this scene .
As a teenager , Aboriginal law and culture is so incredibly strict that you almost want to reject it .
But what are you gonna look for ?
Well , there are all these rich rapper kids on TV covered in gold jewellery , and with their Ferraris and 20 beautiful women dancing behind them .
Our kids do n’t know who they are and how they fit into this world of bling and all the get - rich quick stuff on television .
I was an Aboriginal teenager in Central Australia and grew up on the streets of Alice Springs , so I know something about this .
At the same time , teenage kids falling in love and substance abuse are universal issues that can happen anywhere , even in Kirribilli [ one of Sydney ’s wealthiest suburbs ] .
I ’m hoping that the movie connects with audiences and makes Australians realise that they ’ve all gone through some form of Samson and Delilah .
The question that I asked myself when I was writing the movie — my first feature film and therefore the possibility of talking to all of Australia and maybe the rest of the world — was “ Have I got something to say ? ”
Cinema is a lie that tells the truth about life , but everyone should have a fight — something they believe in and that they will stand up for and fight for change .
Filmmakers should always be asking themselves , “ Is there something you believe in or do you just want to go straight to Hollywood and make enough money to buy a mansion in LA ?
Where do you fit into the world ?
Have you got a good fight ? ”
I truly believe that cinema has to tell real stories .
It needs to work that way .
There is the financial side of it — making money and being in business — but its existence lies in its story - telling abilities .
If you go right back to the times that pre-date writing , communication was through images and story - telling ; the old man under the tree , not just in Central Australia , but in Europe and everywhere else .
Movies have to tell stories — moral stories , stories of change , stories that kids and everyone else can take into their lives and make them better human beings .
This author also recommends :
Samson and Delilah : a searing portrait of life for Central Australian Aboriginal youth
[ 14 May 2009 ]
Police in Monaco have arrested at least one suspected member of a notorious international gang of jewel thieves known as the Pink Panthers .
Another two people were detained with him near jewellery shops in Monte Carlo , but it is not clear if they too are suspected of being gang members .
The Pink Panthers have been blamed for raids on some 120 luxury shops in 20 countries over the past six years .
The gang has between 60 and 200 members - many from the former Yugoslavia .
Interpol has been co-ordinating the work of several police forces to try to catch the gang .
Brazen disguise
The Pink Panthers have hit shops as far afield as the US , Japan , Switzerland and the UAE .
One of their boldest raids saw four men , disguised as women , storm the Harry Winston jewellers in Paris last December and make off with more than $ 100 m ( £ 60 m ) worth of goods .
Two suspected members were jailed by a French court earlier this month and Montenegrin police made one arrest a week ago .
Police say the Pink Panthers have a less formal structure than most gangs , but can be ruthless , with links to murders and drug trafficking .
“ JSLint ” is a JavaScript “ code quality tool ” .
If you ’ve never heard of it then think of it as the W3C HTML validator , but for JavaScript .
Doug Crockford , the genius that created JSLint , frequently claims that JavaScript is “ The World ’s Most Misunderstood Programming Language ” ; if you want to know where he ’s coming from with this statement then you ’ll have to purchase his book , “ JavaScript : The Good Parts ” or , for a brief overview , watch the Google Tech Talk .
In some ways JavaScript could be considered just as lax as HTML when it comes to what is acceptable and what is n’t .
For example , most browsers will let you get away with HTML that looks like this :
< ul id = list > < strong >< li >
One < strong >< li >
Two < strong >< li >
Three
And , similarly , most , if not all , browsers will let you get away with JavaScript that looks like this :
function muahaha ( ) { myarray = new Array ( ) myarray [ ' name1 ' ] = " 056 " something = parseInt ( myarray [ ' name1 ' ] ) if ( something == 56 ) for ( i = 0 ; i < myarray .
length ; i ++ ) if ( myarray [ i ] != null ) return true return false } ;
How many things can you count in the above code that are either bad practice or just incorrect usage of the language ?
If we go by JSLint then there are a total of 16 problems with it !
Plus there are a couple that are n’t noticed by JSLint ( using an array as an object & accessing myarray. length on every iteration ) .
That ’s 18 altogether !
Yet , all browsers will run this code quite happily without throwing a single error .
Technically , it ’s all legal JavaScript ( minus the extra semi- colon at the end ) , so I ’d expect all browsers to munch it up without complaining .
So , if it works1 , then why should you take that extra step to ensure best practices ; what ’s the point and who will benefit ?
For starters , there ’s you !
When you need to maintain or add to this code you ’ll find yourself spending many more minutes doing so than if the original code has been written with best practices in mind .
Although , honestly , you are the last person that you should be worrying about .
What on earth is another developer going to make of this ?
Good practices exist for a reason ; not following them generally leads to bad things .
Do n’t use JSLint because you have to , use it because you want to !
1 – The function wo n’t work as expected ( parseInt ( '056 ' ) !== 56 ) but it will “ work ” ; as in , it wo n’t throw any errors .
Actually , just completely ignore the muahaha function ; it does n’t do anything ; it ’s just an example of awful code .
Thanks for reading !
Please share your thoughts with me on Twitter .
Have a great day !
ROME ( Reuters ) - Vatican archaeologists using laser technology have discovered what they believe is the oldest image in existence of St Paul the Apostle , dating from the late 4th century , on the walls of catacomb beneath Rome .
Vatican newspaper Osservatore Romano , revealing the find on Sunday , published a picture of a frescoed image of the face of a man with a pointed black beard on a red background , inside a bright yellow halo .
The high forehead is furrowed .
Experts of the Ponitifical Commission for Sacred Archaeology made the discovery on June 19 in the Catacomb of Santa Tecla in Rome and describe it as the “ oldest icon in history dedicated to the cult of the Apostle , ” according to the Vatican newspaper .
The discovery , which involved removing layers of clay and limestone using lasers , was announced a day before Rome observes a religious holiday for the Feasts of St Peter and St Paul .
Peter and Paul are revered by Christians as the greatest early missionaries .
Converting on the road to Damascus following a blinding vision of Jesus , Paul took the Gospel to pagan Greeks and Romans and met his martyrdom in Rome in about 65 AD .
Early Christians in Rome buried their dead in catacombs dug into the soft rock under the city and decorated the underground walls with devotional images , often in the Pompeian style .
This is the moment a water skier found himself in a head - to - head race with a swan .
The man was being towed behind a speed boat in Torquay , Devon , when the bird took off beside him and they raced alongside for several seconds
Credit : SWNS
E-MAIL • THE MUSEUM ( AND GIFT SHOP ) OF MID - CENTURY ILLUSTRATION • ABOUT
WikiViz : Visualizing Wikipedia
Introduction
Wikipedia is an interesting dataset for visualization .
As an encyclopedia , it 's articles span millions of topics .
Being a human edited entity , connections between topics are diverse , interesting , and sometimes perplexing - five hops takes you from subatomic particles to Snoop Dog.
Wikipedia is revealing in how humans organize data and how interconnected seemingly unrelated topics can be .
During my time at AT&T Labs , which coincidently has a great information visualization group , I started think about how to visualizing something as massive as Wikipedia .
With roughly 1.5 million articles ( vertices ) and tens of millions of article links ( edges ) , a comprehensive visualization package would have to found or built .
After playing around with GraphViz , but getting frustrated with layout limitations , I decided on the latter option : build !
I do n't buy into the reuse - recycle methodology .
That 's great for software development , but not research .
I believe great ideas and innovations come about by redoing and rethinking existing problems .
If you always use what has already been " solved " and built , how do you know it can't be done better ?
And so I leaped head first into my own large - scale data visualization project , from scratch .
I hope to publish the novel graph layout techniques I developed during this process .
WikiViz v5
The fifth incarnation of WikiViz ( v5 ) saw several significant improvements .
Most notable was a new graph layout algorithm that allowed me to scale to hundreds of thousands or millions of vertices ( tens of millions of edges ) .
A traditional spring - based layout technique would choke at such quantities as they typically have ( vertex ) 2 run times for repellent forces .
However , much like a spring - based layout technique , connected vertices attracted each other , and were drawn together spatially .
At a larger scale , this would cause highly connected clusters of vertices to coalesce .
However , as my output improved , I began to realize that the data I was using from the Wikipedia category links table was messy and not representative of Wikipedia 's true structure .
The cl_to and cl_sortkey fields are not true links , although the topics are often related .
To remedy this problem for future layout attempts , I have prepared a true page links input file with data scraped right from article content .
When I get sufficient time to tinker again , I will attempt to render a full and accurate Wikipedia graph .
I have included a few sample renderings for those who are curious .
Five levels deep , centered on History ( WikiViz v5 ) Five levels deep , centered on Politics ( WikiViz v5 )
Five levels deep , centered on Religion ( WikiViz v5 ) Five levels deep , centered on Music ( WikiViz v5 )
A B C D E F G H 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
The nodes seen in the graph above were selected by starting at Wikipedia ’s Science category page , and traversing category links to a depth of 100 hops .
The resulting data included 73,230 category pages ( vertices ) and more than a quarter of a million links ( edges ) .
You can click on any of the tiles to see full resolution versions .
I 've included some example locations that can be used as starting points .
Location Description B6
A highly connected set of British cities and associated items E6 , F6 and around Countries of the world D6 Year categories from roughly 1600 - 2007 D2 , D3 and around U.S. States E2 and F2 Sports Left side U.S. Counties Upper right Cluster of music album categories
WikiViz v1 to v4
Below are some visualizations that have been produced .
Various layout duration and spring attributes were used .
Beware of the high resolution links .
Some JPEGs are 30 + MB , which can seriously tax your hardware .
\\ Two levels deep , centered on History ( WikiViz v4 ) .
Four levels deep , centered on Mathematics ( WikiViz v3 )
Three levels deep , centered on Physics ( WikiViz v3 ) Five levels deep , centered on History ( WikiViz v3 )
Four levels deep , centered on Politics ( WikiViz v3 ) Five levels deep , centered on History ( WikiViz v3 )
Three levels deep , centered on Humans ( WikiViz v2 ) Close up of graph shown at left .
When Prototype was announced in Game Informer not too long ago , it instantly became one of the most anticipated titles of 2009 .
The title is developed by Radical Entertainment , a team who ’s famous for their work on the hit title Hulk : Ultimate Destruction .
And fans of that game will not be disappointed in Prototype .
It has some of the same core concepts as Hulk , but manages to both separate and elevate itself at the same time .
The main character of the game is Alex Mercer , and he has unexplained powers that allow him to not only shapeshift , but also move at incredible speeds and possess extraordinary strength .
The player begins the game with fully maxed out powers and is put through a tutorial of sorts .
After the completion of this tutorial , the game flashes into a cutscene with Mercer talking to someone on top of a building .
The city is in shambles and fully infected as Mercer explains everything to the unkown assailant .
This is where the game really begins .
It flashes back to Mercer in a morgue where he awakes on a table .
The whole game you are trying to find out who did this to Mercer .
Along the way , he has to deal with infected civilians , military , and advanced infected species .
Where the game really shines is the mayhem that you have to deal with .
The game is fast , very fast .
Not only does Mercer move fast , but so do some of the enemies .
So the player needs to constantly keep their eyes open while moving throughout the city and completing missions .
Failure to do so can result in being overwhelmed by many enemies , and having the choice of either running away or performing a devastator attack , which is an attack that hurts and takes out multiple enemies .
There is also more to the game than just the story .
There are several sidequests for Mercer to complete , all of which offer rewards and perks to the player .
These sidequests consist of time trials , consume missions , mayhem , and many other types .
While a lot of these do n’t add much to the story , they are still entertaining to a certain degree , though they can become a bit repetitive .
But at least variation was included on the sidequests .
Based on your performance in a sidequest , you can earn medals for it as well .
Weapon - wise the game has a very large variety for the player to choose from .
It is also fairly well balanced .
Depending on the enemy , some weapons are more effective than others .
The weapons consist of a whip attack , double strength , a gigantic blade for an arm , and many others for the player to unlock .
And thankfully , the game is n’t just about weapons ; the developer made sure to make many defensive techniques available for use .
Whether you want to just defend yourself using the shield or the armor suit , or take a more stealth - like approach and go undetected , the choice is yours .
Everything from powers to running speed is upgradeable through EP , which is earned by completing missions , killing enemies , etc .
Also , Mercer can gain abilities in other ways , such as infiltrating military bases as a commander , or flying a helicopter or tank .
He must consume the right personnel to fully understand how to operate the equipment .
Also the game features an interesting feature to expand the story by simply consuming certain people .
They will be marked with an orange symbol or a light blue DNA strand when Mercer gets near them .
This is known as the Web of Intrigue .
When Mercer consumes them , he has a flashback of sorts to see what they know in regards to the situation going on within the city and the outbreak of the virus .
The graphics are average , but most likely because of the sheer size of the map and how much is actually going on at once .
The entire map is open from the get go , and features no loading times unless you enter a military base or start a mission .
The sound of the game is great .
People react to you both physically and verbally depending on your actions .
If Mercer shapeshifts in front of the pedestrians , they flip out and run away .
If he grabs a soldier and begins running up a building , expect to hear more than a few curse words from his victim .
The gameplay itself is smooth .
The best part is the fluidity between the free running and gliding when traversing through the city .
The fights can get pretty hectic as well .
If you do n’t master the controls , there will be a lot of ‘ Game Overs ’ to be had .
The only problem with the game is that the story is really lacking .
It ’s interesting to the point of where you do n’t get bored with it , but it ’s not very engaging .
The reason to play this game is n’t for the story though , it ’s for the sheer amount of destruction and mayhem you can cause as Alex Mercer .
If you are someone that enjoyed Hulk : Ultimate Destruction then this title is definitely worth a look , if not then stay away , far away .
It ’s a sandbox title that essentially takes the city of Manhattan and places it in your hands to do whatever you want with Mercer .
At the end of the day , Prototype will continue to be compared to the PS3 exclusive , inFamous , when in actuality they have nothing in common other than being sandbox titles .
This may end up hurting sales of Prototype on the PS3 , which is a shame since that should n’t be the case .
Both titles are definitely worth a look for very different reasons .
Radical Entertainment made great use of the extra development time they were given , and Prototype is a fun , exciting game that deserves to be played .
He came as the self - styled " emancipator of women " , the world 's longest - serving leader who makes much of his all - female bodyguard squad and favourable views towards the opposite sex .
But to hundreds of baffled Italian women gathered for a rare audience with Muammar Gaddafi , if this was the king of women 's rights then the movement still has a long way to go .
Gaddafi's request to meet 1,000 prominent Italian women on his landmark trip to Italy this week has generated scepticism and amusement in equal measure .
In Berlusconi's Italy , an all - female guest list has taken on a certain connotation .
But this was n't a crowd from a party villa .
An exotic assemblage filed in .
There were leading figures from politics , culture and industry , ministers posed for cameras , lawyers talked earnestly in their seats and Reality TV personalities blew kisses across the aisles .
Arriving on stage in flowing robes , Gaddafi assumed his seat and placed copies of his little green book in front of him .
Mara Cafagna , a former topless model turned minister of equal opportunities kicked things off by describing the event as an " important day for relations between Italy and Libya " .
Cafagna , who once described her experiences as Miss Italy as " a competition that makes you as a woman " , admirably espoused her new role as a figurehead of women 's rights , addressing female mutilation and domestic violence and saying how much she hoped Gaddafi 's presence would present " a strong clear message against the abuse of women " .
Gaddafi drummed his figures on the table , lounged back in his large leather chair and perused his little green book , occasionally beckoning one of his female bodyguards , who shuffled back and forth with drinks and boxes of tissues .
" I am curious to see , to understand his point of view , " said Maria Gabriella , from Rome , " but with all these women working for him as semi slaves it seems a bit of a contradiction to call himself a liberator of women . "
On stage , Luisa Todini , an entrepreneur , said : " It might be easy to ask wonder why you have made this exclusive request to meet hundreds of Italian women . "
With gravelly tones , Gaddafi responded by describing the various philosophical positions that have historically elevated men as superior .
" Not my philosophy , " he was quick to add .
But the colonel 's philosophy was about as elusive as an oasis in a Libyan desert .
" There is no difference between men and women on a human level , " he exclaimed .
" God made men and women , we must respect the differences between the sexes . "
Then it all went a bit wrong .
Using a peculiar example of a steam train driver , Gaddafi called for " two systems " in the professional forum ; " one suitable for men , the other for women " .
Even the interpreter seemed a little bemused .
He could be seen suppressing a few smiles and at one point made a gesture by tapping the side of his head .
With growing murmurs in the auditorium and a few noisy exits , Gaddafi tried to regain some credibility by denouncing the treatment of women in Arabic and Islamic societies .
" Why should these women have to apply to the head of state for the right to drive a car ? " he asked .
The audience applauded politely , but swiftly laughed incredulously as he went on to add that this was a matter for " their husbands or brothers should d ecide " .
Boos and hisses filled the auditorium ; there were whispers in ears and Gaddafi wrapped up quickly , welcoming all the foregathered to Libya " whenever we wished " .
Exeunt , in confusion .
" I 'm not sure I 'll take anything away from today , " said Vera , 23 , from Rome .
" It was out of this world , " said Luisa , who did not give her last name .
" He really is on a different planet . "
Both religion and fandom are characterised by strength of feeling .
Both are to a significant degree inhabited by the emotionally needy : and it goes without saying that both have a significant body of sacred writings and a vast amount of commentary thereon .
So why is there a clear distinction between religious belief and the fandoms that cluster round various television shows , films and books ?
Many of the religious would bridle at the very suggestion of a parallel .
Religion deals with that which is finest and best in humanity ; it is all about relationships with the divine and , if you happen to have those particular beliefs , the choice of ultimate destiny between heaven and hell .
Whereas fandom , on the other hand , is a pastime for people with too much time on their hands , the religious would say , time that could be better spent praying .
Fandom , some of the religious would say , is a pastime which at best is often a symptom of mental instability and at worst a symptom of demonic influence or even possession .
To which , any articulate Trekkie , Whovian or Potterfan , would reply – was n't there someone once who talked about noticing the mote of dust in someone else 's eye while ignoring the big piece of wood sticking out of one 's own ?
Very few mediafen mount military expeditions against each other 's conventions ; and the currency of fannish disputation tends to be harsh online posts rather than anathematas and stonings .
Furthermore , people who spend significant amounts of their time talking to a friend many would regard as imaginary are not best placed to comment on the sanity of those perhaps a little too interested in counting the nacelles on the Starship Enterprise .
As to the question of whether an interest in Harry Potter or Buffy is a step towards signing one 's soul over to the Beast of the Apocalypse , the sensible response , from fans as well as from the general public , would be to look at fundamentalist preachers , or Pope Benedict , when they raise the issue , and tell them to get a grip .
Nonetheless , once the merry play of mutual abuse is done , there is something in common between fannishness and religious feeling and that thing is perhaps best thought of as an interest in spirituality , or at least a sense of transcendence .
Many , though far from all , of the bits of popular culture which have inspired obsessive interest are concerned with what the religious would call Last Things ; it is , after all , Buffy , the slayer who preserves humanity from vampires and other demons , who remarks that she has had to learn the plural of apocalypse .
There is a distinctly utopian strain in Star Trek , whose deviser , Gene Roddenberry , appears genuinely to have believed that it was possible for technology and progress to make the world not only shinier and cleaner , but also kinder ; however compromised by his white male privilege , the intentions demonstrated by his portrayal of a multi-ethnic , sexually integrated crew were a beacon in their day , and a Good Thing .
The dictates of the particular sort of serial fiction which dominates television shows in particular – the desire of networks to have a product for recycling that can be sold in bulk without demanding prior knowledge by new audiences – means that stand - alone episodes confront the characters – and thus an audience passionately involved with them – with a different set of moral dilemmas every week .
When shows break free of the networks to manage a more sustained narrative , we get , much of the time , an examination of the evolution of character as sustained , and sometimes as subtle , as those in a Victorian triple - decker novel ; and if they were not that subtle as written , they are liable to become so when considered and debated by 5000 fans online .
Jesuits teach an examination of one 's own conscience through hypothetical situations ; fans practice it all the time .
Asking , as one book does , What would Buffy do ?
is hardly more profane than asking what Jesus would do , in an age when many of those most likely to ask the latter question manage to interpret the prophet of the poor as a booster preaching the virtues of financial prosperity .
The other supreme merit of fandoms is that , as a general rule , they do not take themselves too seriously .
Even when they do , as with the true believers who interpret subtle nuances of dialogue as coded messages about the passionate love affairs between actors , the damage done is slight .
Those religious people who scorn fans as obsessed with trivial fantasies should reflect that , in some measure at least , someone makes up every religion .
After all , both Jesus and St Paul would probably have considered Augustine 's doctrine of original sin what Buffy 's werewolf friend
Oz would call " a radical revision of the text . "
Miss Finch , who hails from Queensland , told the Northern Territory News that the incident was one of the more unusual events she has been involved in since being announced the Australian winner of the Miss Universe contest in April .
For most of our existence , we humans have seen ourselves as superior to animals , as “ above ” the “ lower ” creatures .
Rene Descartes , for example , in the 17th century argued that animals were mere “ machines ” incapable even of true feeling , let alone “ higher ” thinking .
Cultures throughout antiquity sacrificed animals by the thousands to their gods , so that their value was in the ends they served rather than in their independent lives .
On the other side , there are some traditions of vegetarianism in our history .
Examples include the Pythagoreans in Greece , Hindu yogis , Jains and Buddhists , among others .
And other societies ( such as the Native Americans ) ate and used animals but with a reverence and gratefulness for the lives that they were taking .
Overall , though , the predominant notion in the human noggin is one of superiority .
But then Darwin knocked us down a notch …at least some of us .
Evolution and the descent of humanity from primates still left wiggle room for us to see ourselves as “ thinking , rational animals , ” and therefore still better than the lesser beasts .
Around that same time , though , something started to shift in the cultural mindset .
A cultivated , conscious concern for the welfare of animals began in the late 19th century in England and then spread .
( For example , the SPCA has its origins from this era , not to mention the idea of a “ vegetarian society . ”
Ethics entered into the discussion of how humans relate to , and treat , animals .
There was a recognition that , however higher or lower we might be , we had some responsibility for animals .
Nowadays , going vegetarian or vegan is practically normal .
And animal rights are as important a topic of social discussion and ethics as human rights .
Many people are vegetarian to some degree , but that does not require any ethical concern for , or love of , the animals ; they need not be “ our animal friends ” for someone not to eat them or abuse them .
A person may choose a vegetarian lifestyle simply for the proven health benefits that it brings .
Alternatively , an environmentalist might go vegan because of the profound impact that raising animals for food has on the planet–using up vast amounts of land , water , and grain crops that could be used directly ( and more efficiently ) by humans for survival .
These many centuries of self - created superiority AND the recent counter - trend of ethical consciousness beg the question ( at least for me ) :
When you look at an animal , what do you see ?
Do you see a dumb , senseless beast ?
Do you see a slab of meat on a bun ?
Do you see something not worth thinking about for too long ?
If not …what do you see when you see an animal–be it your beloved family pet or a little bird hopping along the sidewalk …or a snake slithering in the grass…or a spider scuttling across the floor ?
Speaking for myself , I see a mystery , a miracle , a manifestation of life .
I see the magic of a living being going about its essential task of living , of being what it is by nature .
I see something so precious that for me to make it suffer , or even worse to take its life ( directly or indirectly ) , would be the highest act of selfishness .
With or without a god to judge , I feel within myself the destructiveness of doing harm and the disrespect of using others for my own welfare .
Surely , animals are not always the highest models of inter- or intra-species kindness .
They kill each other , eat each other , fight each other , steal from each other .
Nature is indeed often “ red in tooth and claw , ” as Tennyson says .
But that when it comes to taking life or causing suffering , I have something the animals ( almost certainly ) do not : a choice .
We humans are thinking animals , but we are also ethical animals .
We have the power , the gift , and the curse of choice .
And that , as Frost might say , makes all the difference .
So what do you see when you look at an animal ?
Do you see in the way that William Blake did when he saw his “ World in a grain of sand / And Heaven in a Wildflower ” ?
What do you see… ?
Please share your visions of our animal friends .
Perhaps we all can begin to see these friends , and the world we share , in a new way .
“ If the doors of perception were cleansed every thing would appear to man as it is , infinite . ” – William Blake , The Marriage of Heaven and Hell .
Notes
1. Livestock used by humans for food and other products has an astounding drain on the planet ’s resources .
Joel K. Bourne , Jr. provides this bit of data on the subject : “ It takes up to five times more grain to get the equivalent amount of calories from eating pork as from simply eating grain itself–ten times if we ’re talking about grain - fattened U.S. beef ” ( “ The End of Beef , ” National Geographic 215.6 [ June 2009 ] : 41 ) .
Related Posts
Change Your Diet , Change the World : A Recipe for Eco-Friendly Eating
How the United States Destroyed Democracy in Iran in 1953 Re-print of 16 April 2000 New York Times article ; with an introduction by Francisco Gil - White Historical and Investigative Research , 5 Jan 2006
http://www.hirhome.com/iraniraq/iran-coup.htm
________________________________________________________ “ ...[ Central Intelligence ] agency [ CIA ] officers orchestrating the Iran coup worked directly with royalist Iranian military officers , handpicked the prime minister 's replacement , sent a stream of envoys to bolster the shah 's courage , directed a campaign of bombings by Iranians posing as members of the Communist Party , and planted articles and editorial cartoons in newspapers . ” The above is a quote from a 16 April 2000 article in the New York Times , giving an account of how the CIA destroyed Iranian democracy in 1953 , and which HIR reprints below .
This episode , like many others , demonstrates the colonial attitude that the US ruling elite has towards the rest of the world , and just how little respect for democracy it has .
NOTE : You may have noticed in the quote above that the CIA " planted articles and editorial cartoons in newspapers " in order to deceive the US citizenry about what it was doing .
A companion NYT article ( at right » » ) , from the same day , by the same author , reveals the near - total control over the US press that US Intelligence had already in 1953 , and how it used this in the Iranian coup , though the NYT 's editors try hard to prevent the reader from drawing the obvious lesson .
________________________________________________________
A few prefatory words to place the NYT article below in historical context .
by Francisco Gil - White
In this preface I will do two things :
1 ) Place the 1953 coup in the context of general US foreign policy around the world .
2 ) Place the 1953 coup in the context of British and US foreign policy towards Iran .
1 . T he 1953 coup in global perspective
_________________________________
In 1988 , historian Christopher Simpson showed , with documents obtained through the Freedom of Information Act , that US Intelligence had not , as many believed , recruited a few Nazi war criminals into its intelligence services after WWII , but that the CIA itself had been created by absorbing in secret tens of thousands of Nazi war criminals .
You read correctly .
Simpson , Christopher .
1988 .
Blowback : America 's recruitment of Nazis and its effects on the Cold War. New York : Weidenfeld & Nicholson .
To read a summary of that story , with links to articles covering some of the material , visit : Now , this is the kind of information that would justify the reasonable expectation of a thoroughly cynical US foreign policy .
And , indeed , as the NYT article on the 1953 coup in Iran ( which HIR reprints below ) states , “ The [ 1953 Iranian ] operation , code - named TP - Ajax , was the blueprint for a succession of C.I.A. plots to foment coups and destabilize governments during the cold war -- including the agency 's successful coup in Guatemala in 1954 and the disastrous Cuban intervention known as the Bay of Pigs in 1961 . ” This kind of activity also included the sponsorship of the Contra terrorists in Nicaragua , in the 1980s , right as the US government was also arming to the teeth the Islamist Iranian mullahs ( the Iran - Contra scandal ) .
The regimes the Nazi - full CIA installed or defended with its covert terrorism were invariably right - wing and repressive regimes , and their brutality against ordinary , innocent people was sometimes simply astonishing .
The regimes the CIA removed , by contrast , were always more democratic -- sometimes impressively democratic .
This was certainly the case for both the Iranian government which the CIA deposed in 53 , and the Guatemalan government which the CIA deposed in 54 .
Since US officials , throughout the Cold War , claimed to be defending democracy and the free world , it follows that US foreign policy has not merely been cynically imperialist but thoroughly hypocritical .
Given that the point of this series of articles is to improve our understanding of George W. Bush 's invasion of Iraq , the generally cynical and dishonest imperialism of the US ruling elite , which has never agreed with the wishes of ordinary US citizens , must be kept in mind .
2 . T he 1953 coup in Iranian perspective
__________________________________
Before the 1953 CIA coup , the British were the dominant power in Iran .
The most important aspect of British power in Iran was its control of Iranian oil .
Historian Nikki Keddie summarizes the relationship : “ Iran … [ had ] no say in the [ oil ] company , not even the right to see its books , … [ and was ] paying high prices for Iranian oil .
… The AIOC [ Anglo - Iranian Oil Company ] paid much more money in income taxes to the British government than it did in royalties to the Iranian government .
… The AIOC was seen [ by the Mossadeq - led Iranian patriots ] as a major cause and channel for British influence and control over Iran . ” [ 3 ]
Keddie explains that the royalties paid to Iran were just 26 % of total net profits , but some of that money was recovered by the British anyway because , as we see above , the AIOC ( the biggest industry in Iran ) sold oil to the Iranians at high prices !
Iran was a British possession in all but name .
To guarantee themselves such control over Iran the British had installed their own man in power in a coup in 1921 . [ 4 ]
This man ’s name was originally Reza Khan , but he later had himself crowned monarch and became Reza Shah ( more about him in a forthcoming piece ) .
He was the father of Mohammed Reza Shah , the man whom the CIA later installed in power in 1953 when the democratic and progressive government of Mohammed Mossadeq , an Iranian patriot , tried to stop the plunder of Iran .
Historian Nikki Keddie explains the consequences of the CIA coup : “ The overthrow of the nationalist Mosaddeq regime in August 1953 by an American - and British - supported coup changed postwar Iran ’s situation in several basic ways , most of which remained important for the quarter century of ensuing dictatorial rule .
First , the United States , ...[ which already ] dominated in military and governmental advice and support , now became the dominant power in Iran .
This was reflected in the United States taking a 40 percent share in the oil consortium in 1954 . ” [ 5 ]
So after the 1953 CIA coup , Iranian oil belonged to Britain and the US , not just to Britain .
But it still did n’t belong to Iran .
The man whom the 1953 CIA coup installed in power after deposing the popular and democratic Mohammed Mossadeq was the shah ( king ) Mohammed Reza Pahlavi .
This man was a brutal thug .
To keep himself in power , he made use of “ SAVAK , the secret police force ” which the CIA had created for him , and which was “ the largest force of its kind outside the Communist bloc . ”
This iron - fisted dictator resorted to “ torture ... of political prisoners ... and military courts , ” the better to quash all opposition and ensure a steady flow of Iranian wealth to the United States . [ 1 ]
The excerpt below , from the New York Times , writing in the last days of the shah , does not openly say that Iran under the shah was a slave state of the United States , but it comes close .
“ During the last 20 years the United States has sold more than $ 18 billion worth of arms to Iran and has helped organize and equip a vast security system that gives its ruler , Shah Mohammed Riza Pahlevi , absolute control of the country .
In exchange for that support the shah has committed his country to protect the vital routes out of the Persian Gulf that carry more than half the oil used by Western countries .
Furthermore , the income from his arms purchases plus the American technology he buys to help develop his country return to the United States almost $ 2 annually for every $ 1 the United States spends on Iranian oil . ” [ 2 ]
The United States was not really spending any money on Iranian oil .
As we see the New York Times explaining above , the shah “ return[ed ] to the United States almost $ 2 annually for every $ 1 the United States spends on Iranian oil . ”
This means that all of the money the US was paying in royalties to what the newspapers called the ‘ Iranian government ’ -- in reality a group of gangsters installed by US Intelligence -- was coming back to the US as payments to US arms manufacturers .
In addition , the shah was extorting punitive taxes from the impoverished Iranian peasants , and these taxes were used to buy more US goods .
The ‘ Iranian government ’ spent on “ big showy projects , supersophisticated and expensive weapons , and fancy consumer goods , all of which put Iran in a position of long - term dependence on Western countries , especially the United States , and which were profitable to American companies . ” [ 6 ]
Iran was not really a country .
It was a feudal fractal : the Iranian peasantry was composed of serfs to the Iranian ruling class ( in a frankly medieval arrangement ) , and Iran , as a whole , was a feudal colony of the US .
In order to enforce this state of affairs , the US - installed regime attacked the Iranian population with brutal repression .
“... under the dictatorial regime that developed after 1953 there were increasingly only two ways to deal with opposition , whether religious , nationalist , or Marxist .
One was repression , including jailing , torture , and killing ( the latter two especially in the 1970s ) .
... One part of SAVAK [ the secret service ] was involved in the jailings , beatings , and tortures that became notorious in the years before the [ 1979 ] revolution , but there were also suave , educated operatives in coats and ties who persuaded people of the dangers of speaking or acting out of turn .
In addition , the shah maintained other intelligence services , partly to check on each other .
... With jail , torture , or even death as the possible stakes , it is not surprising that even underground or exile oppositional groups were decimated and suspicious or that within Iran people were increasingly hesitant to discuss politics at all . ” [ 7 ]
The point of reviewing the above historical facts is so that you can see how , when the Ayatollah Khomeini came to power in 1979 , nothing changed except for the rhetoric .
The Iranian people continued to live in a brutally oppressive police state ( except that it claimed to derive its authority from Allah ) , and the United States continued to plunder Iran ( except that Khomeini 's new ‘ Iranian government ’ claimed in public to be an enemy of the United States ) .
As we saw , Khomeini , immediately after taking power , absorbed SAVAK ( i.e. the CIA ) wholesale and made it his own repressive security service .
Then , he provoked a war against Iraq , for which he would need US military equipment because Iran 's entire war materiel was US - made .
The US ruling elite claimed in public to be an enemy of the new ‘ Iranian government , ’ and yet it gave this government $ 5.5 billion in money collected from the American taxpayers after Khomeini seized the US embassy in Tehran . [ 8 ]
Then , the US sent the mullahs billions worth in military equipment , every year , for the duration of the Iran - Iraq war . [ 9 ]
The new ‘ Iranian government ’ bought these arms with money collected with repression from the impoverished Iranians -- the same impoverished Iranians who were sent to die in suicidal ‘ human wave ’ attacks on the Iraqi battlefront .
As before , therefore , a repressive government in Iran was attacking the Iranian people and enriching the United States , and in particular the United States military industry .
This suggests the obvious hypothesis : Since Khomeini betrayed the Iranian revolution of 1979 by imposing Islamism in a coup d'état ( more on this later ) , and since he behaved like a US asset ( even if he talked like an enemy in public ) , then perhaps this ‘ Iranian government , ’ like the shah's , has always belonged to the US .
This would require the US to have a pro-Islamist policy , but as we have seen in the previous piece in this series , a mountain of evidence is strongly consistent with that hypothesis .
The NYT obviously takes a different view .
The article on the 1953 coup ( reproduced in full below ) says : “ The [ 1953 CIA ] coup was a turning point in modern Iranian history and remains a persistent irritant in Tehran - Washington relations .
It consolidated the power of the shah , who ruled with an iron hand for 26 more years in close contact with the United States .
He was toppled by militants in 1979 .
Later that year , marchers went to the American Embassy , took diplomats hostage and declared that they had unmasked a ' nest of spies ' who had been manipulating Iran for decades .
The Islamic government of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini [ which replaced the shah ] supported terrorist attacks against American interests largely because of the long American history of supporting the shah .
” The NYT represents the Ayatollah Khomeini as a genuine enemy of the United States .
That 's one hypothesis .
But the same NYT article reports stuff that is consistent with my hypothesis : when the CIA carried out the 1953 coup , it was ready to make this an Islamist coup if that became practical or necessary : “ ... the C.I.A ... General Zahedi and other key Iranian agents ... agreed to start a counterattack on Aug. 19 , sending a leading cleric from Tehran to the holy city of Qum to try to orchestrate a call for a holy war against Communism .
( The religious forces they were trying to manipulate would years later call the United States ‘ the Great Satan ’ ) ”
The democratic Mossadegh government was not communist , but this was 1953 , when senator Joe McCarthy was at the height of his power with witch hunts in the United States against alleged anti-American communists supposedly hiding in every cupboard ; so in this paranoid climate , the US ruling elite could call anybody it wanted removed a ' communist ' and get away with it .
But what matters most here is what we learn above : that US foreign policy planners certainly had absolutely nothing against mobilizing Muslim holy wars in Iran in 1953 , in order to put their own people in power .
The NYT makes it seem as though the attempt to use Muslim leaders failed , but a Washington Post article from 1978 explained that “ in 1953 , [ Kermit ] Roosevelt [ the leader of the CIA coup ] mobilized huge pro-shah crowds through religious Moslem leaders . ” [ 10 ]
So the CIA had a tight relationship with Iranian Muslim leaders in 1953 -- the same Muslim leaders whom Ayatollah Khomeini again mobilized in 1979 .
Below is the New York Times article with some details of the 1953 coup that put the brutal Mohammed Reza Pahlavi in power .
________________________________________________________
SECRETS OF HISTORY : The C.I.A. in Iran -- A special report . ; How a Plot Convulsed Iran in ' 53 ( and in ' 79 ) The New York Times , April 16 , 2000 , Sunday , Late Edition - Final , Section 1 ; Page 1 ; Column 3 ; Foreign Desk , 4522 words , SECRETS OF HISTORY : The C.I.A. in Iran -- A special report . ; How a Plot Convulsed Iran in ' 53 ( and in ' 79 ) , By JAMES RISEN
________________________________________________________
NYT TEXT : For nearly five decades , America 's role in the military coup that ousted Iran 's elected prime minister and returned the shah to power has been lost to history , the subject of fierce debate in Iran and stony silence in the United States .
One by one , participants have retired or died without revealing key details , and the Central Intelligence Agency said a number of records of the operation -- its first successful overthrow of a foreign government -- had been destroyed .
But a copy of the agency 's secret history of the 1953 coup has surfaced , revealing the inner workings of a plot that set the stage for the Islamic revolution in 1979 , and for a generation of anti-American hatred in one of the Middle East 's most powerful countries .
The document , which remains classified , discloses the pivotal role British intelligence officials played in initiating and planning the coup , and it shows that Washington and London shared an interest in maintaining the West 's control over Iranian oil .
The secret history , written by the C.I.A.'s chief coup planner and obtained by The New York Times , says the operation 's success was mostly a matter of chance .
The document shows that the agency had almost complete contempt for the man it was empowering , Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlevi , whom it derided as a vacillating coward .
And it recounts , for the first time , the agency 's tortured efforts to seduce and cajole the shah into taking part in his own coup .
The operation , code - named TP - Ajax , was the blueprint for a succession of C.I.A. plots to foment coups and destabilize governments during the cold war -- including the agency 's successful coup in Guatemala in 1954 and the disastrous Cuban intervention known as the Bay of Pigs in 1961 .
In more than one instance , such operations led to the same kind of long - term animosity toward the United States that occurred in Iran .
The history says agency officers orchestrating the Iran coup worked directly with royalist Iranian military officers , handpicked the prime minister 's replacement , sent a stream of envoys to bolster the shah 's courage , directed a campaign of bombings by Iranians posing as members of the Communist Party , and planted articles and editorial cartoons in newspapers .
But on the night set for Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh 's overthrow , almost nothing went according to the meticulously drawn plans , the secret history says .
In fact , C.I.A. officials were poised to flee the country when several Iranian officers recruited by the agency , acting on their own , took command of a pro-shah demonstration in Tehran and seized the government .
Two days after the coup , the history discloses , agency officials funneled $ 5 million to Iran to help the government they had installed consolidate power .
The outlines of the American role in the coup were disclosed in Iran at the outset and later in the memoirs of C.I.A. officers and other published accounts .
But many specifics have remained classified , and the secret history obtained by The New York Times is the first detailed government account of the coup to be made public .
The C.I.A. has been slow to make available the Iran files .
Two directors of central intelligence , Robert Gates and R. James Woolsey , vowed to declassify records of the agency 's early covert actions , including the coup .
But the agency said three years ago that a number of relevant documents had been destroyed in the early 1960's .
A C.I.A. spokesman said Friday that the agency had retained about 1,000 pages of documents related to the coup , besides the history and an internal account written later .
He said the papers destroyed in the early 1960's were duplicates and working files .
The chief State Department historian said that his office received a copy of the history seven years ago but that no decision on declassifying it had yet been made .
The secret history , along with operational assessments written by coup planners , was provided to The Times by a former official who kept a copy .
It was written in March 1954 by Dr. Donald N. Wilber , an expert in Persian architecture , who as one of the leading planners believed that covert operatives had much to learn from history .
In less expansive memoirs published in 1986 , Dr. Wilber asserted that the Iran coup was different from later C.I.A. efforts .
Its American planners , he said , had stirred up considerable unrest in Iran , giving Iranians a clear choice between instability and supporting the shah .
The move to oust the prime minister , he wrote , thus gained substantial popular support .
Dr. Wilber 's memoirs were heavily censored by the agency , but he was allowed to refer to the existence of his secret history .
" If this history had been read by the planners of the Bay of Pigs , " he wrote , " there would have been no such operation . "
" From time to time , " he continued , " I gave talks on the operation to various groups within the agency , and , in hindsight , one might wonder why no one from the Cuban desk ever came or read the history . "
The coup was a turning point in modern Iranian history and remains a persistent irritant in Tehran - Washington relations .
It consolidated the power of the shah , who ruled with an iron hand for 26 more years in close contact with the United States .
He was toppled by militants in 1979 .
Later that year , marchers went to the American Embassy , took diplomats hostage and declared that they had unmasked a " nest of spies " who had been manipulating Iran for decades .
The Islamic government of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini supported terrorist attacks against American interests largely because of the long American history of supporting the shah .
Even under more moderate rulers , many Iranians still resent the United States ' role in the coup and its support of the shah .
Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright , in an address in March , acknowledged the coup 's pivotal role in the troubled relationship and came closer to apologizing than any American official ever has before .
" The Eisenhower administration believed its actions were justified for strategic reasons , " she said .
" But the coup was clearly a setback for Iran 's political development .
And it is easy to see now why many Iranians continue to resent this intervention by America in their internal affairs . "
The history spells out the calculations to which Dr. Albright referred in her speech .
Britain , it says , initiated the plot in 1952 .
The Truman administration rejected it , but President Eisenhower approved it shortly after taking office in 1953 , because of fears about oil and Communism .
The document pulls few punches , acknowledging at one point that the agency baldly lied to its British allies .
Dr. Wilber reserves his most withering asides for the agency 's local allies , referring to " the recognized incapacity of Iranians to plan or act in a thoroughly logical manner . "
The Roots : Britain Fights Oil Nationalism
The coup had its roots in a British showdown with Iran , restive under decades of near - colonial British domination .
The prize was Iran 's oil fields .
Britain occupied Iran in World War II to protect a supply route to its ally , the Soviet Union , and to prevent the oil from falling into the hands of the Nazis -- ousting the shah 's father , whom it regarded as unmanageable .
It retained control over Iran 's oil after the war through the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company .
In 1951 , Iran 's Parliament voted to nationalize the oil industry , and legislators backing the law elected its leading advocate , Dr. Mossadegh , as prime minister .
Britain responded with threats and sanctions .
Dr. Mossadegh , a European - educated lawyer then in his early 70's , prone to tears and outbursts , refused to back down .
In meetings in November and December 1952 , the secret history says , British intelligence officials startled their American counterparts with a plan for a joint operation to oust the nettlesome prime minister .
The Americans , who " had not intended to discuss this question at all , " agreed to study it , the secret history says .
It had attractions .
Anti-Communism had risen to a fever pitch in Washington , and officials were worried that Iran might fall under the sway of the Soviet Union , a historical presence there .
In March 1953 , an unexpected development pushed the plot forward : the C.I.A.'s Tehran station reported that an Iranian general had approached the American Embassy about supporting an army - led coup .
The newly inaugurated Eisenhower administration was intrigued .
The coalition that elected Dr. Mossadegh was splintering , and the Iranian Communist Party , the Tudeh , had become active .
Allen W. Dulles , the director of central intelligence , approved $ 1 million on April 4 to be used " in any way that would bring about the fall of Mossadegh , " the history says .
" The aim was to bring to power a government which would reach an equitable oil settlement , enabling Iran to become economically sound and financially solvent , and which would vigorously prosecute the dangerously strong Communist Party . "
Within days agency officials identified a high - ranking officer , Gen. Fazlollah Zahedi , as the man to spearhead a coup .
Their plan called for the shah to play a leading role .
" A shah - General Zahedi combination , supported by C.I.A. local assets and financial backing , would have a good chance of overthrowing Mossadegh , " officials wrote , " particularly if this combination should be able to get the largest mobs in the streets and if a sizable portion of the Tehran garrison refused to carry out Mossadegh 's orders . "
But according to the history , planners had doubts about whether the shah could carry out such a bold operation .
His family had seized Iran 's throne just 32 years earlier , when his powerful father led a coup of his own .
But the young shah , agency officials wrote , was " by nature a creature of indecision , beset by formless doubts and fears , " often at odds with his family , including Princess Ashraf , his " forceful and scheming twin sister . "
Also , the shah had what the C.I.A. termed a " pathological fear " of British intrigues , a potential obstacle to a joint operation .
In May 1953 the agency sent Dr. Wilber to Cyprus to meet Norman Darbyshire , chief of the Iran branch of British intelligence , to make initial coup plans .
Assuaging the fears of the shah was high on their agenda ; a document from the meeting said he was to be persuaded that the United States and Britain " consider the oil question secondary . "
The conversation at the meeting turned to a touchy subject , the identity of key agents inside Iran .
The British said they had recruited two brothers named Rashidian .
The Americans , the secret history discloses , did not trust the British and lied about the identity of their best " assets " inside Iran .
C.I.A. officials were divided over whether the plan drawn up in Cyprus could work .
The Tehran station warned headquarters that the " the shah would not act decisively against Mossadegh . "
And it said General Zahedi , the man picked to lead the coup , " appeared lacking in drive , energy and concrete plans . "
Despite the doubts , the agency 's Tehran station began disseminating " gray propaganda , " passing out anti-Mossadegh cartoons in the streets and planting unflattering articles in the local press .
The Plotting : Trying to Persuade A Reluctant Shah
The plot was under way , even though the shah was a reluctant warrior and Mr. Eisenhower had yet to give his final approval .
In early June , American and British intelligence officials met again , this time in Beirut , and put the finishing touches on the strategy .
Soon afterward , the chief of the C.I.A.'s Near East and Africa division , Kermit Roosevelt , a grandson of Theodore Roosevelt , arrived in Tehran to direct it .
The shah was a problem from the start .
The plan called for him to stand fast as the C.I.A. stirred up popular unrest and then , as the country lurched toward chaos , to issue royal decrees dismissing Dr. Mossadegh and appointing General Zahedi prime minister .
The agency sought to " produce such pressure on the shah that it would be easier for him to sign the papers required of him than it would be to refuse , " the secret history states .
Officials turned to his sister for help .
On July 11 , President Eisenhower finally signed off on the plan .
At about the same time , C.I.A. and British intelligence officers visited Princess Ashraf on the French Riviera and persuaded her to return to Iran and tell her brother to follow the script .
The return of the unpopular princess unleashed a storm of protest from pro-Mossadegh forces .
The shah was furious that she had come back without his approval and refused at first to see her .
But a palace staff member -- another British agent , according to the secret history -- gained Ashraf access on July 29 .
The history does not reveal what the siblings said to each other .
But the princess gave her brother the news that C.I.A. officials had enlisted Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf in the coup campaign .
General Schwarzkopf , the father of the Persian Gulf war commander , had befriended the shah a decade earlier while leading the United States military mission to Iran , and he told the agency " he was sure he could get the required cooperation .
"
The British , too , sought to sway the shah and assure him their agents spoke for London .
A British agent , Asadollah Rashidian , approached him in late July and invited him to select a phrase that would then be broadcast at prearranged times on the BBC's Persian - language program -- as proof that Mr. Rashidian spoke for the British .
The exercise did not seem to have much effect .
The shah told Mr. Rashidian on July 30 and 31 that he had heard the broadcast , but " requested time to assess the situation . "
In early August , the C.I.A. stepped up the pressure .
Iranian operatives pretending to be Communists threatened Muslim leaders with " savage punishment if they opposed Mossadegh , " seeking to stir anti-Communist sentiment in the religious community .
In addition , the secret history says , the house of at least one prominent Muslim was bombed by C.I.A. agents posing as Communists .
It does not say whether anyone was hurt in this attack .
The agency was also intensifying its propaganda campaign .
A leading newspaper owner was granted a personal loan of about $ 45,000 , " in the belief that this would make his organ amenable to our purposes . "
But the shah remained intransigent .
In an Aug. 1 meeting with General Schwarzkopf , he refused to sign the C.I.A. - written decrees firing Mr. Mossadegh and appointing General Zahedi .
He said he doubted that the army would support him in a showdown .
During the meeting , the document says , the shah was so convinced that the palace was bugged that he " led the general into the grand ballroom , pulled a small table to its exact center " and got onto it to talk , insisting that the general do the same .
" This meeting was to be followed by a series of additional ones , some between Roosevelt and the shah and some between Rashidian and the shah , in which relentless pressure was exerted in frustrating attempts to overcome an entrenched attitude of vacillation and indecision , " the history states .
Dr. Mossadegh had by now figured out that there was a plot against him .
He moved to consolidate power by calling for a national referendum to dissolve Parliament .
The results of the Aug. 4 referendum were clearly rigged in his favor ;
The New York Times reported the same day that the prime minister had won 99.9 percent of the vote .
This only helped the plotters , providing " an issue on which Mossadegh could be relentlessly attacked " by the agency - backed opposition press .
But the shah still would n't move against Dr. Mossadegh .
" On Aug. 3rd , " the secret history says , " Roosevelt had a long and inconclusive session with the shah , " who " stated that he was not an adventurer , and hence , could not take the chances of one .
" Roosevelt pointed out that there was no other way by which the government could be changed and the test was now between Mossadegh and his force and the shah and the army , which was still with him , but which would soon slip away . "
Mr. Roosevelt told the shah " that failure to act could lead only to a Communist Iran or to a second Korea . "
Still haunted by doubts , the shah asked Mr. Roosevelt if President Eisenhower could tell him what to do .
" By complete coincidence and great good fortune , " the secret history says , " the president , while addressing the governors ' convention in Seattle on 4 August , deviated from his script to state by implication that the United States would not sit by idly and see Iran fall behind the Iron Curtain . "
By Aug. 10 , the shah had finally agreed to see General Zahedi and a few army officers involved in the plot , but still refused to sign the decrees .
The C.I.A. then sent Mr. Rashidian to say Mr. Roosevelt " would leave in complete disgust unless the shah took action within a few days . "
The shah finally signed the decrees on Aug. 13 .
Word that he would support an army - led coup spread rapidly among the army officers backing General Zahedi .
The Coup : First Few Days Look Disastrous
The coup began on the night of Aug. 15 and was immediately compromised by a talkative Iranian Army officer whose remarks were relayed to Mr. Mossadegh .
The operation , the secret history says , " still might have succeeded in spite of this advance warning had not most of the participants proved to be inept or lacking in decision at the critical juncture . "
Dr. Mossadegh 's chief of staff , Gen. Taghi Riahi , learned of the plot hours before it was to begin and sent his deputy to the barracks of the Imperial Guard .
The deputy was arrested there , according to the history , just as pro-shah soldiers were fanning out across the city arresting other senior officials .
Telephone lines between army and government offices were cut , and the telephone exchange was occupied .
But phones inexplicably continued to function , which gave Dr. Mossadegh 's forces a key advantage .
General Riahi also eluded the pro-shah units , rallying commanders to the prime minister 's side .
Pro-shah soldiers sent to arrest Dr. Mossadegh at his home were instead captured .
The top military officer working with General Zahedi fled when he saw tanks and loyal government soldiers at army headquarters .
The next morning , the history states , the Tehran radio announced that a coup against the government had failed , and Dr. Mossadegh scrambled to strengthen his hold on the army and key installations .
C.I.A. officers inside the embassy were flying blind ; the history says they had " no way of knowing what was happening . "
Mr. Roosevelt left the embassy and tracked down General Zahedi , who was in hiding north of Tehran .
Surprisingly , the general was not ready to abandon the operation .
The coup , the two men agreed , could still work , provided they could persuade the public that General Zahedi was the lawful prime minister .
To accomplish this , the history discloses , the coup plotters had to get out the news that the shah had signed the two decrees .
The C.I.A. station in Tehran sent a message to The Associated Press in New York , asserting that " unofficial reports are current to the effect that leaders of the plot are armed with two decrees of the shah , one dismissing Mossadegh and the other appointing General Zahedi to replace him . "
The C.I.A. and its agents also arranged for the decrees to be mentioned in some Tehran papers , the history says .
The propaganda initiative quickly bogged down .
Many of the C.I.A.'s Iranian agents were under arrest or on the run .
That afternoon , agency operatives prepared a statement from General Zahedi that they hoped to distribute publicly .
But they could not find a printing press that was not being watched by forces loyal to the prime minister .
On Aug. 16 , prospects of reviving the operation were dealt a seemingly a fatal blow when it was learned that the shah had bolted to Baghdad .
C.I.A. headquarters cabled Tehran urging Mr. Roosevelt , the station chief , to leave immediately .
He did not agree , insisting that there was still " a slight remaining chance of success , " if the shah would broadcast an address on the Baghdad radio and General Zahedi took an aggressive stand .
The first sign that the tide might turn came with reports that Iranian soldiers had broken up Tudeh , or Communist , groups , beating them and making them chant their support for the shah .
" The station continued to feel that the project was not quite dead , " the secret history recounts .
Meanwhile , Dr. Mossadegh had overreached , playing into the C.I.A.'s hands by dissolving Parliament after the coup .
On the morning of Aug. 17 the shah finally announced from Baghdad that he had signed the decrees -- though he had by now delayed so long that plotters feared it was too late .
At this critical point Dr. Mossadegh let down his guard .
Lulled by the shah 's departure and the arrests of some officers involved in the coup , the government recalled most troops it had stationed around the city , believing that the danger had passed .
That night the C.I.A. arranged for General Zahedi and other key Iranian agents and army officers to be smuggled into the embassy compound " in the bottom of cars and in closed jeeps " for a " council of war . "
They agreed to start a counterattack on Aug. 19 , sending a leading cleric from Tehran to the holy city of Qum to try to orchestrate a call for a holy war against Communism .
( The religious forces they were trying to manipulate would years later call the United States " the Great Satan . " )
Using travel papers forged by the C.I.A. , key army officers went to outlying army garrisons to persuade commanders to join the coup .
Once again , the shah disappointed the C.I.A .
He left Baghdad for Rome the next day , apparently an exile .
Newspapers supporting Dr. Mossadegh reported that the Pahlevi dynasty had come to an end , and a statement from the Communist Party 's central committee attributed the coup attempt to " Anglo - American intrigue . "
Demonstrators ripped down imperial statues -- as they would again 26 years later during the Islamic revolution .
The C.I.A. station cabled headquarters for advice on whether to " continue with TP - Ajax or withdraw . "
" Headquarters spent a day featured by depression and despair , " the history states , adding , " The message sent to Tehran on the night of Aug. 18 said that ' the operation has been tried and failed , ' and that ' in the absence of strong recommendations to the contrary operations against Mossadegh should be discontinued . ' "
The Success : C.I.A. and Moscow Are Both Surprised
But just as the Americans were ready to quit , the mood on the streets of Tehran shifted .
On the morning of Aug. 19 , several Tehran papers published the shah 's long - awaited decrees , and soon pro-shah crowds were building in the streets .
" They needed only leadership , " the secret history says .
And Iranian agents of the C.I.A. provided it .
Without specific orders , a journalist who was one of the agency 's most important Iranian agents led a crowd toward Parliament , inciting people to set fire to the offices of a newspaper owned by Dr. Mossadegh 's foreign minister .
Another Iranian C.I.A. agent led a crowd to sack the offices of pro-Tudeh papers .
" The news that something quite startling was happening spread at great speed throughout the city , " the history states .
The C.I.A. tried to exploit the situation , sending urgent messages that the Rashidian brothers and two key American agents should " swing the security forces to the side of the demonstrators . "
But things were now moving far too quickly for the agency to manage .
An Iranian Army colonel who had been involved in the plot several days earlier suddenly appeared outside Parliament with a tank , while members of the now - disbanded Imperial Guard seized trucks and drove through the streets .
" By 10:15 there were pro-shah truckloads of military personnel at all the main squares , " the secret history says .
By noon the crowds began to receive direct leadership from a few officers involved in the plot and some who had switched sides .
Within an hour the central telegraph office fell , and telegrams were sent to the provinces urging a pro-shah uprising .
After a brief shootout , police headquarters and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs fell as well .
The Tehran radio remained the biggest prize .
With the government 's fate uncertain , it was broadcasting a program on cotton prices .
But by early afternoon a mass of civilians , army officers and policemen overwhelmed it .
Pro-shah speakers went on the air , broadcasting the coup 's success and reading the royal decrees .
At the embassy , C.I.A. officers were elated , and Mr. Roosevelt got General Zahedi out of hiding .
An army officer found a tank and drove him to the radio station , where he spoke to the nation .
Dr. Mossadegh and other government officials were rounded up , while officers supporting General Zahedi placed " known supporters of TP - Ajax " in command of all units of the Tehran garrison .
The Soviet Union was caught completely off - guard .
Even as the Mossadegh government was falling , the Moscow radio was broadcasting a story on " the failure of the American adventure in Iran . "
But C.I.A. headquarters was as surprised as Moscow .
When news of the coup 's success arrived , it " seemed to be a bad joke , in view of the depression that still hung on from the day before , " the history says .
Throughout the day , Washington got most of its information from news agencies , receiving only two cablegrams from the station .
Mr. Roosevelt later explained that if he had told headquarters what was going on , " London and Washington would have thought they were crazy and told them to stop immediately , " the history states .
Still , the C.I.A. took full credit inside the government .
The following year it overthrew the government of Guatemala , and a myth developed that the agency could topple governments anywhere in the world .
Iran proved that third world king - making could be heady .
" It was a day that should never have ended , " the C.I.A.'s secret history said , describing Aug. 19 , 1953 .
" For it carried with it such a sense of excitement , of satisfaction and of jubilation that it is doubtful whether any other can come up to it . "
' Gentleman Spy ' at Helm Donald Wilber , who planned the coup in Iran and wrote its secret history , was old - school C.I.A. , a Princetonian and a Middle East architecture expert who fit neatly into the mold of the " gentleman spy . "
Years of wandering through Middle Eastern architectural sites gave him the perfect cover for a clandestine life .
By 1953 , he was an obvious choice as the operation 's strategist .
The coup was the high point of his life as a spy .
Although he would excel in academia , at the agency being part - time was a handicap .
" I never requested promotion , and was given only one , after the conclusion of Ajax , " Dr. Wilber wrote of the Iran operation .
On his last day , " I was ushered down to the lobby by a young secretary , turned over my badge to her and left . "
He added , " This treatment rankled for some time .
I did deserve the paperweight . "
He died in 1997 at 89 . [ NYT TEXT ENDS HERE ]
__________________________________________________
Footnotes and Further Reading
__________________________________________________
" GRAND THEATER : THE US , THE PLO , AND THE AYATOLLAH KHOMEINI .
Why did the US government , in 1979 , delegate to the PLO the task of negotiating the safety of American hostages at the US embassy in Tehran ? " ; Historical and Investigative Research ; 10 December 2005 ; by Francisco Gil - White
http://www.hirhome.com/iraniraq/plo-iran.htm
" WHY BUSH Sr.'s 1991 GULF WAR ?
TO PROTECT IRANIAN ISLAMISM ;
Like father , like son : this is also the purpose of Bush Jr. 's war . " ; Historical and Investigative Research ; 20 December 2005 ; by Francisco Gil - White
http://www.hirhome.com/iraniraq/gulfwar.htm
How the New York Times Lied to the
Public in ' 53 , as it does now Re-print of 16 April 2000 New York Times article ; with commentary by Francisco Gil - White Historical and Investigative Research , 5 Jan 2006
http://www.hirhome.com/iraniraq/iran-coup.htm
________________________________________________________
“ The Iran desk of the State Department ... was able to place a C.I.A. study in Newsweek , ‘ using the normal channel of desk officer to journalist . ’
The article was one of several planted press reports that , when reprinted in Tehran , fed the ‘ war of nerves ’ against Iran ’ s prime minister , Mohammed Mossadegh . ” The above quote appeared in a NYT article form the same day as the one at left , by the same author , reporting the complicit role of the US press in the 1953 CIA coup in Iran .
HIR reprints this article below .
Inserted throughout are comments by HIR editor Francisco Gil - White that point out the misinformation tactics employed by the NYT 's editors .
The point of this misinformation is to prevent the reader from understanding just how complete the control of the US press by the CIA already was in 1953 .
For example , the title of the article ( see below ) completely denies the article 's contents !
«« NOTE : For the story of the 1953 CIA coup in Iran ,
as narrated by the New York Times , see article at left .
________________________________________________________
C.I.A. TRIED , WITH LITTLE SUCCESS , TO USE U.S. PRESS IN COUP The New York Times , April 16 , 2000 , Sunday , Late Edition - Final , Section 1 ; Page 14 ; Column 1 ; Foreign Desk , 842 words , C.I.A. TRIED , WITH LITTLE SUCCESS , TO USE U.S. PRESS IN COUP , By James Risen , Washington , April 15 ________________________________________________________
NYT TEXT : Central Intelligence Agency officials plotting the 1953 coup in Iran hoped to plant articles in American newspapers saying Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlevi 's return resulted from a homegrown revolt against a Communist - leaning government , internal agency documents show .
Those hopes were largely disappointed .
The C.I.A.'s history of the coup says that its operatives had only limited success in manipulating American reporters and that none of the Americans covering the coup worked for the agency .
An analysis of the press coverage shows that American journalists filed straightforward , factual dispatches that prominently mentioned the role of Iran 's Communists in street violence leading up to the coup .
Western correspondents in Iran and Washington never reported that some of the unrest had been stage - managed by C.I.A. agents posing as Communists .
And they gave little emphasis to accurate contemporaneous reports in Iranian newspapers and on the Moscow radio asserting that Western powers were secretly arranging the shah 's return to power .
________________________________________
COMMENT , by Francisco Gil - White
Here we must stop .
Before I analyze the distortion -- nay , the complete reversal of the truth -- that has already taken place , an important observation : it is well known that most people do not read whole articles but merely glance at an article 's headline , and if they go further they will tend to read only the first paragraph or two .
So notice what happened here : the headline says , " C.I.A . TRIED , WITH LITTLE SUCCESS , TO USE U.S. PRESS IN COUP . "
Immediately following this , we are told that the CIA " hoped to plant articles ...[ describing ] ... a homegrown revolt against a Communist - leaning government ...[ but ] ... those hopes were largely disappointed ...[ and ] had only limited success in manipulating American reporters ... none [ of whom ] ... worked for the agency . "
This restates and expands slightly the thrust of the headline .
Thus , we have ( 1 ) the headline , ( 2 ) the first paragraph , ( 3 ) the topic sentence of the second paragraph , and ( 4 ) the first half of the second paragraph all saying the same thing : the CIA failed to manipulate the US press ( partly because , we are told , the agency supposedly did n't have any CIA operatives working inside the US press ) .
A reader could be forgiven for expecting that this article will give us details on how the CIA tried but failed to get the US press to assist in the covert effort to destabilize Iran .
What a shocking surprise , then , for those who read far enough to finish the second paragraph , to find , 1 ) that Western journalists " prominently mentioned the [ supposed ] role of Iran 's Communists in street violence leading up to the coup " ; 2 ) that Western journalists " never reported that some of the unrest had been stage - managed by C.I.A. agents posing as Communists " ; and 3 ) that Western journalists " gave little emphasis to accurate contemporaneous reports in the Iranian and Moscow press that alleged the Western powers were playing a secret role in bringing the Shah back to power . "
In other words , the Western press made it seem as though the violence in the streets was a lot of Communist agitation , but never reported that the CIA was behind it , and neither did they comment on the version of events reported in the Iranian and Moscow press , which just happened to be the truth .
So the press did precisely what the CIA wanted .
But the CIA was unable to influence the press ?
What is the New York Times doing ?
It appears that the author wrote a straightforward piece and then the editors introduced key sentences in the headline and first two paragraphs to contradict and obfuscate the meaning of the article ( because the headline and first paragraph are all that most people read ) .
« « Consider also that the NYT article reproduced at left states very clearly that the CIA " had stirred up considerable unrest in Iran , giving Iranians a clear choice between instability and supporting the shah . "
Why then does this article say that some of the unrest ( see above ) was due to CIA efforts ?
Because this piece is trying to protect the prestige of the US press from the scandal that it fully cooperated with the CIA in the 1953 coup .
The more Iranian unrest is attributed to the CIA , the worse the US press looks for lying about it .
________________________________________
BACK TO NYT TEXT :
It was just eight years after the end of World War II , which left American journalists with a sense of national interest framed by six years of confrontation between the Allies and the Axis .
The front pages of Western newspapers were dominated by articles about the new global confrontation with the Soviet Union , about Moscow 's prowess in developing nuclear weapons and about Congressional allegations of " Red " influence in Washington .
In one instance , the history says , a C.I.A. officer who had been a reporter was apparently able to use his old contacts at The Associated Press to put on the news wire an article from Tehran about royal decrees that the C.I.A. itself had written .
But mostly , the agency relied on less direct means to exploit the American media .
________________________________________
COMMENT , by Francisco Gil - White
Did you notice ?
The article is explaining that American journalists were ready to believe that Communists were everywhere threatening America .
This is precisely the kind of explanation one would find in an article that has as its main thrust to explain how the CIA was able to manipulate the US press .
Next we are told that a CIA officer , a former journalist , used his contacts to put information in an Associated Press wire .
But the agency , the article explains further , mostly " relied on less direct means to exploit the American media . "
In other words , the CIA succeeded in using direct means ( that is , planting stories ) , but mostly exploited the press ( i.e. succeeded in manipulating it ) through less direct means .
This is clearly a story of CIA success , contrary to the headline , which , I remind you , reads : " C.I.A . TRIED , WITH LITTLE SUCCESS , TO USE U.S. PRESS IN COUP . "
It seems increasingly unlikely that the author could be responsible for the headline , which looks more and more like it was tacked on for the majority of readers who will not read this far ( and for those who do read this far the headline will make reasoning difficult ) .
________________________________________
BACK TO NYT TEXT : The Iran desk of the State Department , the document says , was able to place a C.I.A. study in Newsweek , " using the normal channel of desk officer to journalist . "
The article was one of several planted press reports that , when reprinted in Tehran , fed the " war of nerves " against Iran 's prime minister , Mohammed Mossadegh .
The history says the Iran operation exposed the agency 's shortcomings in manipulating the American press .
The C.I.A. " lacked contacts capable of placing material so that the American publisher was unwitting as to its source . "
________________________________________
COMMENT , by Francisco Gil - White
I bet you caught that one : another dramatic story of CIA success , this time planting a story in Newsweek " using the normal channel of desk officer to journalist . "
The normal channel .
In other words , it is normal for State Department desk officers to plant phony CIA material in the US press ?
Well , it must be , because the next sentence explains this was only one of several : " The article was one of several planted press reports ... "
And again we can see what is probably the hand of the editor , rushing to confuse by telling us that " the Iran operation exposed the agency 's shortcomings in manipulating the American press . "
But so far we have heard nothing but dramatic stories of CIA success !
What shortcomings ?
________________________________________
BACK TO NYT TEXT :
The history discloses that a C.I.A. officer , working under cover as the embassy 's press officer , drove two American reporters to a house outside Tehran where they were shown the shah 's decrees dismissing the prime minister .
Kennett Love , the New York Times reporter in Tehran during the coup , wrote about the royal decrees in the newspaper the next day , without mentioning how he had seen them .
In an interview , he said he had agreed to the embassy official 's ground rules that he not report the American role in arranging the trip .
Mr. Love said he did not know at the time that the official worked for the C.I.A .
After the coup succeeded , Mr. Love did in one article briefly refer to Iranian press reports of American involvement , and The New York Times also published an article from Moscow reporting Soviet charges that the United States was behind the coup .
But neither The Times nor other American news organizations appear to have examined such charges seriously .
________________________________________
COMMENT , by Francisco Gil - White
Things are getting clearer all the time .
We are told that the New York Times reporter at the time was perfectly duped by the CIA and did exactly what the CIA wanted him to do .
The press , including the NYT , did not publish any reference to the role of the CIA until after the coup succeeded , and then only as an allegation made by Moscow -- one that was not examined seriously .
So the New York Times editors obviously had a motive to change the headline and opening paragraph of this article , for in this way they can prevent most readers ( who will read only that ) from learning about NYT 's shameful role in the destruction of a democracy , and in the abuse and murder of innocent people .
________________________________________
BACK TO NYT TEXT :
In a 1960 paper he wrote while studying at Princeton University , Mr. Love explained that he " was responsible , in an impromptu sort of way , for speeding the final victory of the royalists . "
Seeing a half - dozen tanks parked in front of Tehran 's radio station , he said , " I told the tank commanders that a lot of people were getting killed trying to storm Dr. Mossadegh 's house and that they would be of some use instead of sitting idle at the radio station . "
He added , " They took their machines in a body to Kokh Avenue and put the three tanks at Dr. Mossadegh 's house out of action . "
Mr. Love , who left The New York Times in 1962 , said in an interview that he had urged the tanks into action " because I wanted to stop the bloodshed . "
Months afterward , Mr. Love says , he was told by Robert C. Doty , then Cairo bureau chief and his boss , of evidence of American involvement in the coup .
But Mr. Doty , who died in 1974 , did not write about the matter , and by the summer of 1954 , Mr. Love decided to tell the New York office what he knew .
In a July 26 , 1954 , letter to Emanuel R. Freedman , then the foreign editor , Mr. Love wrote , " The only instance since I joined The Times in which I have allowed policy to influence a strict news approach was in failing to report the role our own agents played in the overthrow of Mossadegh . "
Mr. Love said he had hoped that the foreign editor would order him to pursue the subject .
But he never received any response , he said .
" I wanted to let Freedman know that I knew there had been U.S. involvement in the coup , but that I had n't written about it , " he said .
" I expected him to say , ' Jump on that story . '
But there was no response . "
Mr. Freedman died in 1971 .
END OF NYT ARTICLE
FINAL COMMENT , by Francisco Gil - White
At this point matters can hardly be clearer .
The Times reporter whom the CIA duped , Kennett Love , learned of " of American involvement in the coup " a few months after it succeeded .
From whom ?
From " Robert C. Doty , then Cairo bureau chief and his boss " at The New York Times .
Please stop and read the above paragraph again .
Doty , the boss of the beat reporter whom the CIA duped , knew all about it .
And yet The New York Times reported that CIA involvement in the Iranian coup was just a contemptible Soviet allegation !
The higher ups at The New York Times knew , and they lied .
Shortly thereafter , Love sent a letter to Emanuel R. Freedman , the foreign editor at the time for The New York Times .
Filled with remorse , Love explained that this was the only time he had allowed views on policy to affect reporting and he was hoping that Freedman , as a journalist , " would order him to pursue the subject . "
Love said : " I wanted to let Freedman know that I knew there had been U.S. involvement in the coup , but that I had n't written about it , " he said .
" I expected him to say , ' Jump on that story . '
But there was no response . "
Love may have been a real journalist .
Consider : 1 ) He says he is filled with remorse because in one particular instance he did n't report the facts as he knew them ; 2 ) he realizes that many others did n't either ; 3 ) he thinks that therefore he has got an explosive story of journalistic misconduct on his hands and that his editor will ask him to " jump on that story " because ... well because that would be a great scoop : the untold story of US press corruption in the CIA - staged Iranian coup of 1953 !
But his editor did ... what ?
Nothing .
He did not even reply .
Naturally , because , as we have seen in the case of Doty , the higher ups already knew all about this .
They were knowingly cooperating with the CIA .
Now you can appreciate how important it is for the NYT to change the headline of this article .
They may have decided that it was less risky to publish the article than to pick a fight with Risen , the author .
So they controlled the damage by rewriting the headline and first two paragraphs , which is all that the vast majority of people ever reads .
But this suggests , of course , that The New York Times is not a real newspaper , like it was n't way back in 1953 .
And why should this surprise us ?
If the CIA control over the US press was already so tight in 1953 that it could just plant stories if it wanted to , what would be the CIA 's motive to relinquish that control over the press and allow it to be free later ?
If you cannot think of a motive , then you do not have a good reason to expect that the US press is free in the year 2006 .
But how did the CIA acquire such complete control over the US press already in 1953 ?
I think the answer to that question is that only 6 years earlier , in 1947 , the US Congress had approved the National Security Act .
This act gave US Intelligence the power to corrupt the press .
To read an analysis of that , visit : " DID THE NATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 1947 DESTROY FREEDOM OF THE PRESS ? :
The red pill ... " ; Historical and Investigative Research ; 31 December 2005 ; by Francisco Gil - White
http://www.hirhome.com/national-security.htm
Yesterday I gave a presentation at Jazoon 09 about using Scala for scripting RESTful web applications with Apache Sling .
In the session I showed how to take advantage of Scala to create RESTful web applications with Apache Sling .
I demonstrated how to uses its DSL capability and support for XML literals to create type safe web site templates .
In contrast to conventional web site template mechanisms ( e.g. JSP ) , this does not rely on a pre-processor but rather uses pure Scala code .
There are Session slides and support material available here .
The support material contains a fully workable demo application .
A Scala scripting bundle for Sling is also included .
Athletes .
They ’re our heroes and our villains .
They make millions in their 20s and are flat broke in their 40s .
They sleep with hundreds of women and do n’t think twice about knocking them up , whether they ’re married or not .
This is not to say that they do not care for their children , and they may even provide for them , but I ca n’t help but think the people on this list should be frowned upon for their procreation habits .
Kids , if you ’re reading , try not to be like these guys when it comes to the act of child - making .
And to be fair , I ’ll note their positive qualities ( if any ) .
It is Father ’s Day , after all .
10 Larry Johnson NBA
5 kids by 4 women ; 3 are illegitimate
Remember “ Grandmama ? ” Despite being a cross dresser , Johnson spent his pro career with the Charlotte Hornets and New York Knicks .
In 2007 , Johnson received a bachelor of arts degree in social science studies from UNLV .
9 Ray Lewis NFL
Rumored to have 6 children by 4 women
This Baltimore Raven ( since 1996 ) has been involved in charitable activities throughout his career and started the Ray Lewis 52 Foundation , which is a non-profit corporation whose mission is to provide personal and economic assistance to disadvantaged youth .
8 Marshall Faulk NFL
Rumored to have 6 children by 3 women
Faulk , who spent his career with Indianapolis and St. Louis , currently resides in San Diego and has also has a charitable foundation there .
7 Shawn Kemp NBA
7 kids by 6 women ( some rumors put these numbers much higher )
This longtime Supersonic was never married and had a cocaine problem .
6 Derrick Thomas NFL
7 kids by 5 women at the time of his death at age 33 in 2000
Thomas left no will , and his children ’s mothers filed suit with the probate court for a share of his $ 1.16 million in assets , touching off a lengthy court battle .
5 Willie Anderson NBA
9 kids by 7 women
He played for the Spurs , Raptors , Knicks and Heat .
Not surprisingly , he got into trouble with not paying child support .
4 Jason Caffey NBA
10 children by 8 women
Caffey was arrested in 2007 for failure to pay child support .
He went to bankruptcy court seeking protection from creditors .
A bankruptcy court judge rejected his claims , allowing an Atlanta family court judge to issue a warrant for his arrest for failure to pay $ 200,000 in back child support and legal fees to the mother of his six year old son .
3 Evander Holyfield Boxing
At least 11 children , 9 out of wedlock
Holyfield is a born - again Christian .
And he kept reminding people of that as he continued having children .
In 2008 , Holyfield ’s $ 10 million Atlanta estate was to be auctioned due to foreclosure .
Toi Irvin , mother of his son , filed suit for non-payment of two months child support ( he pays $ 3,000 per month for this child ) .
A Utah landscaping firm also has gone to court seeking $ 550,000 in unpaid debt for services .
2 Travis Henry NFL
11 kids by 10 women
According to WGR 550 SportsRadio , the former Bills running back will serve ten years to life in prison for cocaine distribution and will have to pay $ 4 million in fines .
And yes , he has been in big trouble for failing to pay child support .
1 Calvin Murphy NBA
14 kids by 9 women
Murphy , who played guard for the Houston Rockets from 1970 - 1983 , won a national championship in baton twirling in 1963 , is in the NBA Hall of Fame , hosts ESPN Radio ’s “ Calvin Murphy Show ” and is involved in the NBA ’s mentoring program .
But 14 kids by 9 women ?
Ick .
Number one , for sure .
Oh yeah , he was accused of , and acquitted of , molesting five of his daughters .
For everything you ever wanted to know about Athletes with Illegitimate Kids , including many more that did n’t make the cut for this list , check out FanIQ .
Ones we ’ll be adding to this list : Antonio Cromartie , who has 9 kids with 8 mothers ,
This site will help collect and show the temperatures of Apple Macintosh computers using the new processors by Intel .
All new computers that have n't faced the trail of time will have problems and issues that can make users mad and furious .
As with the new MacBook Pro machines where were , and still are , problems with heat dissipation .
After scouting forums and help sites for information about what temperatures I can expect on a new MacBook , but that turned out to be harder and more scattered than I first imagined .
That 's the main motive behind this site and it did n't take too long to setup as I had the base code handy from another site . -
2016 -05 - 15 :
The model database has been updated with the latest models up to may 2016 , a few spam comments has been cleared and the site now runs exclusively on HTTPS / SSL !
The site is going strong and new postings are coming in at a steady pace .
If you can't find your model number in the list , please go to everymac.com and find the related sub -model .
Submit Temperature Entry IMPORTANT : Before you fill out this form and submit your information to the database , please follow some simple guidelines to make make sure the measurements are as accurate as possible .
We 'll have more valuable data if every entry is measured and recorded using similar practices .
How to do this is described in the link below .
If you need help filling out the fields , click the questionmark for some quick guidance .
How to correctly measure temperatures 1 . Profile details :
Your name / nick : ?
Your e-mail : ( for edit ) ?
Show e-mail address publicly Verification code : ? - Enter code :
2. Computer details : Select base model : ?
ANY Introduced 2006-01-10 iMac 17 - inch 1.83 GHz - MA199LL iMac 20 - inch 2.0 GHz - MA200LL MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 1.83 GHz - MA463LL / A MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 2.0 GHz - MA464LL / A Introduced 2006-02-28 Mac mini 1.5 GHz - MA205LL / A Mac mini 1.66 GHz - MA206LL / A Introduced 2006 -04 -27 MacBook Pro 17 - inch 2.16 GHz - MA092LL / A Introduced 2006 -05 - 16 MacBook 13 - inch 1.83 GHz
White - MA254LL / A MacBook 13 - inch 2.0 GHz
White - MA255LL / A MacBook 13 - inch 2.0 GHz Black - MA472LL / A MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 2.0 GHz - MA600LL MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 2.16 GHz - MA601LL Introduced 2006-08-07 Mac Pro - MA356LL / A Introduced 2006-09-06 iMac 24 - inch 2.16 GHz - MA456LL iMac 20 - inch 2.16 GHz - MA589LL iMac 17 - inch 2.0 GHz - MA590LL Mac mini 1.66 GHz - MA607LL / A Mac mini 1.83 GHz - MA608LL / A iMac 17 - inch 1.83 GHz - MA710LL Introduced 2006 - 10 - 24 MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 2.16 GHz - MA609LL MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 2.33 GHz - MA610LL MacBook Pro 17 - inch 2.33 GHz - MA611LL / A Introduced 2006 - 11-08 MacBook C2D 1.83GHz
White - MA699LL / A MacBook C2D 2.00 GHz
White - MA700LL / A MacBook C2D 2.0GHz Black - MA701LL / A Introduced 2007-05 - 16 MacBook C2D 2.16 GHz Black - MB063LL / A Introduced 2007-06-05 MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 2.2 GHz - MA895LL MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 2.4 GHz - MA896LL MacBook Pro 17 - inch 2.4 GHz - MA897LL / A Introduced 2007-06 - 16 MacBook C2D 2.0GHz
White - MB061LL / A MacBook C2D 2.16GHz
White - MB062LL / A Introduced 2007-08-07 iMac 20 - inch 2.0 GHz
Alu - MA876LL iMac 20 - inch 2.4 GHz
Alu - MA877LL iMac 24 - inch 2.4 GHz
Alu - MA878LL Mac mini C2D 1.83 GHz - MB138LL / A Mac mini C2D 2.0 GHz - MB139LL / A Introduced 2008-02-26 MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch C2D 2.4GHz - MB133LL /A MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch C2D 2.5GHz - MB134LL /A MacBook Pro 17 - inch C2D 2.5GHz - MB166LL /A MacBook C2D 2.1GHz
White - MB402LL / A MacBook C2D 2.4GHz
White - MB403LL / A MacBook C2D 2.4GHz Black - MB404LL / A Introduced 2008-04-28 iMac 20 - inch 2.4 GHz - MB323LL /A iMac 20 - inch 2.66 GHz - MB324LL /A iMac 24 - inch 2.8 GHz - MB325LL / A Introduced 2008 - 10 - 14 MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 2.4 GHz - MB133LL / A MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 2.53 GHz - MB134LL /A MacBook 13 - inch 2.0 GHz
Alu - MB466LL / A MacBook 13 - inch 2.4 GHz
Alu - MB467LL / A MacBook Air 13.3 - inch C2D 1.6 GHz - MB543LL / A MacBook Air 13.3 - inch C2D 1.83 GHz - MB940LL / A Introduced 2009-03-03 iMac 20 - inch 2.66 GHz - MB417LL / A iMac 24 - inch 2.66 GHz - MB418LL / A iMac 24 - inch 2.93 GHz - MB419LL / A iMac 24 - inch 3.06 GHz - MB420LL / A Mac mini C2D 2.0 GHz - MB463LL / A Mac mini C2D 2.0 GHz - MB464LL / A MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 2.4 GHz - MB470LL / A Mac Pro 8 - Core - MB535LL / A MacBook Pro 17 - inch 2.66 GHz - MB604LL / A Mac Pro Quad - Core - MB871LL / A MacBook Pro 15.4 - inch 2.66 GHz - MC026LL / A Introduced 2009-06-08 MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core 2 Duo 2.66 GHz - MB985LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core 2 Duo 2.8 GHz - MB986LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core 2 Duo 2.26 GHz - MB990LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core 2 Duo 2.53GHz - MB991LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core 2 Duo 2.53 GHz - MC118LL / A MacBook Pro 17 - inch Core 2 Duo 2.8 GHz - MC226LL / A MacBook Air 13 - inch Core 2 Duo 1.86 GHz - MC233LL / A MacBook Air 13 - inch Core 2 Duo 2.13 GHz - MC234LL / A Introduced 2009 - 10-20 iMac 21.5 - inch 3.06 GHz - MB950LL / A iMac 27 - inch 3.06 GHz - MB952LL / A iMac 27 - inch 3.06 GHz - MB953LL / A MacBook 13 - inch Core 2 Duo 2.26 GHz - MC207LL / A Mac mini Core 2 Duo 2.26 GHz - MC238LL / A Mac mini Core 2 Duo 2.53 GHz - MC239LL / A Mac mini Core 2 Duo 2.53 GHz Server - MC408LL / A iMac 21.5 - inch 3.06 GHz - MC413LL / A Introduced 2010 - 04-13 MacBook Pro 17 - inch Core i5 2.53 GHz - MC024LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i5 2.4 GHz - MC371LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i5 2.53 GHz - MC372LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.66 GHz - MC373LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.4 GHz - MC374LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.4 GHz - MC375LL / A Introduced 2010-05-18 MacBook 13 - inch Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz - MC516H / A Introduced 2010 -07 -27 Mac Pro Quad - Core - MC250LL/A ) Mac mini Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz - MC270LL / A Mac mini Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz Server - MC438LL / A iMac 21.5 - inch 3.06 GHz - MC508LL / A iMac 21.5 - inch 3.2 GHz - MC509LL / A iMac 27 - inch 3.2 GHz - MC510LL / A iMac 27 - inch Quad - Core 2.8 GHz - MC511LL / A Mac Pro 8 - Core - MC561LL / A Introduced 20 10-10-20 MacBook Air 13 - inch Core 2 Duo 1.4 GHz - MC505LL / A MacBook Air 13 - inch Core 2 Duo 1.4 GHz - MC506LL / A Introduced 2011-02-24 MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.3 GHz - MC700LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i5 2.0 GHz - MC721LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i5 2.2 GHz - MC723LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.7 GHz - MC724LL / A MacBook Pro 17 - inch Core i5 2.2 GHz - MC725LL / A Introduced 2011-05-03 iMac 21.5 - inch Quad - Core 2.5 GHz - MC309H / A iMac 21.5 - inch Quad - Core 2.7 GHz - MC812H /A iMac 27 - inch Quad - Core 2.7 GHz - MC813H / A iMac 27 - inch Quad - Core 3.1 GHz - MC814H / A Introduced 2011-07-20 Mac mini Core i5 2.3 GHz - MC815LL / A Mac mini Core i5 2.5 GHz - MC816LL / A Mac mini Server Core i5 2.0 GHz - MC936LL / A MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i5 1.7 GHz - MC965LL / A MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i5 1.7 GHz - MC966LL / A MacBook Air 11.6 - inch Core i5 1.6 GHz - MC968H / A MacBook Air 11.6 - inch Core i5 1.6 GHz - MC969H / A Introduced 2011 - 10 - 24 MacBook Pro 17 - inch Core i5 2.4 GHz - MD311LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.4 GHz - MD313LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.8 GHz - MD314LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i5 2.2 GHz - MD318LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i5 2.4 GHz - MD322LL / A Introduced 2012-02-10 MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i5 1.6 GHz Edu - MD508LL / A Introduced 2012-06-11 MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i7 2.0 GHz - BTO / CTO Mac Pro Twelve Core 3.06 GHz Server - BTO / CTO Mac Pro Twelve Core 2.66 GHz Server - BTO / CTO Mac Pro Twelve Core 2.4 GHz Server - BTO / CTO Mac Pro Six Core 3.33 GHz Server - BTO / CTO MacBook Air 11 - inch Core i7 2.0 GHz - BTO / CTO Mac Pro Twelve Core 3.06 GHz - BTO / CTO Mac Pro Twelve Core 2.66 GHz - BTO / CTO Mac Pro Six Core 3.33 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.7 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 15 - inch Retina Core i7 2.3 GHz - MC975LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Retina Core i7 2.6 GHz - MC976LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.5 GHz - MD101LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i7 2.9 GHz - MD102LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.3 GHz - MD103LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.6 GHz - MD104LL / A MacBook Air 11 - inch Core i5 1.7 GHz - MD223LL / A MacBook Air 11 - inch Core i5 1.7 GHz - MD224LL / A MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i5 1.8 GHz - MD231LL / A MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i5 1.8 GHz - MD232LL / A Mac Pro Quad Core 3.2 GHz - MD770LL / A Mac Pro Twelve Core 2.4 GHz - MD771LL / A Mac Pro Quad Core 3.2 GHz Server - MD772LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Retina Core i7 2.7 GHz - MD831LL / A Introduced 2012 - 10 - 23 Mac mini Core i7 2.6 GHz Server - BTO / CTO iMac 27 - inch Core i7 3.4 GHz - BTO / CTO iMac 21.5 - inch Core i7 3.1 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 13 - inch Retina Core i7 2.9 GHz - BTO / CTO Mac mini Core i7 2.6 GHz - BTO / CTO iMac 21.5 - inch Core i5 2.7 GHz - MD093LL / A iMac 21.5 - inch Core i5 2.9 GHz - MD094LL / A iMac 27 - inch Core i5 2.9 GHz - MD095LL / A iMac 27 - inch Core i5 3.2 GHz - MD096LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Retina Core i5 2.5 GHz - MD212LL / A Mac mini Core i5 2.5 GHz - MD387LL / A Mac mini Core i7 2.3 GHz - MD388LL / A Mac mini Core i7 2.3 GHz Server - MD389LL / A Introduced 2013-02-13 MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i7 3.0 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.8 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.6 GHz - ME662LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.4 GHz - ME664LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.7 GHz - ME665LL / A Introduced 2013-03-05 iMac 21.5 - inch Core i3 3.3 GHz - ME699LL / A Introduced 2013-06-10 MacBook Air 11 - inch Core i5 1.7 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i7 1.7 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Air 11 - inch Core i5 1.3 GHz - MD711LL / A MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i5 1.3 GHz - MD760LL / A Introduced 2013-09 - 24 iMac 21.5- inch Core i7 3.1 GHz - BTO / CTO iMac 27 - inch Core i7 3.5 GHz - BTO / CTO iMac 21.5 - inch Core i5 2.7 GHz - ME086LL / A iMac 21.5 - inch Core i5 2.9 GHz - ME087LL / A iMac 27 - inch Core i5 3.2 GHz - ME088LL / A iMac 27 - inch Core i5 3.4 GHz - ME089LL / A Introduced 2013 -10 - 22 MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.6 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.3 GHz - BTO / CTO Mac Pro Eight Core 3.0 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i7 2.8 GHz - BTO / CTO Mac Pro Twelve Core 2.7 GHz - BTO / CTO Mac Pro Six Core 3.5 GHz - MD878LL / A Mac Pro Quad Core 3.7 GHz - ME253LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.0 GHz - ME293LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.3 GHz - ME294LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.4 GHz - ME864LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.6 GHz - ME866LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.6 GHz - ME874LL / A Introduced 2014-04-29 MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i7 1.7 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Air 11 - inch Core i7 1.7 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Air 11 - inch Core i5 1.4 GHz - MD711LL / B MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i5 1.4 GHz - MD760LL / B Introduced 2014-06-18 iMac 21.5- inch Core i5 1.4 GHz - MF883LL /A iMac 27 - inch Core i5 3.5 GHz
5 K - MF886LL / A Introduced 2014-07-29 MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.5 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i7 3.0 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.8 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.8 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.6 GHz - MGX72LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.8 GHz - MGX92LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.2 GHz - MGXA2LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.5 GHz - MGXC2LL / A Introduced 2014 - 10 - 16 Mac mini Core i5 3.0 GHz - BTO / CTO iMac 27 - inch Core i7 4.0 GHz
5 K - BTO / CTO Mac mini Core i5 1.4 GHz - MGEM2LL / A Mac mini Core i5 2.6 GHz - MGEN2LL / A Mac mini Core i5 2.8 GHz - MGEQ2LL / A Introduced 2015-03-09 MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i7 2.2 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook 12 - inch Core M 1.3 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Air 11 - inch Core i7 2.2 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.7 GHz - MF839LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i5 2.9 GHz - MF841LL / A MacBook Pro 13 - inch Core i7 3.1 GHz - MF843LL / A MacBook 12 - inch Core M 1.1 GHz - MF855LL / A MacBook 12 - inch Core M 1.2 GHz - MF865LL / A MacBook Air 13 - inch Core i5 1.6 GHz - MJVE2LL / A MacBook Air 11 - inch Core i5 1.6 GHz - MJVM2LL / A Introduced 2015-05-19 MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.8 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.8 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.5 GHz - BTO / CTO iMac 27 - inch Core i5 3.3 GHz
5K - MF885LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.2 GHz - MJLQ2LL / A MacBook Pro 15 - inch Core i7 2.5 GHz - MJLT2LL / A Introduced 2015 - 10-13 iMac 27 - inch Core i7 4.0 GHz
5 K - BTO / CTO iMac 21.5 - inch Core i7 3.3 GHz 4K - BTO / CTO iMac 21.5 - inch Core i5 1.6 GHz - MK142LL /A iMac 21.5 - inch Core i5 2.8 GHz - MK442LL /A iMac 21.5 - inch Core i5 3.1 GHz 4K - MK452LL / A iMac 27 - inch Core i5 3.2 GHz
5K - MK462LL / A iMac 27 - inch Core i5 3.3 GHz
5K - MK482LL / A Introduced 2016-04-19 MacBook 12 - inch Core M5 1.3 GHz - BTO / CTO MacBook 12 - inch Core M3 1.1 GHz - MLHA2LL / A MacBook 12 - inch Core M5 1.2 GHz - MLHC2LL / A
( this will auto fill some of the fields below ) Serial number : ?
( only the 5 first chars needed )
If you have upgraded a system component , correct the value below : CPU frequency : ?
( only digits , i.e 1.83 , 2.0 , 2.16 ) Memory : ?
( only digits , i.e 512 , 1 , 2 ) Drive brand / model : ? ( copy from System Report ) Drive size : ?
( GB , only digits )
Hard drive RPM : ?
Do n't know 4200 5200 5400 7200 ( for SSD type - 1 ) Mac OS X version : ? ( only digits , i.e 10.4.6 )
Boot ROM version : ?
SMC firmware version : ?
Whine issue : ( MacBook Pros ) ?
Do n't know Yes No Moo issue : ( MacBooks , pre-2010 ) ?
Do n't know Yes No
3 . Temperatures : I have read the policies : ?
Yes
All temperatures measured in : ?
° Celsius ° Fahrenheit Ambient / room temperature : ? ( only digits )
Enter the values from an NORMAL unaltered machine .
If you 've already done thermal fixes , leave empty and skip to the next group .
Note :
This is the CPU core temperatures , not case temperatures .
Idle temperature : ? ( only digits ) Load ( 100 % ) temperature : ? ( only digits )
Drive temperature : ? ( only digits ) Screenshot of load graph :
( 500 KB / JPG / PNG allowed ) ?
If you have FIXED the thermal cooling system yourself , enter the temperature values below .
If not , leave empty .
Idle temperature after fix : ?
( only digits )
Load temperature after fix : ?
( only digits )
Drive temperature after fix : ?
( only digits ) Screenshot of load graph : ?
4. Closing comments or other issues : ?
( purchase date and place ( Apple store , retail , etc. ) , problems or issues , applied fixes , normal operation , normal temp , fan action , etc. ) * Fields marked with BOLD are required .
Lose the Dogma
Been There , Done That
__________First of all , any time I shoot something with a monobloc , someone comments about it " not being Strobist , " as if we had some kind of kosher standard going on around here .
For Pete 's sake , Strobist is the name of a website .
I know , because I made it up in 2006 .
And there was no burning bush or stone tablets involved at all .
I used speedlights most of the time as a PJ , because they are the flashes I always had with me .
And I created L101 and L102 around speedlights .
But that is because speedlights are small , portable and the most accessible way for people to learn about lighting .
Most people learn to shoot with a little . 22 - calibre rifle , and save the .50 cal until a little later when they need to pierce an engine block at 700 yards .
IMO , to extend the speedlight ethic into a frame of mind where monoblocs ( or pack and head systems ) are somehow not to be considered is just silly .
I am an available light photographer .
Meaning , if a light is available I will consider using it .
Speedlight , monobloc , car headlight , iPhone -- I have used them all .
If I think an ignited fart will improve a photo , then please pass the beans and matches .
Speedlights are wonderful little lighting machines .
But they are not the end - all , and they are not always necessarily the best tool for any given job .
There .
Just wanted to be clear on that .
And I am kidding about the beans .
Do n't try that for a light source .
At least , we do n't to that in my family anymore .
Not since that emergency room visit for my uncle Morris .
( And I am not kidding about that , either . )
For lighting large objects ( or overpowering sun at a reasonable working distance ) bigger flashes simply make more sense than speedlights .
My " big " flashes are two old White Lightning Ultra 600's .
They are very similar to the current WL models and to today 's AlienBees , except my 600's have had the crap beaten out of them .
I am currently re-evaluating my monoblocs and deciding which direction I want to go with them in the future .
But I wanted to use the opportunity to take a moment and do a walk - thru for those of you who are unfamiliar with bigger flashes .
Today , we will walk through a typical control panel , much of which will be familiar to manual speedlight users .
__________( Click the pic for bigger in a new window . )
Here is the control end of a WL Ultra 600 , which is a 300 watt - second ( WS ) monobloc .
It is typical in layout to most other mono's , and this one is about five times more powerful than your average speedlight .
Up top , you 'll see the power level adjustment .
This is exactly like dialing down your manual power level in a speedlight , except in this case you are not limited to full - ( or half - , or third - ) stop increments .
This is a continuously variable , minus 5 - stop power control , and one of the reasons I love the White Lightnings and AlienBees .
Actually , power level is an area where many speedlights and monoblocs intersect , too .
For example , this a 300WS monoblock .
If I dial it down a stop , it is now at 150WS .
Down two stops is 75WS , which is getting into the neighborhood of an 60WS SB - 800 .
So , they cross over in power output for the range of - 3 , - 4 and - 5 stops on the monobloc .
The efficiency of the reflector in the WL gives a little more light output per watt - second .
But you will still find an area of crossover between the two .
This is convenient , as it means you can use both types of flashes in conjunction if you only have one monobloc and a few SB's .
On the left is the modeling light switch , which will be of less importance to you if you have grown up using speedlights .
They are nice to have , but also introduce some significant limitations when you try to power the mono 's with batteries .
More on that later .
Across the middle you 'll see buttons , jacks and lights .
The red " test " button is exactly the same thing as the test button on your speedlight .
You push it and the flash pops .
Just above the test button is a " dump " light .
This is an indication that the flash is storing too much power because you charged it up and then lowered the power level without popping the flash to bleed the unneeded juice .
Most new mono 's dump this power automatically .
( They call it " auto dump . " )
But if yours does not this , is a good thing to know .
If that light glows , pop the flash , Simple as that .
That round hole is the sync jack .
What is a coveted but much - missing feature on many speedlights is standard equipment on a monobloc .
Which is good , as you cannot very well mount a mono on your hot shoe .
Pay attention to the type of connection for this jack , when shopping for a big flash .
It can either lock you into proprietary connectors or free you to use standard , cheaper cords .
My preference is 1/8 " or 1/4 " audio - jack - type connectors .
The white " model " button at center right actually helps you to know your flash is ready by turning off the modeling lamp until the flash is fully recycled .
Some flashes can be set to emit beeps when recharged .
A model - off - when - charging setting just gives you a visual confirmation .
The white dome further right is the optical slave receptor .
Slaves on mono's are typically pretty sensitive , but you cannot aim them well because they are always gonna point away from the direction that particular mono is firing .
Speedlight slaves typically can be rotated to different directions from the flash head , which helps a lot .
This is partially offset be the fact that the mono's will typically be firing more powerful light , so slaves can usually see the pulse better .
At far right you have the power switch -- simple enough .
Just below that is a proportional model switch , which can get you an apples - to - apples modeling light comparison with WL monoblocs of different power settings .
Round that out with a circuit breaker ( bottom left ) and a remote control jack ( far left ) .
The latter allows the power and sync of a flash to be controlled by a wired remote .
If it looks complicated , it is not .
At it 's heart , it is a big , manual flash with a slider power control , a sync jack and a built - in slave .
You already understand all of the important stuff .
And that 's really all you need to know to handle most monoblocs just fine .
They mount to your stands and light mods just like speedlights , as they have built - in umbrella swivels .
And all of the theory and practice is the same -- you just have more power to play with .
You'd think the fancy control panels would be where the most important differences lie .
But really , it is the lighting flexibility ( and power ) at the business end that mostly separates these guys from the little flashes .
More on that , in part two
Police made about 870,000 arrests for marijuana in 2007 ( the latest year national data is available ) .
Roughly 775,000 , or 88 percent , of those arrests were for nothing more than simple possession of small amounts of marijuana .
Millions of Americans have never been arrested or convicted of any criminal offense except this .
It 's no wonder that so many Americans support decriminalizing and even legalizing marijuana .
Seventy - two percent say that for simple marijuana possession , people should not be incarcerated , but fined : the generally accepted definition of " decriminalization . "
Even more Americans support making marijuana legal for medical purposes .
Support for broader legalization is around 40 percent , although it depends on how one asks the question .
Support is around ( and in some polls greater than ) 50 percent in some Western states and among Americans age 18 to 30 .
This is , in some respects , no surprise .
More than 100 million Americans have tried marijuana , including almost 60 percent of those aged 45 to 49 .
The vast majority know it did n't kill them or anyone else they know , or derail their lives , or even lead to regular use .
That includes three presidents in a row ; Barack Obama , when asked if he had inhaled , responded " I inhaled frequently " and " that was the point . "
Critics say decriminalizing marijuana will increase availability and use .
Really ?
Close to 100 million Americans have already used marijuana .
Half of all teens try marijuana before graduating from high school .
Almost anyone who wants to use marijuana can do so now .
Moreover , studies around the world have found that the relative harshness of drug laws matters surprisingly little .
After all , rates of illegal drug use in the United States are the same as , or higher than , Europe , despite our more punitive policies .
And 13 U.S. states have decriminalized marijuana , but marijuana use rates in those states go up and down at roughly the same rates as in other states .
Other claims by opponents of reform do n't stand up either .
The Institute of Medicine and other research bodies have concluded there is no evidence that marijuana is a " gateway " drug — certainly no more so than alcohol or tobacco .
While some people use marijuana to excess , most people who smoke marijuana never become dependent .
And unlike alcohol , no one has ever died from a marijuana overdose , marijuana is not associated with violent behavior , and marijuana is only minimally associated with reckless sexual behavior .
There are , of course , some risks associated with using marijuana .
These risks , however , should be weighed against the harms associated with current marijuana policy .
Every comprehensive , objective commission that has examined marijuana throughout the past 100 years has concluded that criminalization of adult marijuana use does more harm than marijuana use itself , including President Nixon 's 1972 marijuana commission , the National Academy of Sciences ' 1982 marijuana report , and recent government reports in Canada and the United Kingdom .
As drug war violence rises in Mexico and along the U.S. - Mexican border , more and more policymakers are calling for a national debate on reforming our country 's failed marijuana policies .
Many parts of Mexico today are like Chicago during the days of alcohol Prohibition and Al Capone — times 50 .
The U.S. Joint Forces Command recently warned that the Mexican government is in danger of becoming a weak and failed state and could descend into chaos , which could cause tens , perhaps hundreds , of thousands of Mexicans to flee into the United States .
In the border city of El Paso , Texas , where several Mexican mayors live and commute to work out of fear their families will be killed if they live in Mexico , the city council passed a resolution in January calling on Congress to debate drug legalization as a way of reducing prohibition - related violence .
In February , the Latin- American Commission on Drugs and Democracy , a high - level commission co-chaired by former presidents of Brazil , Colombia and Mexico , called for a " paradigm shift " in global drug policy , including decriminalizing marijuana and " breaking the taboo " on open and robust debate about all drug - policy options .
The attorney general of Arizona , citing evidence that Mexican drug trafficking organizations get 60 percent to 80 percent of their revenue from marijuana , has suggested that national policymakers debate legalizing marijuana as a way to cripple both Mexican and U.S. gangs .
Although he was careful to say he was n't advocating legalization , he nevertheless asked the right question : Should marijuana be taxed and regulated like alcohol ?
It 's a question being debated almost weekly now on CNN , MSNBC and Fox News .
It 's starting to pop up in congressional hearings , too .
With strong poll numbers in support of reform , rising state and federal deficits , overflowing prisons , and a national security crisis on our southern border , we may very well be at a tipping point on this issue .
Now is the time for policymakers , columnists and leaders in both the conservative and progressive movements who support reform to speak out .
Hundreds of thousands of Americans a year are arrested for marijuana .
Doors are kicked in .
Children are put into foster care .
Cars , houses and bank accounts are seized without trial .
Yet it 's hard to find a presidential candidate or Supreme Court justice who has n't smoked marijuana .
Reform will happen .
It 's just a question of how many tax dollars will be wasted before elected officials catch up with the American people .
• Bill Piper is the director of national affairs at the Drug Policy Alliance , and Ethan Nadelmann is the executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance -- http://www.drugpolicy.org/
Source : Washington Times ( DC )
Author : Ethan Nadleman and Bill Piper
Published : Sunday , April 26 , 2009
Copyright : Copyright : 2009 The Washington Times , LLC
Website : http://www.washtimes.com/
Contact : letters@washingtontimes.com
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/oQifphQ4
CannabisNews -- Cannabis Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/cannabis.shtml
In the picture , Kim Jong - un has the same snub nose and thin lips as his father , and the chef , Kenji Fujimoto , said he is indeed " a spitting image of his father in terms of face , body shape and personality " .
When North Korea 's latest leader steps up to take the helm , we can expect him to be a " chip off the old block " , according to Mr Fujimoto .
Daylife / AP
Photo used by permission
Suspected members of a Mexican drug cartel disguised as federal police entered a state prison in the northern state of Zacatecas and freed 59 inmates , police and army officials said .
Most of the prisoners who escaped are believed to be members of the armed wing of Mexico ’s Gulf Cartel , one of the country ’s most powerful criminal organizations …
The early morning jailbreak was carried out by heavily armed men dressed in the uniform of an elite federal police force .
The men , who arrived in 15 vehicles and a helicopter , gained entry into the prison after claiming they had been ordered to transfer a prisoner to another location , state police officials said .
Well , hey – they said they were “ official ” … even had real badges .
X - Factor – noun , referencing an unknown quantity that makes a substantial difference in the outcome of an event .
Synonym of catalyst , gamechanger
( Ex Fak - ter ) Origin – Factor is based on the Latin word for “ He Who Does ” ; therefore , an X - factor means “ He who does or does n’t . ”
Most of you already familiar with this term probably heard it used in a sports context .
It certainly applies – genuinely describing the performance of an athlete that substantially changes the way a team plays .
When Ricky Watters of the San Francisco 49ers of old , fumbled and bumbled , the team lost .
When Ricky ’s hands were sticky – you and I do n’t want to know – the 49ers won .
Deion Sanders .
Ever notice how no one wanted to throw to Deion ’s side ?
Roger Craig of the 49ers .
High steppin over defenses .
One player , affecting the outcome of a given event .
The duality of this is important – but can be applied in a number of different ways – i.e. when Deion was on or off the field , or when Ricky played a good game or not .
* X - Factor also has a comic book which is somehow related to the X - Men line .
I do n’t know how .
There ’s also a show called The X - Factor , see the picture of Leona Lewis .
Denise 's Limelight shoot involves see - through black lingerie and a sultry look that seems to have been invented by this busty goddess .
JTCoyoté
Infowars
June 4 , 2009
Imagine , sitting at your computer , it ’s twilight .
The front window blinds are open out to the street , it ’s peaceful .
You ’ve been trying to sell your house for five months , and have only had two prospects .
The prospective buyers that were supposed to come by today turned out to be a group of Century 21 realtors seeking a preview .
No doubt to determine their bid when it goes up for auction due to foreclosure .
DEA report on the raid .
Click here to view larger version .
Additional documents :
Search warrant
Incident report
All of a sudden , the dogs began barking .
Through the window I saw two men scurrying up to my front door , then a knock .
I opened the door and there stood the county sheriff , a man I know .
The second fellow I recognize as the chief of police .
The sheriff says , “ Hi JT … we need to talk with you . ”
Thinking it ’s a social visit , I invite them in for a cup of coffee .
My friend the sheriff says , “ No , JT we will have to talk outside . ”
It was then I realized something was up .
We moved out onto the front lawn , and my friend Sheriff John Minor began the story , “ JT , in a couple of minutes your home is going to be searched by DEA .
A search warrant was issued this afternoon , which I have here .
It seems that a group of realtors who viewed your house today , saw what they believe to be a methamphetamine lab in your downstairs bathroom ! ”
My reaction was a surprised laugh .
“ You ’ve got to be kidding me John ! ”
He replied , “ I am really sorry about this , JT , I did n’t know about it until after the warrant was issued , and I am here to make sure that it stays low - key . ”
He continued , “ I have told everyone involved in this that I will buy them the highest priced steak dinner in the county if they find anything drug related in your house . ”
The warrant was in good order , so John signaled down the block and within seconds around the corner of my garage came marching four guys in full battle regalia , helmets with visors , body armor , full camouflage , with MP - 5 ’s and M - 16s .
And then one other fellow in hazmat gear .
The team was in my house less than five minutes , when the team leader came out and said , “ there ’s no meth lab in there … what is it you do in the bathroom , sir ? ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
I am a gunsmith , and work out of my house I restore antique firearm as a specialty , which involves annealing old brass cartridge cases , as well as manufacturing new cases out of other more modern brass for use in these 100 + - year - old firearms , which involves heat and water .
The heat is provided by a propane torch with which I heat the brass to a cherry red and then quench it in the sink filled with cold water .
My downstairs bathroom which I share with my cats , the place for their litter boxes , food dishes etc. is where I do my brass annealing .
The process must be done in a dimly lit room , but , it gives off fumes .
So on the counter next to the sink there is a box fan with a length of drier vent tubing that attaches to the bathroom ceiling fan and keeps the buildup of noxious fumes from the annealing process from filling the room when I ’m working .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
It was at this point that the young man , the team leader , smiled and shook my hand , saying , “ God bless you Sir !
You are keeping the old ones alive . ”
Referring to the fact that I restore old firearms .
At this point we all stood around and chatted for about 20 minutes .
My first question was , “ Are realtors being trained by DEA to sniff out drugs these days ? ”
The answer was that real estate companies are giving DEA courses on how to identify certain types of drug manufacturing processes , and how to report them .
Any time a methamphetamine lab is suspected , DEA must be called in because of the hazardous materials involved .
The short answer is yes .
I asked my friend Sheriff John Minor what would ’ve happened had he not known and came to warn me of what was about to happen , what would have been the standard procedure ?
His answer was chilling .
Because I was there , the house was occupied so all exits would have been covered , the main force would have hammer - jacked open the front door and quickly entered , locked and loaded .
The look on the man ’s face told the story , it was obvious that it would ’ve been a horrible mistake , in this particular case it would have turned very ugly very quickly .
As it turned out what was described by the realtor in the complaint that caused the warrant to be issued was fantasy , a delusion , or a fabrication … a fantasy that could very easily have gotten people killed .
This article was posted : Friday , June 5 , 2009 at 4:07 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Make sure you choose the right file manager for your distro of choice
Depending on when you got started with computers , you 've probably used an orthodox file manager .
They 're zippy , they 're often favoured by those who are more comfortable on the command line , and enable you to do more via keyboards than some can do with a mouse .
The interface is made up of two panels , which you can switch between with the Tab key .
Norton Commander inspired a whole bunch of orthodox file managers , many of which are still actively developed today .
Anyone who started with Linux in the 90s will have used Midnight Commander .
But does it make sense to use it or any of its brethren in the age of multi-core desktops ?
The answer to that question is a most definite yes .
In the 90s the Linux GUI was a far cry from the present - day Compiz - laced bells and - whistles graphical interfaces and there was no Konqueror and Nautilus .
But you did n't use an orthodox file manager just because it was lightweight .
You used it because it worked , and with a couple of keystrokes could compress a file , generate an MD5 , and copy it across the galaxy .
The modern day OFMs build on that , and can do a lot more .
They can still be used with only minimal mouse input , thanks to their extensive keyboard shortcuts .
And just because you use them with a keyboard , does n't mean they all run from the console .
And you can easily spot an OFM , since many honour their lineage by including the word ' Commander ' somewhere in their name .
Ten - hut !
Krusader - Kruise for KDE users , but what about the rest of us ?
If you did n't pick this up from the name , you have n't been using Linux long enough .
Krusader is an OFM designed for KDE .
Krusader will work with some third - party apps , but it insists on quite a bit of KDE - specific programs , which will run without issues on your Gnome box .
KRUSADER : Designed solely for KDE , this is a very versatile file manager
KRename equips Krusader with a bulk rename facility ; KDiff , or Kompare , will compare files ; KGPG enables you to encrypt and decrypt files ; and you can email them with KEmail .
The KIO slaves let you browse compressed archives and files over Samba , and NFS shares as well as FTP and SSH .
You can synchronise directories over the network , or browse a remote ( or local ) directory in sync - mode , which keeps an eye on the changes you make to a directory in one pane and replicates them on the other pane automatically .
Krusader can open multiple tabs on either pane .
If you start it from the command line you can give it a commaseparated list of directories , which it opens in tabs on the specified pane .
It also uses KDE's KParts component framework , which is similar to Gnome 's Bonobo , to embed external clients into a Krusader window itself .
For example , if you open an ODF document with Krusader it will invoke KOffice and display the document in a window within itself .
One of the best bits about Krusader is its ActionMan tool .
It helps you set up , and manage custom user actions , which can then be performed on the files in the panes .
For example , you can set up a user action to add an OGG file into the music player 's playlist , or pack a bunch of files into an ISO , or copy the selected files into the clipboard , or edit a file with superuser permissions , or just display the uptime .
You can export and import user actions , and there 's a whole forum on the Krusader website dedicated to ActionMan where users share their custom user actions .
A feast of features
When copying a file locally , Krusader will not alter its original attributes ( user , group , timestamp ) .
It can compare files in two directories , and depending on your action , the missing files are selected .
The selection can then be copied to a particular destination or on to the clipboard and them pasted on to any place that can access the clipboard .
It also has a file splitter , which can combine files as well .
To verify that the split files are reassembled , you can also use Krusader to create and verify MD5 , SHA1 , Tiger and other checksums .
Many components in Krusader are so advanced they have a name of their own .
Its advanced file search , called KruSearcher can search for files inside archives based on their modification date and even ownership and permissions .
Its internal viewer / editor , KrViewer can open multiple files in tabs , can export documents as HTML , has a spellchecker and syntax highlighting for various configuration files , databases , and several scripting , and programming languages , and even display pictures .
Krusader also has a front - end to the locate command , which relies on a database to hunt for files .
To manage mounted file systems Krusader bundles MountMan , along with a graphical disk usage tool based on the filelight disk space analyser .
Then there 's BookMan for organising bookmarks of local folders and remote connections .
It also tracks popular URLs and since Krusader is well integrated into KDE , the bookmark manager can let KDE 's wallet handle the passwords for remote connections .
Like all good OFMs , Krusader ships with its own terminal emulator with autocompletion .
For the purists , the best bit is that Krusader can be controlled completely from the keyboard .
Version : 1.90
Website : www.krusader.org
Price : Free under GPL
Verdict : A complete replacement to the point - and - click file manager for KDE users , but a pain to setup for others .
Rating : 8/10
EmelFM2 - A nice shaken and stirred modern OFM that blends the old with the new
For an app that 's still only halfway to its first 1.x release , EmelFM2 has a whole bundle of useful features .
It works on anything that can run GTK+2 , and a port is available for Nokia 's Maemo platform .
EmelFM2 sports a mouse - friendly user interface with lots of functionality available via the right - click context menu .
EMELFM2 : With a mouse friendly interface , this is one of the easiest file managers to get to grips with
The interface also has an output pane , which shows the results of commands and several buttons for most common functions such as moving , copying , renaming items , creating a symlink etc .
One of the best features of EmelFM2 is its ability to trim the list of files in the panes .
You can set filters to display files and directories that match a specified name , date , and even permissions criteria .
To help you with the filtering , EmelFM2 lets you use wildcards (* and ? ) and allows the use of multiple filters at the same time .
You can also invert the effect of the filter to show all files that do n't match the filters .
In addition to its keyboard bindings for power users , EmelFM2 lets GUIed users drag and drop files from one pane to another .
If you press the Shift key while dropping , the selection is moved , and if both Shift and Control are pressed , the selection is linked .
Or just press the Alt key , and when you drop a selection a menu will prompt you for the operation you want to perform ( copy / move / link / cancel ) .
Deleted items are n't zapped off the disk , but end up in a .
Trash folder , which means they can be retrieved .
EmelFM2 is pretty useful for people who move huge files routinely .
That 's because it does n't hold up the interface when performing a long task such as copying a bunch of files , and enables you to view and edit other files .
More power to you
The next great thing in EmelFM2 for power users is its output pane , which can have multiple tabs .
You can select , edit and save the text via the content menu .
This might sound crazy for an output dump , but that 's because you do n't know about the awesome power of the output pane text .
Magically any text in the output pane can be executed .
So if you select filename in the output pane and right - click on it , EmelFM2 will show a submenu listing operations for that particular file type .
If you select a command , the context menu shows the result , and a double - click will re-execute the operation .
Complement this with the built - in CLI and you 've got a file manager that 's aware of its roots .
EmelFM2 has plugins that let you pack and unpack a selection of files into lots of compressed archives ( including .tar.gz , .tar.bz2 , .7z , .rar , .arj and .zoo ) , clone files , encrypt and decrypt them by recursively looking into directories and optionally compressing them as well .
With the encryption plugin , the original file is retained , or you can choose to delete it .
Then there are the plugins that enhance EmelFM2's included abilities .
You get an advanced file finder that can search via MIME types , modification , and access time stamp of a file , its size , owner , and other attributes .
There 's also an advanced rename plugin that supports regular expressions , and a plugin to compare contents of two directories , which uses md5sum for accurate comparison .
There 's also a plugin that extracts the contents of a compressed archive into a temporary directory allowing you to browse the contents .
When you head out , EmelFM2 can repack the archive for you , which is useful if you 've made modifications .
The biggest missing feature in EmelFM2 is that it does n't have any network support .
Before you moan and move on , think about this for a second .
If you have a Samba or NFS share that you need to sync files with , you could just as easily mount it some place in your filesystem and EmelFM2 will see it like any other directory .
Version : 0.5.1
Website : www.emelfm2.net
Price : Free under GPL
Verdict :
Its low dependency list and consistency across desktops makes EmelFM2 ideal for distro hoppers .
Rating : 8/10
Pyongyang has recently carried out nuclear tests and rocket launches North Korea said it will " weaponise " its plutonium stocks amid threats to take military action over United Nations sanctions , state media said .
Pyongyang has for the first time confirmed it is seeking to enrich uranium in efforts to develop nuclear weapons , it said .
North Korea would view any US - led attempts to " blockade " it as an " act of war " , the Associated Press ( AP ) said .
It follows a toughening of UN sanctions against the communist state .
The warning from North Korea 's foreign ministry was carried by Pyongyang 's official Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) on Saturday .
' Unacceptable behaviour '
On Friday , the United Nations Security Council voted unanimously to impose tougher sanctions on communist North Korea , after its nuclear test on 25 May .
The North also tested a rocket thought to be capable of carrying a warhead , though Pyongyang said it was designed to carry a satellite .
The UN sanctions include the inspection of North Korean ships , a wider ban on arms sales and other financial measures .
The US deputy ambassador at the UN , Rosemary DiCarlo , said the new vote was a strong and united response to North Korea 's " unacceptable behaviour " .
The North Korean foreign ministry statement said : " Firstly , all plutonium to be extracted will be weaponised .
One third of used fuel rods have so far been reprocessed .
" Secondly , we will start uranium enrichment , " the statement added .
The nuclear fuel cycle The BBC's John Sudworth in Seoul said the admission that Pyongyang was trying to enrich uranium was worrying , as the processing could take place in a smaller reactor and was easier to hide .
Korea analyst Aidan Foster Carter told the BBC Pyongyang 's process was " out of control " and that nothing seemed able to persuade North Korea to stop its nuclear ambitions - neither sanctions nor financial incentives .
He said the nuclear stand - off may be part of internal ructions as Pyongyang 's leader Kim Jong - il decides which of his three sons will take over from him .
Handful of weapons North Korea is thought to possess enough reprocessed plutonium for between six and eight nuclear weapons .
However , analysts say Pyongyang has not yet mastered the technology to make a nuclear warhead small enough to place on a missile .
Pyongyang has stated its nuclear weapons programme is purely a defensive measure to protect it against a US attack .
Washington has said it does not intend to attack the North , and is concerned Pyongyang 's nuclear knowledge could be passed to other states .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Come one and all and gather around for the greatest seafaring story ever recounted on Instructables !
Yes , it is Tim Anderson 's story of the free yacht .
Learn how to get your own free yacht and keep it from catching on fire and sinking with all your friends aboard .
Russian police have carried out what is believed to be the first raid against a BitTorrent tracker .
Prompted by the MPA , police arrived at the site 's Moscow office and arrested the owners and several staff .
As is so often the case , the arrests failed to close the site , which is currently still operating from The Netherlands .
Up until now , Russia has been considered somewhat of a safe haven for BitTorrent sites .
While the copyright climate there can be uncertain , on occasion things can happen to prompt the authorities to spring into life .
In this case it is believed that the MPAA ( through the MPA ) were pressing for action behind the scenes .
So Tuesday last week , May 26th , the Russian Federation Ministry of Internal Affairs Investigation Committee under the Ministry of Internal Affairs conducted a raid against the founders the Interfilm BitTorrent tracker .
During the raid on the site ’s Moscow headquarters , the police arrested the founders of Interfilm , a married couple known online as ‘ Ripper ’ and ‘ Nadezhda ’ and several site staff .
The authorities claim that the Interfilm tracker is a major source of cammed movies and also has an arrangement with piracy groups outside the country to exchange the latest releases .
Russian anti-piracy group RAPO ( a founder member of the MPA ) claims that the site carried advertising and although users had free access to the site , higher download speeds could be achieved by making a payment to the site ’s owners .
Although Interfilm reportedly went down after the raid , it is now apparently fully operational , hosted by LeaseWeb in The Netherlands .
Russian media is speculating that the owners of Interfilm are facing up to six years in jail and a fine of 500,000 rubles ( approx $ 16,200 ) if convicted under Part 3 of Article 146 of the Criminal Code .
According to lawyer Victor Naumov , a legal loophole which saved the owners of AllofMP3 is unlikely to help the operators of Interfilm .
“ In the past there were different interpretations of legislation in the field of copyright , but now if a distributor of films or music is not in a licensing agreement with the rights holders , the violation is right there , ” he said .
Following the arrests , the Producers Guild of Russia says it intends to push for changes in the law which would force ISPs to prevent illegal file - sharing .
Bowing to the wishes of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , Liberal Party Members of Parliament ( MPs ) joined Monday with Harper 's Conservatives to pass the controversial C - 15 mandatory minimum sentencing drug offense bill .
The bill was opposed by MPs of the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) and the Bloc Québécois .
C - 15 hearings online video collection
Monday 's vote came only after NDP and Bloc MPs filibustered the bill last week .
But when one NDP member could not make it to parliament , the filibuster collapsed , and the Liberal Party leadership joined with the Conservatives in forcing a successful vote .
It also came after committee hearings on C - 15 in which 13 of 16 witnesses , including criminal justice , health , and harm reduction experts , testified against the bill .
Among them was US Criminal Justice Policy Foundation head Eric Sterling , who drafted mandatory minimum legislation for Congress as House Judiciary Committee counsel in the 1980s and saw the flawed politics firsthand .
The bill next goes to the Canadian Senate .
Unlike the US , Canadian senators are appointed , not elected , and the Canadian Senate typically -- but not always -- defers to the House .
Observers hold out some hope that in this case , the Senate , which called for the legalization of marijuana in a 2002 report , will seek to block or amend the bill .
The Senate could also effectively kill the bill by refusing to act on it before new elections are called .
Under the measure , mandatory minimum sentences would be enacted for a number of drug offenses , including an automatic six - month jail term for growing as few as five marijuana plants .
Growing more than five plants would earn a mandatory minimum two - year sentence , and mandatory minimum sentences would also be in effect for other drugs , such as cocaine and methamphetamine .
The tough sentences are aimed at " serious drug traffickers , the people who are basically out to destroy our society , " said Justice Minister Rob Nicholson in the run-up to passage of the bill .
But critics charged the bill would end up targeting low - level first offenders and filling Canada 's prisons with them .
" I think it is really bad news , " MP Libby Davies ( NDP - Vancouver East ) told Vancouver 's Cannabis Culture magazine .
" The evidence shows very , very strongly -- overwhelmingly -- that mandatory minimum sentencing is not an effective policy when it comes to drug crime .
My fear is that we are going to see more people in jail , and more people fighting charges because they know they will be facing a mandatory minimum sentence .
That means more court time and more backlogs . "
" Mid and upper - level traffickers will get no particular increase in punishment , because a major dealer would already get six months or a year for any kind of trafficking , " said Vancouver marijuana activist and Cannabis Culture publisher Marc Emery .
" What we 're going to see is people who would n't normally go to jail , they 're going to be the people affected .
It 's going to be largely young people in schoolyards -- because if you are dealing around a school , it 's an enhanced penalty .
The enhanced penalties of six months , a year , two years , are going to affect , almost exclusively , people under the age of 25 . "
" The criminal justice approach has not only failed to achieve its initial goal of lowering drug use and availability , it has exacerbated the problem , " said Jacob Hunter , policy director of the newly formed Beyond Prohibition Foundation .
" The committee was presented with more than 50 scientific studies that stated this unequivocally , but the Conservative Party ignored that evidence , talking instead about the victims of crime .
It is obvious from the evidence that C - 15 will increase the violence and crime on our streets , almost exclusively target low - level and addicted dealers , and do so at great cost to families and taxpayers .
Instead of repeating the costly mistakes of the past , we ought to go in a new direction . "
Liberal Party opposition could have blocked the bill , but the party instead supported it for political reasons , said Hunter .
" The Liberals are afraid of losing votes in suburban and rural ridings and do n't know how to counter accusations of being ' soft on crime , ' " he said .
" Most Liberals are aware of the evidence on C - 15 , and indeed there was apparently lively disagreement in caucus over support for the bill , but ultimately , the Liberal leadership opted to support the bill . "
Hunter was hopeful , but not optimistic , that the Senate would act to block passage of C - 15 .
" It 's tough to know what will happen , with many Senators vowing to fight this bill as long as it takes , the Senate has rarely blocked a bill passed by the House of Commons , " he said .
But at this point , decisive action -- or inaction -- in the Senate is all that stands between Canada and the embrace of mandatory minimum sentencing for drug offenses .
Too bad Canada 's Conservatives , who are playing from an outdated US playbook , refuse to learn the lessons of the failures of such policies south of the border .
And too bad the Liberals are so craven and cowed that they know better , but vote for such measures for the sake of political expediency .
Since his first days in office , President Obama has defined winning a final peace between Israel and the Palestinians as an urgent US interest .
On Jan. 21 he named former Senate majority leader George Mitchell his envoy to achieve that peace , and Mr. Mitchell has since made four fact - finding trips to the Middle East .
But neither has yet said how the administration will grapple with one of the biggest challenges that peace diplomacy faces : the continuing strength of the Palestinian Islamist movement , Hamas .
Hamas has been on the State Department 's " terrorism list " since its founding in 1987 .
It has steadfastly refused to recognize Israel .
But it has also won – and kept – considerable popular support among Palestinians .
In 2006 it won parliamentary elections held in the West Bank and Gaza .
More recently it survived the military onslaught Israel launched against Gaza last December – and in the wake of that war , Hamas 's popularity among Palestinians increased .
Meanwhile , Washington 's ongoing campaign to strengthen the rival Fatah party of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has backfired badly .
Rather than strengthening Fatah , the aid that Washington and its allies have sent to Mr. Abbas has further fueled the nepotism and corruption within Fatah and hastened its internal decline .
Clearly , if there is to be a Palestinian team at any peace negotiations , its work must be supported by Hamas as well as Fatah .
But can Hamas , whose 1988 Charter still rejects participation in peace conferences and calls for an end to the State of Israel , really be judged a valid party to the peacemaking ?
The history of numerous other peace efforts indicates it can .
Consider the examples of South Africa and Northern Ireland .
Nationalist parties there that were once denounced as " terrorist " and hunted down ended up as valued – indeed , essential – participants in the peacemaking .
In both those earlier cases , parties invited to the table were required to verifiably set aside their arms ( though not , in the first instance , to disarm completely ) .
They were also required to agree to principles of nonviolent , democratic decisionmaking .
It worked .
Stereotypes and challenges
Many Westerners might think of Hamas as only a collection of gun-toting fanatics intent on killing civilian Israelis .
But Hamas also has a strong civilian wing that provides valued services in many Palestinian communities .
In 2006 it was that wing that participated peacefully and successfully in the nationwide vote .
Meanwhile , Hamas 's military wing has shown during several periods that it can exercise full or near - full restraint during cease - fires :
That happened in 2005 and 2008 , and has generally been the case in recent months , too .
One major challenge for today 's peacemakers has been Hamas 's refusal to meet the three preconditions that Washington and its allies in the international " Quartet " set in 2006 , before they would even start talking to it .
Hamas , they said , must renounce violence , recognize Israel , and sign on to all the agreements previously reached by the Palestinian Authority ( PA . )
( Another challenge has been Washington 's refusal , until now , to consider any reframing of those demands . )
Hamas , part of the solution ?
I interviewed Hamas head Khaled Meshaal , in Damascus , Syria , on June 4 .
He restated his opposition to the preconditions , on principle .
He noted that Washington did not apply any such preconditions to hard - line members of Israel 's government .
Also , he pointed out that in Mr. Obama 's speech in Cairo , he had called for talks with Iran 's government without any preconditions at all .
Discussing the " Mitchell Principles , " established by Mitchell during his successful peacemaking in Northern Ireland , Mr. Meshaal argued that they were applied equally to all sides .
They were established during Mitchell 's earliest rounds of meetings with the warring parties , rather than being preconditions for those contacts .
Meshaal is a sober , intelligent man who talks in a way that seems much more " political , " and politically savvy , than religious .
He stressed that Hamas wanted to be " part of the solution , not part of the problem . "
He expressed a strong desire for Hamas to heal its present deep rift with Fatah .
He also reaffirmed Hamas 's support for a 2006 proposal whereby Abbas or other non-Hamas negotiators would conduct the actual peace negotiations with Israel .
Any resulting peace agreement would then be submitted to a Palestinian - wide referendum , and Hamas would abide by its results , he said .
If Hamas and Fatah can rebuild enough trust to authorize a unified Palestinian team to start negotiating , this proposal could allow peace talks to proceed without finding a complete prior answer to the West's " dealing with Hamas " problem .
Meshaal also restated Hamas 's support for establishing a Palestinian state alongside Israel , in the areas that Israel occupied in 1967 – providing that all the occupied land , including East Jerusalem , as well as the right of Palestinian refugees to return to areas they fled in 1948 , would also be implemented .
No Israeli government would accept this plan as it stands .
But it represents a notable shift toward pragmatism and away from the positions stated in Hamas 's 1988 Charter .
It can be seen as Hamas 's starting point in a negotiation in which all parties would need to show further flexibility .
The hard - line language in Hamas 's Charter – as in the 1999 Charter of Israel 's Likud Party – could be changed somewhere in the future , as happened in the South African peacemaking , rather than requiring it to be changed upfront .
If Hamas is folded into the peacemaking , it would emerge – like South Africa 's African National Congress , or Northern Ireland 's Sinn Fein – as a very different organization afterward .
In addition , if Obama 's peace diplomacy works – with Israelis , Palestinians , and other Arabs – then the whole Arab - Israeli arena would become very different from what we see today .
Israel and its neighbors could finally turn their attentions away from preparing and waging war and rebuild their own societies in a climate of security and hope .
Helena Cobban 's latest book is " Re-engage !
America and the World After Bush . "
She blogs at JustWorldNews.org .
For our Sixth Annual Mp3 Experiment , over 2,000 people of all ages downloaded the same mp3 , pressed play at the same time , and had a blast together .
This year ’s event took place on Roosevelt Island , a thin strip of land in the middle of the East River .
Enjoy the video recap first , and then check out the full photos and report .
If you ’ve never heard of The Mp3 Experiment series , you can read about it here : The Mp3 Experiments .
This year ’s location was Roosevelt Island .
It ’s a really beautiful place , situated in between Manhattan and Queens on the East River .
There are about 12,000 residents on the island .
To participate in this year ’s experiment , agents were given these instructions .
Everyone synchronized their watch to the clock on the instruction page , downloaded the mp3 , wore a red , blue , yellow , or green shirt , and then traveled to the island .
At exactly 4:00 PM , everyone would press play from wherever they happened to be on the island .
It ’s always fun to spot other participants in the hours leading up to the event .
Everyone was told to wear red , blue , green , or yellow shirts .
It ’s pretty easy to figure out who will be participating .
By 3:30 , the crowd started to get really huge .
There is one subway stop on the island , and each arriving F train brought tons of colorful folks .
Participants exiting the subway station
One participant managed to find a quiet spot all to himself
We had a wonderfully diverse group of people show up again this year .
All ages , races , and backgrounds were present .
We had newborns , children , high school kids , college students , 20/30 somethings , parents , and grandparents , all playing together .
Mom , Dad , Son , Dog
I always enjoy participating alone and try to sit away from anyone I know personally .
I took a seat on the west coast of the island right next to a family who had a red - shirted dog with them .
He was awesome !
The Brown twins ( Human Mirror agents ! )
4:00 arrived , and participants scattered all over the island pressed play .
After the awesome opening song by Tyler Walker , Steve ( the omnipotent “ voice from above ” / narrator of every Mp3 Experiment ) introduced himself and led us in some light breathing and stretching .
Participants stretch their groins
Condo residents look down at the masses on their courtyard
Steve had us jump to our feet like popping popcorn and throw our hands in the air .
Jumping up from the ground
A woman throws her hands in the air in reaction to the field of participants doing the same
Next up was the traditional geography test .
Participants were asked to point to the sites of some of the past Mp3 Experiments and then towards Nicaragua , the direction of which many sadly have n’t learned yet !
Disagreement
Next up was the “ audience interaction ” phase of the experiment .
Participants were instructed to high five as many non-participants as they could find .
Part of the fun of the Mp3 Experiment each year is seeing the looks on the faces of those who happen upon us and have no idea what is going on .
This guy got MANY high fives
Some folks even went into the stores and cafes on the island to give high fives .
The next task was to form single file lines behind non participants , making them an unknowing leader in a short game of Follow the Leader .
On my section of the island , there were a half - dozen really funny lines of people .
It was hilarious walking on one side of the street in a giant line and seeing another line across the street walking in the opposite direction .
Many of the non-participants were laughing at the other lines , while not realizing they had a hundred people lined up behind them as well !
Two lines formed behind two public safety officers
At first , this guy did n’t realize what was behind him
Thumbs up !
The next activity was square dancing .
Participants dosey - doed with as many people as they could while a silly square dance song played .
It was fun constantly switching partners , and the laughter was infectious .
Steve then called for “ Nap time ! ”
Everyone dropped to the ground at the same instant and took a fifteen second power nap .
Notice the one woman on the bench
It was time for everyone to take a walk together to the southern tip of the island .
Steve went to grab his favorite soda while his estranged cousin Dave entertained everyone with a story that took place on Roosevelt Island many years ago ( or not . )
You can listen to the story ( written by Tyler Walker ) here : Peters and the Wolves
As everyone began merging together on the paths on either side of the island , it started to become clear just how many people were participating .
It was about a fifteen minute walk to get to southern tip ( longer for those who were in the back . )
Participants walked along the river , enjoying Manhattan skyline views .
They entered the gates to Southpoint Park and passed the old , abandoned Renwick smallpox hospital
The crowd then followed a short path over the hill and found themselves in a beautiful green space with stunning views in every direction .
Southpoint Park ( minus our participants )
People watch as 2,000 + participants arrive in the park
A picnic is interrupted
The park was mostly empty .
I ’m always surprised at how few people are there , considering how cool it is .
There were a few people milling about , and a group of folks sitting in the grass .
Hopefully they enjoyed the spectacle .
If not , we were gone 20 minutes later anyway .
After everyone had arrived , a game of freeze tag broke out , with the different colors taking turns being “ it . ”
After all of that running around , it was time for another power nap !
It ’s really tough to show just how many people were at the experiment .
Unfortunately we did n’t have access to any tall buildings across the river , so we could n’t get a proper overhead shot .
The pictures from the ground level do n’t quite capture how ridiculously packed the park was .
Steve announced it was time for a dance party , but first he had to tell a couple of secrets .
He had the red / yellow and blue / green groups take their headphones off in turn so he could speak privately to the other group .
Blue / green were told to dance like they were from the 1920s and red / yellow were told to dance like they were from the 2020s .
What followed was a 2,000 + person dance party for flappers and robots .
Party like it ’s 2029
For the finale , Steve introduced everyone to a new game , Bats vs. Hammers .
The red / yellow team headed to the northern part of the field and received 700 inflatable bats while the blue / green team went to the southern part of the field to receive 700 inflatable hammers .
I figured 1,400 weapons would be enough , but hundreds of people did n’t get a weapon and had to participate in spirit .
Rob blows up his bat
The red / yellow team
The blue / green team
Agent Phire leads his team into battle
Agent Mike the Man charges with his hammer
Steve interrupted the fight suddenly .
“ Why must we hit each other with inflatable objects every Mp3 Experiment ? ” he said .
He told the crowd that while they were fighting , the Lone Wolf ( a character mentioned in the story they heard earlier ) had made his way to the park .
It was time to unite against a common enemy !
Steve had everyone remove their colored shirts to reveal their white shirt underneath .
Everyone was now on the same team !
Participants wave their shirts overhead as they prepare to fight the Lone Wolf
Through a cloud of smoke , the Lone Wolf appeared on the staircase at the southern tip of the island .
A couple of thousand people beat on the wolf ( he was wisely wearing a cup . )
The attack on the wolf captured by someone across the river in Queens ( via )
The Lone Wolf is dead !
Steve instructed everyone to celebrate their victory in slow motion .
While some Chariots of Fire-ish music played , the masses high fived and hugged each other at quarter speed .
The dog was n’t so good at slow motion
The experiment came to an end as the crowd all shouted “ goodbye ! ” to Steve in unison .
We were blown away by how many people came out to participate .
We ca n’t thank you enough for supporting Improv Everywhere and coming out to play with us .
It ’s just so cool to see all sorts of people young and old getting together to do something so ridiculous , just for the fun of it .
Unfortunately we were not able to tour
The Mp3 Experiment this year , but hopefully we will again one day ( The 2008 tour was so much fun . )
We do enjoy bringing The Mp3 Experiment to new places , so if you know a festival or university that wants to hire us to stage an experiment in your area , let us know .
We ’ve recently staged experiments at festivals in Berlin and Australia .
And if you ’re a fan of Improv Everywhere , show your support by buying or new book !
Agent Erde poses with Agent Todd and Agent Scordelis ( still in wolf costume ) after getting his book signed following The Mp3 Experiment
Finally , I just had to share this photo I randomly found on Facebook , clearly taken a bit later on in the evening .
Mission Accomplished .
OTHER RESOURCES :
PHOTOS
Agent Sokoler ’s Photos
Agent Fountain ’s Photos
Agent Hambly ’s Photos
Agent Chigirev ’s Photos
Agent Liu’s Photos
Roosevelt L!VE ’s Photos
AUDIO
You can download some of the songs from The Mp3 Experiment on Agent Walker ’s MySpace page .
AGENT REPORTS
Check out first hand reports from participants on the Recap Page .
Add your own report if you were there .
Read David Pogue ’s write up of the event for The New York Times
Agent Small did a secret sequel of Subway Art Gallery Opening in the F train stop for participants to see on their way home .
Check out her photos of the project .
This is a status report for the Linux Driver Project as of June 2009 , describing what has happened in the past year of work .
It was originally posted on the Linux Driver Project developer mailing list .
The Linux Driver Project ( LDP ) is now over two years old .
It sprang up out of the complaints from some users and companies that there was a real " Linux driver problem " .
The perception was that Linux did not have good driver support , and that closed source drivers were potentially taking over some device types .
It turns out , that almost all hardware is currently already supported on Linux , with almost all major vendors shipping Linux drivers .
So last year , I proposed the following goals :
Continue to write new drivers for any company that wishes to have them developed .
These drivers are all to be released under the GPLv2 and included in the main Linux kernel source tree hosted at kernel.org .
Future maintenance of these drivers will be done either by members of the original company , or by the community members , depending on the wishes of the company .
Continue to be a focal point for companies to learn about the Linux development process and become part of the kernel community if they wish to .
I hope to enlist more people to help out with this process , but if not , my airline miles logged will continue to increase .
Work more in an open development manner , hosting all experimental and development code in a public git tree , getting daily testing in the linux - next tree on all architectures .
Goal one ( write drivers ) has been very successful .
Myself and many other members of the LDP have written new drivers for a wide range of different hardware devices , and gotten them merged into the main kernel tree .
Several more are currently under development and we are averaging about 2 querys a month for different drivers from different companies .
This work will continue to happen in the following year , as everyone involved seems to be happy with it .
However , there will be a few procedural changes in how this is working , to help resolve some of the issues that have occurred .
For more details about this , see the discussion on the LDP development mailing list .
Goal two ( educate people ) has been reasonably successful .
While working with many companies , we have helped them become maintainers of their own codebases within the kernel , integrating them into the main kernel development process , allowing themself to control their drivers and direction for their Linux support much easier .
However the need for training on how to do this kind of development , and even just basic Linux kernel development skills is in very high demand .
Hopefully through the new Linux Foundation effort of providing training , this need can be met .
Although I still expect myself and other members of the LDP to continue to travel and speak about this topic .
Goal three ( work in the open ) has succeeded even better than I had expected .
At the Linux Kernel Summit last year , the drivers / staging / tree was created , allowing us a place within the main Linux kernel tree for drivers to be merged that were not yet of the high kernel quality standards .
This has allowed many users the ability to use their hardware with Linux much earlier than previously possible , and it has allowed a common place for the community to contribute patches and fixes for these drivers .
This has aliviated the need to hunt over the internet for various drivers .
The staging tree has also provided a place for developers wishing to get into Linux kernel development to easily help out and start working on code .
Often times it is only the lack of knowing what to work on that keeps many people from participating in kernel development .
This portion of the kernel tree provides ample opportunities for people to help out with .
So , what is next for the LDP ?
As the previous three goals worked so well this past year , I propose just continuing them in the following manner :
We will work with any company that wishes to have Linux kernel drivers written for them , doing the work , for free , and merging the result into the mainline kernel tree .
We will work with any company that wishes to have us work to merge their existing Linux kernel drivers into the main kernel tree .
We will maintain the staging tree , containing " pre-mergable " code , to provide a centralized point for users to use new hardware sooner , and for developers to be able to join the kernel community .
We will work on education and training of companies and developers about how the Linux kernel development process works , and help them achive the technical knowledge to participate fully within it .
I 'd first like to thank my employer , Novell , for giving me the opportunity to work on this project full time .
Their acceptance and support for the LDP is amazing and has been what has allowed it to survive and produce such great results .
I 'd also like to thank all of the developers who have offered to help out with this project .
Your volunteering to participate is amazing and shows the strength of the Linux developer community .
I 'd also like to thank Tomasz Grzegurzko for maintaining and keeping the linuxdriverproject.org domain and server up and running so well .
Also thanks to the OSU Open Source Labs for your domain and bandwidth support of the project .
posted Thu , 04 Jun 2009 in [ / linux ]
Mark “ Rizzn ” Hopkins is at SXSW and will filing reports for The Inquisitr while he ’s there .
What ’s the future ?
Is it Minority Report ?
Is it The Matrix ?
Depending on which futurist you talk to , it could be one or the other ( or both ) .
The panel I attended early Friday afternoon showed compelling evidence that we ’re living in a world of Minority Report meets Cyberpunk – if the realities of those fictional worlds are n’t here yet , they will be in a matter of moments .
Why , then , are we still amazed by the things we see in HP commercials and Microsoft concept demos ?
Because they ’re just on the edge of what ’s possible , and because they reflect a polished presentation that does n’t seem to mesh with the reality of how such innovation is happening in this world .
One of the panelists told a mind - blowing story about a company he ’s working with that is literally creating working brain - jacks .
He described the installation process in vivid detail .
These folks drilled a hole into each human recipient ’s brain , and inserted a spherical piece of glass , hollowed and filled with fetal stem cells .
He said that the wiring was affixed to the stem cell glass , and when it was all sealed up , they allowed the connections to organically grow to the installed jack .
This is something that ’s happening now , and while it sounds highly illegal ( another panelist even said as much ) , it ’s apparently true .
The reality of innovation , though , is far less grotesque and needs very little invasive surgery .
Repeatedly , the efforts of Johnny Lee were brought up .
If you have n’t seen his work , you should .
He ’s Minority Report style interfaces by simply hacking the Nintendo Wii .
I see a lot of these things come through my radar as I write about advancements in robotics at my blog .
Sure , there are lots of interesting bots and developments that come from the big guys like Honda and Sony , but for each news story concerning the Aibo or the Asimo there are ten homebrewed projects that create near - military grade robots using home - grown parts .
The panel was very interesting , and there were more than a few riveting videos of filmmaker perceptions of the future using currently feasible technology , but the bottom line seemed to be that if you want to see the future , you need to look to the hackers of today .
Mark Rizzn Hopkins writes for Silicon Angle and his own blog Rizzn.com .
In a move to thwart an attempt to rewrite the Honduran constitution , soldiers have arrested President Manuel Zelaya in what one leader has called a coup and which the European Union has condemned as unconstitutional .
Just before polls were to open on a controversial referendum to allow the president more than a single four - year term , which had led to escalating political tensions in this Central American nation in recent days , soldiers surrounded the president 's home and took him into military custody .
Speaking to a local television station Sunday from the airport in Costa Rica 's capital , San Jose , Mr. Zelaya said soldiers arrested him in his pajamas and beat his body guards in what he criticized as " a coup " and " a kidnapping . "
Zelaya is an ally of leftist leader Venezuela President Hugo Chávez , who expressed support of his referendum along with Cuba 's Fidel Castro .
Honduras had joined ALBA , the alliance of leftist leaders in the region as an alternative to free - trade agreements they say are dominated by the US .
Across Latin America , leftist leaders have successfully rewritten their constitutions to enable their re-elections .
But while Mr. Chávez , Evo Morales in Bolivia , and Rafael Correa in Ecuador have successfully modified their charters to elongate their rule , it seems Zelaya miscalculated his institutional backing .
" Zelaya confused himself with ( other ) governments by assuming that he had a constituency when he did n't really , " says Larry Birns , head of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs in Washington .
" He is not a person who had hit a respondent chord in the population , which he could politically rely upon .
...
It was a miscalculation . "
Spat with the military
Zelaya fired the armed forces Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Romeo Vasquez after his refusal to support an unofficial referendum to modify the nation 's constitution , and then refused to back down even after the Supreme Court deemed the referendum illegal and Congress failed to support it .
Soldiers , in dozens of white pickup trucks , reportedly put Zelaya in military custody in his home before taking him to an air force base outside the capital city .
Neither the military nor presidential advisers have said who is in charge of the government right now .
" We 're talking about a coup d'etat , " said union leader and Zelaya ally Rafael Alegria .
" This is regrettable . "
Polarizing drive to rewrite the Constitution
Despite a history of coups , Honduras has been stable since military rule ended in the 80s .
But the drive to modify the constitution deeply polarized the country .
The European Union has condemned his overthrow , saying the leader should be returned immediately .
In a statement , the 27 ministers of the EU called it an " unacceptable violation of the constitutional order in Honduras . "
In a show of support for Zelaya in recent days , Chávez , according to the Miami Herald , said : " there is a coup d'etat under way in Honduras , " led by the " retrograde bourgeoisie . "
Events in Honduras could have deeper political ramifications .
" If he is unseated , this will represent the first political reversal that the ALBA countries have had , " says Mr. Birns .
" They have scored a noticeable victory with Ecuador , and recent elections in El Salvador .
This will mark a reversal of its prospects . "
April 10 , 2009 6:00 PM | Eric Caoili
After the success of Mike Tyson 's Punch - Out !! , another company intended to release an NES ' spiritual ' sequel with the help of Beam Software , now Krome Studios Melbourne .
Unlike the series ' other entries , this follow - up was slated to star Tyson , and not Little Mac as the protagonist .
Familiar trainer Jerome " Doc " Louis was also replaced with Don King 's outrageous hair .
The former heavyweight champion started to have public marital and personal problems , and was eventually arrested and brought to court for rape charges in 1991 .
Some time before this , Nintendo 's original NES Punch - Out !!!
was re-released -- removing Tyson 's presence -- as Punch - Out !!
featuring Mr. Dream , though it 's unclear exactly what prompted this .
What is known , though , is that Beam 's Mike Tyson ’s Intergalactic Power Punch ( we 'll get into the odd title in a bit ) never got released , apparently due to both licensing and quality issues .
So the developer and its new publisher removed Tyson from the sequel , switching him out for a generic fictional boxer named “ Tough Guy ” Mark Tyler , and American Softworks eventually published a modified version of the title as Power Punch II in 1992 , despite the non-existence of a Power Punch I .
17 years later , a playable version of Mike Tyson ’s Intergalactic Power Punch has been made available for anyone to download and play , presumably with an NES emulator .
The story behind the ROM 's release began three weeks ago when Jason " DreamTR " Wilson -- known by many in video game collecting circles for his stockpile of rarities and prototypes -- notified the NintendoAge community that he would be willing to dump the data from his prototype cart of Mike Tyson ’s Intergalactic Power Punch for $ 2000 .
Before you castigate Wilson for holding the ROM hostage , one should note three things :
He has dumped and released many rare ROMs for others in the past Releasing the ROM to the public devalues his actual cart
He eventually lowered the asking price to $ 1500
Over 50 of NintendoAge.com 's forum members raised that $ 1500 , with a couple donating $ 100 or more , and others even selling games from their own collections to scrounge up contribution money .
The ROM is now available for anyone to download , and RetroZone is selling reproduction carts for the game , priced at $ 30 .
NintendoAge even featured the artwork from the game in its monthly e-zine , also listing members who contributed to the ROM 's purchase .
Unfortunately , Mike Tyson 's Intergalactic Power Punch , like Power Punch II , is terrible .
You can see footage of it here , recorded by NESguide :
After Don King brags that there is n't a man walking this earth that stands a chance against Tyson , the Intergalactic Boxing Federation challenges the boxer to fight its ridiculous lineup of alien pugilists ( some even use vehicles during the fights ) .
Also , instead of ring girls or Mario bookending each round , the game uses ring slugs .
The alien fighters are much too strong , and Punch - Out !!'s dodging and counter - attacking element has been left out .
Playing the game is awful , regardless if you 're “ Tough Guy ” Mark Tyler or Mike Tyson .
But at least it 's gratis to check out ( if you do n't count the cash donated by other more charitable people ) , so I guess I should n't complain much !
[ UPDATE 2 : Fixed some of the confusing chronology around the release of the Tyson - less Punch - Out !! , and clarified that Nintendo was never backing the sequel , most likely - it was ASC who got the Tyson license and then removed it .
Thanks to Lost Levels 's Frank Cifaldi who tipped us to the ROM 's release . ]
Der deutsche Chemie - Nobelpreisträger Gerhard Ertl hat sich für höhere Benzinpreise ausgesprochen .
Damit könnte der Staat den notwendigen Anreiz zum Energiesparen und für umweltfreundliche Technik setzen , sagte Ertl der dpa bei der Tagung der Nobelpreisträger in Lindau .
" Der Zwang , nach Alternativen zu suchen , ist noch nicht groß genug . "
Das Nobel - Komitee hatte die Auszeichnung für Ertl 2007 unter anderem damit begründet , dass dank seiner Grundlagenforschung " so unterschiedliche Vorgänge wie das Rosten von Eisen und die Arbeitsweise von Brennstoffzellen oder Katalysatoren in unseren Autos " verständlich geworden seien .
Der in Berlin arbeitende Ertl und einer der Chemie - Nobelpreisträger von 1988 , Hartmut Michel vom Max - Planck - Institut für Biophysik in Frankfurt am Main , machten sich auf der Tagung zudem für die Sonnenenergie stark .
Biokraftstoffe und Biokraftwerke seien dagegen kein Weg , um die Energieversorgung der nächsten Generationen zu sichern .
Die Herstellung von Biosprit der " 1. Generation " zum Beispiel aus Ölsaaten oder Getreide gerät zunehmend in die Kritik , da für den Anbau der Ausgangsprodukte ökologisch wertvolle Flächen gerodet würden beziehungweise die Konkurrenz zwischen " Tank und Teller " zu einem Anstieg der Lebensmittelpreise führten .
Update :
Bei der Sonnenenergie geht es Ertl zufolge darum , die Technik am Markt durchzusetzen .
Die Einspeisevergütung für Solarstrom sei ein richtiger Schritt .
Die Sonne sei der Energielieferant der Zukunft .
Bei mit Biomasse betriebenen Kraftwerken gehe die Rechnung dagegen nicht auf .
Auch Nobelpreisträger
Michel sagte der dpa , es sei nicht effizient , die Sonnenstrahlung erst in Pflanzen zu speichern , um über diesen Umweg dann Energie zu gewinnen .
Er spricht sich seit längerem entschieden gegen Biokraftstoffe aus .
Wirkungsvoller sei es , aus der Sonnenstrahlung Strom zu gewinnen .
Der Nobelpreisträger hält es für möglich , den deutschen Bedarf an elektrischer Energie langfristig mit Solarkraftwerken zu decken .
Interessant sei die Idee , diese in Afrika zu errichten .
Moderne Leitungen könnten die Distanz überbrücken .
Allerdings sprachen Michel und Ertl von einer Übergangszeit von 20 Jahren .
Darum seien neue konventionelle Kraftwerke kaum vermeidbar .
Michel nannte Kohlekraftwerke ebenso vertretbar wie den Betrieb von Atomkraftwerken .
Ertl forderte von der Politik während der Übergangszeit aber deutliche Signale für den Umstieg auf Solartechnik .
Erdöl , Erdgas und Kohle seien endlich .
" Das heißt , man müsste endlich anfangen " , sagte Ertl .
Die Frage erneuerbarer Energien steht im Mittelpunkt der bis zum 3 . Juli dauernden 59 .
Tagung der Nobelpreisträger . ( ssu )
So far , the Standby Team of Mediation Experts , established last year to help the UN respond more quickly to crises , has been asked to help with the Organization ’s peacemaking and preventive diplomacy in nine areas in Africa , Europe and the Middle East , said Assistant Secretary - General for Political Affairs Haile Menkerios .
“ Responding effectively to peacemaking opportunities depends on getting to the field quickly with the right kind of expertise , ” said Mr. Menkerios .
“ The Standby Team is helping us to do just that . ”
The six - member team “ should be used more widely as a resource by envoys in the field , ” he said at a luncheon honouring departing members of the team who serve one year terms .
During its first 15 months , the Team has helped in Kenya , the Central African Republic ( CAR ) , Comoros , Cyprus , Iraq , Kenya , Madagascar , Nepal and Somalia .
The experts have also facilitated dialogue between Belgrade and Pristina , and their clients have included not just UN political envoys , but also peacekeeping missions , UN Resident Coordinators and the African Union ( AU ) .
The Norwegian Government funded the initial 15 month - pilot phase of the Standby Team and has agreed to provide continued financing .
The Technology Guarantee program for Windows 7 is similar to the upgrade program Microsoft offered during the time leading up to the launch of Vista .
In short , customers who purchase a Vista PC between a specific date and the release of Windows 7 will get a free upgrade copy of Windows 7 .
That specific date has been speculated before to be July 1 , but according to a leaked Best Buy memo obtained by Engadget , it might actually be starting five days before that .
There are three main points in the memo that are worth mentioning :
The Technology Guarantee program will begin on June 26
The Technology Guarantee program will also cover individual software purchases of Windows Vista Home Premium , Windows Vista Business , and Windows Vista Ultimate
Between June 26 and July 11 , you will be able to prepurchase some Windows 7 versions : $ 49.99 for Windows 7 Home Premium Upgrade and $ 99.99 for Windows 7 Professional Upgrade
While the third point about pricing is a very interesting one , since it might end up being Best Buy - specific and it's only during a promotional period , I 'm not going to get too excited ( though I would love for the prices to be this low ) .
Microsoft has yet to reveal Windows 7 pricing for full versions and upgrade versions , but those are likely to be announced later this month .
The second point is the one that is the one that captures my attention the most , because the XP to Vista upgrade program was only for computers purchased with XP preinstalled .
If this program ends up being for computers purchased with Vista as well as Vista boxed purchases , then Microsoft has taken another step in the right direction for its upcoming operating system .
Here 's a peek at this week 's episode of Time Warp , where hosts Jeff and Matt join up with magicians Penn and Teller in Las Vegas and get a behind the scenes tour of Cirque de Soleil 's O .
Advertisement
Also in this episode , you 'll get a look at the technology being used on the show , including an explanation of how their high speed cameras work .
Time Warp — a show that uses high - speed cameras to capture every - day actions in slow motion — airs every Wednesday at 8 PM on the Discovery Channel .
[ Time Warp ]
That did n’t take long .
Less than two weeks have passed since much of the medical - industrial complex made a big show of working with President Obama on health care reform  and the double - crossing is already well under way .
Indeed , it ’s now clear that even as they met with the president , pretending to be cooperative , insurers were gearing up to play the same destructive role they did the last time health reform was on the agenda .
So here ’s the question : Will Mr. Obama gloss over the reality of what ’s happening , and try to preserve the appearance of cooperation ?
Or will he honor his own pledge , made back during the campaign , to go on the offensive against special interests if they stand in the way of reform ?
The story so far : on May 11 the White House called a news conference to announce that major players in health care , including the American Hospital Association and the lobbying group America ’s Health Insurance Plans , had come together to support a national effort to control health care costs .
The fact sheet on the meeting , one has to say , was classic Obama in its message of post - partisanship and , um , hope .
“ For too long , politics and point - scoring have prevented our country from tackling this growing crisis , ” it said , adding , “ The American people are eager to put the old Washington ways behind them . ”
Television news bombards us daily with images of global destruction , famine , disease , and wars .
No wonder we despair at the future mankind is forging for itself , one filled with hopelessness and religious fanatics hiding behind guns .
However , what the news does not show is a modified trend amongst the citizens of the world – a transfer from salvation to liberation ; a change in mindset and taking responsibility , teaching other like - minded individuals by example .
As a reporter I travel to many third - world countries , those with just emerging markets , and of late have seen this thread as a constant in all of them .
I had the privilege of meeting one such pioneer when I recently travelled to the tropical paradise island of Sri Lanka , just off the southern tip of India .
What the guidebooks promised and what I found were worlds apart .
Sri Lanka ’s cities are full of dilapidated buildings , untouched since independence in 1948 , with garbage strewn everywhere .
The markets – noisy and confusing – are shrouded in tropical cloaks of decay .
Nobody seems too concerned about living in squalor .
With no motorways and no sidewalks , pedestrians are forced to walk in the chaotic traffic where the Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœevery man for himself ’ rule applies .
Thus I extracted myself from this mayhem and headed to the mountains .
A Deeper Paradise
“ The Tea Country ” is Sri Lanka ’s most magnificent region – tropical waterfalls spilling to bottomless gorges , views of pastoral splendour to undulating horizons .
Punctuating these tranquil settings are cool mountain resort towns acting as gentle reminders of an era dominated by monied English tea barons ’ colonial Tudor - styled homes , complete with trimmed rose bushes and manicured lawns .
I arrived at the Thotulagalla Tea Estate and was met by a barrel of a man who extended his meaty hand at me , giving mine a vigorous shake .
“ Welcome ” , he growled , “ I ’m Newman .
Mike Newman . ”
He indicated that I should follow him up the sloping driveway to his house beside the factory .
The Thotulagalla Estate is some 6,000 feet above sea level and produces organically grown tea which is processed at the on -site factory .
What the guidebooks promised and what I found were worlds apart .
Mike Newman , a seasoned planter who hails from a respected cultivating family , manages the Thotulagalla Organic Tea plantation with a labour force of some 350 .
Mindful of the impact conventional farming practices have on the environment and society , the Thotulagalla Estate is committed to using only organic , environmental and socially ethical methods in the growing and processing of their product and carry the certified Level A ( full organic ) status .
We decanted into Mike ’s 4×4 and drove through the immense Estate .
I asked that he stop for a while so I could photograph and observe the spellbinding image of the vivid saris amongst the waist high emerald bushes .
The hands of the tea pickers resembled butterflies flitting over the shrubs , moving independently of one another , nipping off the youngest and topmost leaves by snapping the stem , then tossing the pickings into the large baskets on their backs .
Setting An Example
“ Ceylon Tea , ” Mike announced , “ has for the past century had the clear distinction of being the finest , most fragrant tea in the world . ”
He considered the landscape before him .
“ We are blessed with the ability to grow tea in an ideal climate and in near perfect conditions here in the Uva province .
By us using only purely organic methods of growing and harvesting , we reduce the caffeine and tannin , which undoubtedly contributes to the distinct richness and flavour you ’ll find in your cup – which is as nature intended . ”
I enquired after the need to go organic , seeing that conditions where already so agreeable .
“ The health benefits , to start with , are numerous , ” Mike claimed .
“ An organic workplace provides for a safer working environment .
In conventional agriculture there is widespread misuse of agro-chemical fertilisers , herbicide and pesticides due to lack of awareness , due to not reading instructions , due to not wearing protective clothing or lack of chemical storage knowledge .
No such issues exist with organic products . ”
He continued .
“ The misuse of chemicals often leads to products reaching local markets with harmfully high level of pesticide residue .
This does not occur with organic food . ”
“ As nothing is paid to national - and multi-national companies for the supply of chemicals , money stays on the farm , in the farming community , and in the country , thus ending the poverty trap . ”
A Holistic Work Environment
I noticed some tea pickers being bussed off to a building in the valley and enquired after their destination .
“ Nursing mothers are transported to the crÃƒÂ ¨che three times a day , ” Mike claimed .
Encouraged by this show of humanity , I enquired after the other facilities Thotulagalla Estate provides their staff and discovered that not only was there a crÃƒÂ¨che , but a primary school and a newly built secondary school too
The teachers are provided by the Education Department ; along with an estate medical practitioner , a brand - new community centre , and really good housing – each with a patch of land for self cultivation or live - stock grazing .
“ They give me a free hand and let me run the Estate as I see fit , ” Mike said .
I walked around the little village which contained neat brick houses ( water and energy supplied by the Estate ) and found willing models for my camera .
Mike and his petite wife , Hirani , chatted with off - duty staff that came out to greet them .
Clearly the Newman ’s were held in high esteem .
“ This is our newly built community centre , ” Hirani Newman announced .
“ It was built with funds partly derived from Fair - trade and partly our Social Committee . ”
Although it is optional to buy Fair - trade labels the Thotulagalla Estate take it a step further and direct a sizable chunk of their profit towards the Estate ’s Social Committee .
The Thotulagalla Estate is owned by Greenfield Bio Plantations and has five foreign directors – two based in India , two in Australia and one in Switzerland , and promoted worldwide by Lanka Organics based in Colombo .
“ They give me a free hand and let me run the Estate as I see fit , ” Mike said .
The Taste Of Hope
We proceeded to the large white tea factory where Mike guided me through the complicated process of tea withering , rolling , firing , drying and grading .
“ Our present range of organic teas includes organic black tea from pure Ceylon to English Breakfast , green teas , herbal and fruit teas . ”
I sampled each one and could not decide which I liked more , then decided to try them all again .
Standing at the precipice of the Thotulagalla Estate , mist swirling around my ankles and a light breeze dancing with my hair , I surveyed before me a mystic valley in hues of blue and lavender , stitched with wisps of silver mist .
I could hear shrieks of hilarity of a joke being told by the usually serene pickers behind me and distant laughter of school children ambling home .
I turned to look at Mike and Hirani , who were embraced , and quietly wondered where the television news cameras were now .
I thougt how refreshing it would be if , for just one day , we were bombarded by images like this – images portraying citizens of the world offering hope and prosperity , kindness and guidance .
I felt somewhat humbled standing in the presence of true leader .
The London Times reports that the final weeks of fighting in Sri Lanka ’s civil war claimed more than 20,000 civilian lives , mostly at the hands of government forces .
A U.N. official tells the paper the actual figure is “ Higher . … Keep going . ”
The government kept aid workers and reporters away during a three - week bombardment that ultimately ended the 26 - year war .
Despite all the fire pointed at Republicans by the White House , the GOP is hardly Obama 's biggest headache .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Obama mixes it up in health - care brawl
President Barack Obama dove into the political street - fight threatening his signature issue Monday — taking aim at a first - term Republican senator in hopes of rallying Democrats increasingly nervous about Obama - style reform .
The White House opened an aggressive three - week push for health care legislation before the August recess with Obama attacking Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) for saying health care might be Obama ’s “ Waterloo . ”
Obama ’s press secretary and national party chairman picked up on the line of attack as well .
Advertisement
Republicans responded in kind Monday — with Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele describing Obama ’s health care plan as a “ multitrillion - dollar experiment ” and his administration ’s approach as socialism .
But for all the fire pointed their way by the White House , Republicans are hardly Obama ’s biggest headache .
His problems lately have come from within his own party , as divided House and Senate caucuses have shown a surprising willingness to buck Obama on his top domestic priority just six months into his presidency .
Obama seems mindful of the problem — and was clearly hoping Monday that he could stir up Democrats ’ anger toward DeMint ’s comments , perhaps even long enough for them to forget all the things that worry them about Obama ’s plans for reform .
DeMint said Friday on a conservative conference call that “ if we ’re able to stop Obama on this , it will be his Waterloo .
It will break him . ”
On Monday , Obama responded , quoting DeMint ’s line word for word .
“ Think about that .
This is n’t about me .
This is n’t about politics .
This is about a health care system that is breaking America ’s families , breaking America ’s businesses and breaking America ’s economy .
And we ca n’t afford the politics of delay and defeat when it comes to health care , not this time , not now . ”
Later in an interview with PBS ’s Jim Lehrer , Obama even invoked the memory of Hillary Clinton ’s failed attempt to overhaul health care in the 1990s — with a warning that Republicans used Clinton ’s defeat as a springboard back to power .
“ They explicitly went after the Clintons , said we ’re not going to get this done , ” Obama said .
“ So it was a pure political play , a show of strength by the Republicans that helped them regain the House .
I think there are folks who think that we should try to dust off that old playbook . ”
And in an unusual move , he made a personal appeal to a handful of progressive bloggers during a late afternoon conference call to keep up the pressure on lawmakers and debunk false information about his plan .
" I know the blogs are best at debunking myths that can slip through a lot of the traditional media outlets , " he said , according to the Huffington Post .
" And that is why you are going to play such an important role in our success in the weeks to come . "
For his part , DeMint pushed back at Obama ’s remarks Monday with a statement saying , “ Let ’s be clear :
There is no one in this debate advocating that we do nothing despite the president ’s constant straw man arguments . ”
The Democratic concerns run deep — so deep that it ’s not clear that a political pitch from the president can ease their worries , given their substantive problems with the plan .
“ The president has to do what he feels will work to get the legislation moving , ” said Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) , who has joined with two Democrats , two Republicans and one independent to ask for additional time on the bill .
“ What the six of us want is a bipartisan piece of legislation .
There were enough people concerned about it that we ought to say something .
The complexities of the bill are incredible . ”
It does n’t help that Obama is now seeing some of the lowest polling in his presidency — with his approval rating drifting back toward mere - mortal status and the public giving him lower marks on health care , specifically , than they have in recent months .
A Washington Post - ABC
News poll released Monday found public approval of Obama ’s handling of health care dipped below 50 percent for the first time – with 49 percent saying they approve and 44 percent saying they disapprove .
And the cold reality for the White House is that it ’s on a 3 ½ - year schedule while lawmakers in the fight have their eyes on a different calendar , the 2010 midterms .
And that ’s led to some serious nervousness among people who are usually among Obama ’s biggest fans .
Take House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) .
On MSNBC ’s “ Morning Joe ” Monday , he said he wants to delay the tax hike to pay for health care , even though the White House has said it ’s open to the idea .
“ Republicans I ’ve spoken with are very concerned about this surcharge .
I ’m concerned about that , too , ” Clyburn said .
“ We ’ve had six listening sessions of our members and we have come away from those sessions believing we can do this with the savings that we get out of the system .
... I do n’t think we have to have the surcharge at all .
There are a lot of Democrats on our side who believe that . ”
He said Democrats are working on crafting a trigger for the millionaires ’ tax that he does n’t think will need to be pulled .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi also backed off the idea , saying the proposed surcharge on the wealthy should apply to individuals who earn $ 500,000 and couples who earn at least $ 1 million .
The bill now moving through the House would raise taxes for individuals with annual adjusted gross incomes of $ 280,000 , or families that make $ 350,000 or more .
At the outset of another critical drafting process on Monday , Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Henry Waxman ( D - Calif . ) knocked down a rumor that moderate Democrats were forcing the committee to suspend consideration of the health care bill until the Senate approves its own version .
“ We ’re in the markup , ” Waxman said in response to a question about the rumor from Texas Rep. Joe Barton , the ranking Republican on the panel .
“ We ’ll continue with the markup . ”
Waxman met with Democrats in the Blue Dog Coalition before the markup session on Monday to discuss their concerns with the bill , aides said .
Blue Dogs would like more time to work through all the concerns they have with the bill , but those negotiations will continue as the committee consideration continues , aides said .
Desperate to shift the debate away from Washington arcana like Congressional Budget Office scoring or pay - as - you - go budgeting rules , Democrats have scheduled a series of press conferences to focus on the everyday effect their bill would have on patients , doctors and other medical providers .
But party leaders remain focused on shoring up support among moderates , freshmen and rural Democrats so they can move a bill out of the House .
A bipartisan group of Senate Finance Committee negotiators still need to find $ 200 billion to pay for the bill , senators said Monday .
“ I do n’t see it as possible , ” said Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) , referring to whether the Finance Committee could hold a markup this week .
But senators said their staffs worked through the weekend -- and made progress , receiving a slate of new revenue options from White House budget director Peter Orszag .
Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) said the group was reviewing the ideas .
The committee is also taking a close look at taxing insurers that offer high - end plans -- a variation on the idea of taxing employer - provided health benefits , which Democratic congressional leaders ruled out two weeks ago .
Under the latest proposal , which was offered by Sen. John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) , the tax would apply to plans that exceed a certain cost threshold .
Critics say the tax would be passed onto consumers through higher premiums .
Meanwhile , Republicans finally think they have Obama in a tough spot .
Conservative columnist William Kristol , an architect of the Republican plan to kill Bill Clinton ’s health care reform effort in 1994 , told his party in a Weekly Standard blog post Monday to “ go for the kill . ”
DeMint made his remarks on a call last week organized by the group Conservatives for Patients ’
Rights , which opposes Obama ’s plans for health care reform .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs defended Obama ’s tactic of directly engaging DeMint and went a step further , singling out Kristol as one of those Republicans who are peddling “ a breathtaking message . ”
Obama “ could just have easily have quoted a Republican strategist today who said to go for the kill and asked opponents to resist the temptation to be responsible , ” Gibbs said , referring to Kristol ’s blog post , which also urges opponents of Obama ’s reform plans to resist the temptation “ to let up on their criticism , and to try to appear constructive , or at least responsible . ”
“ If that ’s the message that they want to have , that ’s certainly their business , but understand that delay means real things , ” Gibbs said , noting that there are voters in DeMint ’s state who want health care reform .
“ There clearly are those that want to oppose this purely to continue the 40 - year - old Washington gamesmanship of playing politics on health care . ”
Patrick O’Connor contributed to this story .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The president of the southern Russian republic of Ingushetia has been wounded in an assassination attempt , apparently launched by a suicide bomber .
Yunus - Bek Yevkurov is said to be in a critical but stable condition in hospital , with head and chest injuries .
Reports said one bodyguard was killed and several others were wounded , after a car travelling at high speed rammed the president 's vehicle .
Ingushetia , which neighbours Chechnya , has seen violence soar recently .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev called the attack , in the city of Nazran , " an act of terror " .
He has ordered the interior ministry and the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) " to fully investigate the attack on the Ingush president 's life and to take all the necessary law - enforcement efforts " , presidential press secretary Natalya Timakova said .
Charred shell
The attack was launched at about 0820 ( 0420 GMT ) as the president 's motorcade passed , carrying him to work , an official told Itar - Tass news agency .
Mr Yevkurov is a decorated Russian military officer
The brother of the president was among at least three bodyguards injured in the attack , he said .
Witnesses said they saw a 4x4 vehicle - apparently the president 's - on the road with broken windows and bodywork damage .
The charred shell of another car - presumably the bomber 's - lay at the bottom of an embankment .
No group has claimed responsibility for the attack , but it seems probable that it was carried out by Muslim separatists fighting against Moscow 's rule in Ingushetia , says the BBC's Rupert Wingfield - Hayes in Moscow .
Monday 's attack is the third on a senior figure in Ingushetia in as many weeks .
Analysis : Blow for Russia
On June 10 , gunmen killed the deputy chief supreme court justice in Nazran as she dropped her children at a kindergarten .
Three days later , the region 's former vice prime minister was shot dead outside his home in Nazran .
Hundreds of refugees from the wars in Chechnya have settled in Ingushetia , a mainly Muslim republic , which is itself one of Russia 's poorest regions .
The insurgency in Chechnya has largely been suppressed , but the violence has spilled over and now seems to be escalating in Ingushetia and Dagestan .
President Yevkurov , a former paratrooper general , was installed by the Kremlin last year to try to bring stability to Ingushetia .
Mr Medvedev paid tribute to the progress made by Mr Yevkurov , saying : " The Ingush president did much recently both to bring order and ... civil peace to the republic .
The bandits did not like this activity . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
IRS Moves to Ban Tax Returns Filed By All But ‘ Experts ’
By James P. Tucker , Jr. In an astonishing power grab , the Internal Revenue Service wants to license all who prepare returns for taxpayers .
This means that Uncle Oscar could n’t help his nephew prepare his income tax return unless a Washington bureaucrat grants a license .
H&R Block and the National Association of Tax Professionals ( NATP ) are supporting the effort by IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman for selfish reasons :
If Uncle Oscar ca n’t help , his nephew must pay a “ licensed ” preparer .
Shulman said in testimony before the House Ways and Means Committee that he expects to make his recommendations to Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and President Obama by the end of the year .
Shulman argued that licensing is needed because of bad guy tax preparers .
Of the millions of tax returns filed over the last three years , only about 350 preparers were convicted of fraud , according to the IRS ’s own records .
Ryan Ellis , tax policy director at Americans for Tax Reform , challenged IRS claims that licensing would generate significant funds from “ tax cheats . ”
He told the Washington Times , “ If the IRS thinks that licensing tax preparers will raise a lot of money , it wo n’t . ”
Shulman ’s recommendations “ could focus on a new model for the regulation of tax return preparers ; education and training of return preparers ; and enforcement related to return preparer misconduct , ” the IRS said .
“ Education ” and “ training ” ?
Many times over the years , newspapers have sent male and female reporters , posing as married couples , to IRS offices for “ help ” with their returns .
They would offer simple situations : two kids and a mortgage .
In an overwhelming majority of cases , four different IRS “ professionals ” would prepare their returns in four different ways .
Shulman said 87 percent of taxpayers now use computer software or paid preparers .
“ Tax preparers and the associated industry can help us increase compliance and strengthen the integrity of the tax system , ” Shulman said .
On the subject of “ integrity , ” he failed to mention David Rockefeller and other billionaires who pay no income tax at all by ducking their obligations with the help of high - priced “ preparers . ”
The first step in the licensing process , the IRS said , will involve fact - finding
and receiving input from unlicensed tax preparers and software vendors , as well as those who are licensed by state and federal authorities , including enrolled agents , lawyers and accountants .
“ H&R Block strongly supports the IRS initiative announced by Commissioner Doug Shulman to review comprehensively alternatives for improving the accuracy of tax filings and the ethics and integrity of all who hold themselves out directly or indirectly in providing tax preparation services , ” said Chairman Richard Breeden .
“ We are all in favor of raising the bar , ” said NATP ’s Paul Cinquemani .
“ If people are operating out there without continuing education , they are on dangerous ground . ” AFP editor James P. Tucker Jr. is a veteran journalist who spent many years as a member of the “ elite ” media in Washington .
Since 1975 he has won widespread recognition , here and abroad , for his pursuit of on - the - scene stories reporting the intrigues of global power blocs such as the Bilderberg Group .
Tucker is the author of Jim Tucker ’s Bilderberg Diary : One Man ’s 25 - Year Battle to Shine the Light on the World Shadow Government .
Bound in an attractive full - color softcover and containing 272 pages — loaded with photos , many never published before — the book recounts Tucker ’s experiences over the last quarter century at Bilderberg meetings .
$ 25 from AFP .
No charge for S&H in U.S. Subscribe to American Free Press .
Online subscriptions :
One year of weekly editions — $ 15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper .
Print subscriptions : 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health : $ 59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up !
( Issue # 25 , June 22 , 2009 )
Huntsman 's mission
This , from the blog of a Utah State Rep. Craig Frank , may not be quite what Huntsman and Obama were thinking :
This is a big deal for the Governor , Utah , the United States , and …the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS ) .
Although the LDS church ’s missionary program has an ecclesiastical presence throughout many parts of the world , the countries with the largest population bases ( China and India ) are not currently open to the church ’s missionary efforts .
Huntsman served his LDS mission as a 19 year old young man in the Taiwan Taipei Mission in the early 1980’s .
He has since been back to the Far East on a number of occasions .
Huntsman not only takes to China his political acumen but also a lifetime of membership in the LDS church .
This should bode well for the LDS church ’s mission to spread the gospel throughout the world , since all members of the LDS faith are under divine mandate to …” Go ye therefore , and teach all nations … ” ( Matt 28:19 ) Huntsman ’s ambassadorship not only puts him in an excellent position to address US - China relations , it puts him in an even better position to teach the gospel …in Mandarin .
The blog has since been scrubbed , GOP 12 reports , but it lives on on Google .
Economists Felix Oberholzer - Gee and Koleman Strumpf have just released a new Harvard Business School working paper called File Sharing and Copyright that raises some important points about file sharing , copyright , and the net benefits to society .
The paper , which includes a helpful survey of the prior economic studies on the impact of file sharing , includes the following :
1 . The data indicates that file sharing has not discouraged creativity , as the evidence shows significant increases in cultural production .
The authors note that :
Overall production figures for the creative industries appear to be consistent with this view that file sharing has not discouraged artists and publishers .
While album sales have generally fallen since 2000 , the number of albums being created has exploded .
In 2000 , 35,516 albums were released .
Seven years later , 79,695 albums ( including 25,159 digital albums ) were published ( Nielsen SoundScan , 2008 ) .
Even if file sharing were the reason that sales have fallen , the new technology does not appear to have exacted a toll on the quantity of music produced .
Obviously , it would be nice to adjust output for differences in quality , but we are not aware of any research that has tackled this question .
Similar trends can be seen in other creative industries .
For example , the worldwide number of feature films produced each year has increased from 3,807 in 2003 to 4,989 in 2007 ( Screen Digest , 2004 and 2008 ) .
Countries where film piracy is rampant have typically increased production .
This is true in South Korea ( 80 to 124 ) , India ( 877 to 1164 ) , and China ( 140 to 402 ) .
During this period , U.S. feature film production has increased from 459 feature films in 2003 to 590 in 2007 ( MPAA , 2007 ) .
Given the increase in artistic production along with the greater public access conclude that " weaker copyright protection , it seems , has benefited society . "
This is consistent with the authors ' view that weaker copyright is " uambiguously desirable if it does not lessen the incentives of artists and entertainment companies to produce new works . "
2 . The paper takes on several longstanding myths about the economic effects of file sharing , noting that many downloaded songs do not represent a lost sale , some mashups may increase the market for the original work , and the entertainment industry can still steer consumer attention to particular artists ( which results in more sales and downloads ) .
3 . The authors ' point out that file sharing may not result in reduced incentives to create if the willingness to pay for " complements " increases .
They point to rising income from performances or author speaking tours as obvious examples of income that may be enhanced through file sharing .
In particular , they focus on a study that concluded that demands for concerts increased due to file sharing and that concert prices have steadily risen during the file sharing era .
Moreover , the authors ' canvass the literature on the effects of file sharing on music sales , confirming that the " results are decidedly mixed . "
The authors were one of the first to challenge the early claims about the effects of file sharing .
Years later , many other economists have followed suit ( including the study funded by Industry Canada ) .
This latest paper does a nice job of expanding the discussion , by using the data to examine incentives for creativity and the effects on aggregate creator and industry income .
BAGRAM , Afghanistan – A fraction of Afghanistan 's population has access to the net , and literacy here is abysmally low .
Still , Afghanistan 's top presidential candidates are taking their campaigns online .
Take Abdullah Abdullah , a former foreign minister who has emerged as the top challenger to President Hamid Karzai's .
Abdullah has a Facebook page and a slick website ( in English , Dari and Pashto ) that features news photos , and video .
Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai , Karzai 's former finance minister and a respected development expert , also has a sophisticated campaign website ; his U.S. - style campaign adcan be seen on YouTube .
Both Abdullah and Ghani are running on platforms that promise to end Afghanistan 's scourge of corruption and nepotism .
Ramazan Bashardost – in journalistic shorthand , Afghanistan 's Ralph Nader – is running a more quixotic campaign :
He lives in a tent , and runs in part on ten - cent donations .
But he also has his own site , with some charming graphics , and a Facebook page as well .
One has to wonder , however :
What is the target audience for these websites , particularly the ones in English ?
Take a closer look , and it's clear that they are aimed at rustling up campaign funds , especially from the Afghan diaspora .
Of course , frontrunner Karzai has his own online presence :
The coveted president .gov.af domain .
[ PHOTO : Abdullah Abdullah's Facebook page ]
See Also :
Mr Paxman described how Victorian art reflected the society of the day BBC Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has described the British public as " barbarians " who are too busy working to find time to appreciate art .
He lamented what he regards as Britain 's obsession with TV during a talk on Victorian art given at the Hay Festival of Literature in mid-Wales .
Mr Paxman said : " Watching TV is the most popular leisure activity in Britain .
I find that very depressing . "
In January , thousands tuned into his BBC TV series on the Victorians .
His comments came in a discussion following his talk , when he was asked whether paintings in galleries needed to be better explained to people .
" I think that the basic problem is that we are all a bunch of barbarians really , " he said .
Social history
He said he appreciated part of the problem was that many people were just too busy to go to galleries .
" At work people are expected to be at the beck and call of employers all the time .
" You have Blackberries and other things , and they just do n't leave you alone .
People have less time just to drop into an art gallery . "
During his talk he said whenever he travels the UK , he is in the habit of calling in at local art galleries , many of which have collections of Victorian art .
" It occurred to me that this was a fantastic way into Victorian social history , " he said .
He said many Victorian artists such as William Powell Frith and James Sharples became rich celebrities of their time .
Some artists were so popular that their paintings toured the country " like rock groups do today , " he added .
The arrival of an exhibition would often be advertised by men carrying sandwich boards walking the streets of towns .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" It was exactly 20 years ago that I stood on the northwest corner of Tiananmen Square and watched ' People ’s China ' open fire on the people , " said Nicholas Kristof in The New York Times .
Now , China is " frozen politically , " mention of the Tiananmen anniversary is blocked on Twitter , and there is no sign of the people 's " bold yearning for democracy . "
Many still want change but are biding their time ; others have already received , courtesy of China 's economic boom , the only thing they really wanted — " a better life . "
" Count me unimpressed , " said Claudia Rosett in The Wall Street Journal .
China 's rulers are hoping the world will look at their economic achievements and believe they 've come into the 21st century .
But " the real sign of modernity will come when China opens up its political system enough so that the country 's leaders no longer fear June 4 but treat the Tiananmen uprising with the honor it deserves . "
Do n't hold your breath , said Christopher Beam in Slate .
The Chinese government has carefully scrubbed any mention of the the 1989 protests and the ensuing massacre from textbooks and the media .
The state has substituted its own version of events — in which no civilians died but several martyred soldiers were burned alive in their vehicles .
" For the most part , the government avoids discussing the issue at all . "
The Explorer
Caring About Programming Languages
by Michele Simionato
June 1 , 2009
Summary
Some thoughts about programming - language communities , inspired by the Lisp conference I attended last week .
Advertisement
I do not care much about programming languages .
I mean , I do care about programming as a general activity of the mind and as a mean of self - expression , but I do not care much about a specific programming language .
I began to program professionally with Python , and I like the language , but now I am writing a book about Scheme , and tomorrow I will probably be looking at a language with static typing and type inference .
I do have any kind of fidelity to a specific language .
To me languages are tools which I use for my job and for my personal entertainment , but I do not feel any particular obligation to keep using the same language forever .
I think my position about programming languages is quite common amongst programmers and that I am in the majority .
However , who cares about the majority ?
The majority counts nothing when it comes to programming languages .
Programming languages are designed and libraries are written by a very small minority .
This is actually the norm : all science and arts are produced and evolve in consequence of the work of a small minority .
The majority matters when it comes to the question of the success of language ; one may argue that one language is more successful than another due to a set of specific boundary conditions : in that time and place , in that historic / economic situation , a language may have more or less success for all sort of technical and non-technical reasons .
When a language becomes successful the majority become relevant mostly in a negative sense , as a force resisting change , since backward compatibility concerns becomes essential .
However , here I am not concerned with the question of success : I am concerned with the creative aspects of a language , and the creative parts are always done by a small minority .
It is that minority which matters .
In such a minority you will find a lot of people that really care about their chosen language .
This is especially visible in non-mainstream languages , and particularly in the Common Lisp community .
I am writing these notes the day after the European Lisp Symposium , which was my first Lisp conference .
I did attend the Italian Python conference three weeks before that , and while there are a lot of really passionated Pythonistas there , the passion is much more visible in the Lisp community , particularly in the etymological sense of the term .
At the conference I saw with my own eyes many people caring and suffering for their language , and that sight prompted me to write these notes .
On a superficial level , the level of the user base , you could just dismiss such people as language geeks that should get a life and care more about other things .
However , while not all language geeks are part of the active community ( a lot of geeks are just whiners not producing any code relevant to the community and not having any effect on the evolution of a language and its libraries )
I think it is fair to say that within the active community you can find a number of geeks which actually do care ( and possibly care too much ) about their language .
I would also argue that the number of passionated people is much higher in the active community than in the passive community .
I put myself in the active community , since I have written a few open source modules , some of them with many thousands of downloads , and I have written papers documenting obscure features of at least one language , which have become the standard reference on the topic .
On top of that I have being very active on newsgroups and mailing lists , I have a blog about programming and I am a participant and even an organizer of language conferences .
Still , I am not sold to any particular language , and I do not suffer / enjoy particularly if the language I am using right now is doing badly ( in some sense ) or is doing well .
The reason is that I am a programmer by accident , not by design , and that programming is a secondary interest to me ( I studied Physics not Computer Science ! ) .
However , I do realize that there is a sizable portion of people in the active community which care a lot for their chosen language and I take them very seriously .
The Lisp community is a special case , since the language is the second oldest language in the world and it has such a long and glorious history - for instance at the conference we had multiple references to the legendary Lisp machines the people of my generation never saw .
My perception was that a lot of people at the conference felt very sad when comparing that times ( the mid eighties ) with the current situation .
Common Lisp look is perceived to be in a bad shape with respect to the past , at least if we measure the success of language in terms of user base and of money being put in it - which is a measure of success I do not particularly like , BTW .
In the Common Lisp community you feel the suffering ( and the pride too ) much more than in other communities .
Also , the people which used Lisp in the past but did not feel bound to it have already fled to other languages .
As a consequence , now the community is somewhat self - selected and the percentage of people really caring about the language is much higher than in other communities .
I did know about the Common Lisp community from comp.lang.lisp , which I read sometimes ( rarely actually ) but I did not really believe the newsgroup to be representative of the community .
On the other hand , the language conference not only confirmed the feeling you get from the newsgroup , but actually I had an even stronger impression of suffering .
Is the language conference representative of the Common Lisp community at large ?
I do not know , probably not , since there were only forty or so people there , but I will assume here - as a working hypothesis - that the people at the conference were indeed representative of the active community ( the passive community does not count ) .
I am more involved with the Scheme community , and I was quite surprised at the conference seeing how much different the communities are .
Scheme is a research language , it has always had a small community and little money : people do not feel they have lost much during the last twenty years .
Most Schemers know that they will never conquer the world and they are content with that .
On the other hand many lispers think that they have lost the mind - share they had in the past and they suffer for that : I remember particularly Scott McKay , who cited Ruby on Rails multiple times and made pretty clear that he was disturbed by the fact that Ruby was having much more success than Common Lisp , and that many great hackers very choosing Ruby , whereas twenty years ago they would have chosen Common Lisp .
For comparison , I never heard in the Scheme community anybody complaining about the success of Ruby , they just do not care .
Of course , you should take with a grain of salt anything I am saying , since those are mostly subjective impressions I have got from a single conference .
Certainly at the conference there were people happy with Common Lisp as it is ( for instance Pascal Costanza did not look sad at all ! ) .
I may well be completely wrong about how the Common Lisp community feels , but it does not matter : what matters is the external perception of the community , nor the community in itself .
So my perceptions from the outside , even if wrong , are significant .
Actually , I am sure that a lot of people out there - people that could be potential new members of the Common Lisp community - do share my perception and stay away from the language because of that perception .
People - and I mean people that care - chose a language not only because of its features , but also because of its community .
There are people taking pride in being part of a large " successful " community ( they will not choose Common Lisp ) and others taking pride in being part of a small " oppressed " community ( they might choose Common Lisp ) .
I do not feel particularly either way .
I am an organizer of the Italian Python conference , and this year we had Guido as guest of honor and more than 380 participants and I am happy of the success we got ; nevertheless now I spend most of my spare time hacking Scheme and posting on the Ikarus mailing list , which has less than 10 active posters .
I am not particularly proud of being part of a large community or of a small community , but many people care about these things .
I care about the philosophy of a language , which is the philosophy of its community : and when I had to choose between Ruby or Python I chose Python because of ( the perception I had ) of its community ; similarly , when I had to choose between Common Lisp and Scheme I chose Scheme because of the community .
Therefore , it is obvious to me that the problem of Common Lisp is not the language but the community : if the community is failing to attract new users , because it feels like a frozen community full of nostalgia and no clear vision about the future , there is no point in changing the language .
I have a lot of respect for the lisp community and for what they have accomplished in the latest 50 years : I want to absorb what they have to teach us youngsters so that their experience is not lost .
It is important for that knowledge to be passed into new communities and new languages , since I perceive the Common Lisp community to be at a dead end .
Of course Common Lisp will continue forever , just as FORTRAN will continue forever and COBOL will continue forever , but the language has stopped to innovate decades ago ( note to the reader : at this point you should read Paul Graham 's essay about why Microsoft is dead ) .
I am more optimistic about Scheme : it will never become mainstream , the standardization process will always suck , but there will always be young implementations and new blood coming in .
This is clearly a personal impression : I talked with SBCL hackers at the conference , with CLisp hackers , as well as with people using Lisp professionally : there is still a lot of work being done in concrete implementations , and new projects .
It is just a perception of mine that things are more fun in the Scheme community and that there is more going on , especially in the newest R6RS implementations .
I could just be ignorant ; nevertheless , my impression after the conference if that I have been wise in choosing the Scheme camp .
No offense to anybody is intended of course , and actually I am very happy they invited me , since it was a very nice conference and an extremely interesting experience .
I have also seen a couple of cool projects that Pythonistas should copy , and perhaps I will have to write another post or two about ideas that came to me from the conference .
All that is a measure of success to me ;-)
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 10 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michele Simionato adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michele Simionato started his career as a Theoretical Physicist , working in Italy , France and the U.S.
He turned to programming in 2003 ; since then he has been working professionally as a Python developer and now he lives in Milan , Italy .
Michele is well known in the Python community for his posts in the newsgroup (s ) , his articles and his Open Source libraries and recipes .
His interests include object oriented programming , functional programming , and in general programming metodologies that enable us to manage the complexity of modern software developement .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2009 Michele Simionato .
All rights reserved .
Peter Sunde , one of the founders and spokesperson for bitorrent tracker site , The Pirate Bay , is said to have found out that they had lost their court case in Sweden several hours before the official verdict was delivered thanks to information supposedly leaked by what is claimed to be a " trustworthy source " .
The Swedish Courts are unimpressed and brought in the police to investigate .
Regardless of the final outcome after the dust has cleared from any remaining legal wrangles , The Pirate Bay verdict appears to be achieving the opposite to the outcome intended by the copyright advocates with support for the site and its political offshoot , the Pirate Party reportedly going from strength to strength .
Since the verdict , support for the Swedish Pirate Party has surpassed that of the Swedish Green Party and it now appears that almost half of all Swedish males under the age of 30 are considering voting for the Pirate Party in the 2009 European Parliament elections .
In the first 24 hours since the verdict , over 3000 people joined the Pirate Party , raising its membership from under 15,000 to over 18,000 , making it the 5th largest , and the most popular political party within the youth demographic .
The Pirate Party will however require at least 100,000 votes to gain a seat in the European Parliament .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Politics aside , future victories for copyright holders are looking increasingly shaky as Bitorrent tracking sites such as The Pirate Bay are about to be replaced by applications such as the Tribler .
Where the current crop of bittorrent filesharing applications need to be pointed at torrent tracking sites such as The Pirate Bay to find files , Tribler 's searches are done over the networks of fellow bittorrent users , sidestepping centralised torrent tracking sites altogether .
With iPredator about to launch , downloaders will be easily able to anonymously continue their activities whilst Tribler will leave no centralised point of vulnerability for the prosecution and policing of copyright infringers .
Both Tribler and the iPredator service are merely the opening salvos fired in a technological arms race .
The ball is now firmly in the court of slow moving regulators who will need to step up the development of countermeasures if they intend to make in - roads into enforcing copyright infringement .
Disclosure : Although Pat Pilcher Works for Telecom , his opinions do not represent those of his employer .
This article is from the New Zealand Herald
May 6 , 2009
The return of socialism to the political debate shows the possibility of reviving the mostly hidden but rich tradition of working - class struggle and resistance in this country .
SOCIALISM IS back -- in the media , in political debate , and , on May Day , in the streets .
May Day is International Workers Day , a socialist holiday marking the struggle for the eight - hour workday in the U.S. more than a century ago .
Since then , it 's traditionally been a day of celebrations for the labor movement and the left .
In recent decades , May Day in much of the world has become a kind of ritualized demonstration with little political impact .
But this year , it was a day of angry protest in Europe against anti-worker policies carried out by governments amid the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression .
Hundreds of thousands of workers marched in Paris behind socialist and trade union banners .
Greece , too , saw mass protests .
Demonstrations in the U.S. on May 1 were far smaller .
Nevertheless , May Day , long ignored in this country , has been re-established on the U.S. political scene thanks to the immigrant rights movement .
That 's an important achievement , because for decades , May Day was seen through the lens of the Cold War -- it was a foreign , " communist " holiday that had nothing to do with U.S. workers .
Demonstrators march on May Day in Paris in a protest that united all the trade union federations ( Sipa )
In reality , May Day is as American as apple pie .
The first May Day protests in 1886 were led by anarchists and socialists in Chicago - - four were hanged in the political witch - hunt that followed a bombing in Haymarket Square .
So it 's entirely appropriate that May Day 2009 once again finds socialism back in the political mix .
A recent Rasmussen opinion poll found that only a bare majority of people in the U.S. say they prefer capitalism as an economic system .
Among people under 30 , there was an even split between respondents who chose socialism , those who preferred capitalism , and those who were n't sure .
The poll findings highlight a political change that goes well beyond the shift in mainstream U.S. politics symbolized by the Democratic sweep of last November 's elections .
Indeed , the Rasmussen poll shows the possibility of reviving the mostly hidden but rich tradition of working - class struggle and resistance in this country .
It is n't difficult to understand why socialism has a new appeal .
Capitalism , the system that seemed so unchallengeable just a few years ago , is now in its worst crisis since the Great Depression .
Jobs are disappearing , homes are being foreclosed on , working - class living standards are being steadily ground down -- and then there 's the specter of ecological catastrophe , present in everything from the frightening outbreak of a new strain of swine flu to relentless climate change .
All this confirms the strongest , and yet simplest , argument for socialism -- the reality that capitalism is incapable of meeting the needs of the majority of people in society .
THAT'S WHY millions of people in the U.S. are open to the idea that socialism would do a better job .
The real question -- one that Rasmussen pollsters did n't ask -- is : What is socialism ?
To Rush Limbaugh and the whackos of the Republican right , the answer is easy -- socialism is whatever policy Barack Obama is pursuing .
Those genuinely interested in a socialist alternative , however , will find competing claims on the idea of socialism .
In Western Europe , center - left parties that claim to be " socialist " govern with pro-capitalist policies little different from their conservative counterparts .
Then there are the few remaining outposts of Stalinist totalitarianism , like North Korea or the corporate - friendly , low - wage haven of China .
The genuine socialist tradition is fundamentally different .
At its heart is a commitment to the " self - emancipation of the working class , " as Karl Marx put it .
That is , socialism must be direct and democratic rule by workers , with production organized to meet human needs , rather than produce profits .
That 's why it 's absurd that Obama 's bailout of Wall Street is called " socialist , " even if the governments do end up controlling the banks .
Marx 's closest collaborator , Frederick Engels , argued back in the 1890s that state ownership is n't equivalent to socialism .
After the conservative German leader Otto von Bismarck " went in for state ownership of industrial establishments , a kind of spurious Socialism has arisen , " Engels complained , " degenerating , now and again , into something of flunkyism , that without more ado declares all state ownership , even of the Bismarckian sort , to be socialistic . "
Marx , Engels and the revolutionary socialists who followed them also argued that socialism can't be achieved by voting a socialist party into office .
The workers themselves must take the lead in transforming society by exerting their power in the workplace and taking control of production .
That 's why socialists can't be satisfied with a critique of capitalism .
They have to organize and fight for an alternative , by rooting socialist organization in working - class struggles against the ravages of capitalism .
Eugene Debs , the great American socialist who got nearly a million votes for president in 1912 , made this point .
" I would not lead you into the promised land if I could , " he said , " because if I led you in , some one else would lead you out .
You must use your heads as well as your hands , and get yourself out of your present condition . "
Today , the " present condition " for workers in the U.S. is bad and getting worse .
That 's why it 's so important that the new interest in socialism be connected to every fight for social justice -- just as the Haymarket martyrs did in the struggle for the eight - hour day on the first May Day .
By linking today 's fights with the long - term struggle for a better world , we can rise to the occasion -- and relate the socialist tradition we 've inherited to the new realities we face .
* Photo : Tim Morris * Triclosan
Antibacterial soaps kill , well , bacteria — often with this broad - spectrum antimicrobial agent , which inhibits fatty acid synthesis .
In higher concentrations , it destabilizes bacterial cell walls .
Ammonium C12 - 15 Pareth Sulfate
In solution , this detergent creates negative ions , which cut grease .
When mixed with bleach , it releases killer chlorine gas , a chemical weapon used in World War I .
Good news :
We 're still alive , so there 's no bleach in here .
Magnesium Isododecyl - Benzene - Sulfonate
Everything gets nice and foamy because of this surfactant cleaner .
Lauramido - Propylamine Oxide
This foaming aide keeps those tiny soap bubbles stable throughout the cleanup process .
It also thickens the dishwashing liquid , so you 'll feel like you 're getting your money 's worth .
SD Alcohol 3 - A
Alcohol is chemically similar to water , so it can work its way into bacterial cytoplasm , where it makes the proteins fall apart , killing the cell .
Sodium Xylene Sulfonate
Known to chemists as a hydrotrope , this compound makes it easier for the other molecules in the detergent to dissolve in water .
( Hydrotropes also can help to create high - foaming cleansers . )
Sodium Bisulfite
This food additive is often used as an anti-fermentation agent to prevent bottled wine from turning into vinegar .
In soap , it works as another antiseptic .
DMDM Hydantoin
A preservative that work1s by breaking down into , among other things , formaldehyde .
Whatever was living on your dishes is now dead .
Pentasodium Pentetate
A chelating agent that softens hard tap water by binding with dissolved metal ions , preventing them from being deposited as a yucky residue on your nice clean dishes .
* Palmolive Ultra Concentrated Antibacterial Dish Liquid ( With Orange Extracts )
Start Previous : New Germ Busters Outwit Antibiotic - Resistant Bacteria Next : How to Mix an Exploding Drink , Rev Up Vintage Speakers , Flirt With Confidence What 's Inside WD - 40 ?
Superlube 's Secret Sauce
What 's Inside : Bausch and Lomb ReNu
What 's Inside Raid ?
Watch Out , Kitty !
When I was leaving for New York to give the manuscript to the editor of Life , Ernest also gave me the completed manuscript of the Paris book to give to Scribner ’s president , Charles Scribner Jr .
I recount this history of “ A Moveable Feast ” to demonstrate how involved Ernest was with it , and that the manuscript was not left in shards but was ready for publication .
Ernest died before the publication of the book could go forward .
When I visited him in the Mayo Clinic a few months before his dementia led to his suicide , he was very concerned about his Paris book , and worried that it needed a final sentence , which it did not .
After his death , Mary , as executor , decided that Scribner should proceed with the publication .
Harry Brague was the editor .
I met with him several times while the book was in galleys .
Because Mary was busy with matters relating to Ernest ’s estate , she had little involvement with the book .
However , she did call me about its title .
Scribner was going to call it “ Paris Sketches , ” but Mary hoped I could come up with something more compelling .
I ran through a few possibilities , but none resonated until I recalled that Ernest had once referred to Paris as a moveable feast .
Mary and Scribner were delighted with that , but they wanted attribution .
I wrote down what Ernest had said to the best of my recollection , and this appears on the title page attributed to a “ friend , ” which is the way I wanted it .
These details are evidence that the book was a serious work that Ernest finished with his usual intensity , and that he certainly intended it for publication .
What I read on the plane coming back from Cuba was essentially what was published .
There was no extra chapter created by Mary .
As an author , I am concerned by Scribner ’s involvement in this “ restored edition . ”
With this reworking as a precedent , what will Scribner do , for instance , if a descendant of F. Scott Fitzgerald demands the removal of the chapter in “ A Moveable Feast ” about the size of Fitzgerald ’s penis , or if Ford Madox Ford ’s grandson wants to delete references to his ancestor ’s body odor .
All publishers , Scribner included , are guardians of the books that authors entrust to them .
Someone who inherits an author ’s copyright is not entitled to amend his work .
There is always the possibility that the inheritor could write his own book offering his own corrections .
Ernest was very protective of the words he wrote , words that gave the literary world a new style of writing .
Surely he has the right to have these words protected against frivolous incursion , like this reworked volume that should be called “ A Moveable Book . ”
I hope the Authors Guild is paying attention .
First , I agree with Will Wilkinson that a seasteading community would likely evolve back to non-libertarian political visions .
Second and more fundamentally , I am for the seasteading idea .
There are today many oil derricks , owned and run by energyl companies .
There are many cruise ships , with more or less autonomous legal governance .
More and bigger cruise ships would be better and if some of them moved more slowly that would be fine too .
But when I step on to a cruise ship ( well , actually that 's the sort of thing I do n't do ; personally I hate cruise ships ) , I do n't feel I am moving from an inferior political order to a superior political order .
I 've wondered whether I should retire on to a cruise ship of the future , but I 'm not attracted per se by the " politics " I would get there .
I would expect more freedom in the Lockean sense but less of the positive freedom that comes from living in a larger , more diverse , and yes also a more stupid society .
I would n't live on the Mensa cruise ship either .
I 'll take some of the stupidity of modern society ( the landlubbing version ) to get the diversity and the greater number of open niche spaces and free possibilities .
On a smaller scale , I live under different kinds of corporate , non-profit and university governance all the time .
That 's great , but I do n't view their totalized extension as my preferred utopian path .
I 'd like people to be smarter , more thoughtful , more tolerant , and more loving of liberty , yet in ways which do not drain away the diversity of the United States , which I feel is the best available foundation to build upon .
No matter how good a seasteading charter may sound , any given venture just can't be that credible until it has succeeded for a very long time .
History and precedent matter and by the way have you checked in on Estonia lately ?
Addendum : Here is Alex on seasteading .
by Jennifer Angliss
My city , like many other municipalities these days , has a bit of a budget crunch .
Expenses exceed income and so cuts must be made .
One of the first things my city cut was the flower pots that decorate major intersections in the summers .
To me , that seems like a reasonable cut .
Yes , the flowers are beautiful .
But they cost $ 20,000 per year ( including water and labor costs ) .
And at the same time , our library is struggling with its budget and has a hiring freeze , even with several open positions .
In my opinion , if you ’ve got an underfunded library it ’s not wise to spend taxpayer money on flowers .
In the end , the Rotary Club took up the cause and donated money for the planters .
Wonderful , I say .
We get to keep the flowers without spending very much city money on them .
They are still watered and tended by city workers who have been reassigned from jobs like weeding and picking up litter , but the bulk of the expense has been shouldered by the Rotary Club and private citizens .
However , ( you knew there was a however coming , right ? )
I am a bit concerned about the attitudes of my fellow citizens on this .
Clearly , not everyone shares my priorities .
A sampling of the comments left on the various stories about these flowers :
Rotarians show the city what matters , even if its just flowers .
Seems that the city needs a clue on what matters .
Hurrah for community volunteers !
Yes , hurrah for community volunteers .
But I ’m thinking that the cutting of these pots from the city budget is a sign that the city DOES have a clue what matters .
Talk about out of touch with your citizens .
Broomfield needs to listen to its citizens and find a way to put this in the budget .
As a citizen of Broomfield , I will support putting this back in the budget when we can fully fund our library , not before .
Eliminate a couple of part time positions and you ’ve got your money .
It ’s all about priorities .
When a city government prioritizes protecting it ’s own staff versus providing for the town , somethings wrong .
The core mission of a city government should be to provide services .
It ’s core mission is not to protect a job or two .
If the city was flush with cash , sure I could get on board with this .
But we ’re NOT .
And yes , the city government should provide services .
Like , oh , I do n’t know …. a staffed LIBRARY ?
Flowers are not a service , they are a nicety .
When our family budget is in a crunch , the niceties are what get jettisoned first .
And really ?
In this economy you put more value on some flower pots at intersections than you do on keeping people employed and off the public assistance rolls ?
Hmm .
Jennifer Angliss is a former teacher , now stay - at - home - mom and Tupperware lady living in the ‘ burbs in Colorado .
Crosspost : Miscellaneous Musings
The last possible effort by movie studios such as 20th Century Fox and cable television producers , including CNN and Cartoon Network , to forestall cable service providers such as Cablevision from providing their customers with DVRs with full commercial - skipping control , was silently shot down this morning in the final session of this year 's US Supreme Court term .
As a result , last year 's ruling by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals stating that Cablevision 's DVR service did not violate copyright law , stands .
That August 2008 ruling had overturned an earlier District Court ruling in March that had been a victory for the studios .
Their argument was that when a cable service provider lets its customers record and play back shows at the headend -- using the provider 's own storage rather than a local DVR -- that constituted a retransmission , which was contrary to the terms of service .
But Appeals Court Judge John M. Walker took a hard look at the technology behind Cablevision 's RS - DVR service , and came to the conclusion that the District Court judge was in error : Since Cablevision 's servers never stored programs or movies in a form that could themselves be copied and played like programs or movies , they were n't copies in the strictest sense .
In other words , they could only be replayed in the context of each customer 's DVR service .
Advertisement
Yet even if they were copies -- even without having determined that Cablevision buffered programming in a manner specific to the customer 's own needs and no one else 's -- the motivation for violating copyright law was n't there , Judge Walker reasoned .
In his ruling at the time , Walker cited earlier case law -- especially the Supreme Court 's decision that made the use of VCRs legal -- to ascertain whether the creation or use of RS - DVR constituted volitional conduct on the part of Cablevision , with the intention of violating copyright .
" There are only two instances of volitional conduct in this case : Cablevision 's conduct in designing , housing , and maintaining a system that exists only to produce a copy , and a customer 's conduct in ordering that system to produce a copy of a specific program , " Judge Walker wrote last August .
" In the case of a VCR , it seems clear -- and we know of no case holding otherwise -- that the operator of the VCR , the person who actually presses the button to make the recording , supplies the necessary element of volition , not the person who manufactures , maintains , or , if distinct from the operator , owns the machine .
We do not believe that an RS - DVR customer is sufficiently distinguishable from a VCR user to impose liability as a direct infringer on a different party for copies that are made automatically upon that customer 's command . "
CNN led the other plaintiffs in the case in filing a petition for a writ of certiorari , which would have been the high court 's way of dismissing the appeals court ruling with due haste .
That petition was denied this morning , with only the notice that Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito -- who may have had legal experience with similar matters earlier in their careers -- did not participate in the denial process .
Today 's dismissal could result in a dramatic new legal precedent , by effectively sealing into US law the notion that a copy of a digital work must be whole , or in Judge Walker 's terms , " embodied " in the medium that stores it .
If it 's sliced in pieces and being moved around in buffers all around the Internet , it may not actually be a copy .
A clever attorney may wish to conclude from this the notion that a stream does not constitute a copy , and therefore any reproduction made from that stream can only be attributed to the volition , if you will , of the person who ordered the stream .
Such an argument may be used in the future to propose that a streaming Internet broadcaster , for instance , may not be responsible for reproduction royalties , if it is not truly responsible for the reproduction .
There 's several viable counter - arguments to this , which could conceivably win the day if that argument were ever tried , but do n't think that attorneys are blind to this new opportunity ... or have been blind since last August .
If you 've been paying attention to the news over the past few months you might have noticed that people who say they have no religious affiliation in the US has doubled in the US since 1990 from 8 to 15 percent , and another poll from Gallup gives similar numbers .
Newsweek has chosen to announce these results with a ton of hyperbole ( title : The End of Christian America ) , but that 's a bit silly for 15 % - the numbers are n't yet even close to the numbers you find in Europe .
It 's also going to be interesting to see how the numbers change over the next four ( probably eight ) years with Barack Obama in the White House considering how much more " refined " his Christianity is compared to that of George Bush , making Christianity much less of a political target at the moment .
That is , we now have a much more popular administration with a president who is much less obvious about his religion than the previous one , and if the church in the US is smart it will begin to adapt a more community service - oriented approach ( rather than an evangelical one ) , not only due to the bad economy and the vast number of people that need help , but also the ability for people to say that yes , I 'm a Christian , but more of an Obama - type Christian .
But let 's say that the numbers of non-religious people keep increasing , and we eventually end up with a situation where a majority of people do n't believe in God .
What happens then ?
The interesting thing is this : as can be seen with a lot of polls as well as in person when visiting a country with a less religious populace , this new population of non-religious people does n't really resemble the current Dawkins / Hitchens / etc. type of atheists one encounters in person or online .
They are usually equipped with a fair amount of basic theology to counter the religious ( almost always evangelical Christian ) side when an argument comes up , and those that are interested in the subject have probably noticed that there 's really very little variation in these debates .
There 's even a site called The Arguing Atheist that goes over some of the methods used in debate - when to bring up Ockham 's Razor , Pascal 's Wager , burden of proof , etc .
But what actually does happen when a society becomes largely non-religious ( or merely personally religious as opposed to wearing one 's religion on one 's sleeve ) is that this new population largely has no idea how theology works , but at the same time since this is n't all that important in society anymore , a lot of people begin to hold some pretty hazy , and often contradictory ideas .
Take Norway for example .
Here 's an article from Aftenposten on religion in Norway .
The first paragraph has the following :
" The five 15 - year - old tenth graders in Årvoll school have differing relationships to faith : Tobias Torstensen is Christian but does n't believe in God , Aboli Hussein Adib is Muslim and believes that there is a God , Thany Thileepan is a humanist and believes in the human race , while Helene Kristiansen is a weak Christian but does not believe in God . "
Muslims are proud of the religion they belong to .
Christians seem to be more shy about it .
They are afraid of questioning and being met with prejudice , says the survey .
Von der Lippe believes this has something to do with how believe is a greater choice for Christians , whereas Muslims have grown into their religion from childhood .
The four students agree with this .
Aboli Hussein Adib ( 15 ) puts it bluntly : " I 'm proud to be Muslim . "
He prays five times a day and goes to Koranic school in the mosque every weekend .
The others rarely go to church .
As you can imagine , a lot of the comments below the article ( such as here and here ) have issue with that ( because it does n't really make sense ) .
When religion is n't that much of an issue in daily life you start to find some odd contradictions like this .
Christians that do n't believe in God , perhaps secular humanists that do .
You 'll notice this in countries like Japan as well , where not only are people not all that religious , but they also do n't really have the zeal for debate over the issue that other countries do , and so everyone seems to construct a kind of personal theology that does n't really have to follow any sort of logic as the issue almost never comes up .
It seems a bit more like one 's preferred brand of Linux than a well - structured kind of theology .
And in the midst of all that we also find Islam .
According to the article in Norwegian , Muslims are by and large very proud of their religion while Christians in Norway are more shy about it : Generally atheists are more offended by religions that claim to be the only path to truth or salvation than more moderate ( Buddhism ) or smaller religions ( Bahai ) , while at the same time your average English - speaking atheist seems to be pretty ill - equipped to debate either online or in person on Islam .
It 's easy enough to bring up some general points about burden of proof , but usually the way to have the greatest effect on a literalist is to use their own source against them , and when arguing with a person without a basic grounding in the theology of a religion it 's easy to toss their arguments aside on the assumption that they do n't know what they 're talking about .
Sure , there 's a version of the SAB devoted to the Koran and you 'll often see people copy and paste a list of quotes from the Koran that seem pretty negative or violent , but on the whole this is a pretty ham - fisted method of debate compared to the one between Christianity and atheism as a great many North American atheists are former Christians and thus have at least a working knowledge of the religion they now oppose .
A Sky WindPower kite of turbines might capture wind energy with spinning rotors and send electricity to the ground through the wire that tethers it .
( Ben Shepard )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
At any moment , the winds in high - altitude jet streams hold roughly 100 times more energy than all the electricity being consumed on Earth , according to a study by Stanford environmental and climate scientists Cristina Archer and Ken Caldeira .
To capture that energy , designers are dreaming up models of wind - turbine kites that fly so high , cruising airliners would have to steer around them .
The tethered kites would float high enough for powerful jet streams to flow through their turbines more than 10 times faster than winds would flow near the ground .
The spinning rotors of the kite turbines would convert the wind ’s kinetic energy to electricity and send it back down the wire 30,000 feet to a distribution grid .
Harnessing these high - flying currents could open up an effectively unlimited source of electricity , the researchers say .
Kites may have the potential to be cost competitive , Caldeira said , and the study shows that the wind resource is huge and relatively reliable .
The researchers reached this conclusion by analyzing 27 years of data from the National Center for Environmental Prediction and the European Centre for Medium - Range Weather Forecasts .
By studying the distribution of wind power in the atmosphere , by location and time , they found that winds at altitudes around 32,000 feet have the highest wind power density .
“ The wind power density tells you how much wind energy would flow through a wind turbine , ” Caldeira said .
The researchers used the data to compile the first global survey of high - altitude wind energy .
Archer is an assistant professor at Stanford University and California State University - Chico and Caldeira is an associate professor at Stanford and a researcher at the Carnegie Institution of Washington .
Their findings were published in the journal Energies last month .
High - altitude winds hold a huge energy potential waiting to be harnessed .
“ If you tapped into 1 percent of the power in high - altitude winds , that would be enough to continuously power all civilization , ” Caldeira said .
In comparison , similar solar cells would cover roughly 100 times more area than a high - altitude wind turbine , he said .
Archer and Caldeira found the highest wind densities over Japan , eastern China , the eastern coast of the United States , southern Australia and northeastern Africa .
Included in the analysis were assessments of wind energy above the world ’s five largest cities : Tokyo , New York , São Paulo , Seoul and Mexico City .
“ New York … has the highest average high - altitude wind power density of any U.S. city , ” Archer said .
Tokyo and Seoul also have high wind power density because they are both affected by the East Asian jet stream .
Mexico City and São Paulo are located at tropical latitudes , so they are rarely affected by the polar and sub-tropical jet streams .
As a result they have lower wind power densities than the other three cities .
In order to capture the energy in these jet streams , manufacturers are developing a variety of kite turbines that convert kinetic energy in wind to electricity .
Manufacturer Sky WindPower designed a model consisting of a single tethered kite of four connected turbines , each with spinning rotors .
The kite transfers the electricity back to a hub on the ground through its tether .
Another model , being developed by Kite Gen , looks like a rotating carousel , based on the ground , with several kites tethered to it .
Each kite ’s flight pattern is controlled from the ground to capture the most wind , and as the kites circle in the air , they catch the wind and tug on their tethers .
The tension triggers a pulley system that converts the energy of motion to electricity .
Though sky - high currents offer huge potential , kite fliers face the challenge of a fluctuating wind .
“ While the winds at high altitude are much more consistent than the winds at the surface , they ’re still not consistent enough , ” Caldeira said .
For example , if you flew a kite turbine in your backyard to power a house , at some times the wind would blow and at other times , it would n’t , he said .
As a result , there would be gaps in the flow of electricity .
Archer and Caldeira suggest a large - scale electrical grid to transfer excess energy to areas that have more demand than production .
“ Winds are always blowing somewhere , so if you had a large enough electrical transmission grid you could transmit the electricity from where it is blowing to where it is n’t blowing , ” Caldeira said .
Making batteries large enough to supplement the wind fluctuations seems improbable , and backup generators would be expensive , Caldeira explained .
Another minor hurdle may be interference from airplanes .
Manufacturers such as Sky WindPower and Kite Gen say that air traffic is not a huge problem .
Kite users would simply need to obtain flight restrictions above their air space , just as nuclear power plants and refineries do .
Sky WindPower also suggests that kites be flown in areas that are rural but not too far from the urban spots that the researchers identified as high - flow .
Wind kites are not yet in use , but manufacturers predict that the cost of high - altitude wind power will range from 2 to 4 cents per kilowatt - hour .
Provided by Stanford University ( news : web )
Explore further
Is the sky the limit for wind power ?
YORK , England , June 22 ( UPI ) -- Authorities in Britain said a marijuana - smoking postal carrier burned thousands of letters that the weed made him too lazy to deliver .
Police said Neil Goddard , 32 , of York , England , had $ 13,000 worth of marijuana plants growing in his home and allegedly smoked so much of his own stash that he was unable to keep up with his deliveries and burned the leftover mail , The Sun reported Monday .
Advertisement
Goddard set fire to about 10,000 pieces of mostly junk mail he had agreed to deliver to bolster his paycheck , authorities said .
He was using cannabis heavily at the time to deal with depression over his mother 's recent death , court officials said .
Goddard pleaded guilty to delaying post , three charges of claiming payment for junk mail he had not delivered and a charge of burning mail .
In an earlier trial , Goddard admitted in April to growing marijuana with an intent to supply the drug to others .
After both trials , he was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment .
Now CBS ' Chip Reid Wants To Know Why Obama Meddled In Iranian Politics So Much
June 20 , 2009 — Thomas ten Cate
Since I was feeling creative today , I decided I would work on some cosmetic issues in EclipseFP that have been bothering me for a while .
They make the whole thing look unprofessional and out of tune with the rest of the Eclipse environment .
Luckily , Eclipse has a User Interface Guidelines document for me to follow .
I started with some icons .
The Guidelines specify precisely how they should look .
The icons used in the Package Explorer are now in the same style as their Java counterparts :
Note how the Haskell source files have a nice lambda icon , and the literate source file also has its own icon .
The Haskell project itself has a subtle lambda overlay .
( I see now that I missed the Libraries icon .
Also , the text “ [ GHC ] ” should be dimmed .
Made a note of these . )
Editors , too , get the new icons :
And finally , the one that I ’m most proud of .
I figured it would be nice to have the new official “ lambda - and - bind ” Haskell logo somewhere .
And what better place for this than the icon of the Haskell Perspective ?
So I brushed up my pixel painting skills and drew a variant of the Haskell logo that blends in with the Eclipse environment :
It ’s always there , subtle , but visible , recognisable and fresh .
I like it .
A newly declassified 1960 report on Israel ’s nukes underscores role in foreign policy " assertiveness . "
" Possession of a nuclear weapon capability , or even the prospect of achieving it , would clearly give Israel a greater sense of security , self - confidence , and assertiveness ... Israel would be less inclined than ever to make concessions ... " are conclusions of a CIA Special National Intelligence Estimate released on June 5 , 2009 .
The December 1960 intelligence analysis , parts which are still classified , offers timely context as the Obama administration struggles to slow booming settlement activities in lands Israel captured during preemptive attacks in 1967 .
Do nuclear weapons enter the calculation as Israel continues to reject pressure from the very country providing billions in yearly foreign aid , preferential treatment of exports and US charitable donations ?
Yes , is the clear conclusion .
For years the CIA resisted public calls to declassify files about the financing , development , deployment and strategy behind Israel 's nuclear weapons .
This was in line with the policy of " strategic ambiguity . "
Both the US and Israel officially refused to confirm or deny the existence of a nuclear arsenal .
Such secrecy has been used to justify military aid to Israel despite explicit bans on proliferators legislated by Senators Symington and Glenn in the 1970s .
Recent public confirmations of Israel 's nuclear status by US officials could enable legal challenges and new public scrutiny of taxpayer funds flowing to Israel .
The authors of the 1960s CIA estimate focus on the military deterrent nature of Israel 's nuclear capability .
Nevertheless the possibility of subtle nuclear blackmail in return for diplomatic and foreign aid support was implicit .
The declassified CIA report reveals that Israeli " assertiveness " and reluctance to negotiate could be empowered by nuclear weapons .
Longstanding Israeli rejection of UN , US and human rights initiatives partially depend upon the influence of its secret arsenal .
Success also depends on regional nuclear hegemony , explaining Israel 's ongoing drive to focus world attention on Iran 's civilian nuclear program .
Twenty blue chip German companies are pooling their resources with the aim of harnessing solar power in the deserts of north Africa and transporting the clean electricity to Europe .
The businesses , which include some of the biggest names in European energy , finance and manufacturing , will form a consortium next month .
If successful , the highly ambitious plan could see Europe fuelled by solar energy within a decade .
The consortium behind what would be the biggest ever solar energy initiative will first raise awareness and interest among other investors for the project , known as Desertec , which is estimated to cost around € 400bn ( £ 338bn ) .
Torsten Jeworrek , board member of Munich Re , the German reinsurer which is leading the project , said : " We want to found an initiative which over the next two to three years will put concrete measures on the table . "
Like other reinsurers , Munich
Re has said it is expecting to face mounting claims in the coming years for damage caused by climate change .
The companies – including Siemens , Deutsche Bank , and the energy companies RWE and E.on – will meet on July 13 in Munich to draw up an agreement .
German government ministries as well as the Club of Rome , a Zurich - based NGO of leading scientists , managers and politicians which advocates sustainable development , are also expected to be present .
It is seen as particularly significant that the companies aim to start the expensive initiative in the midst of a financial crisis .
But although none of the companies is keen to go into detail yet about their involvement , they stress that the project is a chance for them to drive forward the fight against climate change and in doing so to position themselves at the top of the green technology industry .
Germany , despite its relative lack of sun , has become a leader in solar energy .
The energy potential in the deserts south of the Mediterranean is enormous .
According to the European Commission 's Institute for Energy , if just 0.3 % of the light falling on the Sahara and Middle Eastern deserts was captured , it could provide all of Europe 's energy needs .
The Desertec project aims to build solar power plants in several locations in north Africa .
Jeworrek said the " most important criteria " was that the locations were " situated in politically stable lands " .
Morocco , as well as Libya and Algeria have been cited as potential sites , where land is also cheap .
The technique called " concentrating solar power " or CSP , uses banks of mirrors to focus the sun 's rays in a central column filled with water .
The rays heat the water , vaporising the it into a steam which is then used to drive turbines which generate carbon - free electricity .
The energy would then be fed via high - voltage direct current ( DC ) transmission lines over thousands of miles to Europe - traditional AC lines are far too inefficient .
Hans Muller - Steinhagen of Germany 's Aerospace Centre , said it was technically possible , albeit expensive , to transport the energy over thousands of miles .
He said solar energy from the desert is already being harvested but only in isolated plants .
CSP plants are operational in the American west , including in California and Nevada , while independent plants are currently being set up in Spain , Morocco , Algeria and the United Arab Emirates .
But the projects have suffered from investors ' nervousness due of the vast expense of the required grid infrastructure , as well as the cheapness of fossil fuels .
German representatives of environmental groups yesterday widely welcomed the news that big businesses were prepared to give the project a backbone for the first time .
" Businesses have finally recognised that renewable energies belong to the future , and in times of economic crisis this also sends out an important signal for economic growth , " said Andree Bohling of Greenpeace .
WWF Germany 's climate expert Regine Gunther said while the initiative was a " step in the right direction " , it was important to ensure that Africa benefited from the project .
" They want to and indeed must profit from this solution as much as us , " she said .
Previous suggestions have included allowing host countries to retain a proportion of the electricity for free , in return for providing sites for the solar farms .
The €400bn investment would be enough to cover 15 % of Europe 's electricity requirements , according to Jeworrek .
He added " in technical terms this project can be realised " but stressed in order for it to be sustainable it would have to finance itself in the long - run and be competitive within 10 to 15 years .
But German MP Hermann Scheer , president of Eurosolar , the European Association for Renewable Energy , called the Desertec project " highly problematic " .
He said costs would be vastly higher and deadlines would be missed due to logistical problems such as sand storms and dealing with many different countries .
" I would urge the investors to stay clear of it , " he told The Guardian .
Scheer was also critical of the fact that the project would " duplicate the current system " whereby energy distribution is concentrated in the hands of a few multinational companies .
" We should be looking instead at decentralising the system , and looking closer to home for our energy supplies , such as solar panels on homes or harnessing wind energy on the coasts , or inland , " he said .
Mr. Kelly identified the officer who fired the shots only as a four - year veteran of the department , and said he had fired six rounds from his 9 - millimeter Glock .
Two bullets struck Officer Edwards .
Image Dozens of officers gathered outside the Harlem Hospital Center emergency room early Friday morning .
Credit ... Patrick Andrade for The New York Times
Officer Edwards , a recently married father of two from Brooklyn , was taken to Harlem Hospital Center , where he was pronounced dead at 11:21 p.m .
No one else was injured .
" While we do n’t know all of the details of what happened tonight , this is a tragedy , ” Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said during an early morning news conference at the hospital .
“ Rest assured we will find out exactly what happened here and see what we can learn from it so it can never happen again . ”
The shooting is likely to raise questions again about departmental procedures involving communications among plainclothes officers  particularly those in different units  as well as issues of race .
Officer Edwards was black ; the officer who shot him was white .
Mr. Kelly said the tragic string of events began when Officer Edwards , a member of the Housing Bureau Impact Response Team , left duty about 10:30 p.m. , approached his car and saw that a man had broken the driver ’s side window and was rummaging through the vehicle .
The two scuffled , and the man escaped Officer Edwards ’s grip by slipping out of his sweater .
Sharon
This post is not for my readers who have enthusiastically embraced the agrarian lifestyle , whether city farmers and suburban permaculturists or outright farmers or wanna - be farmers .
This post is for your loved ones – your husband , wife , girlfriend , lover , parents , children and siblings … whoever you are hitched to , the people who have tied their lives to yours , and who are now wondering what on earth happened to their yoked partner ?
In some cases , they may be whether to unhitch and run in the opposite direction , since their beloved child / partner / sibling / best friend / whatever has gone completely ’round the bend and is talking about farms .
Now I realize that some of you will look at any advice of mine on this subject with skepticism – after all , you may even blame me ( quite correctly , perhaps ) , for your loved one ’s going bonkers and talking about sheep and nut trees all the time .
And yet , I do feel your pain .
Or rather , my husband does , and he ’s happy to tell me all about what it is like to look over at the person you love and wonder why on earth she ’s babbling about soil .
Eric got rather a shock around the time of our wedding – you see , he ’d met this woman ( me ) who seemed to be a good match for his goals – both of us working towards academic careers , both of us happily living in the city , both of us planning an intellectual , urban life , complete with cats , futon and travel .
And somewhere between the wedding and the honeymoon , his wife went a little insane .
From my perspective , I can’t really remember what caused it .
I ’d had a garden everywhere I lived all through college – it was hugely important to me , and on balconies and in backyards , I always planted some things .
We were living in Somerville Massachusetts , across the street from a major subway / commuter rail station .
You could hear the trains rumbling under the building from our third floor apartment .
And the balcony was covered with food and flowers – alpine strawberries in window boxes , herbs , letuce , peppers , even a few tomatoes , morning glories and moonflowers twining up the balcony .
Every bit of dirt had been hauled up three flights of stairs , but it was beautiful .
I occasionally mentioned how nice it would be to have some dirt on the ground somewhere , but that was really all .
I liked my balcony .
And yes , I liked animals , but hey , I had pet cats .
The first thing I remember was a book – Paul Heiney ’s beautiful British coffee table farm book _Country Life : A Handbook for Realists and Dreamers_ – I have no idea what led me to buy it , or even where I found it , but there I was in my apartment , staring at this book and thinking about chickens , to my new husband ’s complete and utter disbelief .
And unfortunately , I ’m not the only one .
Consider this excerpt from the very funny book _ Hit by a Farm_ by Catherine Friend – she writes about her partner Melissa ’s sudden shift into “ wanna farm ” mode :
“ I should have realzied what the future held the day I looked up and caught her giving me a dreamy look from across the kitchen table .
Touched , I reached over and took her hand in mine .
She squeezed it gently , and said , ‘ God , I love chickens . ’
But I still did n’t see it coming . ”
And just as I ’m still a little mystified by my own sudden urge to farm , other wanna - bes can’t really explain it all very well themselves .
Christopher Losee , coauthor with his wife Kimberly Schaye of _ Stronger than Dirt_ writes ,
“ It was n’t that I ’d ever fantasized about being a farmer .
That thought was about as , say , becoming proficient in Chinese and leading tour groups to see the Great Wall .
But between July and October 1994 , I somehow became convinced that this was what I wanted to do and this was what I would do . ”
The farm dream hits someone , and in many cases , becomes intractable – and bloody annoying for the person not suffering from this weird disease .
And it is a dis -ease – that is , all of a sudden you are dissatisfied with the life you ’ve built .
I think of it rather like ( benign ) malarial parasites – the infection could have come from anywhere , and once they build in your bloodstream , well , there ’s not much you can do about it .
They are always with you .
In our case , my husband thought it would go away .
I thought it would too – we talked about it , and agreed that eventually , someday , maybe we ’d get some land .
So a few months before Eli was born , early in our second year of marriage , we bought an apartment in a very , very urban place – Lowell Massachusetts , a wonderful city of immigrants , with an amazingly diverse culture , a long history and everything we thought we wanted .
We had originally been shopping with a friend for a duplex , but he backed out , and then we purchased an apartment in an old mill building .
It was a great apartment , a wonderful building , filled with wonderful people , a great neighborhood , we could walk to synagogue , it had everything we wanted , except one thing – no outdoor space .
And about two months after we ’d moved in , I realize that we ’d made a terrible , terrible mistake – much as I loved everything else about the place , the lack of dirt was almost physically painful .
The brain - altering parasites had reached critical mass , and now , nothing looked the same – it was all seen through the lens of the farm I did n’t have .
Now Eric does n’t like to move .
In fact , he does n’t like change at all .
We joke that now ( we ’ve been together almost 13 years ) , if we left it to him , we might ( might , I ’m not sure I believe it ) be engaged by now .
I , on the other hand , like change – I get bored easily , and like a constant diet of new things .
Eric ’s job in our marriage is to try and get me to slow down .
Mine is to drag him kicking and screaming on to the next things .
It was painful for him to give up the apartment he ’d been living in for almost 7 years and move to Lowell .
Having done it , he planned to spend at least a decade there .
And here was his crazy wife again , talking farms .
He tried to pacify me – we looked into community garden plots – there was a two year waiting list .
We looked into taking over some small part of the Mill building ’s public space – management was not thrilled by the idea of eggplant instead of impatiens .
If I knew then what I know now about urban farming and agriculture , I might have pushed harder or found other solutions .
At the time , all I could think of was getting out to someplace where I could have poultry and a garden .
My husband thought this was nuts .
We did n’t know anything about chickens .
How would we grow our own food – strawberries and basil were a lot different than a huge garden , where n’t they ?
Would n’t it be too much work ?
What if he did n’t want to do any of it ?
Would it be weird ?
Would it be different ?
What if we screwed up ?
No , asking for a farm was too much , pushing him too far .
And quite honestly , he was right .
We would screw up .
It would be weird .
It would be more work than we understood .
He would end up doing things he ’d rather have skipped , frankly .
Catherine Friend observes about the way the farm pushed her limits ,
“ It turns out that , at age thirty - eight , I knew myself about as well as I knew the breeding habits of the Pygmy Butterfly , which is to say , not at all .
So when I answered Melissa ’s request to help her start the farm with a hearty yes , I might as well have stood on the center line of a four - lane highway and opened my arms .
I would witness chicken sex .
I would witness duck sex .
I would even get frightfully involved in sex between two goats , something no feminist should ever have to face ….
Boundaries are good things ; they ’re the signposts we use during our lives to measure just how far we ’ll go .
My boundaries have always served me well .
No touching worms or spiders or anything gross .
No touching wild animals because they could be dangerous .
No touching feces , urine , blood or any other bodily fluid .
Definitely no stocking my hand up inside an animal ’s body , or touching it anywhere I would n’t want to be touched myself . ”
Eric is no where near as squeamish as Friend , but he did n’t feel any particular need to ever , say shine a flashlight on a goat ’s genitals to detect whether she ’s in heat .
Nor have any of his prior job choices involved nearly as much shit shoveling as agriculture ( in teaching astronomy , the manure is mostly metaphorical ) .
And I think it is safe to say that most Americans would regard this lack of interest in these subjects as completely normal , perhaps even a sign of good mental health .
But the thing about the farm - obsessed is that they manage , if they are even remotely persuasive , to make it seem completely normal that one would want to take on a life that involves early morning wakeups , picking vegetables on 100 degree days , more than ample manure , flies and blood , and examing goat pussy .
Indeed , perhaps the most bizarre element of this is that the farm obsessed begin to try and make you feel weird for not wanting to live the agrarian life .
This is a neurological symptom of the farm - thing .
And , of course , they emphasize the benefits .
“ Think about all the delicious vegetables . ”
“ The country life is so great for kids . ”
“ It will be beautiful . ” “ The farm will pay for itself . ”
“ You ’ll hardly have to do anything . ”
Even I have to admit that the latter two of these points ( which I used on my husband ) are outright lies .
The middle one is probably true , for a particular variation on “ beautiful ” – that is , real working homesteads and farms do n’t usually make it house and garden unless there ’s money enough to hire a lot of labor .
It is beautiful – but you have to be the sort of person who can look past the clutter , the unmowed grass , the weeds , the manure and see the inner farm .
The first two points are true , but it is worth noting that even the delicious vegetables do n’t come without effort , and older kids , attached to their lives , may be less than enthusiastic when presented with “ Here ’s a creek , now you can play in it every day – no more wii , is n’t that great ! ”
It is quite possible that some of you are the teenaged children of parents who have gone mad , and wondering what can be done about it .
And that brings us to the central point .
What can be done about it ?
Well , if your loved one has a mild case of the farm dream , there ’s hope .
One possibility is to simply draw the line “ Me or the farm . ”
In some cases , you may actually stay together .
The difficulty with this is twofold .
First , it is easy to understate how compelling the farm dream actually is – you ca n’t make brain - parasites go away easily .
Once the farm dream penetrates into someone ’s inner life , it truly becomes their * dream * – and one stands in the way of a loved one ’s dream at their peril .
Maybe you have a dream or two also , and you know how fundamentally losing a dream can alter your life – there ’s the horrible chance that they might decide that they pick the farm .
And if you do win , your partner may end up behaving like someone who has seen his dream killed – and if you have a good marriage , you may find that ’s not so desirable either .
The next possibility is compromise – this will require you to actually get involved to some degree with the farm dream , because you are going to reshape it .
Mom is dreaming of 50 acres and cows ?
Your job is to research urban farming , and bring her back to earth , convincing her that you could have a garden and chickens here , or that perhaps a 3 acre lot and 1 cow is sufficient .
Here ’s where the magic of the internet and the library come to your aid – “ Honey , that ’s a great idea , I ’d love a farm ( yes , it is permissable to lie through your teeth here ) … but my dream is not to actually ever help birth a cow , plus to keep my job here – how can we both make it work ?
Have you seen this cool stuff on urban permaculture ? ”
You might even find that there ’s an element of this project that can hook into your dreams .
Ok , you really do n’t want a llama , not even a llama that your daughter thinks is super -cute .
But you ’ve always wanted a big workshop , with all the tools , or some justification for buying more quilt fabric - so perhaps , just perhaps , there ’s a portion of this “ let ’s go live the self - sufficient life like freakin ’ Thoreau ” that might be turned to your own purposes .
Think self - interest here .
The next possibility for dealing with the farm dream is to accomodate , but draw firm lines about what belongs to whom .
“ Yes , honey , we can have a farm .
It will be all yours .
I ’m going to keep on commuting , doing my stuff , etc … the farm is yours , and this is mine . ”
Inwardly , you think ” He can have pig shit on him , but that ’s not going to happen to me . ”
This is an excellent plan , one that balances your needs against your crazy loved - one’s .
I commend you for your being accomodating , and your loved one for his / her willingness to divide the labor .
All I can say to this , however , is that you are kidding yourself if you think that ’s actually going to happen .
Ok , I know a couple of couples where the farm is mostly one person ’s job – but even when they manage to keep those boundaries , the farm tends to leak into daily life .
You see , farms suck up your life , whether little or big .
There are a lot of jobs that ca n’t really be done easily by one person , particularly , most importantly , by one totally inexperienced person .
So unless your loved one grew up on a farm and already knows how to castrate pigs , you will be drafted into helping .
Welcome to pig shit central .
You know those “ honey - do ” lists ?
Well , new and strange things are going to start appearing on them .
It is only a matter of time until you are off to the Ag - way with a list of soil amendments to purchase , as you try to pretend that you have the faintest idea what greensand is , or why you would care about the color of your sand .
The money you ’d definitely planned to spend on a weekend meditation retreat is mysteriously gone – replaced by a big pile of stock fencing and orders to go pick up the gas powered augur , whatever that is .
One day , Sweetie - pie comes wandering in , not with a small bag of peaches , but with three bushels , and expects you to help her do something with them .
You can say “ wait , this was n’t in the deal ” – good luck with that .
Eric ’s advice to all of you , if you have a spouse with a serious case of the farm dream , is simply “ let go , complain a lot ( so that he / she appreciates properly how much you are suffering , and feels guilty enough to be accomodating of * your* dreams and pleasures ) , but go with it – it really is n’t that bad . ”
Now this is perhaps a little self - serving of me ( me , self - serving ? ) to quote , but that ’s his genuine take on it – that if the farm dream has penetrated too deep to be removed , you are about to begin a long , strange trip .
And it is a lot more fun if you just try and enjoy it .
And the funny thing is , it can be fun , and not just for the one with the dream .
There ’s something about learning new stuff , about building , making , growing and tending your own that is …well … neat .
And neat not just to the person deeply infected by the crazy - agrarian - brain - parasite , but often , to the least likely people .
Here ’s Catherine Friend again ,
“ One evening I watched one of my favorite movies , The Hunt for Red October .
The submarine commander , played by Sean Connery , used a fascinating battle tactic : he turned his submarine toward the torpedo racing at him through the water .
The sub and the torpedo met before the torpedo had armed itself , so it bounced harmlessly off the sub ’s hull .
Hey , what an idea .
Why not move out to meet the farm , embracing it ?
I gave it a great deal of thought , then announced to Melissa I would do chorse two days a week .
She was skeptical ….
Weekend after weekend , I trudged outseide .
I think Melissa expected me to tire and give up after just a week or two… .
We argued over method , but I insisted that if the end result was teh same , why did I have to do things just like she did ?
…
At one pointe , she literally stamped her foot , shouting ‘ You ca n’t do chores anymore then ! ’
That would have been the perfect opportunity to utter one simple word .
‘ Okay . ’
But my response surprised us both .
‘ This is my farm too , and I ’m going to do chores . ’ ”
Kimberly Schaye , initially the reluctant partner to her husband ’s flower farm dream eventually begins giving other people lessons in the dream and its realities – and of course , what ’s funny about all of them is that most of them applied to her just a few years before :
“ I had developed a handy quiz to identify people who should think twice before they start looking for lad .
Tehse are the people who would say any of the following :
‘ I like money and feel that I need a lot of it . ’ –
This disqualifies you instantly
‘ I hate bugs and when one lands on me , I tend to scream like I ’m being brutally murdered until someone flicks it off .
I ’m not much fonder of dirt . ” –
Get used to both .
As a farmer you will be covered with them most of the time .
But you will get to learn which bugs are truly your friends and which you should kill with wild abandon .
‘ I feel I might want to work for someone other than myself again someday . ’ – Forget it .
You will be completely ruined for this .
And should you ever find yourself back in a corporate workplace environment , you will immediately wonder why everyone is dressed so uncomfortably and how they can take themselves so seriously
… ’How do I tell my friends about my workday and make it sound like I did something ? ’ –
What you mean you do n’t think ‘ I kneeled in the dirt for eight hours and pulled tiny weeds out of a hole in the ground sounds like anything ? ’
Not everyone learns to , as Friend puts it , “ stop worrying and love the barn ” but it seems surprisingly common .
Every time I go out among agrarians , I find that most couples or families are made up of people who are truly dedicated to farming , and their other relatives , lovers , partners , etc … who , well , were n’t .
Maybe your spouse was raised on a farm , and the parasites lay dormant for a while .
Maybe you just married a farmgirl or farmboy , and knew going into this meant “ love me , love my muck - covered bottomland . ”
Maybe the parasites somehow infected your otherwise perfectly normal spouse or partner , Mom or roommate , and you keep thinking “ I did n’t sign up for this . ”
My Mom is the perfect example of someone who got caught in someone else ’s farm dream .
First there was mine , but hey , she could be supportive , since she no longer had to live with me .
What she did n’t realize was that the parasites were indeed contagious , and would infect her partner of nearly 30 years .
Soon , there was the garden plot , the chickens , and the talk , after they retire , of “ the baby farm . ”
My mother did n’t like bugs or worms .
She liked her food properly encased in plastic .
She thought chickens were weird , and did n’t really want to get to know her neighbors better , particularly around the subject of poultry .
Fast forward a couple of years – my Mom has a community garden plot , three hens in the backyard , two chicks living in her kitchen and worms in the basement .
She helps run open houses for future chicken owners .
So far , she ’s holding the line against goats on their 1/8 acre city lot , but even she admits that she no longer says “ never ” about much of anything .
The funny thing is , she likes most of it , and everyone is happier now .
So ca n’t blame you for trying to get out of it , or complaining , but it is important to know that real people do adapt all the time .
Moreover , the brain parasites are contagious – it is surprisingly common for reluctant farmers to wake up one morning , go out into the dirt and think “ Wait , I this does n’t seem quite so insane . ”
The good food , the fresh air , the physical activity , the sense accomplishment – whether you ’ve made your farm on your old lot or moved – these things suck people in , and soon , you ca n’t understand why your Mom thinks goat manure is so gross , and you are laughing at your Brother in Law , who swears he ’d never actually eat eggs that came straight from a chicken ’s butt .
The thing is , farming , on any scale , really is n’t just a job – it is a way of life .
Even if you keep your job as a mechanic , waiter , college professor or lawyer , there ’s something oddly real about the time you spend in the woods securing your winter ’s heat , or about the brush of feathers , or the taste of warm tomato – more real , many times , than the other work you do .
And the realness is addictive – even to people who thought it could n’t possibly be .
If you ca n’t find a compromise position , if the tractor is coming straight at you , the best way is to climb on up and enjoy the ride .
Here are some suggestions for doing so , while also maintaining what ’s left of your sanity :
1 . Do not believe anything your agriculturally besotted partner claims will “ pay for itself ” until you see actual numbers , and have actually done it .
Assume upfront that everything will cost more than you think .
Also , when your partner makes to - do lists , cut them in half , then in half again .
Halve one more time if you have young children or a full time job .
Then , you have a real shot at getting the stuff on your list accomplished … mostly .
2 . Your definition of “ gross ” will change pretty rapidly .
If it started out as “ poop of any kind ” it will now be “ five acre chem - lawn lots that grow only grass that nothing eats . ”
If it started out as “ Getting filthy and sweaty anywhere but the gym ” it will now be “ wearing your barn clothes more than two consecutive weeks or after they get sheep placenta on them . ”
If it started out as “ the idea of eating some animal you once met ” it will now be “ the idea of eating factory farmed meat delivered on a styrofoam tray . ”
3 . You will do things you would have been willing to swear not that long ago , that you would never do .
Absolutely , positive sure you ’d never kill an animal ?
Wait until you have either a sick one that desperately needs to be put down , or some animal so obnoxious and unpleasant that the thought of eating them is actually kind of appealing ( my three year old still announces , with some satisfaction “ We ate Corey ” – the mean rooster who kept attacking him . )
Absolutely , positively sure you ’ll never get a cow / pig / horse / tractor / business plan / worm bin / bees / truckload of manure / post hole digger / adze / quilting frame / orchard / llama / butter churn / chicken plucker / milking machine ?
Do n’t speak quite so soon .
The amazing thing is that you ’ll end up feeling pretty good about it in a lot of ways – the funny thing is that when you finally fix that tractor , or when you actually do barn the hay or raise the turkeys – not only do you get the sense of accomplishment , but there ’s an underlying “ hey , I ’m pretty cool to be able to do this . ”
That said , however , expect a steep learning curve , and plenty of screw ups .
Try very hard to be good at laughing at yourself .
Try very hard to remember that it is not always wise to laugh at your spouse , no matter how funny he looks with the raw egg dripping out of his pants pocket or covered in mud and G -d knows what else .
4 . You may both find ( assuming your relationship is a romantic one ) agriculture strangely sexy .
You would n’t think your partner would look especially handsome covered with little bits of hay , or holding a scythe , death style , but oddly , he seems to .
Your wife , it turns out , looks really , really good with a sledgehammer , or perhaps less strangely , while holding a basket of ripe eggplants or a baby lamb .
Country folk are , well , earthy , and there ’s a good bit of sex in that .
Admittedly , chicken sex is repulsive .
But all those bees and flowers and rich fertility have their influence too – make sure you make time for love .
5 . Your job is to say no .
Even if you ’ve been infected by the parasites , yours is probably still the voice of reason ( scary thought , eh ? ) .
So no matter how much it makes perfect sense , you could n’t have planned it better , and is such a great deal , it may not be the time to add 40 more sheep to your flock , to expand the CSA to 70 members ( up from 12 ) , to begin breeding Great Pyrenees dogs or to take down that old barn and rebuild it .
Someone has to have a sense of perspective , and you are designated .
At the very least , you should offer some resistance , a downpayment on the next crazy idea .
6 . One of you should keep your job .
I ’m all for farming , however , if you are a beginner , the odds are very good that you are not going to fully support your family in the first year .
Some of you will simply be looking to grow a little food and have a garden , some to make a little money on the side – to get the chickens to pay for their feed , make enough money from the produce sales to take a vacation , or offset the vet bills with your handspun yarn .
But some of you will be looking to be FARMERS – the serious version of this .
This is great .
Farming is great .
But it does n’t come with health insurance , and it is not a reliable income stream at first for most people .
Yeah , have a business plan and get started .
But one of you keep the day job – you can always quit later when you are making money hand over fist .
Ha !
7 . The first step is probably not the last one .
That is , just because you ’ve let go and said “ ok , we can have vegetables in the back yard , where none of the neighbors can see them , and maybe two chickens ” do not think you are done .
At a minimum , your pride and joy front yard perennial plantings are probably going to be replaced by hazelnuts and blueberries , and I ’ll lay you good odds that there are a few more chickens , and maybe some bunnies in your future .
8 . Once you eat the food , you are stuck for life .
We all rhapsodize about the food – I mean , this is food money literally cannot buy .
Unless you are rich enough to have your own private gardener rushing the asparagus from the ground , and bringing the heirloom tomatoes in warm from the garden , you will never quite get the perfection of taste .
You can get close at the farmer ’s market , but the best stuff comes straight off the plant , and is eaten within seconds of harvest .
But now you are spoiled for life – your kids will never eat store jam again , after they ’ve eaten Dad ’s raspberry - blackberry .
You will never be able to eat a grocery store tomato , or a salad of iceberg lettuce again .
Even the lowly potato will be dead to you , if it comes from far away .
9 . Your crazy loved - one will start out wanting to do everything – but will probably begin eventually to specialize .
This is a process – expect it to take a while to shake out what your things are .
That is , most of us come to this wanting to do it all – we ’re going to have the chickens for eggs , the cows for milk , the huge garden , the… you get it .
After a while , we find that there are some projects we do better than others and some we like better than others .
I know some people who do it all – who produce nearly everything they eat or use .
But most of us eventually settle down a little , and find that we ’re happiest focusing on the things we like – the issue , of course , is that we do n’t always know what we like until we try it , how much it costs , how much time it takes .
That is , they find out whether they are a sheep person or a goat person by having sheep and goats .
They find out whether they really want to cut hay or log with horses by working with horses .
They find out if you like to sew their own clothing or build their own barn by trying these things out .
Sometimes , they ( or you ) find out they are losing money , failing miserably or that they really do n’t like coppicing trees nearly as much as you thought - they forgot they are afraid of heights .
Ok , that ’s fine , no need to make yourself crazy - they do like growing watermelons and making pickles .
So just remember , if it sounds like you are being dragged every which way , you are , but it probably wo n’t last forever – sooner or later , you ’ll only be dragged six or seven ways , and you ’ll have time to get good at most of them .
10 .
There are a couple of ways you can come to share a dream .
First , you can find a part of the farm that you love , too .
Maybe you ’ll never really be crazy about all those plants , but the chickens , now , those you do like .
Or maybe you ’ve always loved building and fixing things , or cooking and preserving – and that part is enough to make up for the parts you do n’t always love .
Or maybe you can find a way to integrate your dreams with one another , or simply to be happy that she ’s happy , or he ’s happy .
That is , you love your daughter , and even if , left to yourself , you ’d prefer to winter in Florida , not Ohio , and spend your retirement playing golf , rather than growing pecans , well , maybe it does n’t matter – assuming that she too wants you to be happy , and is willing to give way on the things that really do matter most to you – say , making sure you have your shed to putter in or your books to read .
Or maybe , just maybe , the little brain parasites will work their way up your bloodstream , until you no longer remember what it was like to live without a farm .
Gradually the process of forgetting becomes so acute that you think a life without manure on your boots and the crow of a rooster , or the swoop of the barn swallows would n’t be worth living .
You start looking forward to haying , or to going out the barn in winter to check on the rabbits .
You start dreaming of the day you ’ll retire , and can spend all day farming , or the day you can pick up your first beehives .
I know that sounds crazy now , but sometimes you look up , and your dreams have changed , and that ’s ok , even good .
Sometimes there ’s nothing more to dream of than being yoked together in the same harness , on the same land and doing the same good work for all the days of your life .
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( Reuters ) - The Obama administration has ordered a top - level review of the U.S. human spaceflight program that has been focused on returning astronauts to the moon by 2020 , officials said on Thursday .
President Barack Obama holds up a copy of the 2010 budget as he speaks at the Eisenhower Executive Office Buildings in Washington May 7 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
Former Lockheed Martin Chairman and Chief Executive Norm Augustine will head a blue - ribbon panel charged with assessing NASA ’s progress on a space transportation system to replace the retiring space shuttle fleet .
“ Clearly if we ’re on the wrong path , we should change , but if you ’re asking me do I think we ’re on the wrong path , the answer is no , ” Chris Scolese , NASA ’s acting administrator , said at a news conference to unveil the agency ’s $ 18.7 billion spending plan for the fiscal year beginning October 1 .
The review , which is due by August , will focus on the U.S. space agency ’s Ares rocket program and the Orion capsule that is being designed to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station as well as to the lunar surface .
Prime contractors for the shuttle replacement program include Boeing Co , Alliant Techsystems Inc , Pratt & Whitney , a United Technologies Corp unit , which are building the new Ares rocket ; and Lockheed Martin Corp , which is developing the Orion capsule spacecraft .
The space shuttles are due to be retired by September 30 , 2010 , after eight more flights to assemble and outfit the space station and a final servicing mission to the Hubble Space Telescope that is scheduled for launch on Monday .
The $ 3.2 billion budget request for space shuttle operations includes funds for an added flight to carry the $ 1.5 billion Alpha Magnet Spectrometer particle physics experiment to the station for installation and operation .
Scolese said the review panel also will address extending NASA support of the space station beyond 2016 and possibly the lunar initiative .
BUSH’S MOON PLANS
In January 2004 , President George W. Bush announced plans for the United States to return to the moon by 2020 and build a way station there for flights to Mars .
NASA ’s last human flight to the moon was in 1972 .
The agency also is requesting $ 150 million to help foster a commercially developed capsule to fly crew members to the space station .
Space Exploration Technologies , a California firm known as SpaceX , has been working under a NASA contract to develop its Dragon capsule to haul cargo to the outpost .
The contract includes an option for a passenger system , which NASA said it intends to exercise .
NASA ’s spending plan is $ 2 billion richer than the budget it received two years ago , largely the result of federal economic stimulus dollars .
In part , the extra funding will go toward an expanded global climate change research program , a new initiative to develop environmentally more benign aviation technologies , and new science programs including a joint U.S. - European mission to Jupiter ’s ocean - bearing moon Europa .
There are so many examples of pornographic insanity , rotating on an endless loop , like tin ducks at a shooting gallery , in this carnival of the absurd .
Things like this are so far beyond understanding that you are left in awe of the darkness in the soul of man .
Here in the age of the unconfirmed reports and the anonymous government spokesmen , we are led to believe that the Iranians are throwing people off of bridges and chopping them up with axes in the street .
It is n’t happening .
In the meantime , the American government ; the Israeli government and the British government are killing hundreds of thousands of people ; wiping out villages with unmanned drones , torturing people in secret prisons , tazering citizens on the streets , butchering women and children .
These things are confirmed .
These things are happening .
Compared to the Charlie Manson antics of the aforementioned gang of three , Ahmanedijad is Mahatma Gandhi .
The hypocrisy is off the charts .
The reality of what is taking place is not a matter of debate .
It has been a long time in the planning .
Consonant with these psychopathic efforts has been the progressive dumbing down of the populations of the West .
Because you really have to be remarkably stupid to even consider what we are being told about world events and government policies , it is Job One to make the people as stupid as possible so that they will swallow any and every lie no matter how they contradict reality .
The country that runs America and her wooden puppet president can do anything they like .
They can gun down people on the land they have stolen from them .
They can do it every day and they do .
Then they can raise their hypocritical cries of protest about the death of a woman in Iran , through their control of world media , as if this were the greater injury .
We do not know who killed this woman in Iran .
We do know who is murdering Palestinians each and every day .
We do know who is doing this and we do know what is going on with this .
I have to assume that all of this is being done for the purpose of demonstration .
I have to believe there is a cosmic law at work that is compelling the demons among us to broadcast to the world the damning evidence of their evil actions and intentions .
I have to believe that this is all a part of the process of some higher court that is putting all defense of such callous behavior beyond any possibility of success .
A South Carolina , Christian hypocrite of a governor , inexplicably flies off to Argentina to see his paramour .
This is the same governor who made such a big deal about Bill Clinton and his ambulatory , cigar humidor .
In the Louisiana legislature we are treated to the certain evidence that life has become a Grand Guignol by way of Donald Duck .
Strange events around the world have become commonplace .
It ’s getting crazier and crazier by the day .
“ Things fall apart ; the centre cannot hold ;
Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world . ”
Madness ... utter madness .
While various ancient cultures seek to maintain their continuity , another culture which has gone from empty promises to ; bankrupting the population and destroying the manufacturing base , instituting fascist laws and phony hate crime legislations , to reality shows that celebrate the vapidity and fast foods superficiality of a wasted existence , onward to who knows what banal enterprises and suicidal patterns of inspired self destruction ... where people get probation for murder and mayhem and life sentences are handed out for ingesting chemicals many times less dangerous than those provided by corporations in the interest of destroying the nation ’s health ... so that more profits can roll in for treatments that treat nothing .
What do we make of this ?
I am so transfixed by the unbelievable spectacle of what I am seeing that I can no longer even answer my emails .
I do n’t know what to say to anyone .
I ca n’t continue with my projects because there is no longer a recognizable world to produce them for .
We have become a Tom and Jerry cartoon .
Brutal bloodthirsty demons walk with impunity among us .
Their cabals of serial murder with connections to the highest levels of government continue to be revealed .
The rape and murder of children and the connections between the various killers and the governments empowered to arrest such activities have become inarguable .
Rent boys in the White House .
The British pedophile rings and the world - wide pedophile rings .
What does one say to all of this ?
Indigenous peoples are being murdered and threatened with extinction by corporations who want what ’s to be taken from their lands .
These are very strange times .
Whatever is coming must be very near at hand .
Certainly this summer we are going to see outrage and violence explode around the world .
In the meantime , some large portion of the population is indifferent to anything but the satisfaction of their self - interest .
Their blindness is near absolute .
The cynical media outdoes itself by the day in catering to the very worst elements in human nature .
I am in awe .
As many of you here know , I go to a certain forum that purports to be representative of the educated and intelligent among us .
Here we find people with degrees and lucrative professions .
These are people with pretensions for having read great books , who talk glibly about all manner of things and wax wide with incredible vanity about what they know and how well they know it .
Across the internet in similar locations , those of us who should know better , spend their time preening like red assed baboons , masturbating for the public ’s entertainment and their own .
Dear reader ... what can the outcome be ?
How deep will they sink and how great will be the outrage that they practice and permit ?
Are there any limits to what they will pull out of their asses and set as a centerpiece for their lives ?
I have to wonder if I have gone mad .
Have I walked through some unknown door into a place that is no longer on this Earth ?
Did I fall asleep and wake up in some purgatory ; some twisted bardo ?
If fifty foot demons with enormous bellies suddenly appeared on the street and began to dance an Irish jug I probably would n’t bat an eye .
Something ’s coming people ; it can not go on as it is .
Some great summing up is at hand .
I feel as if there is some carrousel like the records in an old juke box .
Each record is a door and the carrousel stands before everyone on the planet at the same time .
Each person inserts their quarter and dials up the world that they intend to enter .
At some point , all of the worlds that are represented by the chosen songs will spin off into space and begin to rotate around some distant star .
There , like will engage with like , as they begin a cosmic cycle all of their own .
There is no reality .
There is no balance .
I would suggest that everyone take some time to look within themselves and determine what they truly want and what matters the most .
I ca n’t shake the feeling that this is the main determinant for what will appear to each and every one of us .
All of this said , I remain hopeful that the better part of what we might have been will endure in some way , in some place , once the darkness of these times is finally sorted to its well deserved end .
Visible and The Critical List : ♫ Camouflage ♫
' Camouflage ' is track no .
8 of 8 on Visible and The Critical List 's 1987 album
' La Vierge Sperme Danceur '
About this song ( pops up )
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Defeated Iranian presidential candidate Mirhossein Mousavi on Saturday rejected authorities ’ proposals for a partial recount of votes from this month ’s election and repeated his demand the entire ballot be annulled .
EDITORS ’ NOTE : Reuters and other foreign media are subject to Iranian restrictions on their ability to report , film or take pictures in Tehran .
Iran ’s top legislative body , the Guardian Council , had offered to recount 10 percent of ballot boxes from the June 12 vote in the presence of senior officials representing the government and opposition .
“ This kind of recount will not remove ambiguities ... There is no other way but annulment of the vote ... Some members of this committee are not impartial , ” Mousavi said in a statement posted on his website .
Another beaten candidate , pro-reform cleric Mehdi Karoubi , also rejected the partial recount offer in a statement on his site .
Mass protests by Mousavi supporters have exposed splits in Iran ’s political establishment and plunged the country into its deepest crisis since the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
State media say 20 people have died in post-election violence .
The Guardian Council has already said it found no major violations in the vote that returned hardline president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to power .
Ahmadinejad warned on Saturday he would take a tougher approach in his second term of office to make the West regret meddling in Tehran ’s affairs .
“ With no doubt , Iran ’s new government will have a more decisive and firmer approach toward the West , ” the official IRNA news agency quoted Ahmadinejad as saying .
“ This time the Iranian nation ’s reply will be harsh and more decisive ” to make the West rue its interference , he said .
OBAMA OVERTURES
He was speaking a day after U.S. President Barack Obama praised the bravery of Iranians who protested against the election in the face of what he called “ outrageous ” violence .
Before the vote , Obama had made diplomatic overtures to Iran after years of hostility between the two nations .
Relations with the West have been overshadowed for years by Iran ’s disputed nuclear program , which the West suspects is aimed at building an atomic bomb .
Slideshow ( 23 images )
Iran denies this , insisting it only wants to produce energy for peaceful purposes .
Authorities have placed responsibility for the post-election violence on Mousavi , who says the vote was rigged .
His supporters staged mass protests in the week after the election , but Iranian authorities have since then used warnings , arrests and the threat of police action to drive them off Tehran ’s streets .
Smaller gatherings have been dispersed with tear gas and baton charges .
Slideshow ( 23 images )
Mousavi says the government is to blame for the violence , and has urged the Interior Ministry to allow his supporters to rally .
The establishment has made it clear it has no intention of holding a new election and has set up a special court to deal with hundreds of detained protesters .
A hardline Iranian cleric has called for the execution of leading “ rioters . ”
Group of Eight powers on Friday deplored violence stemming from the disputed election in the world ’s fifth biggest oil exporter but held open the door for Iran to take part in talks on its nuclear program .
Iran ’s foreign ministry on Saturday rejected the call by the group as “ hasty interference ” and insisted the election was fair , IRNA reported .
The ministry also summoned the Swedish ambassador to Iran , Magnus Werndstedt , to complain about a protest in Stockholm on Friday when demonstrators forced their way through a fence into the Iranian embassy compound .
Swedish police said two people were arrested for vandalism and one for assault .
IRNA said an embassy employee was injured in what it called the “ terrorist ” incident .
IRNA said Iran ’s judiciary had banned Abolfazl Fateh , head of Mousavi ’s media office , from leaving the country because of his role in post-election developments .
Fateh has been studying for a doctorate in Britain .
Exclusive to STR
On May 30 , 1962 , a modern musical masterpiece premiered in England ’s newest cathedral , built next to the remains of the cathedral that was destroyed when the Nazis bombed Coventry .
Benjamin Britten 's " War Requiem " combines two choirs , two orchestras , three vocal soloists , and the Latin religious funeral text with English poetry .
In the final section , the words " Let us sleep now " are slurred over and around the Latin “ In paradisum , ” in a swirling wash of diatonic sonority , as more staves are added while instrumental and vocal groups softly divide and subdivide , each in its own direction .
For anyone unfamiliar with reading an orchestral score , this is virtually impossible to follow .
It does not matter .
There is no longer anyone for the conductor to cue , nor is one musical line more important than the other .
Dozens of meandering phrases are sung and played with essentially the same seven notes , as melody and harmony , English and Latin , become static .
The listener may not be aware , but as in every other part of this astounding work , Britten is saying something powerful and direct .
Having been schooled in every aspect of the Western musical tradition , as well as being an ardent pacifist , Britten knew exactly what this sort of music would express :
Where there is no harmonic motion , musical direction , nor any definitive thematic statement , there can be no resolution .
The music may safely remain in a particular key , but having never left the tonic to venture into any related or secondary harmonies , there is no way of telling for certain where the starting point is , nor where the ending point should be .
If you think that the " pastoral " finale of this mass for the war dead refers to some sort of serenity after the tumult that went before , you 'd be wrong .
In so many ways , you 'd be dead wrong .
This is no peaceful slumber .
According to an article this past Memorial Day in The Washington Post , the names of military men who commit suicide as a result of the trauma with which they suffer are not being listed on newly - constructed memorials to the ongoing War on Certain Kinds of Terror .
The surviving families are quite understandably upset .
There is another aspect of this story that is telling :
“ Mary Clare Lindberg 's son , Army Sgt. Benjamin Jon Miller , was home in Minnesota on leave [ emphasis mine ] from Iraq in June when he shot and killed himself …
“ Connie Scott , whose son , Pvt. 1st Class Brian M. Williams , also killed himself while home on leave from Iraq … took his life by carbon monoxide poisoning the day before he was to return to Iraq [ emphasis mine ] … ”
These men would rather die than continue fighting for the “ liberation ” of the Middle East .
Could the threat of redeployment conceivably be a contributing factor ?
What ’s so horrible about returning to a disintegrated country filled with men that want you dead ?
Unfortunately , once a suicidal man has succeeded , he can’t tell you the reasons why he did it , although it seems pretty obvious to me .
According to this article ( among other sources I have read in the last several months ) , military suicides are increasing .
I empathize with parents who have lost military children to this war .
I cannot comprehend the grief .
It is understandable that seeing a son's name on a plaque would offer some comfort to the living .
I , too , am disgusted with the military 's inability to acknowledge , even in this trifling fashion , the horrific sacrifice its warmongering has brought about .
But in the end , these suicides speak of the greater evil of war itself , of the lies of numerous presidential administrations and the Beast they serve , and of the agonizing truth that names on a memorial do not even begin to compensate for what has been lost when a single man is killed , moreover when that man kills himself .
Each of these suicides takes from this world a wealth of experience that could have and should have been shared for decades to come .
These men are trying , out of fear and incomprehensible suffering , to escape their own worldview , one that is custom - tailored to each man alone .
No matter how much homogenization they underwent through nationalized , regulated , corporate / popular culture , sustained by an insidious government schooling system and a complacent media establishment , they can never be denied their separateness from one another .
Each of these men dies a unique individual .
I firmly believe that such uniqueness continues after this life .
In what way , I have no idea .
But if it all does indeed end at death , then the deliberate taking of a single life is doubly terrible , even incalculable .
Worst of all , it is obvious , given the circumstances surrounding the suicides happening in the military , that these men who take their own lives are dying while still mired in oppression of mind and spirit .
They are crying out , “ Let us sleep now . ”
I can guarantee that not a single man who takes his own life in this manner ever knows what freedom really is , nor do any of them know how to be free .
You can not be free by obeying the rules .
You can not be free by waiting for someone to rescue you .
You can not be free simply by hoping for a brighter day tomorrow .
Freedom comes from within .
It does not come from without .
It does not come from a charismatic leader .
It does not come with a set of instructions .
It does not come from being raised with doses of discipline and dogma .
It does not come from being given your freedom only after you prove yourself to your parents , teachers , pastors , or other authority figures .
It does not come from any God who demands obedience before
He promises blessings ( or threatens curses ) .
It does not come from delineated rights .
It does not come from The Constitution .
It is you from whom freedom springs .
It is you in whom freedom thrives .
No one gave it to you .
Like Dorothy and her ruby slippers , your way home was with you all the time .
You just did n't realize it .
Do you understand ?
You are freedom .
Contrary to that tiresome cliché , freedom is free .
You are free when you join the military .
You are free if and / or when you are drafted .
You are free when they put a gun in your hand and bark an order .
You are free to say , " No . "
Even when you are certain that you are n't , you are free to deal with it internally any way that you wish .
If you are falsely imprisoned for rightfully resisting , you are still free .
As the example of Viktor Frankl shows us , freedom can exist even within a death camp .
There is an incomparable German film that came out a few years ago , about freedom .
I 've mentioned it before , and I believe that I first heard about it from this website .
In " The Lives of Others , " there are three characters that exhibit the consequences of knowing or not knowing this essential truth .
( WARNING :
If you have n’t seen it , the following paragraph contains spoilers . )
The film centers on a playwright who is enlisted by dissidents to surreptitiously write a report on East Germany ’s disproportionately high suicide rate , an exposé that will hopefully be broadcast on television before the government can prevent it .
The playwright agrees to the plan , knowing that he is free in his heart , but not knowing that his apartment has been bugged by the Stasi ( the East German secret police ) .
His girlfriend , who supports him but does not know this freedom , relents when pressured by the government , and confesses all she knows about the plot .
Lastly , the main character of the film , a member of the Stasi , undergoes a remarkable and very moving transformation , having discovered this freedom for his self , and joins in the quest without the knowledge of any of the other people involved .
He and the playwright are able to move on after events unfold in the Soviet bloc of the 1980s ( in perhaps the most satisfying dénouement in cinematic history ) .
The playwright 's girlfriend , however , gives in to the despair brought about by oppression , suffered in the absence , and ignorance , of freedom .
The men in this Memorial Day article , like the fictitious playwright 's girlfriend , died without knowing this freedom .
For them , it is too late to send the message out .
Those of us who know freedom from the inside have a tremendous responsibility to tell everyone who is still living .
I do so here .
If you are reading this and you are in the military , I say to you now : Suicide will not make you free , nor will it release you from the pain .
If suicide was freedom or a workable way around " the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune , " then we are all fools for making the effort to live .
I cannot and will not condemn anyone who takes this rash action .
But it has to stop .
You must not do this thing .
You must not kill .
You must turn from violence .
You are not here to be obedient .
You are not here to have someone else take charge of your education .
You are not here to simply be entertained .
You will not find solace in lobbying the government , or in taking part in Leviathan 's evil to any extent .
I can't tell you to give up your commission outright , but from within the cage compelled upon you , you should be able to see through the bars and think for yourself .
Plan out what you can do .
Open up to others ( if only online ) to help you with your freedom plan .
You can find your own way to quietly , peacefully walk away from the table government has set .
This is a far better choice than running from the problems of your life , whether self - inflicted or not .
It 's a hell - of - a - lot better than killing yourself .
If you are actually contemplating suicide , this article , written by a confirmed doofus , will certainly not help much .
My effort is meant to help you go elsewhere to the get the help you really need .
If you would like an online resource to start with , I highly recommend you try Alice Miller ’s website .
I know virtually nothing about post - traumatic stress disorder , but I do know something about confronting childhood pain and oppression , and if you grew up in the society I did , you had plenty of it .
Unknowingly , your parents engaged in a form of abuse if they sent you to government schools to be educated .
Indeed , if they sent you to any school at all against your will , they did you a disservice .
The learning process for children is a natural one , and ought not to be tampered with .
That is where your intimate knowledge of oppression began .
I can assure you of that much .
Your parents most likely raised you to be obedient , with subtle or blatant threats , emotional manipulation , or actual violence if you did not comply .
Much of what happened to you probably did not feel like abuse , because it is widespread .
When all parents treat their children with such contempt , it appears normal .
Worst of all , if you ’re a military man , then you ’re probably much more of a he -man than I am .
Listening to a professional weakling like me tell you that bad parenting is to blame for suicidal thoughts that are directly linked to unspeakable wartime memories , is probably a bit of a stretch for you .
That ’s understandable .
A bomb is far louder and more physically dangerous than a screaming parent .
You must understand , however , that your decision to join the military did not come to you out of thin air , nor does it come from a good place .
It comes from years of being lied to by government , government schools , military recruiters , and heavily - regulated “ private ” media outlets .
This war is a lie from the start .
There will be more lies , and more wars , to come .
An education in freedom will take time .
When I first started , I scoffed at some of the ideas with which I was confronted .
I eventually embraced them all .
You will follow a logical path that will eventually lead you to the same open air I am now breathing .
But killing yourself out of fear or psychological pain will end your journey .
I shudder to think what waits for you on the other side , if anything at all .
At the very least , you ought to give yourself the chance to follow some of the above links and determine for yourself whether I ’m full of shit , before you finally decide to do it .
Lastly , you may come to a realization that you were never given the unconditional love that children require for survival .
This still does not justify taking your own life .
You are capable , now that you are a grown man , of building your own life , and receiving what love is available .
Wait for it .
You can find it .
It can come to you .
You can increase it once you experience it .
You will feel more of it when you truly experience freedom in your heart .
But you cannot have this love without truth , and truth , like love , is inseparable from freedom .
Let the truth make you angry .
When I contemplate the number of lies I believed for decades , and how well - meaning people participated in the furtherance of untruth , I get plenty upset .
Anger is okay , when you know how to deal with it .
Do not be afraid of the stigma of seeking help .
It ’s not unmanly .
It may also lead to decades more of freedom .
The other way out will never lead there .
You can sleep later .
For now , live and be free .
Skip to comments .
Lawmaker Returns Joke Gift From Schwarzenegger [ Bull Testicle Sculpture ]
LATimes ^ | June 18 , 2009
Posted on by Steelfish
Lawmaker returns joke gift from Schwarzenegger
Rich Pedroncelli / Associated Press
A bull testicle sculpture for Sen. Darrell Steinberg was meant as a prod to help with tough budget choices .
By Patrick McGreevy and Eric Bailey June 18 , 2009
Reporting from Sacramento --
As lawmakers wrangled last week over how to plug California 's giant deficit , the governor who once called them " girlie men " sent the state Senate leader a package that has some Capitol insiders tsk - tsking over what they see as an ill - timed display of machismo .
The gag gift from Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , a metal sculpture of bull testicles , came with a note suggesting the lawmaker would need them to make some tough budget choices , said legislative sources who were not authorized to speak publicly .
An annoyed Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg ( D - Sacramento ) returned the sculpture with a sober note on the fortitude needed to protect society 's vulnerable from the budget ax .
That prompted a verbal apology from the governor , the sources said .
Still , " we 're not going to be upset " about a practical joke , said Steinberg 's spokeswoman , Alicia Trost .
In fact , she said , the Senate leader and Schwarzenegger " send each other gag gifts all the time . "
Steinberg had earlier sent the governor a basket of garden - variety mushrooms , Trost said , after Schwarzenegger called Senate budget proposals " hallucinatory . "
( Excerpt ) Read more at latimes.com ...
TOPICS :
Political Humor / Cartoons
US : California
KEYWORDS :
calbudget
darrellsteinberg
juvenile
schwarzenegger
sculpture
To : Steelfish
Giving a set of testicles to a DemocRAT is a waste of a good set of testicles .
by 2 posted onby FlingWingFlyer ( Hey America !
How 's that " hope and change " thing working out ?
Are you scared yet ? )
To : Steelfish
arnold needs those himself , and while he ’s at it , send a set to every RHINO
by 3 posted onby machogirl ( not one of Rush 's top - ten gal names )
To : Steelfish
Why do they feel the need to sanitize everything .
Just say it !
metal sculpture of bull testicles
In other words ... " A set of big brass balls ! "
by 4 posted onby Blackhawk ( God said it , I believe it , That settles it . )
To : machogirl
" arnold needs those himself , and while hes at it , send a set to every RHINO " Arnold has a pair of his own .
He keeps them in Maria 's purse .
To : Natural Law
maria ’s “ lock box ”
by 6 posted onby machogirl ( not one of Rush 's top - ten gal names )
To : machogirl
One , two , three lock box .
To : Steelfish
A Rino Hollywierd foreigner Kennedy who increased the California budget after promising to cut it years ago , and stabbed Republicans in the back who stood alone trying to divert this fiscal train wreck , can not get away with this “ joke . ”
Arnold is retarded , bless his heart .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Re : Are showers the women 's ride to Satan 's arms ?
- 02-03-2009 , 12:45 AM
02-03-2009 , 12:45 AM
Quote : Brother_Dustin Originally Posted by
I noticed that you have a lot of threads about women and how they should act and be treated .
I discovered a situation that I have not yet found the answer to .
You see , just the other day I walked in on my wife in the shower ( I do n't allow her to lock any doors in the house , unless I say otherwise ) and I was led to believe that she was pleasuring herself .
We have a retractable shower head , and when I walked in , it was near her devil 's layer and she seemed unusually embarrassed .
Though I did punish her , I do n't know what else to do beyond these lines .
I need advice on what the right thing to do would be .
Your Brother in Faith ,
Dustin Hello friends , I noticed that you have a lot of threads about women and how they should act and be treated .
I discovered a situation that I have not yet found the answer to .
You see , just the other day I walked in on my wife in the shower ( I do n't allow her to lock any doors in the house , unless I say otherwise ) and I was led to believe that she was pleasuring herself .
We have a retractable shower head , and when I walked in , it was near her devil 's layer and she seemed unusually embarrassed .
Though I did punish her , I do n't know what else to do beyond these lines .
I need advice on what the right thing to do would be .
Your Brother in Faith , Dustin
I 'm not sure why a Christian Man would need advice on how to discipline his own wife .
Daily paddlings , an hour in her Prayer closet each morning , and no more showers !
Take out that demonic contraption and restrict her to baths from now on .
I 'm not sure why a Christian Man would need advice on how to discipline his own wife .
Who Will Jesus Damn ?
Here is a partial list from just a few scripture verses :
Hypocrites ( Matthew 24:51 ) , The Unforgiving ( Mark 11:26 ) , Homosexuals ( Romans 1:26 , 27 ) , Fornicators ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Wicked ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Covetous ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Malicious ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Envious ( Romans 1:29 ) , Murderers ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Deceitful ( Romans 1:29 ) , Backbiters ( Romans 1:30 ) , Haters of God ( Romans 1:30 ) , The Despiteful ( Romans 1:30 ) , The Proud ( Romans 1:30 ) , Boasters ( Romans 1:30 ) , Inventors of evil ( Romans 1:30 ) , Disobedient to parents ( Romans 1:30 ) , Covenant breakers ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Unmerciful ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Implacable ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Unrighteous ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Idolaters ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Adulterers ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , The Effeminate ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Thieves ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Drunkards ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Reviler ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Extortioners ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , The Fearful ( Revelation 21:8 ) , The Unbelieving ( Revelation 21:8 ) , The Abominable ( Revelation 21:8 ) , Whoremongers ( Revelation 21:8 ) , Sorcerers ( Revelation 21:8 ) , All Liars ( Revelation 21:8 ) Hypocrites ( Matthew 24:51 ) , The Unforgiving ( Mark 11:26 ) , Homosexuals ( Romans 1:26 , 27 ) , Fornicators ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Wicked ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Covetous ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Malicious ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Envious ( Romans 1:29 ) , Murderers ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Deceitful ( Romans 1:29 ) , Backbiters ( Romans 1:30 ) , Haters of God ( Romans 1:30 ) , The Despiteful ( Romans 1:30 ) , The Proud ( Romans 1:30 ) , Boasters ( Romans 1:30 ) , Inventors of evil ( Romans 1:30 ) , Disobedient to parents ( Romans 1:30 ) , Covenant breakers ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Unmerciful ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Implacable ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Unrighteous ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Idolaters ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Adulterers ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , The Effeminate ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Thieves ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Drunkards ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Reviler ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Extortioners ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , The Fearful ( Revelation 21:8 ) , The Unbelieving ( Revelation 21:8 ) , The Abominable ( Revelation 21:8 ) , Whoremongers ( Revelation 21:8 ) , Sorcerers ( Revelation 21:8 ) , All Liars ( Revelation 21:8 )
Need Pastoral Advice ?
Contact me privately at PastorEzekiel@landoverbaptist.net TODAY !!
The new campaign , to be overseen by the Foreign Ministry , aims to appeal to people who are less concerned with Iran 's nuclear aspirations and more fearful of its human rights abuses and mistreatment of minorities , including the gay and lesbian community .
The campaign plans to recruit the international gay community , which Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad dismissed in 2007 when he said there were no homosexuals living in his country .
The campaign will also reach out to Jewish groups who want to bring more attention to Ahmadinejad 's Holocaust denial and some members of the Iranian regime 's anti-Semitic and anti-Zionist views .
About NIS 8 million have already been budgeted for the new campaign , which also includes increased briefings for foreign journalists on the Iranian nuclear program and greater use of the Internet and sites such as YouTube .
this
I do n't know how I missed this : the Israeli government is trying to dragoon a gay international into supporting its belligerence toward Iran :
This is not the first time that Israeli leaders have sought to appropriate the progressive veneer of other people 's struggles .
Netanyahu has done it before .
In 1999 , he reportedly addressed a letter to Israeli gay groups arguing that the Palestinian Authority was anti-gay .
Just as Israel 's ultimate vindication in the West is that it is " the only democracy in the Middle East " ( apart from the other democracies in the Middle East ) , so in general Israel 's apologists are inclined to highlight the comparative liberality of the Zionist state compared to many of its neighbours .
Obviously , this is as grotesque and cynical as Bush 's attempt to pose as the liberator of womankind while dropping daisy - cutters on women in Afghanistan .
And somehow , the idea of Israel promoting itself as the vanguard of gay rights fails to convince .
A swaggering , macho garrison state where homophobia is rampant - is the Stonewall of nation states ?
A country in which Pride demonstrators have been attacked and stabbed , where an elected politician literally thinks that gay sex can make the earth move ( by causing earthquakes ) , in which the president once referred to gays and lesbians as " disgusting " , in which a senior member of Olmert 's cabinet referred to queers as " sick people " , in which the very presence of gay people in the streets produces riots by demented reactionaries .
This is the international prize - fighter whom LGBT people are supposed to get behind ?
And what 's the programme supposed to be ?
Support gay rights by slaughtering Iranians ?
I wonder if the PR agents have contacted these people
Labels : homophobia , Israel , the liberal defense of murder , zionism
Serving up giant sperm since the Cretaceous : Ostracodes are a fairly unassuming class of crustaceans that have been around since the Cambrian , and their shells provide an extensive fossil record that covers much of the history of animal life .
Some of the modern species , however , have a rather distinct feature : giant sperm .
We 're talking millimeters , longer than many of the ostracodes that create them .
This phenomenon has been observed in a number of other species , including some Drosophila , but was assumed to be an odd , temporary byproduct of sexual selection run amuck .
Not so , apparently .
Intact fossils of ostracodes from 100 million years ago , combined synchrotron radiation and tomographic reconstructions , reveal that some ostracodes have been reproducing with giant sperm for a long time .
This suggests that , despite the amount of energy required , giant sperm can be a successful reproductive strategy for the long term .
Some instincts are overrated :
We 've studied some species of fish to identify the precise neural mechanism of their startle response , which results from a race condition between two specific neurons .
Present a stimulus to one side of the fish , and one of the neurons wins the race , sending the fish off in the opposite direction .
Although the level of knowledge probably is n't quite as detailed , it seems some snakes have figured this out , too .
Using high - speed video , researchers were able to show that , just prior to striking at a fish with its mouth , a specific species of snake would lunge at it with a harmless part of its body .
Appropriately startled , the fish quickly turned , sometimes swimming straight into the snake 's open mouth .
Bonus weird science points awarded for the snake species : the tentacled snake , called that for some small fleshy extensions on either side of its head .
How big would they be if the ostracodes lit up ? :
Scientists who were studying the active ingredients in pot got a bit of a surprise when they found that cannabinoids did n't just happen to latch on to one of the receptors for a known neurotransmitter .
Instead , our bodies make our own cannabinoids , and there is a receptor system that 's active not only in nerve cells , but in a variety of other tissues , as well .
One of those tissues happened to be the testes , and researchers have now looked into what the cannabinoid system might be doing there .
It appears that cannabinoids help push the cells of the testes into meiosis , the process that ensures that sperm wind up with the right number of chromosomes for successful reproduction .
The unexpected sweet taste of treated sewage : Some German scientists developed a way to detect artificial sweeteners in minute quantities , and turned their development to a key question : by drinking them , are we essentially dumping them into the environment ?
The answer is yes and no .
Sewage treatment got rid of almost all of the saccharin and cyclamate , but acesulfame and sucralose made it through and on into the environment .
Although these compounds have undergone extensive safety testing in humans , they 'll come into contact with a lot of new species in the groundwater , and we can't guarantee that there wo n't be an unexpected impact .
Discovering truth is actually the easy part :
If you 're willing to believe the results of a recent functional MRI study , truth is a memory , but you actually have to think a bit to recognize the false .
At their foundation , the authors conclude that recognizing both involves dredging a matching pattern from your memory .
The key difference is that you can easily match a truth — identifying a falsehood involves searching through each of the memories to identify potential contradictions .
The authors suggest that past studies missed this subtlety because there are differences to how strongly we respond to different degrees of truth or falsity .
I do n't feel like flying : Despite their notable absence of wings , a number of spiders effectively fly , trailing out a bit of silk that catches in the wind and pulls them along in order to disperse the offspring of a group of eggs .
This may help keep the spider 's population genetically diverse , allowing animals from relatively distant origins to breed .
But researchers have found a specific type of bacteria can turn one spider into a homebody .
Carrying a species of Rickettsia bacteria makes the money spider less likely to catch a ride on the breeze , and treating them with antibiotics apparently restores the spider 's wanderlust .
Listing image by Wikimedia Commons
Eine Zensur findet nicht statt – lasen die Deutschen 1949 in ihrem neuen Grundgesetz .
Irrtum : Noch 20 Jahre lang wurden heimlich Briefe geöffnet / Von Josef Foschepoth
Artikel 10 des Grundgesetzes lässt an Klarheit nichts zu wünschen übrig : " Das Briefgeheimnis sowie das Post - und Fernmeldegeheimnis sind unverletzlich .
Beschränkungen dürfen nur aufgrund eines Gesetzes angeordnet werden . "
Ein solches Gesetz wurde erst 1968 verabschiedet .
Hat es also vorher keine Beschränkung oder Verletzung des Post - und Telefongeheimnisses gegeben ?
Im Gegenteil .
20 Jahre lang wurden in der jungen Bundesrepublik staatlicherseits Briefe , Päckchen und Pakete aufgebrochen , beschlagnahmt und vernichtet , Telegramme abgeschrieben , Telefone abgehört : in einem Ausmaß , das erst jetzt durch Forschungen bekannt wird .
Bei ihrer Gründung stand die Bundesrepublik unter zweierlei Recht , dem Grundgesetz , das jeden Eingriff in das Post - und Fernmeldegeheimnis untersagte , und dem Besatzungsstatut , das den Besatzungsmächten faktisch freie Hand ließ .
Davon machten die Siegermächte extensiven Gebrauch .
In der französischen Zone etwa wurde , wie der Chef der Unionsfraktion , Heinrich von Brentano , 1951 an Kanzler Adenauer schrieb , " die gesamte Post grundsätzlich den französischen Behörden zur Zensur zugeleitet " – auch alle Sendungen aus Bonn , so dass man annehmen konnte , " dass auch die Korrespondenz der Bundesregierung und der Bundestagsabgeordneten der Kontrolle durch die französische Securité unterliegt " .
Außerdem wurden Telegramme und Telefonanschlüsse kontrolliert und überwacht .
" Ich weiß " , so Brentano , " dass beispielsweise in Mainz die Landesregierung , der Landtag , die Gerichtsbehörden , die politischen Parteien , die konfessionellen Verbände , der Bauernverband , das Regierungspräsidium , die Verlage , die Bischöfliche Kanzlei , der Bischof selbst , eine Anzahl von Anwälten , Landtags - und Bundestagsabgeordneten , bestimmte Firmen und Zeitungen dieser ständigen ...
There are currently no product reviews
The Obama administration recently pledged $ 8 billion for high - speed rail .
While just a fraction of the overall stimulus package and just a drop - in - the - bucket of what is needed to build a real national high - speed rail network , the funds generated considerable hub - bub and outright jubilation among regionalists , environmentalists , energy efficiency advocates , and those who have long fought for improved U.S. rail transit .
It also has encouraged a mad political scramble for funds as regions position for federal monies .
In Canada , there is a mounting drumbeat for high - speed rail connecting Windsor , Toronto , Ottawa , Montreal , and Quebec cities and also for connecting Vancouver to Seattle .
For starters , here 's a map of proposed U.S. high speed rail projects :
It 's clear that the U.S. and North America lag far behind countries like Japan with its Shinkansen or France with the TGV on high - speed rail connectivity .
But how to base decisions on what routes get funded ?
How to avoid a purely political outcome and create a framework for investing in high - speed rail that makes the most economic sense ?
There are many metrics - from population concentration to economic activity - which can be used to gauge the merits of high - speed rail routes .
But my own research on mega-regions provides a potentially useful framework for thinking about where and how to invest in a national high - speed rail system .
Mega -regions are large - scale economic units of multiple large cities and their surrounding suburbs .
My research team and I defined them using satellite images of the world at night to identify contiguous economic areas with more than five million people producing $ 100 billion or more in economic output .
The world 's 40 largest mega-regions account for two - thirds of all the global economic activity and 85 percent of the world 's technological innovation while housing just 18 percent of its people .
Here 's a map of North America 's mega-regions .
The largest of North America 's mega-regions is the great " Bos- Wash " mega-region initially identified by the geographer Jean Gottman .
It stretches down the east coast corridor encompassing the east coast cities of Boston , New York , Philadelphia , Baltimore , and Washington , D.C. , and is home to more than 50 million people and produces more than $ 2.2 trillion in economic activity .
Its economic output is greater than that of the UK and France and more than double that of India or Canada .
The second biggest , which Gottman dubbed " Chi-Pitts , " covers more than 100,000 square miles and is home to 46 million people , producing $ 1.6 trillion in economic output .
Taken together , America 's mega-regions produce more than three - quarters of its economic output and the lion 's share of its innovations ( see the table below ) .
EasyCampus is the affordable cloud - hosted LMS used
by leading nonprofits and companies .
Having pioneered multi - touch for its iPhone and iPod touch handhelds , Apple later extended the technology to trackpads on its Mac notebook line and now appears ripe to introduce the first iPod click - wheels with similar capabilities .
Though sales of the iPod touch have taken off in recent quarters , recent reports suggest that we have n't seen the last of click - wheel - based iPods , the next of which is expected to turn up this fall in the form of a fifth - generation iPod nano with a built - in digital camera and more compact circular scroll wheel .
This new nano could be the first iPod support multi - touch gestures through its click - wheel , according to recent patent filing discovered by AppleInsider this week that details methods for detecting " input gestures that traverse the center of the scroll wheel and to detect multi- touch input . "
More specifically , the 38 - page filing made just this past September describes a " multi- dimensional scroll wheel " that " can sense a moving object , such as a finger , as it is moved not only in a rotational manner but also in a linear manner across the center of the scroll wheel . "
This new breed of scroll wheel would also be capable of sensing more than one object at a time , such as multi - finger touch or motion .
" Applications can be enhanced by the improved range of input enabled by the scroll wheel circuitry , " Apple explained .
" For example , linear motion , such as a swipe across the scroll wheel , can enable an image browsing application to cause images , such as album cover pictures for example , to be transitioned across a screen . "
Multi - touch input , such as one finger touching an inner region of the scroll and another finger rotating in the outer region , can also enable a zooming application to cause a displayed image to be zoomed - in or out , depending on the direction of the rotation .
Similarly , a pinching or expanding of a user 's fingers can enable the zooming application to cause a zooming action .
" The scroll wheel circuitry can also bias the sensor element configuration according to the type of input event expected , " the filing adds .
" For example , if a particular application permits only linear motion input along a particular axis ( e.g. , a horizontal or vertical swipe ) , the scroll wheel circuitry can utilize only the sensor elements arranged along that path to sense for an input event .
By using less than all available sensor elements in this manner , the scroll wheel circuitry can achieve power savings . "
In the following segment on Hardball today , Mike Pence refuses to acknowledge that evolution is valid science and repeatedly dodges the science question .
In addition , he continues to perpetuate the talking point that there is major scientific opposition on global climate change .
: : : : : : : : : :
The original most popular selling blues guitar course since 2008 .
Blues Guitar Unleashed is being used by over 26,372 blues guitar players around the world with more students joining every day .
What makes Blues Guitar Unleashed unique is the systematic approach to blues playing .
Each of the 31 lessons follows the previous in terms of technique , skills , and concepts .
If you are an intermediate level guitar player the Blues Guitar Unleashed is the only course you 'll ever need to be ready to get on stage or in a group anywhere in the world at any time and feel confident and kill it .
Click Here To Learn More About Blues Guitar Unleashed And Order Your Copy --
ANN : Haskell protocol - buffers version 1.5.0
Hello all , I have just uploaded version 1.5.0 of the Haskell version to hackage .
The links for the three pieces are : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/protocol-buffers
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/protocol-buffers-descriptor
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/hprotoc
This catches up to Google 's version 2.1.0 , as described below : * Support for " repeated " fields for primitive type ( good arrays ! ) .
Note that using on an invalid field type will generate an error .
* NO support yet for the *_FIELD_NUMBER style constants *
It is now an error to define a default value for a repeated field .
* Fields can now be marked deprecated ( does nothing ) *
The type name resolver will no longer resolve type names to fields .
Note that this applies to type of normal and extension fields .
A lexer bug was founds and fixed by George van den Driessche , when a numeric literal in a proto file was followed immediately by a newline character .
Cheers , Chris
Why use iPod Video Converter software ?
i Pod Video Converter software can help you convert any movies and videos to iPod , iPod nano , iPod touch , iPod classic , iPod shuffle MP4 video formats .
And iPod Video Converter software provides rich options for you to edit video , such as setting movie effects , merging several videos , trimming any clip of video , cropping video size , watermarking your video and so forth .
With iPod Video Converter , you can enjoy any videos on you iPod .
How do we review iPod Video Converter Software ?
As a professional audio and video software web site , we will from the following aspects of the software carries on the comparison to facilitate the users to choose .
1. Feature Set
i Pod Video Converter software has some basic functions such as Tirm , Ctop , merge , oupput setting .
We will from the functional strength up to competitions .
2. Quality Guarantee
To give each product a proper ranking we looked at the stability of each product .
Stability encompasses the product 's ease of installation , available help , error messages and necessary additional downloads .
We believe that each DVD ripper software choice should be complete and ready to use from the time you purchase it , working without problems and providing necessary help as required .
3. Easy to Use
We will according to collecting the information of the user and a different brand of product interface , operation guide and other factors .
The combination of these factors we will use the product to convenience to give the most fair evaluation .
4. Ease of Installation
We will personally to try , and according to the time of installation , installation error probability and other factors evaluation is given .
Light armoured vehicles have been brought in to back up police at the scene of the Napier siege , where gunman Jan Molenaar is holed up in a house after allegedly shooting one officer dead and injuring three other men yesterday .
Police spokeswoman Kaye Calder said police asked the defence force for ``assistance with resources ' ' .
The army had responded by sending two light armoured vehicles .
Napier Mail DECEASED : Senior Constable Len Snee .
She declined to comment how police would use them to resolve the standoff , saying only they were serving in a support role .
Three schools were closed today in Napier as a precautionary measure .
Parents and caregivers of Napier Central School , Napier Intermediate and Nelson Park School were being asked to make alternative arrangements for their children .
Supplied INJURED OFFICER : Bruce Miller .
``Parents will be advised if the situation changes , '' said police spokeswoman Kris McGechan .
Road blocks were in place at several major intersections and commuters were being asked to take alternative routes .
About 30 armed offenders squad ( AOS ) members and other specialist police staff from across the North Island are continuing to surround the house , Ms Calder said .
Supplied INJURED OFFICER : Grant Diver .
Police had contacted Mr Molenaar by phone and were attempting to negotiate with him .
NewtalkZB reported members of the Special Tactics Group , the police counter - terrorist and tactical wing , had joined AOS officers in the cordon around the house .
The journalist at the scene also reported three armoured vehicles had arrived in the area around the house , where former army reservist Mr Molenaar was holed up with a rifle and possibly explosives .
.
Ms Calder declined to comment on whether other defence force staff specifically Counter Terrorist Tactical
Assault Group agents were also at the scene .
VICTIMS IN CRITICAL CONDITION
The two police officers and a member of the public who were injured in the Napier shooting are listed as critical , Police Minister Judith Collins said today .
Ms Collins , who was about to head for Napier , said she had been briefed on the situation .
`` The gunman has been continuing to fire shots , as it has been described to me on the hour , every hour , '' she said on Radio New Zealand .
Asked about the wounded officers and the civilian , reported to live near the scene of the shooting , Ms Collins said : ``I 've been told this morning they 've been listed as critical . ''
The wounded officers have been named as Senior Constable Bruce miller , 40 , a community constable , and dog handler Senior Constable Grant Diver , 50 .
The civilian has not been named .
Ms Collins said the evacuation was still going on as police removed neighbours or anyone who was in line of sight of the siege house .
``Obviously it 's a very big task , it 's a huge imposition on the people of Napier but the police say it has to be done , '' she said .
`` They have asked for certain resources , I can't go into that .
They 're planning for contingencies , it 's a very volatile situation . ''
HEAVILY ARMED
Friends of the alleged gunman , Jan Molenaar , say he is a former territorial soldier and likely to be heavily armed .
One person described him as a ``one - man army '' , and a friend told how he bade farewell to his partner as if he ``had already accepted his fate ' ' .
Peter Molenaar , one of Jan 's five brothers , said Jan sold a few tinnies to his mates , but was no big - time drug dealer and he had no gang connections .
He said his message to his brother would be to ``try and give yourself up ' ' .
`` .. but it 's hard to say at the moment what 's going through someone 's head . ''
Speaking to Radio New Zealand this morning Peter said he and his brother were ``very close '' and had last seen each other a fortnight ago .
His brother had told him he knew he was being watched by police , he said .
Peter Molenaar did not know whether he would ever see his brother alive again .
``I 'm not very sure about it .
The way it 's gone , it 's gone way out of my hands and it 's probably not likely . ''
His brother 's girlfriend , who left the house at the beginning of the police siege yesterday , rang him last night .
She told him : `` It was all under control and my brother just overreacted to the situation he flipped . ''
Peter Molenaar said he was ``very sorry for what 's happened here ' ' .
``I did n't find out until late in the morning what happened I just went into shock . ''
He said his family are very upset and have not been able to talk to their brother since the siege began .
The gunman spent most of yesterday under siege at his Napier home by heavily armed police after a drug search went tragically wrong .
Senior Constable Len Snee was killed and his colleagues Grant Diver and Bruce Miller and a neighbour were shot during an attempt to carry out a ``routine '' cannabis search warrant at 9.30 am .
`` This situation is a complete nightmare , perhaps it was a nightmare waiting to happen , '' said Molenaar 's friend and business partner Arthur Hyde .
`` The guy is a total Rambo , OK ?
I 've never met another person that 's fitter than him .
He 's a very good marksman , he 's just the wrong person .
Wrong person , wrong place , wrong time , the police should have f . th.th. ing known .
That 's their business . ''
Members of the police 's elite Special Tactics Group surrounded the Chaucer Rd property and attempted to negotiate with the gunman throughout yesterday .
Some attempts prompted fresh bursts of gunfire from the house .
The gunman also shot at police as they tried in vain to retreive Mr Snee 's body lying on the road beside his patrol car .
Police evacuated people from the area ; a woman in pyjamas was seen running from the gunman 's house .
A neighbour clutching his young child ran down the street , shielded by police .
Pupils at several schools and neighbours were ordered to stay put by police .
Molenaar 's friends said they doubted he would give himself up and police should not enter the house .
Molenaar was a part - time territorial force soldier , attached to the armoured corps , from 1982 - 88 , and friends believe he is heavily armed , and they suspect he may have ``wired the place '' too .
`` There 's enough there to take that house off the face of the planet , '' friend Tony Moore said .
Mr Moore said Molenaar said goodbye to his partner , who left the property a short time after the seige began , as if he intended to die .
`` He said ' Goodbye Hon ' , had a good blubber about it , and then : ' best you go ' .
So he 's already accepted his fate . ''
Mr Moore said he asked police to let him speak to Molenaar to talk him around but they rejected the offer .
Another friend Allan Roser described Molenaar as a ``one man army ''.
`` He 's like a special forces type of character .
It would n't surprise me if he had a bunker under there . ''
Mr Hyde sent Molenaar a text message yesterday morning telling him to give himself up but did not get a response .
The gunman 's mother , Anna , said she wanted to apologise to the dead officer 's family and those who were injured in hospital .
She was struggling to understand what had happened .
`` I do n't know why they grow up and become vicious , '' she told TV One 's Close Up .
`` What are they trying to protect ... a silly marijuana plant ?
What a thing to protect , take someone 's life .
Now someone has been shot and two others I can't quite believe it really . ''
She wanted to ask her son why he had not thought of the good things in his life , including his ``wonderful son ... he 's going going to have to put up with this for the rest of his life . ''
Woman Claims She Had an Affair With Carrie Prejean 's Mom Woman claims she had an affair with mom of anti-gay marriage beauty queen .
May 21 , 2009  --
That Miss California crown may be still firmly affixed to her head , but controversy wo n't stop swirling around Carrie Prejean and her family .
Valerie Vetrano , an openly gay sales rep from Corona , Calif. , claims she had a lesbian relationship with Prejean 's mom , Francine Coppola .
" I did date her , " she told ABCNews.com Wednesday evening .
" I 'm not going to deny it , but I 'm not going to say anything else . "
Vetrano , whose connection to Coppola was first reported by Star magazine , declined to comment on how long their relationship lasted but confirmed it ended " a couple weeks before Carrie Prejean was in the Miss USA competition . "
According to an unnamed friend quoted by Star , Coppola 's family knew nothing of her affair , although during her 1996 divorce from the beauty queen 's father , Wil Prejean , both parties made gay allegations against the other .
ABCNews.com 's attempts to reach Coppola and Vetrano for comment were unsuccessful Wednesday evening .
Prejean declined to comment through her representatives .
Prejean ignited a fire storm of scrutiny following the 2009 Miss USA pageant in April .
When asked whether she supported same - sex marriage by pageant judge Perez Hilton , Prejean replied , " I think it 's great that Americans are able to choose one or the other .
We live in a land where you can choose same - sex marriage or opposite marriage .
And you know what ?
I think in my country , in my family , I think that I believe that a marriage should be between a man and a woman .
No offense to anybody out there , but that 's how I was raised . "
While Hilton and others condemned her handling of the question , the 22 - year - old beauty queen defended herself via multiple media outlets and church guest stints .
Though she appeared in a PSA for the National Organization for Marriage , which campaigns against the legalization of same - sex unions , Prejean insisted she was n't close - minded .
She told " Access Hollywood " that her sister is a gay activist .
" My sister is a second lieutenant in the Air Force and she is a gay rights activist , " Prejean said , adding that her sister is not gay .
" She supports gay people , she supports gay marriage .
My beliefs have nothing to do with my sister or my mom , or whatever . "
Coppola Praised Prejean's Christian Values , Honesty
Shortly after , Prejean 's sister Christina told ABCNews.com she was surprised the beauty queen called her a gay activist .
" I have never even given myself that title .
I was kind of surprised that she mentioned it , but I think she wanted to get the point across that our family is tolerant , " Christina Prejean said , adding that she only recently got involved in gay rights activism .
Earlier this month , when Prejean 's title as Miss California USA was called into question because of her alliance with the National Organization for Marriage and a series of semi-nude photos that emerged on the Internet , Coppola said her daughter was being " persecuted " for her views .
" She was raised in a Christian home .
Marriage is between a man and a woman .
Now she 's being persecuted for speaking her opinion , " Coppola told the blog MomLogic.com .
" As a mother ... I 'm proud of her , that I raised a daughter that has morals , values , and integrity to speak the truth . "
ATHENS , Ga. -- Former University of Memphis forward Robert Dozier 's initial SAT score was invalidated by the company that scores the exam , and when he took the test a second time , he scored 540 fewer points , ESPN.com has learned through an open records request .
In addition , a person claiming to be a faculty member at his high school in suburban Atlanta wrote an anonymous letter to the NCAA Initial - Eligibility Clearinghouse questioning his score on the admissions test , records obtained from the University of Georgia show .
That prompted Georgia to deny Dozier admission .
He ended up at Memphis , where he helped lead the Tigers to the 2008 NCAA Final Four .
Former Memphis Tiger Robert Dozier talks with John Calipari in a 2009 game .
Marvin Gentry / US Presswire
This is the second time in recent weeks that a former Memphis basketball player has had his SAT scores questioned .
On Saturday , Memphis officials will appear before the NCAA Committee on Infractions in Indianapolis , where they will answer charges that Derrick Rose , who played only the 2007 - 08 season at Memphis before becoming the No. 1 pick in the NBA draft by the Chicago Bulls , cheated on his SAT while attending Chicago 's Simeon Career Academy .
Former Memphis coach John Calipari , now at Kentucky , is expected to participate in the hearing by phone from China , where is is on a previously scheduled trip .
Earlier this week , Memphis officials released the findings of an internal investigation , which turned up no proof that Rose had a stand - in take his SAT .
The Tigers also are accused of providing improper travel - related benefits to Rose 's older brother , Reggie .
Dozier 's academic credentials before enrolling at Memphis will not be included in Saturday 's hearing in Indianapolis .
By NCAA procedures , anything not included in the original letter of inquiry cannot be included in the hearing with the Committee on Infractions .
The NCAA could investigate the issue separately and give Memphis officials time to respond .
Asked Friday morning about the Dozier case , Memphis athletic director R.C. Johnson told ESPN.com 's Andy Katz : " We still feel comfortable about what we 've done and that we 've done all the do - rights , and time will tell .
You do n't want any of that stuff happening , but I 'm pretty comfortable we 've done all the things we 're supposed to do . "
Johnson added , " I thought we dotted all the I 's and crossed all the T's on that situation .
I know nothing different today than I did then . "
According to Dozier 's academic records , which were obtained by ESPN.com through Georgia open records laws , he took the SAT for the first time Dec. 6 , 2003 , about five months after he verbally committed to play for the Tigers .
He scored 1,260 of a possible 1,600 points ( the highest possible score at the time ) on the test , according to the records .
Health officials have apologised after a Sydney hospital told a man to go home and take painkillers for a broken neck .
Thirty - one - year - old Paul Curtis says he went to Ryde Hospital late on a Friday night in late May with a painful neck injury .
The Carlingford man says he was was forced to wait several hours and then told by the doctor that the X - ray unit was closed and he should go home and take some Panadol .
Mr Curtis returned to the hospital on Monday and a CT - scan showed his neck was broken .
He was rushed to Royal North Shore Hospital , with a doctor there giving a damning assessment .
" The doctor said I 'm lucky not to be a paraplegic , " Mr Curtis said .
He says he was shocked by the experience .
" Being told on the Monday afterwards that I am lucky to be alive ... you sort of go ' wow ' . "
He says it should be mandatory for hospitals to carry out immediate X - rays on patients with neck injuries .
Ryde Hospital 's emergency department head doctor Peter Roberts says the initial doctor did follow guidelines but it is clear they need reviewing .
" On behalf of Ryde Hospital we do apologise to Paul Curtis , " Dr Roberts said .
He says in future , patients with similar symptoms will be X - rayed .
The NSW Health Department says Ryde Hospital does operate a call - back system for radiologists after midnight , but says Mr Curtis 's medical notes do not make mention of the need for an X -ray .
Mercy James spends last days with playmates before she 's whisked away from Malawi for new life with Madonna
Mercy James is spending her final days in Malawi playing with friends , completely unaware her life is about to change beyond all recognition .
The four - year - old has been photographed enjoying the company of her nursery school classmates with a huge smile on her face as her new life with Madonna draws near .
New life ahead : A beaming Mercy James at her nursery school in Lilongwe , Malawi .
She will soon fly to New York to be with Madonna
Malawi's Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in April which said Madonna could not adopt Mercy James because she was not a resident of the southern African country .
Rights groups have accused the government of giving Madonna special treatment and said the case would encourage foreign celebrities to think they can adopt Malawian children at will .
Mercy 's father said Madonna , who is dating 22 - year - old Brazilian model Jesus Luz , should not be allowed to adopt Mercy .
Almost time to say goodbye :
The four - year - old with her young playmates
Bitter fight : Mercy 's father was against Madonna 's adoption bid
' No one wants to listen to me , I have protested this all along ...
I want my child back but I do n't know what to do now , ' James Kambewa said .
' Madonna can not take her away . '
There is little he can do now - the Supreme Court ruling cannot be challenged .
Kambewa said he quit his job as a security guard to fight the adoption and is being supported by his aunt .
According to tradition in southern Malawi , where Kambewa lives , a grandmother has more say in a child 's future than the father .
When Mercy 's mother died , Kambewa was powerless to stop his daughter being sent to an orphanage when she was three days old .
An Aids epidemic in Malawi has orphaned more than one million children and Madonna has set up a children 's charity .
Chief Justice Lovemore Munlo said the singer had shown an interest in helping Malawi orphans and that Mercy would have a better life with her .
He said a lower court had erred in turning down the adoption request .
Madonna and child :
The singer with Mercy during one of her visits to Malawi ( picture : Reuters )
' Madonna has shown that she is bold , and compassionate enough to come forward to adopt Chifundo James , ' he said .
In a statement , Madonna said : ' I am ecstatic ...
My family and I look forward to sharing our lives with her . '
Malawi's government came under fire after Madonna adopted a 13 - month - old child , David Banda , in 2006 , with critics accusing it of giving her special treatment by skirting laws that ban non-residents from adopting children .
' Of course we are disappointed with the ruling because we know that adoption should only be granted as the last resort , ' said Maxwell Matewele , executive director of the Eye on Child non-governmental organisation .
Madonna has entertained millions around the world with hits like Material Girl and Papa Don't Preach , creating a fair amount of controversy along the way .
The star , who was divorced last year from British film director Guy Ritchie , had enjoyed album sales of more than £ 200 million .
Toy boy : Madonna 's young boyfriend Jesus Luz left the singer 's side this week for a trip to Argentina
Figure 1 . Illustration of the habitable zone ( HZ ) boundaries as obtained by the two teams .
The upper part of the figure shows the HZ of the Sun ( at its present age ) .
The red curve shows only the most extreme outer limit of the HZ .
The actual outer boundary is indeed located somewhere between 1.7 and 2.4 AU .
The green limits show the boundaries of the photosynthetic zone as computed with the model by von Bloh et al .
The middle part of the figure shows the limits of the HZ of Gliese 581 computed with the atmospheric models from Selsis et al .
The lower part illustrates the boundaries of the photosynthetic zone computed with the geophysical models from von Bloh et al .
The boundaries are shown for several possible ages ( 5 , 7 , and 9 Gyr- old ) of the Gliese 581 planetary system .
Following the latest estimation , Gliese 581 would be 7 Gyr-old .
The purple bars surrounding planets Gliese 581 c and d illustrate the variable distance to the star caused by the eccentricity of the orbits .
Copyright Astronomy & Astrophysics .
More than 10 years after the discovery of the first extrasolar planet , astronomers have now discovered more than 250 of these planets .
Until a few years ago , most of the newly discovered exoplanets were Jupiter - mass , probably gaseous , planets .
Recently , astronomers have announced the discovery of several planets that are potentially much smaller , with a minimum mass lower than 10 Earth masses : the now so - called super - Earths .
In April , a European team announced in Astronomy & Astrophysics the discovery of two new planets orbiting the M star Gliese 581 ( a red dwarf ) , with masses of at least 5 and 8 Earth masses .
Given their distance to their parent star , these new planets ( now known as Gliese 581c and Gliese 581d ) were the first ever possible candidates for habitable planets .
Contrary to Jupiter - like giant planets that are mainly gaseous , terrestrial planets are expected to be extremely diverse : some will be dry and airless , while others will have much more water and gases than the Earth .
Only the next generation of telescopes will allow us to tell what these new worlds and their atmospheres are made of and to search for possible indications of life on these planets .
However , theoretical investigations are possible today and can be a great help in identifying targets for these future observations .
In this framework , Astronomy & Astrophysics now publishes two theoretical studies of the Gliese 581 planetary system .
Two international teams , one led by Franck Selsis and the other by Werner von Bloh , investigate the possible habitability of these two super - Earths from two different points of view .
To do so , they estimate the boundaries of the habitable zone around Gliese 581 , that is , how close and how far from this star liquid water can exist on the surface of a planet .
F. Selsis and his colleagues compute the properties of a planet ’s atmosphere at various distances from the star .
If the planet is too close to the star , the water reservoir is vaporized , so Earth - like life forms cannot exist .
The outer boundary corresponds to the distance where gaseous CO2 is then unable to produce the strong greenhouse effect required to warm a planetary surface above the freezing point of water .
The major uncertainty for the precise location of the habitable zone boundaries comes from clouds that cannot currently be modeled in detail .
These limitations also occur when one looks at the Sun ’s case : climate studies indicate that the inner boundary is located somewhere between 0.7 and 0.9 AU , and the outer limit is between 1.7 and 2.4 AU .
Figure 1 illustrates the Sun ’s habitable zone boundaries , compared to the case for Gliese 581 as computed both by Selsis and von Bloh .
W. von Bloh and his colleagues study a narrower region of the habitable zone where Earth - like photosynthesis is possible .
This photosynthetic biomass production depends on the atmospheric CO2 concentration , as much as on the presence of liquid water on the planet .
Using a thermal evolution model for the super - Earths , they have computed the sources of atmospheric CO2 ( released through ridges and volcanoes ) and its sinks ( the consumption of gaseous CO2 by weathering processes ) .
The main aspect of their model is the persistent balance ( that exists on Earth ) between the sink of CO2 in the atmosphere - ocean system and its release through plate - tectonics .
In this model , the ability to sustain a photosynthetic biosphere strongly depends on the age of the planet , because a planet that is too old might not be active anymore , that is , would not release enough gaseous CO2 .
In this case , the planet would no longer be habitable .
To compute the boundaries of the habitable zone as illustrated by Figure 1 , von Bloh assumed a CO2 level of 10 bars .
Figure 1 illustrates the boundary of the habitable zone as computed using both models and , for comparison , the boundary of the Sun ’s habitable zone .
Both teams found that , while Gliese 581 c is too close to the star to be habitable , the planet Gliese 581 d might be habitable .
However , the environmental conditions on planet d might be too harsh to allow complex life to appear .
Planet d is tidally locked , like the Moon in our Earth - Moon system , meaning that one side of the planet is permanently dark .
Thus , strong winds may be caused by the temperature difference between the day and night sides of the planet .
Since the planet is located at the outer edge of the habitable zone , life forms would have to grow with reduced stellar irradiation and a very peculiar climate .
Figure 1 also illustrates that the distance of planets c and d to the central star has strong variations due to the eccentricity of their orbits .
In addition , being close to the star , their orbital periods are short : 12.9 days for planet c and 83.6 days for planet d. Figure 1 shows that planet d might temporarily leave and re-enter the habitable zone during its journey .
However , even under these strange conditions , it might still be habitable if its atmosphere is dense enough .
In any case , habitable conditions on planet d should be very different from what we encounter on Earth .
Last but not least , the possible habitability of one of these planets is particularly interesting because of the central star , which is a red dwarf , M - type star .
About 75 % of all stars in our Galaxy are M stars .
They are long - lived ( potentially tens of billion years ) , stable , and burn hydrogen .
M stars have long been considered as poor candidates for harboring habitable planets : first because planets located in the habitable zone of M stars are tidally locked , with a permanent dark side , where the atmosphere is likely to condense irreversibly .
Second , M stars have an intense magnetic activity associated with violent flares and high X and extreme UV fluxes , during their early stage that might erode planetary atmospheres .
Theoretical studies have recently shown that the environment of M stars might not prevent these planets from harboring life .
M stars have then become very interesting for astronomers because habitable planets orbiting them are easier to detect by using the radial - velocity and transit techniques than are the habitable planets around Sun - like stars .
Both studies definitely confirm that Gliese 581c and Gliese 581d will be prime targets for the future ESA / NASA space mission Darwin / Terrestrial Planet Finder ( TPF ) , dedicated to the search for life on Earth - like planets .
These space observatories will make it possible to determine the properties of their atmospheres .
A third paper on the Gliese 581 planetary system has recently been accepted for publication in Astronomy & Astrophysics .
In this paper , H. Beust and his team study the dynamical stability of the Gliese 581 planetary system .
Such studies are very interesting in the framework of the potential habitability of these planets because the long - term evolution of the planetary orbits may regulate the climate of these planets .
Mutual gravitational perturbations between different planets are present in any planetary system with more than one planet .
In our solar system , under the influence of the other planets , the Earth 's orbit periodically evolves from purely circular to slightly eccentric .
This is actually enough to trigger the alternance of warm and glacial eras .
More drastic orbital changes could well have prevented the development of life .
Beust and his colleagues computed the orbits of the Gliese 581 system over 100 Myr and find that the system appears dynamically stable , showing periodic orbital changes that are comparable to those of the Earth .
The climate on the planets is expected to be stable , so it at least does not prevent life from developing , although it does not prove it happened either .
Source : Astronomy & Astrophysics
Native American boy 's long hair ruffles Needville ISD Native American beliefs clash with rural district 's dress code
Long hair does n't cut it , school says
Adriel Arocha 's parents consider his waist - length hair " sacred " and contend it reflects American Indian religious beliefs .
Adriel Arocha 's parents consider his waist - length hair " sacred " and contend it reflects American Indian religious beliefs .
Photo : ERIC KAYNE , CHRONICLE Photo : ERIC KAYNE , CHRONICLE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Native American boy 's long hair ruffles Needville ISD 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A small rural school district in Fort Bend County and a determined mother are tangled in a dispute over hair .
Michelle Betenbaugh says her 5 - year - old son , Adriel Arocha , wears his hair long because of religious beliefs tied to his Native American heritage .
But the leaders of the Needville school district have strict rules about long hair on boys and do n't see any reason to make an exception in his case .
The dispute illustrates a problem American schools have faced for decades : how to balance individual student rights against rules designed to maintain order and discipline in the classroom .
The case also shows that some rural Texas school districts often have stricter grooming codes that reflect the traditional or old - fashioned values of small - town America when compared to those in big -city school districts such as Houston's .
According to a legal expert , courts have repeatedly backed school districts in numerous lawsuits .
But the same courts have granted students and parents some rights when it comes to hairstyles tied to religion .
" Every sort of legal challenge that could spring into the creative mind of a lawyer has been brought , " said Joy Baskin , an attorney for the Texas Association of School Boards .
" Time after time , courts have said that it is not unreasonable to regulate dress and grooming . "
Baskin said legal rulings regarding challenges to hair codes on religious grounds let school districts grant exceptions .
Appeal to school board
Betenbaugh 's fight started in May when she told Needville school officials she planned to move to Needville from her Meadows Place home over the summer and enroll her son in kindergarten .
She told officials that Adriel had waist - length hair and she wanted to keep it that way .
She said her husband is of Apache heritage and the tribe 's religious practices call for men to wear their hair long .
" His dad is of Native American descent , so we have chosen to raise him with certain beliefs in place , one of them being that his hair is sacred and we do n't cut it , " she said .
But Needville administrators said the boy's hair would have to be cut .
Betenbaugh said she plans to appeal the decision to the school board Wednesday , and if the board rules against her she will fight in court .
Betenbaugh will be taking on the Needville Independent School District , a system of 2,596 students surrounded by farm and ranch country .
The town is tight - knit , and many of the children at the Needville schools are third - and fourth - generation students .
Superintendent Curtis Rhodes , a Needville High graduate himself , said he talked to Betenbaugh about the dispute and decided no exception should be granted to the rule .
" What is their religious belief that defies cutting hair and following our policies ? "
Rhodes said .
" They have not produced any information except they are Native American Indians . "
Rhodes said if the family can provide more specifics , the district would reconsider the case .
Needville 's dress and grooming code , which does not allow hair past the collar or eyes , is similar to other rural districts ' in the Houston region .
In the Devers school district in Liberty County , boys cannot wear hair below the collar .
" I would consider it pretty much a rural community with the basic tenets and beliefs that go with that , " said superintendent Larry Wadzek .
Wadzek said controversies over hair rarely come up and the district has never had to go to court over it .
Houston school district spokesman Norm Uhl said the district has no hair code and that individual school administrators set dress policies .
Baskin said school districts have had more success enforcing dress codes because courts have ruled that clothing can be disruptive , which creates distractions in the classroom .
No plans to move
A federal appeals court has said schools can also set rules about hair but that accommodations can be made for religious reasons .
" Religion is probably one of the few or only areas where students are going to be afforded a greater protection , " Baskin said .
Baskin said the reason rules regarding dress and grooming are imposed is that educators believe the classroom environment is more orderly with those guidelines in place .
" The students have better attendance , have better disciplinary behavior , and it has alleviated tension among students who might be distracted by dress , " she said .
Baskin said Texas has a religious freedom law that basically says a governmental unit can't pass a rule that infringes on a person 's good - faith exercise of religion unless an exemption would cause an undue hardship for the governmental unit .
Baskin said many Native American tribes include hair length as a religious belief and if the case is litigated , a court will have to consider a number of factors .
" Where does the religious tenet come from ?
Is it an organized religion or a personal set of beliefs ? " she said .
Meanwhile , Betenbaugh said she is ready to fight the Needville rule and has not considered moving to another school district with a less stringent hair code .
" It would just teach our son that it is easier to roll over and do what you 're told and not stand up for your rights , " she said .
eric.hanson@chron.com
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) is well known for producing strictly non-partisan , tightly controlled and pretty conservative ( as in careful not to overreach ) economic forecasts for the effects of legislation on the national economy .
These forecasts are usually quantitative in nature , giving dollar estimates for costs , benefits , savings , growth , and so on .
Which is one of the reasons why last week ’s release of the CBOs Potential Impacts of Climate Change in the United States was relatively unusual – it ’s remarkably quantitative for a body whose products are usually numbers .
Perhaps more unusual , however , is the fact that the CBO produced the summary in the first place .
Scientific summaries are usually the domain of the National Academies , NOAA , NASA , et al , not the budget office .
But this time Senator Jeff Bingaman ( D - NM ) , Chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee , requested that the CBO produce “ an overview of the current understanding of the impacts of climate change in the United States , ” with an emphasis on the uncertainties surrounding those impacts and the policy difficulties that fall out of the difficulties .
Here ’s a brief summary of the paper ’s findings regarding the effects of climate disruption on the United States :
U.S. temperatures are expected to increase ~ 25 % more in the U.S. than the global average , with Alaska increasing ~ 70 % more than global average .
Northern areas of the U.S. are expected to get more precipitation while southern areas ( esp. the Southwest ) are expected to get less , and severe precipitation events ( blizzards , severe thunderstorms possibly leading to flash flooding , etc. ) will become more common .
There ’s not enough information to make solid predictions about hurricanes , but more powerful storms are probable due to warmer ocean temperatures .
There ’s not enough information at this time to know how the El Nino or oceanic currents will be affected .
Sea level rise will cause significant flooding and more dangerous storm surges , especially along the Texas , Louisiana , Florida , North Carolina , and Maryland coastlines .
An unknown number of species will be at risk of extinction due to changing climate .
Agriculture will change , but how much is dependent on what region of the U.S. is affected and how : the West may become too dry to support current crops , California may become too hot for wine grapes , and so on .
But many areas are expected to be able to adapt by changing crops and / or changing when crops are sown and harvested .
Forests are expected to expand significantly , but this may cause additional problems in the Arctic .
Cold water fish species may go extinct or move north out of their traditional ranges and out of U.S. territorial waters .
Water supplies will become a major problem for the west while flooding and saltwater invasion of aquifers will produce water quality problems for significant parts of the rest of the U.S .
Energy demand ( driven by winter heating ) is expected to fall overall , and coastal / Arctic infrastructure will need to be repaired and improved more often .
Human health is expected to stay about the same , although the causes for mortality will change ( from cold to insect - borne disease , for example ) .
All in all , the CBO estimates that the cost to the U.S. by 2100 will be about 3 % of GDP , adjusted for inflation , for a 7 degree Fahrenheit increase in U.S. , but with a few important caveats .
The first caveat is that the studies the CBO based their estimated cost off of do n’t estimate the costs for the high end of temperature increases ( 13 degrees F or more ) and do n’t include all of the projected effects on the U.S.
The second caveat is there are non-economic effects ( species extinction , for example ) for which assessing value is difficult .
And the third caveat is that abrupt changes that are , definitionally , difficult or impossible to adapt to have not been included in the estimate .
Ultimately , the CBO says that the uncertainties are too large to really make good economic estimates of the costs .
Instead , the approach is more like risk assessment and mitigation than a cost / benefit analysis .
And the CBO concludes with a call for Congress to abandon carbon capitalism in favor of a carbon tax .
Apparently the economists at the CBO have n’t given up on convincing Congress that a carbon tax is a better way to go .
— — —-
HFC phaseout struggle at the White House
David Sassoon at SolveCliamte has been following the news of a significant struggle between the State Department and its allies and the White House economic team headed by Larry Summers .
The struggle is over whether the administration should support an ammendment to the Montreal Protocols to phase out hydrofluorocarbons ( HFCs ) or should include HFCs within the carbon capitalism regieme described in the Waxman - Markey draft American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 ( ACES ) .
The Montreal Protocol is the international treaty that phased out CFCs as a result of the discovery of the ozone hole over Antarctica .
While HFCs do n’t have the same ozone - destroying properties , they are very powerful greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) .
One ton of HFCs in the atmosphere acts like thousands of tons of carbon dioxide , and while releases of HFCs into the atmosphere are presently relatively small , the amount emitted is expected to grow dramatically .
If the HFCs were added to the Montreal Protocol , then they ’d be gradually phased out independently of other GHGs and would be replaced by new products that were weaker GHGs and did n’t persist in the atmosphere for as long .
And it appears that there are a number of other products already waiting in the wings to replace HFCs , so the phase out would likely be relatively painless .
However , it appears that the White House economic team may want HFCs included in the carbon market specifically because they ’re easy to replace .
Sassoon runs some quick math and concludes that , at $ 25 per ton of CO 2 equivalent , a ton of one common HFC would be $ 50,000 , so high a price that market manipulation becomes a real concern and the U.S. could potentially meet all it ’s CO 2 emissions targets exclusively by stopping HFC production .
Sassoon points out that this kind of manipulation has already been observed in the EU emissions trading program .
Keep tuned to Sassoon ’s blog at SolveClimate for more developments .
Image Credit :
CBO
Customers of Be Broadband have n't been able to get access to their favorite torrent sites for several hours , causing a widespread panic among BitTorrent addicts .
With the government pushing for tougher anti-piracy legislation many feared the worst .
They are safe for now though .
Earlier this week the UK government published the Digital Britain report where they introduced a whole range of anti-piracy measures .
They will first try to lower the piracy rate by sending out warnings to those who get caught , but if this fails users ’ access to “ file - sharing ” sites may eventually be blocked .
This might have been in the back of the minds of the Be Broadband users who found out that a variety of torrent sites including The Pirate Bay , Mininova and Torrentz were no longer accessible .
It did n’t take long before they started to complain to customer support on forums , IRC and Twitter .
“ Why are BitTorrent websites being filtered by my ISP ?!
Going through a proxy proves they ’re up , ” customer Andrew Mason hinted to Be Broadband on Twitter , and he was not the only one .
Similar reports came in on the Be Broadband forum and the topic of the IRC channel said “ Connectivity issues to Mininova and TPB and potentially other remote hosts for some customers ” .
So has Be Broadband decided that torrent sites are a no go for their customers ?
Luckily the support team on Twitter was quick to reassure its customers that the truth is not as evil as it seemed .
“ We ’re not blocking sites but trying to get to the bottom of the issue now , ” the Be Broadband team later replied , with a follow up message later .
“ On the access to torrent site issue : only certain IPs are experiencing connectivity issues to these sites .
Our network team is investigating . ”
Be Broadband gave out some more details on their forum writing “ There appears to be an issue affecting some of our IP ranges accessing some networks mainly in Sweden and the Netherlands regions .
Whilst a lot of the torrent sites may be hosted in this region . ”
Since most of the popular torrent sites are indeed hosted there , this does seem to explain why the problem appeared limited to torrent sites only .
And since they have many more visitors than most other sites hosted on these networks , a conspiracy is easily born .
Thus far the issues have n’t been resolved .
In 2008 I was involved in an April Fool ’s Day prank : a horde of science bloggers , under the sway of a charismatic yet psychotic leader , all conspired to publish the same fake story : that the NIH and European science funding bodies had decided to ban the use of grant funds by scientists who engage in “ brain doping ” , i.e. , mental performance enhancement through the use of pharmaceuticals .
The prank was relatively successful — enough so that mastermind Jon Eisen got calls from reporters pursuing it as a legitimate story — but we ca n’t take all the credit .
The fake story was believable in large part because it was so close to the truth : “ brain doping ” is actually very widespread , enough so that several entities in the mainstream media had already pondered its potential effects on the “ level playing field ” of academic science ( see the list in the original prank post ) .
Margaret Talbot ’s recent New Yorker piece is probably the longest and most comprehensive treatment of the subject I ’ve seen so far .
It starts with a discussion of brain doping by students but also considers their role in the workplace and the medical , ethical and sociological implications of cognitive enhancement ( though , happily , it does n’t spend very much energy hand - wringing over worst - case scenarios resulting from use and abuse of such approaches ) .
There ’s even a connection to lifespan extension ( link ) :
BRAIN GAIN : The underground world of “ neuroenhancing ” drugs And on Internet forums such as ImmInst , whose members share a nerdy passion for tweaking their cognitive function through drugs and supplements , people trade advice about dosages and “ stacks ” — improvised combinations — of neuroenhancers .
…
Seltzer considers himself a “ transhumanist , ” in the mold of the Oxford philosopher Nick Bostrom and the futurist writer and inventor Ray Kurzweil .
Transhumanists are interested in robots , cryogenics , and living a really , really long time ; they consider biological limitations that the rest of us might accept , or even appreciate , as creaky obstacles to be aggressively surmounted .
On the ImmInst forums — “ ImmInst ” stands for “ Immortality Institute ” — Seltzer and other members discuss life - extension strategies and the potential benefits of cognitive enhancers .
I ’ve argued before that there are profound similarities between some of the ethical issues raised by cognitive enhancement and those raised by lifespan extension , especially in the structure of the arguments underlying opposition to these kinds of intervention .
For those of us interested in expanding human longevity , it will be wise to keep abreast of the discussion .
Hi , everyone ,
I was just wondering if anyone who lives in the Phoenix , Arizona area saw the same light as my friends and neighbors did tonight , and if so , if you can tell me what it is .
Here 's a brief description :
At 7:44 pm , I received a phone call .
Around 8:00 , I listened to the message my friend left , who told me that he was driving home , and saw a bright light in the sky .
He wanted me to go out and see if I also saw it .
He told me to look in the northwest sky .
I immediately walked outside to the park next to my townhouse complex , and sure enough , I saw a very bright light in the sky .
VERY bright .
Airplanes were flying in that area also , but they looked tiny and very dim , compared to the light .
My neighbor walked into his house and brought out some binoculars .
He let me look through them , and what it looked like to me was maybe something that was rounded on one end and flat on the other , but very bright , so it was hard to make out the edges .
There also seemed to be a darker area in the center .
I called my friend in Tempe , who said that she could also see it .
I finally came in around 8:15 or so , because the light had n't moved for about a half an hour , so I figured it was probably a bright planet .
But I have never , ever in my life ever seen a planet that bright .
Anyone know if Venus is out this time of year ?
I got some pictures with my digital camera , but it only looks like a bright star .... but I "ll post them in a few minutes .
I tried to get one with a plane flying below it , but I think I snapped it too late .
----
Addendum : my friend just called and he told me he 's going to e-mail me the pictures from his cell phone .
He took the pictures when the sky was very light , and also when it was dark .
I do n't think it was a star , because it was too light for stars to come out when the sky was as light as it was when he first saw the bright light .
[ edit on 11-6-2009 by nikiano ]
Gardening is hot , hot , hot .
And why not ?
Planting a few seeds on your deck or in your backyard yields delicious , organic results – and money savings , too .
Besides , April is National Gardening Month !
You know the basics of how to start your own vegetable garden , but where do you go from here ?
Here are some crops that even the least green thumbed among you can tackle , and tips on how to make them flourish .
Tomato
Originating in South America , this plump red herbaceous perennial is rich in nutrients like niacin , potassium and phosphorous , antioxidants like lycopene , anthocyanin and carotene , and vitamins A , C and E . Tomatoes can add a juicy shot of flavor to a variety of dishes , such as salads , sandwiches and pasta .
After the last frost of winter has thawed , pick a spot in your yard that receives ample sunlight and test the soil ’s pH level – you want between 6 and 7 .
( To increase the Ph level , add lime .
To decrease it , add sulfur . )
Spread compost over this area and mix it with the soil .
Dig a hole for each seed , leaving at least a foot in between for growth , cover them and firmly pat down the soil .
Water them with a spray bottle a couple times per week .
Radish
Existing in shades of red , purple and white , these root vegetables were first cultivated thousands of years ago in Europe .
Radishes are a great source of potassium , folic acid , magnesium and calcium , and are commonly used in salad dressings or as a garnish for salads .
Radishes thrive in soil with a pH level of around 6 or 7 .
Till a sunny patch in your garden and plant the seeds ½ inch below the soil ’s surface with one inch of space between each .
Water them lightly every couple days .
Radishes are fast growers and should be ready to pull in several weeks .
Do n’t wait too long , or they ’ll begin to deteriorate .
Zucchini
In the late 1800s , spontaneous mutations of summer squashes yielded the first zucchini in Italy .
Typically shaped like a cucumber , this yellow or green vegetable is low in calories and chop full of potassium , folate and manganese .
Zucchini can be boiled , fried or steamed as a tasty side or stuffed and baked as a delectable entrée .
In a mound of composted soil a foot high and a couple feet wide , sow several zucchini seeds .
Space each mound approximately 3 feet apart , water them heavily every other day and wait for them to sprout in a couple weeks .
They should be ready to harvest about a month later .
Beet
Evolving from wild plants in the Mediterranean , the beet , or beetroot , has a fleshy root that can be boiled and eaten plain , tossed in a salad or used to make borscht .
Betaine , one of the primary nutrients in this deep red or purple vegetable , is known to improve cardiovascular health .
Clean and strengthen the seeds by soaking them in water at room temperature for a day .
Plow the soil and remove any stones from the top 3 feet .
Plant each seed 2 inches apart and water them at least once every day .
Carrot
This biennial root vegetable was first domesticated during the 10th century in modern - day Afghanistan .
Rich in vitamin A , antioxidants and dietary fiber , the carrot ’s orange color is a result of the carotene it synthesizes when growing .
Carrots are equally delicious as a healthy snack , in a side of steamed vegetables or even baked into a cake .
Leaving several inches in between holes , dig less than an inch deep and plant a couple of seeds in each .
Make sure that the soil stays moist but remember to water the carrots less as they begin to reach maturity .
Spinach
Early forms of this annual flowering plant were first found in the ancient world on the Indian subcontinent .
High in both iron and calcium , this green leafy vegetable is eaten plain , cooked in a quiche , used as a pizza topping and made into a chip dip .
Turn over the soil with compost and plant seeds less than an inch deep , placing them at least 2 inches apart to give room for growth .
Sow the soil a couple more times in the first month and keep this area well - watered .
Peas
Dating back to the Neolithic Age in Jordan , Syria and Turkey , peas grow in the seed - pod of a legume .
A good source of vitamins A , B and C , these small green spheres can be roasted for a tasty snack or thrown into stir - fries , casseroles and soups .
Cultivate the soil with nutrient - rich compost .
Keep in mind that your soil must drain well in order for peas for flourish .
Space each seed several inches apart and sow them one inch deep .
Freshly planted seeds require ½ inch of water every week , while more mature plants need a full inch .
Pepper
Native to Central and South America , these green , yellow , red or orange vegetables range in flavor from spicy to sweet .
Containing nutrients like thiamin , folate and manganese , peppers can be stuffed with rice and meat or give salads , salsa and pasta a zesty kick .
Till the soil with both compost and Epsom salts , which will make it rich in magnesium to help the peppers develop healthily .
Since they grow best in warm soil , sow the seeds a foot or more apart in raised beds .
Water them frequently , keeping the soil moist , or they may taste bitter once harvested .
Lettuce
Enjoyed in ancient Egypt as an aphrodisiac , lettuce is a good source of folic acid and vitamin A . Used as the primary ingredient in most salads , this green leaf vegetable , of which there are dozens of common varieties , can also be stuffed with various ingredients to make a lettuce wrap or top sandwiches , hamburgers and tacos .
When cultivating the soil with nutrient - rich compost , break up any chunks and remove debris .
Make sure that seeds are planted between 8 and 16 inches apart and water them every morning .
Avoid doing so at night because this could cause disease .
Onion
Archaeologists have traced the first known onions back to the Bronze Age in early Palestinian settlements .
Rich in dietary fiber , folate and vitamin C , these bulb - shaped vegetables add flavor to an assortment of foods , like dips , soups , salads , casseroles and much more .
Plow the soil a foot deep and get rid of debris .
Use parasitic nematodes to prevent maggots and cutworms from destroying the crop .
Plant the seeds a couple centimeters deep and several inches apart .
Weed this area frequently but gently and provide them with about an inch of water every week .
P.S. Bring out that green thumb with the complete guide to composting and tips for healthy soil .
Images : Ron1478 , Manjith Kainickara , clayirving , whitneybee , Nikki L. , colorline , ms .
Tea , Mzelle Biscotte , John of Austin , bcballard , Darwin Bell
Source : wikipedia
Yes , on the daily from those in a coo with the insurance companies ...
Home Page
You can't get much more egregiously wrong and wicked than the views expressed by al - Muhajiroun .
But they are currently operating in what I hope will be a very brief legal air - pocket .
As with the BNP , while they are legal and are being given a platform by independent organisations , they can not go unchallenged .
Some months ago I received an invitation to debate sharia law from something called the " Global Issues Society " ( GIS ) .
They claimed to be a student society .
I accepted the invitation in good faith and was assured – repeatedly – that the platform and chairperson were neutral ( the chair , as I later discovered , most certainly was n't ) .
My office was in regular communication with the GIS stipulating the conditions under which a safe debate could be had opposite an extremist like Choudary .
We were sceptical of GIS from the start .
We strongly suspected that they were some sort of front group .
But we could n't satisfactorily confirm the fact .
Despite our concerns , and our knowledge that it was a possible ambush , I gave them the benefit of the doubt and decided to attend the event in good faith .
It became clear as soon as people arrived that it was an ambush .
We had been assured by GIS that security guards would be hired , but there was a problem – they were members of al - Muhajiroun .
Their only purpose was to ensure the men and women remain segregated – a condition never stipulated to us by GIS and a gender - apartheid which I would never accept at any event I was speaking at .
Before I even arrived a member of the public was assaulted and a mini-riot ensued .
I was advised to keep away from the hall until the arriving police had got a hold on the situation .
Of course I have no " supporters " or " followers " who attend my talks .
I do n't have a " faction " .
I am just one voice who people can either agree with or – more commonly in these pages at any rate – disagree with .
The easy thing to do is to turn down invitation to debates like these .
I speak at various events , including student societies , several times a week .
I can't think of the last time I spoke at an event where a majority of people agreed with me .
But the point of free - speech is n't continuous and tedious hymn - singing .
Audiences I speak to are often openly hostile and I know my arguments might fall on deaf ears with 99 % of the audience .
Yesterday I was surrounded on the street by 100 thugs yelling " fucking kuffar " and " coward " .
There was some pretty pathetic homophobic abuse too .
The easy thing to do is to ignore these people .
But I do n't think we can .
I have had too many experiences of finding just one person or a couple of people , usually young , who have genuinely never had their minds opened up by contrary opinions .
Even when they do n't agree with a new opinion , they can at least become aware that the point of free societies is that we do n't agree .
On anything .
And certainly – for well known reasons – never unanimously .
Never finally .
The debate is the thing .
At events I regularly meet young Muslims and non-Muslims who have simply never heard arguments put for why liberal democracy is , though not perfect , our only achievable , messy , hope .
I think it important that they hear someone speaking in defence of religious pluralism , women 's rights , gay rights , and actual diversity in society .
I also think it important that they hear religions critiqued , satirised and treated in the same robust manner in which the rest of us have our most cherished ideas treated .
Past experience across the country has shown it is even possible to chip away at the mindset of radicalised Muslims – sowing seeds of doubt .
Even if it is just one member of the audience who is receptive to the anti-totalitarian possibility it is vital to do this .
It is the reason why I debate .
Some people will say that al - Muhajiroun should not be given the oxygen of publicity .
Yesterday showed why bringing them out in the open and challenging their ideas is necessary .
It reminds the government , the press and British citizens of the true nature of these fundamentalist thugs who are not just going to disappear .
Not since Oswald Mosley 's British Union of Fascists ( BUF ) have we seen intimidation like this on the streets of London .
Like the BUF , they will resort to violence the moment their fascist views are challenged .
Every piece of publicity al - Muhajiroun gain is additional ammunition to encourage the government to shut down a group whose members have regularly exceeded our incitement laws and even involved themselves in acts of terror .
Centre for Social Cohesion research ( pdf ) shows that one in seven Islamist - related terrorist convictions are related to al - Muhajiroun .
I asked Anjem Choudary about this on the pavement yesterday .
He said that I was a liar .
He said that the police were liars , that the courts were liars and that the whole system of the state was a liar .
And when I quizzed him about his convicted terrorist friends ?
" Muslims are always innocent " he said .
And there you have it .
I thought he thought that .
I thought he would n't say that .
But he did .
As I was reminded in various ways the other night , it 's always good to know exactly what kind of an extremist it is that you 're dealing with .
Intel has announced the availability of the first Moblin 2 beta release .
This version introduces the platform 's innovative new user interface .
Although there are still some rough edges , it delivers impressive usability and aesthetic sophistication .
I tested the beta on my Dell Mini 9 netbook so that I could get a real hands - on look at the new version .
Moblin is Intel 's Linux - based based mobile platform for netbooks and MIDs .
It is heavily optimized for the Atom processor and is designed to work well on small form - factor devices .
The project is gaining significant traction among Linux distributors and many have partnered with Intel to participate in the development effort .
Individual distributors will integrate Moblin components into their own netbook platforms or build their own derivatives .
Moblin and its various components are distributed under open source software licenses , which means that it can be freely modified and redistributed .
Intel recently turned over control of the project to the Linux Foundation with the aim of making it even more open to other contributors .
The long - term goal is to turn Moblin into the nexus of mobile Linux development and make it the de facto standard Linux platform for portable devices .
Intel has provided several alpha releases this year which have demonstrated the platform 's broad hardware compatibility , excellent boot performance , and other technical features .
The alpha releases , however , did not include Intel 's unique user interface components .
A lightweight Xfce layer was used instead as a placeholder .
In the new beta release , Intel has finally unveiled its new graphical shell , a highly specialized desktop environment that is designed to provide an optimal user experience on netbook devices .
The new interface is built with Clutter , an open source scene graph framework that supports hardware - accelerated rendering .
Clutter was created by OpenedHand , an open source startup that Intel acquired last year .
The Clutter framework is closely aligned with the GNOME ecosystem and has been adopted by several prominent vendors that are building Linux platforms with GNOME technology .
Clutter is used pervasively in Nokia 's next - generation Internet Tablet operating system and will also be used in the next major version of ACCESS 's smartphone operating system .
Unlike Android , Moblin 's graphics stack includes a standard Xorg server and can run conventional desktop Linux applications .
Much of the software that is available today on mainstream Linux distributions can be brought to Moblin without requiring any porting effort .
In fact , the beta includes quite a few standard GTK + applications , such as GEdit .
The new Clutter - based shell differentiates Moblin 's user experience from a conventional desktop distro .
A tabbed panel that slides down from the top of the screen provides task management functionality , application launchers , and easy access to much of the platform 's underlying multimedia , social networking , Web , and productivity capabilities .
Moblin uses an unusual task management paradigm that is well - suited to mobile devices .
Applications are organized into " zones , " which are loosely analogous to virtual desktops .
When I launch an application , the shell will automatically create a new zone in which to house the program 's windows .
When all of the windows in a zone have been closed , the shell will automatically remove the Zone .
The zones tab on the Moblin panel will display thumbnail previews of all of the windows in each zone .
You can switch to a certain zone or window by clicking , and you can move windows between zones by dragging and dropping the thumbnails .
The zones tab in the shell is Moblin 's replacement for the conventional taskbar .
The applications tab displays launchers for the software installed on the system .
The launchers are organized into categories and are searchable .
When the cursor is hovering over a launcher , a pin icon will appear in the top right - hand corner .
The user can click the pin to make the application show up in the favorites list at the top of the launcher tab .
The user 's favorite applications will also show up on the home screen , which we will examine later in this article .
Social networking and instant messaging features are an important part of Moblin .
The platform includes Empathy , GNOME 's open source instant messaging client , which is built on the telepathy presence and messaging framework .
In the beta release , I was able to configure Empathy to connect with my Google Talk account .
When Empathy is running , the user 's contacts will appear in the People tab along with their buddy icons .
Users can start new conversations by clicking on one of the contacts .
Responding to repeated reports that the National Security Agency 's surveillance dragnet is continuing to intercept Americans ' purely domestic communications in the millions , the New York Times editorial board is calling on Congress to repeal the deeply - flawed FISA Amendments Act ( FAA ) , which broadly expanded the government 's spying powers while immunizing the phone companies that illegally cooperated with the NSA program .
Here 's an excerpt of the editorial , entitled " The Eavesdropping Continues " , but we encourage you to visit the Times ' site to read the whole thing :
[ L ] awmakers should be clear about how this happened : last year , 293 members of the House and 69 senators voted for a dangerous and mostly unnecessary expansion of the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which protected Americans from unwarranted government spying for 30 years ....
Many critics of the legislation , including this page , said that the powers given to the government to eavesdrop were too broad , that the limits placed on them were too vague and that the remedies for error or deliberate violations were too weak .
We do not believe that Mr. Obama is deliberately violating Americans ’ rights as Mr. Bush did , and it is to his credit that the government acknowledged part of the problem in April .
But this nation ’s civil liberties are not predicated on trusting individuals to wield their powers honorably .
They are founded on laws .
The 2008 expansion of FISA is a deeply flawed law .
Congress needs to repeal it and re-examine , carefully this time , what powers the government really needs to eavesdrop on Americans and what limits and safeguards need to be placed on those powers .
EFF is proud to stand with the Gray Lady in calling for the repeal of the FAA , and hopes that more editorial boards will join in the call .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , for one , pledged last year when the FAA passed that the Senate would revisit the issue this Fall as Congress considered whether to renew USA PATRIOT
Act provisions that are set to expire .
House Speaker Pelosi has also said that FISA may have to be revisited during the PATRIOT debate , and we aim to turn that " may " into a " must " .
We have a fighting chance at fixing the NSA spying problem once and for all , this year .
But the government wo n't give up its new power without a fight , and we 'll never succeed without your help .
So please help get the ball rolling : for all of you Deeplinks readers who 've never taken the opportunity to make your voice heard on the NSA spying issue , now is your chance : mail , fax or email a copy of the New York Times ' editorial to your representatives in Congress and let them know that you want the NSA 's domestic spying to stop !
Honduras - The CIA Never Quits by Gary Sudborough
Monday Jun 29th , 2009 4:50 PM
The United States has a long history of interference in Latin America and the recent coup in Honduras may be part of that .
Just after I had written three articles about the alleged voter fraud , street demonstrations and violence in Iran being a classic example of a CIA destabilization operation because of Iran 's oil , and even more importantly its strategic location , there is a coup in Honduras , which certainly suggests another CIA operation .
Two of the leaders of the Honduran coup are School of the Americas graduates .
The School of the Americas at Fort Benning , Georgia has trained some of the most brutal dictators and death squad leaders in Latin America .
Two of those who immediately come to mind are the former brutal dictator of Guatemala , Rios Montt , and the Salvadoran death squad leader , Roberto d'Aubuisson , who was responsible for the murder of Archbishop Oscar Romero in El Salvador .
The names of these Honduran SOA graduates are General Vasquez and General Suazo , the first from the army and the latter from the air force .
President Zelaya , the victim of the coup , was flown to Costa Rica and the ambassadors from Cuba and Venezuela were arrested .
It is very reminiscent of the time when President Aristide of Haiti was arrested by US forces and flown to the Central African Republic .
President Aristide was trying to raise the wages of the sweatshop workers employed by American corporations in Haiti , and this situation simply could not be tolerated .
President Zelaya , being a leftist , was probably trying to do something for the poor in Honduras , also .
The history of US involvement in Honduras in very interesting .
The United Fruit Company set up many banana plantations there .
There were US military interventions in Honduras in 1903 , 1907 , 1911 , 1912 , 1919 , 1924 , and 1925 .
These were the so - called Banana Wars and occurred in other countries in the region , as well .
There was a massacre of banana workers working for the United Fruit Company in Colombia in 1928 , during which the Colombian military machine - gunned an unknown number of people .
In fact , marine Major General Smedley Butler mentions his military operations in Honduras in his famous speech where he refers to himself as having been a " high class muscle man for big business , for Wall Street and the bankers . "
The next very memorable period in Honduran history is when John Negroponte was ambassador to that country from 1981 to 1985 .
He supervised the construction of the El Aguacate air base where Honduran and Argentinean graduates of the School of the Americas trained the Contras in torture and other methods of counterinsurgency warfare , so that they could conduct their illegal and immoral war against Nicaragua .
This base was also a torture and detention center in itself .
In 2001 the base was dug up and found to contain the bodies of 185 people including two Americans .
John Negroponte , also , collaborated with Battalion 316 , which was a Honduran death squad responsible for the disappearances and deaths of hundreds of people .
John Negroponte was later made ambassador to Iraq in 2004 and afterward held a cabinet level post , newly created by then President George W. Bush called Director of National Intelligence .
One can only wonder what havoc Ambassador John Negroponte created in Iraq .
All the deadly bombings and religious violence between Sunnis and Shias have his fingerprints all over them .
Divide and Conquer !
I do n't know how this present coup will turn out .
The United States has condemned the coup , but that is obviously just rhetoric .
Hugo Chavez and other Latin American leftist Presidents like Evo Morales have condemned the coup , as well .
Hugo Chavez has even threatened military action if the Venezuelan embassy in Honduras is threatened , but this is just rhetoric , also , because he can't confront the military might of the United States , which would probably intervene for the present thugs in Honduras .
I know there wo n't be any twittering out of Honduras , like there was in Iran , and there will be no hourly coverage on the news media of any demonstrations by the Honduran people .
Given the fact that Zelaya is a leftist , this is a coup that is undoubtedly favored by United States , and the corporate media would like to send it down the memory hole as fast as possible , while keeping demonstrations in Iran in prime time news coverage .
I ’ve been planning a post with reviews of lots of the books I ’ve been reading , but have n’t got to it .
So , I ’m going to post a couple now , and try to get back to it later .
Here ’s a review of Akerlof and Shiller Animal Spirits
p.p1 {margin : 6.0 px 0.0 px 0.0 px 0.0 px ; text - align : justify ; font : 16.0 px Century Schoolbook ; min-height : 19.0px}
p.p2 {margin : 6.0 px 0.0 px 0.0 px 0.0 px ; text - align : justify ; font : 12.0 px Century Schoolbook}
p.p3 {margin : 6.0 px 0.0 px 6.0 px 54.0 px ; text - align : justify ; font : 12.0 px Century Schoolbook}
p.p4 {margin : 6.0 px 0.0 px 0.0 px 0.0 px ; text - align : justify ; font : 12.0 px Century Schoolbook ; min-height : 15.0px}
p.p5 {margin : 6.0 px 0.0 px 6.0 px 51.0 px ; text - align : justify ; text - indent : - 51.0 px ; font : 12.0 px Century Schoolbook}
When starting a new book , it is often tempting to skip the introduction and get straight to the main body of the argument .
That would be a mistake in the case of Akerlof and Shiller ’s Animal Spirits .
The crucial innovation of the book is described in the opening pages , where Akerlof and Shiller say
The economics of the textbooks seeks to minimise as much as possible departures from pure economic motivation and from rationality .
There is a good reason for doing so – and each of us has spent a good portion of his life writing in this tradition .
The economics of Adam Smith is well understood .
Explanations in terms of small deviations from Smith ’s ideal system are thus clear , because they are posed within a framework that is already very well understood .
But that does not mean that these small deviations from Smith ’s system describe how the economy actually works
Our book marks a break with this tradition .
In our view , economic theory should be derived not from the minimal deviations from the system of Adam Smith [ needed to provide a plausible account of observed outcomes ] but rather from the deviations that actually do occur and can be observed .
Before returning to the critical implications of this idea , it is worth looking at the way Akerlof and Shiller use it .
The book starts with five deviations from the standard model of rational maximization ( confidence , fairness , corruption , money illusion and stories ) and argue that some combination of these can be used to explain a range of economic outcomes inconsistent with the standard model .
The most immediately interesting applications of this idea are to the question of why economies fall into recession and depression , and what can be done about it .
In addressing this question , it is natural to start with observations of the 19th century business cycle , before the development of active monetary and fiscal policies .
Akerlof and Shiller look first at the 1890s Depression in the US , which they describe as the second - worst in US history , before turning the exception of the Great Depression .
As with conventional accounts , Akerlof and Shiller begin with the Silver Purchase Act of 1890 and the Panic of 1893 .
But , they argue , there was no rational reason for a government shift towards bimetallism to lead to a banking panic .
Rather , they argue , that concern over the silver policy led to a loss of confidence , and experience of past banking panics led people to conclude that their deposits were at risk .
Withdrawals generate panic , which further erodes confidence .
This fits their more general account of a ‘ confidence multiplier ’ .
To this fairly standard account , Akerlof and Shiller add a discussion of the cyclical growth and exposure of corruption , broadly in line with Galbraith ’s idea of the ‘ bezzle ’ which they mention in a footnote .
The ‘ bezzle ’ is the amount of undiscovered embezzlement or fraud in the system at any given time .
It grows during boom periods when those who misappropriate money to engage in speculation can make profits sufficient to return the money before they are detected .
As the boom turns into a bubble , the rewards to embezzlement increase and the bezzle grows apace .
But with the bursting of the bubble , companies go bankrupt , their accounts are opened for inspection , and embezzlement is exposed .
The guilty ( at least those who did not cash out in time ) are punished , more stringent standards are imposed and the bezzle shrinks to low levels as the economy reaches the bottom of the cycle .
Akerlof and Shiller focus on the interaction between the exposure of corruption , inevitable with the bursting of a bubble , and the effects of declining confidence and loss of faith in fairness on ‘ animal spirits ’ in the economy .
These factors then affect the kind of ‘ stories ’ people tell about the economy .
In bubble periods , as Shiller has shown in previous work , stories about a ‘ New Economic Era ’ emerge in which prosperity will be unending and old - fashioned constraints , such as the need for careful accounting , no longer apply .
In the 1890s , stories focused on the railroads and the opening up of the West .
A century later , during the dotcom bubble of the late 1990s , the central role was played by the Internet , but the narrative was essentially unchanged .
Akerlof and Shiller add a new element to the analysis , looking at the fearful stories that circulate during periods of depression .
This is the idea that in such periods , people will lose faith in the existing economic system and propose radical changes .
Under such circumstances , owners of capital will be less willing to invest .
Akerlof and Shiller cite both the bitter 1896 election campaign , and fears in the 1930s that the New Deal would lead to the end of capitalism and the adoption of a largely socialist system .
This analysis has some problems , particularly regarding the idea that the threat of radical reform discourages investment .
Class conflict does not disappear , and is sometimes exacerbated , in periods of prosperity .
And , in many respects , the likelihood of a shift towards socialism seemed even greater in the immediate aftermath of World War II ( Hayek ’s Road to Serfdom was published in 1944 ) than during the Depression .
Yet despite a greatly expanded role for government , business investment boomed .
The defining feature of recession , for most people is unemployment .
Here , Akerlof and Shiller present a fairly standard money illusion story , as to why workers resist money wage cuts .
In addition , they argue that considerations of fairness mean that workers will resist having their wages cut when others have not experienced the same cut .
This analysis has some policy implications that are worth noting .
Most obviously , to the extent that fairness is important , a centralised wage fixing system should do a better job than the decentralised plant - by - plant bargaining typical in the US .
An obviously relevant instance is the Premiers ’ Plan adopted in Australia during the Great Depression , which included across the board cuts in wages , pensions and interest paid to Australian ( but not overseas ) holders of government bonds , along with cuts in government expenditure .
Evaluations of the Premiers Plan have differed widely , both at the time and subsequently .
The adoption of the Plan was followed by a substantial economic recovery , but unemployment levels remained above 8 per cent throughout the 1930s .
So , it seems as if more than real wage adjustments may be needed to bring the economy out of a low - employment equilibrium .
Arguably , the most important implication of money illusion is the existence of a Phillips - curve tradeoff between unemployment and inflation .
Since , the expectations - based critique of Friedman and Phelps , the standard textbook view has been that such a trade - off exists only in the short run and that the long - run Phillips curve is vertical .
Akerlof and Shiller present a variety of arguments to suggest that , for low rates of inflation ( between zero and two per cent ) , there will be a significant trade off , with the reduction from two per cent to zero entailing a long - term increase in unemployment of 1.5 percentage points .
Although most textbooks maintain a vertical long run Phillips curve , the experience practice of central banks in the period of inflation targeting suggests that the Akerlof - Shiller viewpoint is widely accepted .
Most central banks have adopted target ranges of 2 - 3 per cent and , as Akerlof and Shiller note , countries such as Canada and New Zealand that have chosen lower targets have mostly abandoned them as a result of poor macroeconomic outcomes .
One difficulty with the discussion here , and indeed with most macroeconomic discussions of inflation is that the index number problem associated with inflation measures is ignored completely .
In an environment where the quality - adjusted prices of some durable goods , such as computers , are declining at 30 - 50 per cent per year , and the consumption of these goods ( again , quality adjusted ) is growing strongly , while most other prices are rising gradually , the range of inflation measures consistent with the Laspeyres - Paasche bounds will be very wide .
Given that households form their estimates of inflation from regular purchases of goods that are rising in price , and occasional purchases of goods that are becoming cheaper , their estimates of inflation are likely to be inexact .
Inflation estimates are likely to be made on the basis of heuristics such as representativeness and availability , discussed by Kahneman and Tversky among others .
An analysis of inflationary expectations drawing on such ideas would , of course , be entirely consistent with the approach espoused by Akerlof and Shiller .
And this brings us back to the big methodological question posed in the introduction : how will economics change if modelling of human behavior based on perfect or near - perfect rational optimisation is replaced or heavily modified by consideration of ‘ animal spirits ’ .
One obvious implication will be to reduce the gap between economics , where rational optimisation is standardly assumed , and the other social sciences , where rational choice models of behavior are either absent or represent a minority view .
This gap has been narrowing in recent decades .
Economists modelling problems of choice under uncertainty and over time have adopted broader notions of rationality , such as generalized utility theories and models of hyperbolic discounting .
In other social sciences , functionalist and structuralist models , where humans are modelled as passive bearers of social or class roles , have largely given way to frameworks in which humans are seen as undertaking purposive , if not perfectly rational , action in the pursuit of meaningful , if not always perfectly consistent , goals .
Even more significant are the implications for the style of economic explanation .
The assumption that individuals maximize the lifetime utility derived from the consumption of goods and services traded in competitive markets forms the basis of a large and highly formalised body of analysis .
As Akerlof and Shiller observe , much of the work of modern economics consists of modifying the assumptions of the standard model and deriving implications for the existence and characteristics of market equilibria .
A crucial requirement , for work of this kind to be regarded as a valid contribution , is the maintenance of the same analytical rigour used in the derivation of the standard results , as represented , say , by the Arrow - Debreu theory of general equilibrium .
It seems likely that , in most areas of microeconomic theory , the demand for rigour will prevail .
That is , the profession will prefer to develop sharp results on the consequences of limited deviations from rational optimisation rather than discussing more realistic representations of consumer psychology that do not have clear - cut implications for market behavior .
This preference was evident in the Friedman - Samuelson methodological debates of the 1950s .
This prediction about preferences arises from the observation that , in most areas of application , neoclassical microeconomics is seen as an empirical success .
As regards ‘ standard ’ markets for goods and services are few major anomalies seen as representing a challenge to the standard paradigm , From partial equilibrium estimates of the impact of tax changes to computable general equilibrium analyses of trade policy , neoclassical microeconomics is seen as providing answers that are good enough for policy work and better than any likely competitor .
The main exceptions to this pattern are in labour and asset markets , and , unsurprisingly , these are the areas where Akerlof and Shiller point to the importance of animal spirits .
Wages are much stickier than theory suggests , while asset prices are much more volatile .
These are markets that play a major role in macroeconomic thinking , and indeed the biggest implications of the Akerlof - Shiller argument are for the ‘ new Keynesian ’ macroeconomic approach with which both have long been associated .
The central theme of new Keynesianism was the need to respond to the demand , from monetarist and new classical critics , for the provision of a microeconomic foundation for Keynesian macroeconomics .
As Akerlof and Shiller note above , the research task was seen as one of identifying minimal deviations from the standard microeconomic assumptions which yield Keynesian macroeconomic conclusions , such as the possibility of significant welfare benefits from macroeconomic stabilization .
Akerlof ’s ‘ menu costs ’ arguments , showing that , under imperfect competition , small deviations from rationality generate significant ( in welfare terms ) price stickiness , are an ideal example of this kind of work .
New Keynesian macroeconomics has been tested by the current global financial and macroeconomic crisis and has , broadly speaking , been found wanting .
The analysis of those Keynesians who warned of impending crisis combined an ‘ old Keynesian ’ analysis of mounting economic imbalances with a Minskyan focus on financial instability .
Similarly , the policy response to the crisis , which seems to be having some positive effects , has been informed mainly by old - fashioned ‘ hydraulic ’ Keynesianism , relying on massive economic stimulus to boost demand .
The opponents of Keynesianism have retreated even further into the past , reviving the anti-Keynesian arguments of the 1930s and arguing at length over policy responses to the Great Depression .
There is of course , still a need to explain why wages do not adjust rapidly to clear labour markets in the face of an external financial shock .
But , in an environment where the workings of sophisticated financial markets display collective irrationality on a massive scale , there is much less reason to be concerned about the fact that such an explanation must involve deviations from rationality , and seeking to minimise those deviations .
Rather , as Akerlof and Shiller suggest , a sensible theory of wage determination should be derived from behavior that actually occurs and can be observed .
Undoubtedly , the time is right for a reassessment such as that proposed by Akerlof and Shiller .
Although their book was written before the full extent of the crisis became apparent ( it includes a brief , last - minute response ) , they have drawn on the lessons of earlier fluctuations to provide an analysis that seems far more promising than the elaborate macroeconomic models that failed to predict the crisis or even to provide an adequate diagnosis after the fact .
The shift towards a more realistic economics , based on actual human behavior rather than idealised notions of rationality , has been gathering pace for some time .
Animal Spirits may become its popular manifesto .
Akerlof , G.A. and Shiller , R.J. ( 2009 ) Animal Spirits : How Human Psychology Drives the Economy , and Why it Matters for Global Capitalism , Princeton University Press ,
<p
El aspirante a la alcald�a de San Pedro Garza Garc�a , Nuevo Le�n , Mauricio Fern�ndez Garza , estableci� contacto con el c�rtel , con el que consensu� su plan de seguridad
Viernes 12 de junio de 2009
Redacci�n | El Universal
You might not see how the past affects your ability to reach goals in the future .
How can your past life affect what ’s going to happen in years ahead ?
It is really quite important to understand that your past experiences affect you strongly in all you do .
Some of these past experiences may hinder you directly in working towards a goal and some might just be slight hurdles .
In all cases these memories can affect you as to how well you do when heading towards a new goal .
Some of you go through life dragging an imaginary anchor around with you .
It slows you down , it makes you unable to react to the changes in your life and it certainly weighs you down when trying to work towards new goals .
Releasing that weight would enable you to move quicker and succeed more easily .
Perhaps that ’s you holding on to past hurts , past incompletes , past resentments , anger or fear .
Yet letting go of those anchors could be what you need so that you can fly into the future .
Have you allowed past failures to slow you down in achieving new successes ?
Have you remembered a friend telling you that you will never achieve anything ?
Do you remember the teacher at school who told you , you were an idiot and could n’t do anything anyway ?
Read
What about your parents ?
Did they always encourage you as much as you thought you needed ?
Did they support you with your school activities and sporting endeavours or did they show no interest ?
What have those people done to your confidence in moving forward and achieving new successes ?
Have they kept you back because you remembered what they said about you ?
Do your memories of anger , resentment and desire for revenge make you waste valuable energy that could be used to better effect in attaining success ?
It ’s important to move forward in your life with love and forgiveness .
Forgive those who have hurt you , who might have lied to you or stolen from you .
Maybe they gossiped behind your back or cheated on you .
That does n’t mean you condone their action , but just that you are letting go .
Letting go will release all that negative energy and will provide you with newfound momentum to perform in your life and attain successes that you might have never thought possible to achieve .
Best way to achieve this release is to actually note down all the people you need to forgive by creating a list showing anyone who has hurt you .
Work on each of these hurts until you are able to forgive them .
The release of new - found energy will amaze you .
Negativity can be unbelievably draining and in many cases can even be harmful to your health .
Yet it is one of the hardest things to do .
Forgiving somebody and letting go of hurts and resentments is the biggest life challenge you face .
You feel that these people who have hurt you have made you lose your confidence and contributed to your inability to succeed in life .
It ’s not these people who have hurt you that are holding you back from earning the successes you deserve to have .
It ’s the fact that you are allowing those hurts to hold you back that is so damaging .
For your own sake forgive the people who have hurt you .
It will clear the way to personal achievements you would n’t otherwise even dream of reaching .
" Not only does this research prove there was a long - lived lake system on Mars , but we can see that the lake formed after the warm , wet period is thought to have dissipated . "
Submitted by Whiteknight on Tue , 06/16/2009 - 20:51
On behalf of the Parrot team , I 'm proud to announce Parrot 1.3.0 " Andean Swift . "
Parrot is a virtual machine aimed at running all dynamic languages .
Parrot 1.3.0 is available on Parrot 's FTP site , or follow the download instructions .
For those who would like to develop on Parrot , or help develop Parrot itself , we recommend using Subversion on our source code repository to get the latest and best Parrot code .
Parrot 1.3.0
News :
- Core +
Optimized parts of the IO system +
Fixed inheritance hierarchy of FileHandle and Socket PMC types +
Fixed leaks involving subroutines and Parrot_Context +
Cleaned up and refactored GC internals , including fixes and optimizations +
Optimized PMC class manipulations to use type numbers instead of string names +
Fixed problems involving hashval calculations in strings +
Removed unnecessary MULTI dispatches in built - in PMCs +
Fixed memory leaks involving PMCs that were not properly destroyed +
Fixed creation of PMCProxy PMCs in correct namespaces +
Added preliminary
Pipe support +
Fixed cloning of Object PMCs +
Added root_new opcode +
Added initial versions of Packfile PMCs with read / write capabilities - Compilers +
Fixed several memory leaks in IMCC +
Updated PCT to use root_new opcode +
Added support for keyword " self " in NQP - Documentation +
Improved and expanded / docs / book +
Updated project documentation +
Defined ' experimental ' status and procedures in DEPRECATED.pod - Miscellaneous +
Cleaned code and improved code - level documentation +
Various bugfixes , code cleanups , and coding standard fixes +
Added an experimental compiler library to help use PIR libraries from HLLs +
Updated OpenGL library and examples to support experimental HLL import
Thanks to all our contributors for making this possible , and our sponsors for supporting this project .
Our next release is 21 July 2009 .
Enjoy !
They Gotti find a new home !
Victoria Gotti ’s palatial Long Island estate — which she and her sons once flaunted in the reality show “ Growing Up Gotti ” — is now under foreclosure .
Despite a vast fortune amassed by her late father , Gambino boss John “ Dapper Don ” Gotti , the flashy Mafia princess has skipped two years of loan payments and will lose her home in tony Old Westbury , according to court records .
The 46 - year - old former reality - TV star owes $ 650,000 to lender JPMorgan Chase — a debt secured by a mortgage on the nearly $ 4.2 million mansion that she won in her divorce with ex-husband Carmine Agnello .
“ I was awarded full ownership of marital property . . . and all I inherited was a house with millions of dollars ’ worth of debt , ” Gotti told The Post yesterday .
“ This should finally put to rest all the government lies and rumors that I have $ 200 million buried in my back yard . ”
The couple split in 2003 , while Agnello was serving a prison stint for racketeering , and the grandiose , 6 - acre home was deeded over to Gotti in 2005 .
But Gotti claims Agnello had secretly taken out an $ 850,000 loan in 1997 without her knowledge and has left her holding the bag .
Not so , according to lawyers for the bank , who convinced judges with the Brooklyn Appellate Division that Gotti is crying wolf .
Last week , the appeals court gave the bank a green light to start foreclosure proceedings and reversed a Nassau County judge ’s ruling that would have allowed Gotti more time to fight the case .
“ Good riddance , ” said one neighbor on Birch Hill Court , who asked not be identified .
This is n’t the first time Gotti has faced losing her house .
Upon taking ownership of the house in 2005 , Gotti immediately defaulted , and JPMorgan scheduled to auction off the estate that summer — even as she and her three hair - gel - loving sons preened for the cameras for “ Growing Up Gotti , ” which ran from 2004 to 2005 and was canceled after 41 episodes because of poor ratings .
Gotti persuaded the bank to give her an extension on the mortgage with the condition that she would pay $ 200,000 by February 2006 , at a rate of $ 25,000 each month .
Court records show Gotti forked over an unspecified portion of the cash — and then stopped paying .
In the latest ruling , the appeals court granted JPMorgan ’s request for summary judgment and ordered Nassau County Supreme Court Justice Roy Mahon to appoint a referee to determine how much money is owed and whether the property can be sold in one lot .
The estate , which Gotti once tried to sell at $ 4.8 million , is currently listed with Century 21 at $ 3.2 million , a source said .
Since its reality - TV days , the estate ’s grounds have turned into an eyesore .
Unlike the landscaped lawns that surround neighboring homes , Gotti ’s unkempt property is covered with weeds and moldering leaves .
Trash is spilling out of overturned garbage cans and loose wires hang from the security intercom .
Parked in the estate ’s driveway yesterday was a Cadillac Escalade with a sticker that read , “ Free John Gotti Jr . ” The SUV was next to a Mercedes and a BMW .
Her brother , John “ Junior ” Gotti , won three mistrials in federal court in Manhattan after his lawyers argued that he had left the Mafia prior to the five - year statute of limitations for racketeering .
He is behind bars awaiting his fourth trial on a slew of charges , including murder .
“ I never took a penny from anyone in my life — not from my parents , not from anyone .
I am far too proud , ” Victoria said , adding that her ex-husband does n’t even help her when it comes to their three kids , Carmine , John and Frank .
“ I am still in court fighting for what was awarded to me , ” Gotti said about money awarded to her in the divorce case .
“ Yet the government still insists the divorce was . . . a sham .
They insist Agnello and I are only trying to save assets . ”
Meanwhile , Agnello is living in Ohio with his new bride — the raven - haired daughter of Mourad “ Moose ” Topalian , a former leader of an Armenian terror organization .
The feds are still seeking to claim $ 11 million in penalties stemming from Agnello ’s 2001 conviction and are in the process of selling off commercial and residential properties in The Bronx and Queens .
“ Carmine lives a rich and luxurious life , ” Gotti fumed .
“ I have to give Agnello a big cheer .
He outsmarted . . . the entire government . ”
Contacted at her home in Howard Beach , Queens , Gotti ’s mother , also named Victoria , said of her daughter : “ She ’s very upset .
This is a hard situation . ”
Agnello is “ a creep .
He ’s a deadbeat .
She did n’t know anything about it , ” the mother said .
“ He ’s not paying child support .
He gave her a real screwing . ”
Lawyers for Agnello declined to comment .
Records show the Dapper Don ’s daughter was hit with a $ 36,096 state tax lien on one of her properties December , and she also owes more than $ 45,000 to St. Francis Hospital from a 2004 judgment .
While the mortgage on the manse went unpaid , she was buying and selling other properties for hundreds of thousands of dollars , including a Pennsylvania home that once belonged to her brother .
In October 2008 , Victoria was listed as the new owner of her mother ’s Howard Beach home and also bought a Queens warehouse that had been owned by her and Agnello .
That building was one of several properties she had refused to pay property taxes on and then quietly bought back after they went into foreclosure .
selim.algar@nypost.com
Ok , this is a cool little trick that someone showed me when I was about 14 and I amused myself with variations of it for about a
week and forgot about it …UNTIL NOW .
I searched around and could n’t find anything online about this anywhere else , so I ’m pretty sure this is unique to Wicked How - To ’s ( and my second installment , link at bottom , with nitrous oxide is definitely unique ) .
All you need is an empty soda bottle like what you get from a vending machine ( I ’m using a water bottle with a
20 fl oz . volume–adjust accordingly to whatever you use ) , a bic cigarette lighter ( it must be a butane lighter , since butane is the fuel used ) .
I just leak 30 seconds worth of gas in , screw on the nozzle , set it on the ‘ launch pad ’ ( a box of crackers 😀 ) , and then ignite .
The ‘ nozzle ’ is the cap for that bottle with a hole in it –you must make a nozzle for it , the opening on the bottle itself is too big and the expanding gases from the burn wo n’t be able to create enough pressure inside the bottle to expel the gases through the exhaust at a sufficiently high velocity to propel the rocket forward .
Here ’s the video :
Now , if you want to see the ‘ supercharged ’ version of this , then check out :
How to make a rocket engine with alcohol and nitrous oxide , where I try a couple different fuels ( isopropyl alcohol aka rubbing alcohol , and Everclear which is 95 % ethyl alcohol ) along with a nitrous oxide ‘ booster ’ that I put into the bottle which causes the damned thing to shoot across the room at about 80 miles per hour with 2 feet of blue flame shooting out the back , it ’s AWESOME , you have to try it ( and yes , nitrous oxide is very easy to get , I ’ll tell you where and how , plus it ’s super cheap ) .
Additional Resources and Further Reading
Two books I highly recommend if you ’re really interested in homemade rockets and amateur rocketry are : Handbook of Model Rocketry ( this is sort of the official bible and centers around using over - the - counter engines as opposed to homemade ones ) and PVC Rocket Engine : A do - it - yourself guide for building a K450 PVC plastic rocket engine .
which is , obviously , about how to cook up rocket engines in your kitchen , check ’em out .
MUMBAI , India 
The sole surviving gunman of the deadly rampage in Mumbai unexpectedly confessed in court here on Monday , adding his voice , matter - of - fact even as he spoke of opening fire into crowds , to what may be the most well - documented terrorist attack anywhere .
The gunman , Ajmal Kasab , 21 , was the man in an infamous surveillance photograph , looking calm with a blue T - shirt and a machine gun .
The photograph was one part of an extraordinary electronic record reviewed during the trial , which the judge ruled would go on .
Other tapes showed his fellow gunmen shooting up luxury hotels .
Recordings of intercepted phone calls provided a spooky , real - time narration between the handlers and the gunmen , who at times needed to be prodded into action and were stunned at the opulence of one hotel .
“ Everything is being recorded by the media , ” one of the handlers told the gunmen at the Oberoi Hotel .
“ Inflict maximum damage .
Keep fighting .
Do n’t be taken alive . ”
But it did not appear to be the evidence that prompted Mr. Kasab to confess to his role in the attacks , where more than 160 people were killed in November in luxury hotels , a train station , a popular cafe and a Jewish center .
He said it was because his native Pakistan , which had denied any role in the attacks , had begun cooperating more with India and identified him as a participant .
Will Jinx get to design the uniforms ?
The Pentagon will create a Cyber Command to oversee the U.S. military ’s efforts to protect its computer networks and operate in cyberspace , under an order signed by Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
The new headquarters , likely to be based at Fort Meade , Maryland , outside Washington , D.C. , will be responsible for defending U.S. military systems but not other U.S. government or private networks , Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said .
Asked if the command would be capable of offensive operations as well as protecting the Department of Defense , Whitman declined to answer directly .
“ This command is going to focus on the protection and operation of DoD ’s networks , ” he said .
“ This command is going to do what is necessary to be able to do that … ”
“ The power to disrupt and destroy , once the sole province of nations , now also rests with small groups and individuals , from terrorist groups to organized crime to industrial spies to hacker activists , to teenage hackers , ” he said …
The head of the Cyber Command would also be the director of the U.S. National Security Agency , which conducts electronic surveillance and communications interception and is also based at Fort Meade .
Can you imagine the security check to get into this gig ?
Almost anyone who applies to join the new Obama CyberWarrior Commando wo n’t be worth spit at the job unless they ’ve already been working at hacking into someone ’s military secrets .
18 SHARES Share Tweet
Last semester I learned a great lesson in managing my own work .
I took a good amount of class credits , the supposed “ maximum number ” you could sign up for at this particular university ( although I ’m sure you could always negotiate more ) .
They were n’t exactly easy classes either , but I ended with my best GPA yet .
It was my senior year , and all of the courses were considered “ higher - level ” ( 300 - 500 level courses ) , including my position as a research assistant at a cognitive science laboratory .
Every week was chock - full with reading and homework assignments , papers , presentations , studying for exams , and various other odds and ends .
My head was spinning .
I barely completed my first month before thinking , “ There is no way I am going to be able to do this . ”
But I recognized that there was nothing to get too stressed about , and “ de - stressing ” would have to become an equally important part of my day .
The first thing I noticed before I knew I had to make a change was my mood , or my “ long - term ” mental state throughout the day .
I felt as though my life revolved around the work I did .
Work was the center of my day , the center of my being , the cause of all my stress .
It was becoming too much a part of my identity , I was swept up in the wonderful world of deadline - making .
Yippee !
Not .
And when you begin to lose yourself in your work in a negative way , then it is time to take a step back .
Whenever I used to get frustrated or angered as a kid my parents would always tell me to take a deep breathe and count to ten .
I always hated hearing the advice – it only made me that much closer to punching the nearest wall .
But throughout my years I have found out it was not bad advice at all , they were just giving it to me at the worst possible time ( the times where you are so upset and outraged that you wo n’t listen to anybody ) .
So I ’m here to tell you now : the next time you are so overworked and frustrated , take a step back , a deep breathe , and count to ten .
Do it – not because people tell you to do it – but as an experiment .
Just stop .
Say , “ I ’m going to take a deep breathe and count to ten , ” and then do it .
Simple .
Done .
A ten second break is still a break , and it can actually seem like a long time when you count it out .
Breaks in general are important .
They signify how we chunk up our day .
What do you prefer :
Longer breaks but fewer
Shorter breaks but more .
If you want to really become an excellent worker , you need to be as equally excellent at taking breaks .
Think of the guys at Google , one of the biggest and fastest growing companies of our generation .
Their work offices have all sorts of fun trinkets and games : there are slides you can use to get down a floor , game rooms with pool tables , Foosball , arcade machines , professional massages , and even a room where you can just sit down , relax , and gaze at pretty fish .
The Google people sure know how to take a break – and for good reason !
Any kind of break is a good break .
It freshens the mind , gives it time to mold over ideas , and strengthen neural connections in the brain .
Taking breaks can facilitate learning , become a creativity enhancer , and energize you before you need to get back on your grind .
Even so , some breaks are better than others , and choosing the right kind of break depends heavily on the kind of work you are absorbed in .
If your work is very mentally - intensive , maybe it is a lot of number crunching , problem - solving , or you get paid for your creative output , than it is a good idea to do something physical on your break .
It does n’t have to be as intense as going to the gym or playing football .
Just a light jog or walk outside is usually perfect .
It gets your face away from staring at papers or computer screens and gives you time to spend outside and with nature ( which psychologists recommend ) .
If your work is some kind of physical labor , then you may want to do something more restful like read a book , listen to music , or even take a short nap .
Naps are some of the best breaks you can take whether for physical work or mental work .
I have seen a numerous reports lately showing how naps improve worker efficiency ( Here is the most recent one I could find , published in Harvard Business Review , “ Why Companies Should Insist That Employees Take Naps “ ) .
A healthy nap can range anywhere from 20 - 90 minutes long .
Whether you spend that time jogging or sleeping or whatever , remember that the important part is that you are taking a break .
Make breaks a part of your routine if they are n’t already .
And if you still find yourself getting tired or stressed , find more ways to take breaks .
There is nothing worse than to waste our human potential by putting ourselves into work overload and burning out .
Take the time to recharge yourself , and experience the benefits of downtime .
[ adsense_id= ” 1 ″ ]
As a med­ley of bor­der vio­lence , reces­sion­ary pres­sure , inter­na­tion­al crit­i­cism and pop­u­lar accep­tance steadi­ly under­mines America ’s decades - long effort to elim­i­nate drugs and drug use , the U.S. move­ment to legal­ize mar­i­jua­na is gain­ing unprece­dent­ed momentum .
Once derided and dismissed by lawmakers , law enforcers and the law - abiding alike , marijuana reform is sweeping the nation
Once derid­ed and dis­missed by law­mak­ers , law enforcers and the law - abid­ing alike , mar­i­jua­na reform is sweep­ing the nation , although the fed­er­al gov­ern­ment appears com­mit­ted – at least for the time being – to large­ly main­tain­ing the sta­tus quo .
A week after Attor­ney Gen­er­al Eric Hold­er announced in March that raids on state law - abid­ing med­ical mar­i­jua­na dis­pen­saries would end , the Drug Enforce­ment Agency effec­tive­ly shut down a San Fran­cis­co dis­pen­sary , claim­ing it vio­lat­ed both state and fed­er­al laws .
But to para­phrase Vic­tor Hugo , not even the strongest gov­ern­ment in the world can stop an idea whose time has appar­ent­ly come .
Indeed , sup­port for legal­iza­tion is at an all - time high , and con­tin­ues to grow .
In 1969 , just 12 per­cent of Amer­i­cans favored legal­iz­ing mar­i­jua­na , the Holy Grail of cannabis advo­cates ; this num­ber had tripled by 2005 , accord­ing to a Gallup poll .
Bare­ly three years lat­er , anoth­er poll showed 44 per­cent of Amer­i­cans sup­port legalization .
“ If we con­tin­ue on this curve – and there is no rea­son to think we wo n’t – we ’ll hit 58 or 60 per­cent by 2020 , ” says Allen St. Pierre , exec­u­tive direc­tor of the Nation­al Orga­ni­za­tion for the Reform of Mar­i­jua­na Laws ( NORML ) .
​ “ We ’re see­ing also that the gov­ern­ment is final­ly play­ing catch up with the people . ”
In Feb­ru­ary , a Cal­i­for­nia state law­mak­er intro­duced a bill to legal­ize and tax pot , and mar­i­jua­na reform bills are being debat­ed in at least 37 oth­er states .
( Last Novem­ber , Mass­a­chu­setts became the thir­teenth state to decrim­i­nal­ize adult pos­ses­sion , while Michi­gan became the thir­teenth state to legal­ize mar­i­jua­na for med­ical use . )
All told , more than one - third of Amer­i­cans now live in a state or city that has legal­ized med­ical mar­i­jua­na or decrim­i­nal­ized its recre­ation­al use .
“ It ’s the busiest peri­od for mar­i­jua­na law reform ever , ” says St. Pierre .
​ “ Legal­iza­tion is def­i­nite­ly on the polit­i­cal horizon . ”
Grow­ing calls for reform
Argu­ments for end­ing the war on weed – that mar­i­jua­na is safer than alco­hol and that its pro­hi­bi­tion leads to vio­lence , exor­bi­tant enforce­ment costs , bil­lions in lost tax rev­enue and infringe­ments on civ­il lib­er­ties – have n’t changed much since the 1970s .
But the argu­ments have tak­en on unusu­al grav­i­ty over the last year , as drug - fueled vio­lence along the Mex­i­can side of bor­der has excit­ed fears that the car­nage and may­hem will spill over into Amer­i­can cities .
Tes­ti­fy­ing before a House pan­el in March , a top Home­land Secu­ri­ty offi­cial warned ( PDF link ) that the car­tels now rep­re­sent America ’s largest orga­nized - crime threat , hav­ing infil­trat­ed at least 230 Amer­i­can cities .
Already , police in Tuc­son and Phoenix have report­ed a surge in drug - relat­ed kid­nap­pings and murders .
Sec­re­tary of State Hillary Clin­ton recent­ly acknowl­edged that America ’s ​ “ insa­tiable ” appetite for drugs has helped fuel the car­tel - relat­ed vio­lence .
In fact , the Mex­i­can car­tels reap as much as 62 per­cent of their prof­its – and derive much of their pow­er – from Amer­i­can mar­i­jua­na sales , which total $ 9 bil­lion annu­al­ly , accord­ing to the Office of Nation­al Drug Con­trol Policy .
But Mex­i­can weed rep­re­sents only a sliv­er of America ’s annu­al cannabis con­sump­tion .
Each year , Amer­i­cans spend a whop­ping $ 39 bil­lion on domes­ti­cal­ly grown mar­i­jua­na , and anoth­er $ 7 – 10 bil­lion on weed smug­gled in from Cana­da .
In short , untaxed and unreg­u­lat­ed mar­i­jua­na is America ’s – if not the continent ’s – largest cash crop , more valu­able than corn and wheat com­bined , accord­ing to Drug​Science​.org .
The grow­ing sense that America ’s mar­i­jua­na pol­i­cy is more harm­ful than the plant itself is lead­ing some cash - strapped states to rethink the effi­ca­cy of lock­ing up non-vio­lent offend­ers and con­sid­er tax­ing med­ical mar­i­jua­na , despite the fed­er­al pro­hi­bi­tion on doing so .
Sev­er­al Cal­i­for­nia cities are already tax­ing med­ical mar­i­jua­na sales .
Oregon ’s leg­is­la­ture is debat­ing whether to reg­u­late and tax it as well .
( Last year a bill that would have allowed Ore­gon liquor stores to sell mar­i­jua­na failed . )
And in the first such step by a state gov­ern­ment , New Mexico ’s Depart­ment of Pub­lic Health is now over­see­ing the cul­ti­va­tion and dis­tri­b­u­tion of med­ical mar­i­jua­na , brush­ing aside legal con­cerns that state employ­ees could face fed­er­al drug con­spir­a­cy charges .
Although mar­i­jua­na reform has gained lit­tle trac­tion in Con­gress , last year Reps.
Bar­ney Frank ( D‑MA ) and Ron Paul ( R‑TX ) cospon­sored a bill to pro­tect med­ical mar­i­jua­na patients and decrim­i­nal­ize pos­ses­sion of small amounts of mar­i­jua­na .
​ “ It ’s no longer just pot­heads who want this , ” says Bill Piper , direc­tor of nation­al affairs for the Drug Pol­i­cy Alliance .
​ “ We ’re at the tip­ping point , in that we ’re see­ing the most sus­tained dis­cus­sion ever by media and policymakers . ”
Although Pres­i­dent Oba­ma jok­ing­ly brushed aside eco­nom­ic argu­ments for end­ing mar­i­jua­na pro­hi­bi­tion dur­ing his March 26th online town - hall dis­cus­sion , a mount­ing body of research under­scores their validity .
In 2005 , Har­vard Uni­ver­si­ty econ­o­mist Jef­frey Miron pub­lished a report show­ing that legal­iza­tion would save $ 7.7 bil­lion each year on enforce­ment , while gen­er­at­ing as much as $ 6.2 bil­lion in tax­es .
In response , more than 500 lead­ing econ­o­mists wrote an open let­ter to fed­er­al and state offi­cials sup­port­ing a régime of legal­iza­tion and taxation .
With increas­ing fre­quen­cy , main­stream media out­lets are also advo­cat­ing major changes to U.S. drug laws .
In March , the Econ­o­mist ​ ’s edi­to­r­i­al board called for the legal­iza­tion of drugs , and CNN , Time mag­a­zine and oth­er pub­li­ca­tions have pub­lished op - eds sup­port­ing an end to mar­i­jua­na pro­hi­bi­tion or call­ing for an ​ “ hon­est ” dis­cus­sion about legal­iz­ing drugs .
Also ear­li­er this year , the Latin Amer­i­can Com­mis­sion on Drugs and Democ­ra­cy , which includes three for­mer heads of state , issued a report con­demn­ing drug pro­hi­bi­tion and call­ing for cannabis ’ legalization .
“ [ Cannabis ] con­sump­tion has an adverse impact on the user ’s health , includ­ing men­tal health , ” the 17 com­mis­sion mem­bers wrote .
​ “ But the avail­able empir­i­cal evi­dence shows that the harm caused by this drug is sim­i­lar to the harm caused by alco­hol or tobacco . ”
Giv­en Pres­i­dent Obama ’s pen­chant for prag­ma­tism , Piper chalks up Obama ’s dis­mis­sive response regard­ing legal­iza­tion as a first - term answer to a sec­ond - term ques­tion .
​ “ There is debate as to whether he was even jok­ing , ” Piper says , ​“ because in many ways he ’s sig­naled that this admin­is­tra­tion will take a dif­fer­ent approach to drug policy . ”
The ​ ‘ van­guard ’ of legalization ?
Amer­i­can atti­tudes toward cannabis have soft­ened con­sid­er­ably over the last decade , yet they remain large­ly ambiva­lent about reform .
​ “ Most peo­ple agree the laws are too harsh , but many of these do n’t want to see it legal­ized , either , ” says Mason Tvert , who in 2005 co-found­ed SAFER Col­orado , which pro­motes mar­i­jua­na as a safer alter­na­tive to alcohol .
Eco­nom­ic argu­ments like those sup­port­ed by Miron ’s Har­vard study , says Tvert , are inef­fec­tive because the same could be said of hard drugs like cocaine and hero­in .
Legal­iza­tion , he says , will hap­pen only when peo­ple real­ize that mar­i­jua­na is safer than alcohol .
“ The prob­lem is that peo­ple still have a per­cep­tion of harm that ’s been built up over many years , ” he says .
​ “ If mar­i­jua­na were legal­ized tomor­row , in 10 years these per­cep­tions would be very , very different . ”
Tvert agrees that per­cep­tions about mar­i­jua­na are rapid­ly evolv­ing for the bet­ter .
Ear­li­er this year , when a pic­ture sur­faced show­ing Olympic gold - medal­ist Michael Phelps smok­ing from a bong , many expect­ed the 23 - year - old to lose many of his endorse­ments .
But only Kellogg ’s dropped him .
Even more sur­pris­ing , the move seemed to hurt Kellogg ’s more than Phelps , as sur­veys showed the move injured its brand reputation .
For those seek­ing high­er office , past pot use is no longer the polit­i­cal death knell it once was .
When asked if he ever smoked pot in 1992 , Bill Clin­ton claimed he did n’t inhale , and in 2005 , tapes sur­faced of George W. Bush acknowl­edg­ing past mar­i­jua­na use after years spent dodg­ing the ques­tion .
Remark­ably , vot­ers seemed large­ly uncon­cerned by Barack Obama ’s can­did admis­sion that he once used both mar­i­jua­na and cocaine .
​ “ This is a huge turn­ing point in peo­ple admit­ting to past use and not suf­fer­ing any con­se­quences , ” says Piper .
With pub­lic accep­tance grow­ing and states increas­ing­ly at odds with fed­er­al mar­i­jua­na laws , how much longer can Wash­ing­ton remain imper­vi­ous to calls for reform ?
NORML ’s St. Pierre , who says there are major chinks in the armor of blan­ket pro­hi­bi­tion , believes fed­er­al reforms are imminent .
“ At some point , we ’ll have run the gaunt­let of states that have passed reform bills by pop­u­lar vote , ” he says .
​ “ It ’s get­ting hard­er for peo­ple to say we ’re going to hell - in - a - bas­ket when the state next door has had these laws for years with­out prob­lems .
This gen­er­a­tion is on the van­guard of legalization . ”
USCIRF Update with USAID : The President ’s Executive Order on International Religious Freedom
USCIRF hosted a virtual event about President Trump ’s recent Executive Order to advance international religious freedom across the federal government and its implementation at the U.S. Agency for International Development ( USAID ) .
This highlighted key aspects of this Executive Order , USAID ’s current plans underway to implement it , and the impact it will have on USAID ’s programming in the future .
USCIRF Chair Gayle Manchin and Vice Chair Tony Perkins discussed these issues with USAID Acting Administrator John Barsa .
Read More >
EPISODE SYNOPSIS :
A call to sacrifice is n’t always what it seems .
Two sets of potential jurors totalling 240 people have been set aside in a Barrie Courthouse amid allegations that the Crown is using improper means to vet them .
Defence lawyer Mitchell Worsoff applied this week to have the two lists of potential jurors scrapped on the basis that they are " tainted " because they were the subject of secret background checks that violate not only their privacy but Canadian law .
As late as yesterday , Crown prosecutor Karen McCleavewas not conceding that the lists are improper .
However the wide - ranging background checks used to compile them was criticized last week by Attorney - General Chris Bentley .
" The Crown in no way concedes the merit of the application , " McCleave told Superior Court Justice John McIsaac .
McCleave did consent to the withdrawal of the two lists , but only , she said , because the issue had been the subject of published reports .
The arguments were the subject of a temporary publication ban , requested by the Crown , which was lifted today after opposition by The Toronto Star and other media outlets .
The Crown at first sought , then abandoned , a total publication ban on the proceedings .
The Crown also sought to seal the lists of jurors from the media , but the judge rejected their application .
" I am satisfied that the ends of justice would be better served by access to these records as this would permit the ' penetrating light of public scrutiny ' to be shone on the prosecutorial practices undertaken in vetting these jury lists , " McIsaac said today .
The lists contained personal comments on some potential jurors .
Beside their names are such handwritten notes as : " suicidal in 2001 , " or " Ongoing neighbour dispute — neighbour shot his cat " or " Witness to parent 's domestic dispute .
Dad is a drinker and assaulted her mother . "
Other notations beside names indicate that they have some Highway Traffic
Act convictions or have been charged , but not convicted , of other offences .
Many names had the note " ok " beside them , presumably signifying that they are acceptable .
Under Canadian law , unlike in the U.S. , all that either side is supposed to know about potential jurors is their name , place of residence and occupation .
" They 're using the American system through the back door , " Worsoff argued .
" There has been illegal conduct . "
Critics have blasted the use of such wide - ranging background searches as an invasion of privacy .
The issue is the subject of an application in the Court of Appeal in the case of convicted murderer , Ibrahim Yumnu , and has led to one mistrial in another Barrie case .
Worsoff had argued that the two jurors lists being proffered by the Crown should be scrapped and the jurors sent home and that the trial should start with a new panel .
" What I am saying is the Crown has personal information about jury members that they should n't , " Worsoff argued .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Worsoff said that it was only on May 28 that he received two lists with 120 names each of prospective jurors for the trial of his client Ravi Badhwar , who is charged in the highway death of trucker David Virgoe .
He said he was at a disadvantage because he has no way of knowing what notations like " ok , " which is beside many names , mean .
" I do n't know if it means they are good for the Crown . "
In the face of media reports , on May 26 , John Ayre , Ontario 's deputy assistant attorney general , sent out a memo to all Crowns reminding them that if a criminal record check is requested , it should only be for indictable , in other words , the most serious offences .
" In no case should any other information be requested . "
As late as May 8 , Michael Minns , deputy Crown attorney in Simcoe County , had sent out to local OPP detachments and Midland police the two jury panel lists for the Badhwar trial , which was to start June 1 .
Minns asked for police to advise of any who had criminal records .
" It would also be helpful if comments could be made concerning any disreputable persons we would not want as a juror , " he wrote .
But under Section 20 of the Juries Act , the Sheriff must keep juries lists " under lock and key " until 10 days before the start of the trial .
In this case , however , the lists were in the hands of the Crown at least 24 days before the trial was to begin .
" How can the Crown have access to the list on May 8th or the day before ? " Worsoff asked .
" The sheriff 's office has acted unlawfully . "
Worsoff said the checks were an invasion of privacy .
" None of this would have happened if they would have worked within the confines of the law and respected the fair trial process for Mr. Badhwar . "
He said that the prospective jurors have wasted their time by coming to court , " all because of Crown misconduct . "
Charlie Skelton is scared , jumpy and hacked off at the police state built around Bilderberg .
So hacked off , in fact , he has asked the police to stop following him .
Bad move .
I need to go back a day and tell you exactly how I came to be in an Athens metro station at 8 am , grappling with two strange men , struggling and yelling : " Help me somebody !
Security !
Please !
Someone get security !
Get the police ! "
My voice still hurts .
My brain is ready to explode .
But that is today .
Yesterday divides in half : the half where I flee the Bilderberg resort , too scared and strung out to remain , and the half when I have to bundle myself in a random cab and drive to the British Embassy for my own safety .
I am being hounded .
And all because I dared report on Bilderberg .
Because I dared point my finger at them , there , in the darkness of a seaside peninsula .
Ecce Bilderberg !
I am not lying .
I am not exaggerating .
I am not imagining .
I am not hysterical .
If anything , I became incredibly calm when I finally stopped being the ­criminal , stopped being the hare , and grabbed one of the men who 's been following me .
I was turning the madness back in on itself , grabbing their wrists and plunging all of us further down the rabbit hole .
So yes , to be clear , I 've just been tussling with two men in the bleak marble atrium of an Athens Metro station .
But that was this morning .
I have n't even had breakfast yet .
I need to tell you about yesterday .
I wrote the words below a thousand years or so before all that 's happened to me in central Athens .
See me now , back in Vouliagmeni , sitting in a cafe by the sea , being watched ( of course ) while I sip my orange juice .
It is another beautiful day on the Greek Riviera …
* * *
That 's it , I 'm done , I 'm gone .
Believe me when I say , I feel physically intimidated ; I feel afraid .
I 've had my own little seaside dip into a police state and the water 's coming over my head .
If you 've ever been bullied you 'll know exactly what I 'm feeling : the tightness in the chest , looking both ways down corridors , hating the fear , hating your mind for asking " am I safe here ?
Am I safe ? " I 've been bullied out of Vougliameni , bullied away by Bilderberg for daring to be near .
I am leaving the toxic orbit of Bilderberg so I can breathe freely .
So I can walk down a sidestreet without being followed by plainclothes policemen .
I 'm tired of men in the lobby , men on the stairs , the same men in different doorways , on different corners wherever I go .
Cars pulling away from the kerb when I approach .
The same cars , the same feelings .
I 'm tired of complaining at the station .
I 've complained three times now , and the final time turned nasty .
They denied outright I was being followed .
" This is an idea in your mind ! " I showed them a photo I took today , when I took my tail on a looping stroll through the hills , waited round a corner , and snapped him unawares .
They 're not very good at this , but that just makes it worse .
If they were a bit more subtle I could pretend they were n't there .
I have been made to feel weak , but buried in my weakness is a fury .
How dare they make me feel like this .
How dare they !
They have turned this corner of the Greek Riviera into east Berlin ( a helicopter circles above me as I type these words , I swear ) and I have n't the backbone to brazen it out .
Checkpoint Charlie here I come .
Of all the things I am furious about , the one that rankles the most is the fact that I 've become jumpy .
It 's crazy that I 'm keeping my room door open as I pack , and the balcony door .
Two exits .
It 's crazy that I 've started checking the bathroom and the wardrobe when I enter .
That I 'm taking photographs of my laptop when I leave the room , and finding it moved .
I want to be in the open , in the sunlight , in front of people .
I crave the fresh air of Athens city centre , and that 's saying something .
Nor am I imagining things - this is not an " idea in my mind " .
And how extraordinary that I have to write that .
It is shocking and upsetting that I have to justify my sanity , defend my perceptions and stand in a police station being told I am imagining things .
I showed them the photo of the man I caught round the corner .
An officer asks , absurdly : " How from this photograph do you say he is following you ?
I just see a man . "
I take a deep breath .
" Well , yes , he is n't holding a sign which says ' I am following Charlie Skelton ' so I suppose you have to take my word for it . "
In comes the chief .
Bossios Hoggios .
" What the problem ? " I tell him that I am being followed by the police , and that I would like it to stop , or be told the reason .
" Why you here ? " he barks .
I tell him I am here for the Bilderberg conference at the Astir Palace .
" Well , that is the reason !
That is why !
We are finished ! "
And he washes his hands of me , dismissing me with a gesture , striding back to his office .
" Idiot , " I mutter , unheard .
Back to the photograph .
" How you know he is a policeman ? "
" I know that he is , I 've seen him talking to your colleagues at the checkpoint . "
" You are not allowed to take photos of policemen . "
" So I am being followed by policemen ? "
He gestures out of the window .
" Where is he now , this man you say following you ?
Show me him . "
I 'm standing in a police station .
I do n't know what to say .
They tell me to ring the police if I see them again .
To ring the police if I see the police following me .
I should n't have called the officer an idiot .
I should n't have raised my voice and derided the craziness of the situation .
I 'm not in a friendly room any more , so I decide to leave .
I clap my hands together with as much mockery as my anger allows , and cry : " We are finished ! " I wash my hands of the Greek police .
But I 'm not done with Bilderberg .
I finish my orange juice , pick up my rucksack , and walk down the street to hail a cab .
Which is when I 'm detained for the third time .
I 'm a good half mile from Bilderberg , trying to leave the resort , sick of it all , but Checkpoint Charlie has just slammed in my face .
" You take photographs ! "
I 'd done no such thing .
I was waiting for a cab .
" Show me your camera !
Why you here ? ! "
They circle round .
Local cops , a riot officer , two private " security " men .
I looked at their lanyards : Avion Security .
One of the Avion goons prods me with his walkie - talkie .
" Why you here ? " I tell him , wearily , that I 'm a journalist .
He rubs his chin and says the words that even in a 30 - degree sun turn my blood to ice .
" Show me your papers . "
Infowars
March 26 , 2009
Video footage of a suspected mass grave site at the National Memorial Cemetery in Phoenix , Arizona , has surfaced on YouTube .
“ I am still skeptical about the mass graves being used for civilians , H5N1 victims , ” writes wokeuplastweek , who posted the video .
“ I ’m not denying that it could be of dual - use , but I do n’t find it to be likely for this particular issue .
Looking at the statistics on current living veterans , it would make sense that they would need this many graves .
Many WWII , Korean , and Vietnam Vets are getting up there in age .
Gulf War Vets are coming back very ill from DU exposure , ‘ Gulf War Syndrome ’ , and other issues and dying prematurely . ”
On March 25 , Shepard Ambellas appeared on the Alex Jones Show .
Ambellas wrote a story and provided photographs of the site .
See Military Industrial Complex Prepares Mass Graves for U.S. Citizens .
Shepard Ambellas on Alex Jones TV . Part 2 .
Ambellas ’ coverage of a suspected mass grave site in Arizona follows earlier reports .
On July 18 , 2008 , a post on the Neithercorp Forum revealed the existence of a site in Georgia where 500,000 plastic coffins are stored .
See Half a Million Plastic Coffins ?
Plastic coffins stored in Georgia , home of the Center for Disease Control .
On February 11th , 2009 , D. H. Williams of the Daily Newscaster reported on an Indiana county municipal official in the vicinity of Chicago who stated FEMA inquired to where mass graves could be placed in the county .
FEMA indicated the site would take bodies from other locations around the country .
In addition , FEMA said the county should prepare a plan to vaccinate the entire population within 48 hours .
[ efoods ]
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
By Andrew Hessert , Andrew Medvecz , Jimmy Miller , Jacquelyn Richard
Barry Bonds elevated his game to the next level with “ the clear ” and “ the cream ” , shattering legendary records in the process .
Are scientists , students , and other academics about to do the same ?
While stars such as Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi continue to defend themselves against their alleged use of performance - enhancing drugs , a new debate over the use of a different kind of performance - enhancing drug has begun to rage in the scientific world .
Cognitive enhancers like Adderall and Ritalin have commonly been used as a treatment for behavioral disorders such as Attention Deficit / Hyperactivity Disorder .
However , these drugs are now becoming popular “ performance enhancing ” substances for healthy individuals trying to gain a competitive edge by boosting their overall cognitive function .
Henry Greely , a Stanford Law Professor , advocates for unrestricted availability of these drugs , claiming the enhancers will level the “ cognitive playing field ” and spark a new era of increased innovation .
But Greely and other advocates fail to recognize the severe personal and societal consequences that such availability would generate , looking instead to a pharmaceutical solution that would , in the end , cause more problems than it would solve .
How They Work
Ritalin and Adderall have been on the market since the 1960s to treat conditions like ADD and ADHD ( Center for Substance Abuse Research , 2005 ) .
While the specific mechanisms of these disorders have yet to be fully elucidated , cognitive enhancers have been successful in controlling or mitigating symptoms in patients .
Ritalin ( methylphenidate ) and Adderall ( dextroamphetamine ) both inhibit dopamine reuptake , allowing dopamine signals to remain active for longer periods of time ( Jones , Joseph , Barak , Caron , & Wightman , 1999 ) .
Provigil ( modafinil ) , an alternative to the potentially addictive dopaminergic drugs , operates in similar fashion , but instead blocks reuptake of the neurotransmitter norepinephrine .
The increased neurotransmitter activity induced by these drugs stimulates many areas of the brain ( see right ) , including the prefrontal cortex , which is responsible for a person ’s ability to focus and strive toward a specific goal .
This stimulation theoretically counters fragmented synaptic signaling in the brain , one suspected cause of ADD and ADHD .
While these drugs increase focus and concentration for people with attention disorders , they can also increase prefrontal cortex stimulation among people without such disorders ( Devilbiss & Berridge , 2008 ) .
The increased ability to focus and concentrate on specific tasks is clearly of great social utility .
These benefits , however , are not without negative consequences ; numerous side effects including hallucinations , headaches , nausea , and depression have been documented .
How They Are Being Used
A growing number of healthy Americans are using cognitive enhancers in an attempt to gain a mental edge in our competitive society .
The popularity of these drugs is rapidly increasing in many areas of society and has become particularly prevalent among corporate executives , academics , and college students .
An article in the January issue of TIME Magazine describes a high - level executive who uses Adderall to “ continue the lightning pace and constant multitasking his job requires ” ( Szalavitz , 2009 ) .
Since receiving the prescription from his doctor , he says he has been better able to maintain his high level of performance , a development he attributes to his use of cognitive enhancing drugs .
The TIME article also addresses the rising use on college campuses ( Szalavitz , 2009 ) .
Studies have found that 7 % of college students have used a cognitive - enhancing drug for non-medical purposes , and on some campuses up to 25 % of students have used enhancers to aid studying .
Unsurprisingly , usage rates are higher at prestigious institutions , where students feel the need to keep pace in an overly - competitive academic atmosphere .
Taking a cognitive enhancer the night before a final can help you focus for an extra hour or two , and many students believe that hour may mean the difference between an A and a B .
Improving academic achievement , however , is a complex issue — popping pills may not be the cure all for low grades .
Studies have shown the association between sleep and learning ; shorting on sleep to study may still lead to lower grades even with cognitive enhancers ( Curcio et. al , 2006 ) .
Among the scientists polled in a Nature study conducted in 2008 , nearly 20 % reported having used cognitive enhancing drugs for non-medical purposes ( Maher , 2008 ) .
The most popular motivation was the desire to increase concentration , with other reasons including increasing focus , counteracting jet lag , and other miscellaneous responses .
Interestingly , over half of the respondents reported experiencing negative side effects yet still continued taking the drugs .
Arguments FOR
Use with the General Population
Stanford Law Professor Henry Greely is a leading proponent for making cognitive enhancers available to the general population .
In his hotly - debated article in Nature , he argues that research into the benefits of the use of cognitive enhancers among the healthy population should be explored .
Greely claims that the term “ enhancement ” has been marred by its comparison to athletics , saying “ better - working brains produce things of more lasting value than longer home runs ” ( Greely , 2008 ) .
In one of his main points , Greely argues that using a cognitive enhancer is analogous to any other practice intended to improve mental function , such as sleep , nutrition , and exercise .
Just as these practices provide cognitive enhancement , so would the use of drugs like Adderall , Ritalin , and Provigil .
These drugs have the potential to be very beneficial , and “ we should welcome new methods of improving our brain function , ” says Greely .
Greely further contends that cognitive enhancers may potentially “ level the playing field , ” allowing disadvantaged students to overcome educational gaps .
Take the example of standardized tests like the SAT , which many colleges like Notre Dame use in evaluating applicants .
These tests have been shown to be statistically biased against African Americans , Hispanics and other ethnic minorities ( Freedle , 2008 ) .
It is possible that the use of cognitive enhancers could help them overcome this bias , promoting greater acceptance rates of minorities at prestigious universities .
Used in this way , the drugs would be elevated beyond the individual desire to gain a competitive edge , and be employed as a tool to remove educational barriers , a significant cause of socioeconomic inequality .
Research focusing on the use of cognitive enhancers by healthy individuals is sparse .
Greely recommends that studies in the area of cognitive enhancement be developed in order to build a knowledge base concerning usage patterns , benefits , and associated risks of these drugs .
These studies could then be employed in developing an informed legal policy aimed at preventing coercion and mitigating the potential for abuse .
In a recent New Yorker article entitled Brain Gain , Margaret Talbot presents a more moderate defense for the legalization of cognitive enhancers .
Talbot compares the use of cognitive enhancers to elective cosmetic surgery — both are personal choices , with inherent risks and benefits , designed to enhance particular attributes .
While not as far reaching as Greely ’s assertions , Talbot ’s arguments against a ban on cognitive enhancers focus on practicalities ; cognitive enhancers are already in wide circulation and are being used responsibly among academic and business professionals .
While cognitive enhancer use may not be ideal , Talbot argues that people should be allowed , after being informed of the risks and benefits , to make their own decisions about enhancement of their minds and bodies .
Argument AGAINST
Use with the General Population
While many support Greely and Talbot ’s positions , they are not without opposition .
Our arguments against popular use of cognitive enhancers stem from ethical , medical , and social concerns .
We believe that promotion of cognitive enhancers in the manner described by Greely is irresponsible and neglects the more fundamental issues at the root of the problems he addresses .
Talbot , while more moderate than Greely , still fails to consider the social and cultural consequences of widespread usage .
Among the many troubling aspects of cognitive enhancers are the potential negative side effects .
Little is known about the long term effects of these drugs , and many of the documented short term side effects would likely affect healthy users as much as those with disorders .
Imagine getting a headache from taking Provigil when you are trying to prepare for an exam the next day .
In this case , the drug you are using to improve your cognitive ability is ultimately hindering it .
More serious side effects such as depression and insomnia , while not fully understood , can cause severe harm to someone who would not have otherwise developed these conditions .
The striking recent instance ( April 22 ) of a young boy hanging himself while taking ADHD meds and other incidents like it raise significant questions about the safety of these drugs , especially among people for whom the drug is a luxury and not a necessity .
Also , because Ritalin and Adderall act on the mesolimbic dopamine system , the pathway commonly associated with addictive substances such as cocaine , users run the risk of developing a dependency or becoming addicted ( Volkow , Fowler , & Logan , 2009 ) .
Addiction is a high price to pay for using a drug that provides limited benefits .
Of further concern is the likely inevitable consequence that widespread use of cognitive enhancers would lead to intense social pressure and even forms of coercion .
It is already clear that some executives feel these substances are necessary to remain competitive .
More students at competitive universities would likely be pressured to use these drugs when they see other users getting better marks .
General availability of cognitive enhancers in our society could easily make these drugs a necessary component for success rather than an optional boost .
Furthermore , the disparity that Greely proposes would be overcome by cognitive enhancers may instead be exacerbated .
The financial means that are required to obtain these substances restricts their availability to those who can afford them .
Look back at the earlier example of ethnic minorities using cognitive enhancers to improve SAT scores .
Traditionally these minority groups are also economically disadvantaged and would lack the means necessary to acquire these drugs .
The real benefactors from widespread availability would be the rich , who already perform better on standardized tests .
Promoting the use of cognitive enhancers would likely serve to widen the already significant divide between socioeconomic groups .
Reducing the disparity within a population cannot be accomplished by using cognitive enhancers ; the drugs would only reinforce the present socioeconomic barriers .
Talbot , on the other hand , places too much emphasis on personal freedom as a justification for legalization , glossing over the social and cultural implications sure to follow from widespread usage .
Within her own article she recounts the story of a poker millionaire who made his fortune with the help of cognitive enhancers .
His use of these substances was an isolated personal choice but had social consequences as well , allowing him to gain an unfair competitive advantage over the other players .
Justifying cognitive enhancement in the academic and business worlds on the basis of individual freedom ignores the social consequences of unfair neurological advantages in the extremely competitive context of these cultures .
Cognitive enhancer legalization cannot be framed in a purely individual context ; legalization will have widespread social consequences .
Conclusion
Greely and others are right in asserting that the debate over cognitive enhancers is not entirely analogous to baseball ’s steroid scandal .
Cognitive enhancers do provide significant long term mental benefits and arguably some social benefits .
However , as we have argued , these benefits are outweighed by the physical side effects and social ramifications that such use would entail .
Moreover , any suggestion that these drugs could level the playing field fails to account for the complexities inherent in such problems .
Issues like educational disparity and social pressure to boost achievement demonstrate these complexities and are fundamentally socioeconomic and cultural problems .
Throwing drugs at these issues will not bring resolution .
Rather a cultural - and sociological - based approach is best suited for this task .
While we recognize the benefits of these cognitive enhancers , their use should be restricted to the treatment of cognitive disorders .
Bibliography
Center for Substance Abuse Research .
( 2005 , May 2 ) .
Ritalin .
Retrieved April 10 , 2009 , from http://www.cesar.umd.edu/cesar/drugs/ritalin.asp
Curcio , G. , Ferrara , M. , & De Gennaro , L. ( 2006 ) .
Sleep loss , learning capacity and academic performance .
Sleep Medicine Reviews , 323-337 .
Devilbiss , D. M. , & Berridge , C. W. ( 2008 ) .
Cognition - Enhancing Doses of Methylphenidate Preferentially Prefrontal Cortex Neuronal Responsiveness .
Biological Psychiatry , 626-635 .
Freedle , R. O. ( 2008 ) .
Correcting the SAT ’s Ethnic and Social Class Bias : A Method for Reestimating SAT Scores .
Harvard Educational Review , 1 - 43 .
Greely , H. ( 2008 ) .
Towards responsible use of cognitiveenhancing .
Nature , 702-705 .
Jones , S. R. , Joseph , J. D. , Barak , L. S. , Caron , M. G. , & Wightman , R. M. ( 1999 ) .
Dopamine Neuronal Transport Kinetics and Effects of Dopamine .
Nournal of Neurochemistry , 2406 - 2414 .
Maher , B. ( 2008 ) .
Poll Results : Look Who ’s Doping .
Nature , 674-675 .
Szalavitz , M. ( 2009 , January 6 ) .
Popping Smart Pills : The Case for Cognitive Enhancement .
Time .
Tansey , B. ( 2008 , December 8 ) .
Experts urge wider use of brain - boosting drugs .
San Francisco Chronicle .
Volkow , N. D. , Fowler , J. S. , & Logan , J. ( 2009 ) .
Effects of Modafinil on Dopamine and Dopamine Transporters in the Male Human Brain : Clinical Implications .
Journal of the American Medical Association , 1148 - 1154 .
Around 200 Irish women gathered together at Lissadell beach in County Sligo on Monday to take a “ dip in the nip ” for charity .
The women , aged between 17 and 70 and heavily guarded by Irish police to keep away any “ peeping Toms , ” skinny dipped in the North Atlantic in order to raise funds for Action Breast Cancer , and in doing so almost broke a world record .
They may not have made it to the record books , but the daring , charitable women raised at least € 50,000 ( $ 69,000 ) for the organization .
Organizer Maire Garvey decided to organize the event after a psychic told her she could picture her swimming naked in an ocean with hundreds of women .
From that premonition , Garvey had the “ mad ” idea to do just that in order to raise money for breast cancer .
Garvey told the BBC that it was an “ exhilarating ” experience for the women involved , who came from all over Ireland , North and South .
“ There was great excitement while we were waiting to go into the water , and it gave everyone an opportunity to bond .
“ There was lots of craic and banter and a lot of laughter , and then off we went .
“ We had a very low tide so there was a little bit of a trek to get out to the water , but once we were in there it was really fabulous .
“ Women just started clapping spontaneously , and the next thing we knew , we were in a circle and there was just a great feeling of solidarity and camaraderie and a great sense of achievement as well , ” she said .
The Irish women ’s achievement and the large amount of money they raised for charity is more important to them than getting their names in the Guinness Book of World Records , which they narrowly missed out on .
“ I'm kind of glad we did n't have enough to break the record , because after the event I realized we would have been more focused on meeting the technical requirements , ” said Garvey .
“ We had brought along a lot of stewards for the record attempt , in case we got the numbers , but the stewards ended up coming into the dip as well so they would have been absolutely no use whatsoever if I had been trying to get a headcount .
“ It was just as well it did n't happen , particularly as this was the first one , so we can look at doing this again next year .
“ It would have taken away from the spontaneity and the fun . ”
CAMBRIDGE , Mass .  Colleagues of Henry Louis Gates Jr. , Harvard ’s most prominent scholar of African - American history , are accusing the police here of racism after he was arrested at his home last week by an officer investigating a report of a robbery in progress .
Professor Gates , who has taught at Harvard for nearly two decades , arrived home on Thursday from a trip to China to find his front door jammed , said Charles J. Ogletree , a law professor at Harvard who is representing him .
He forced the door open with the help of his cab driver , Professor Ogletree said , and had been inside for a few minutes when Sgt. James Crowley of the Cambridge Police Department appeared at his door and asked him to step outside .
Professor Gates , 58 , refused to do so , Professor Ogletree said .
From that point , the account of the professor and the police began to differ .
There were reports of confrontations near the Interior Ministry , which oversaw the elections , and in Vanak Square , in north - central Tehran , and the city 's text messaging services — a major form of communication here — were not working .
( McClatchy ) A reporter saw groups of armored , baton - wielding special forces units charge and disperse groups of students along central Vali Asr Street , occasionally striking civilians with their batons .
( BBC ) A crowd of about 3,000 attacked the police , some of whom were on motorbikes , which they set on fire .
The sky was thick with black smoke .
Police attacked the crowd with sticks and maybe teargas .
I did n't expect to see people turning on the secret police .
We were filming when we were surrounded by angry secret policemen .
The crowd turned on them and chased them off .
I suspect we are not looking at a revolution but there is serious anger .
It all depends on how the government responds - if they use violence , that could inflame the situation .
John Simpson - BBC
Fast Caching with Django and Nginx
I 've been toying with optimizing the caching on my blog recently – for my own interest ( this humble blog does n't get all that much traffic ) .
All the same , any speed improvements will only mean snappier page - loads and greater capacity to handle a slashdotting , or similar .
I discovered that Nginx has a memcached module that can serve pages directly from memcached without touching the file - system , or a downstream web - app .
Which makes for very fast response times .
To get it working , you need to set a cache key named with the url of the page , and the value to the HTML .
Alas , this means that it would not work with Django 's caching mechanism due to the way Django caches unique pages based on the contents of the request header .
Still , the promise of serving up cached pages without even touching Django was most tempting .
So I took the cache middleware from Django and butchered it so that it created a simple enough cache key for Nginx to handle .
Here 's the code that generates a cache key , given a request :
def get_cache_key ( request , key_prefix = None ) : if key_prefix is None : key_prefix = settings .
CACHE_MIDDLEWARE_KEY_PREFIX cache_key = ' %s . %s ' % ( key_prefix , request .
path ) return cache_key
The following snippet , taken from my Nginx conf file , creates a variable called $ memcached_key that matches the cache_key generated in the Python code .
If that key exists in memcache it is served directly , otherwise it proxies through to the Django app .
location / {
set $ memcached_key .$uri ;
memcached_pass 127.0.0.1:11211 ;
default_type text / html ;
error_page 404 = /dynamic$uri ;
}
location / dynamic {
proxy_pass http://127.0.0.1:80/;
include /etc/nginx/proxy.conf ;
}
Unfortunately my butchering of Django 's cache code meant that it would no longer handle dynamic pages .
I compensated for this by re-writing any urls with dynamic content so that they went directly to the app .
rewrite /xhr / /dynamic$uri ;
rewrite / search / /dynamic$uri ;
Yet another casualty was Django auth – I could n't access any pages as a logged in user .
The work - around for this was to create a sub - domain that pointed at the same IP , but did n't do the caching via Nginx .
That way , I can use the sub - domain for any site admin work .
So far , this Frankenstein cache mechanism seems to be working nicely – pages are served as rapidly as memcached can pluck them out of memory .
If you would like to see the code , Django Techblog is open source .
It was meant to satisfy my own needs in a blogging engine , but hopefully it will be of use to others .
And it would be very cool if there were other Techblogs on the interwebs !
BRÜTAL LEGEND Fact Sheet
PRESENTS : PLAYSTATION 3 ™
Xbox 360 ™
Brütal Legend
Product Description
From the mind of Tim Schafer and Double Fine Productions comes Brütal Legend , a 3rd person Action game rich in combat , imagery and storytelling that delivers lighter - flicking fun sure to melt your face clean off .
Brütal Legend tells the tale Eddie Riggs , the ultimate roadie .
The “ roadie ’s roadie ” , Eddie is the 1st person anyone calls when they need guitars tuned or stages rigged .
With a love for hot rods and a photographic memory for every Heavy Metal album cover , and the lyrics those albums contained , committed to memory , Eddie has always felt out of place , like he should have been born earlier , when the music was real .
One night a stage accident knocks Eddie unconscious .
With his blood dripping into the belt buckle he wears , a gift from his father , his blood quenches an ancient thirst that sucks him into a world that looks very strange yet oddly familiar , a world where every Heavy Metal album cover and lyric Eddie knows has come to life , a world where the evil emperor Doviculus and his demon army , The Tainted Coil , have enslaved the last remaining humans .
Led by Lars Halford alongside his sister Lita and the mysterious Ophelia , the human resistance is far from helpless .
However , what they lack is someone to bring them all together ; someone who can organize them and lead them into battle , what they need is a roadie .
Under Eddie ’s command , this barbaric force of hot-rods , Marshall stacks , leather , and chrome will bring this ancient world into the age of Metal .
Key Features
• Action Combat !
– Brütal Legend ’s core gameplay is classic Action .
From close quarter blows delivered by The Separator , Eddie ’s blood soaked broad axe , to ranged combat from your demon - slaying guitar named Clementine , as well as vehicular attacks supplied by your hot rod , The Deuce ( aka The Druid Plow ) , Brütal Legend delivers deep , rewarding , fun combat that will have you throwing your “ devil horns ” in the air .
• A World Like No Other – Inspired by some of the most iconic album art and lyrics of all - time , Brütal Legend features a streaming , open world rich with detail , from mountains made of guitar amps to big block V8 engines rising from the ground , delivering a world truly unique and unlike anything you ’ve seen before .
• Titans of Stage and Screen – Lead by Jack Black as the voice of Eddie Riggs , the epic cast of Brütal Legend features vocal talent providing by some of Metal ’s biggest names , including Rob Halford of Judas Priest , Lemmy Kilmister of Motörhead , Lita Ford and more .
• Online Multiplayer – Take the Metal madness online in Brütal Legend ’s Multiplayer mode that combines action combat with a strategic unit-control mechanic that allows the player to direct their army in The Battle of the Bands , where the ultimate trophy is survival
• Upgrade Your Arsenal – Gain “ Lighter Tributes ” throughout the world and visit The Motorforge , where you can upgrade The Separator , Clementine and The Deuce to make them even more lethal on the battlefields
• Tim Schafer – Known for creating a level depth and humor in his characters , Tim Schafer is consistently recognized as one of the gaming industry ’s premier designers and has written such classics as Full Throttle , Grim Fandango and PsychoNauts .
• Fully Licensed Soundtrack – Brütal Legend will feature a fully licensed soundtrack that includes some of the greatest Metal and Rock and Roll songs ever assembled .
Product Specifications
Publisher : Electronic Arts
Developer : Double Fine
Ship Date : Fall 2009
Category : 3rd person Action
+ 27
Institutional Buildings • Huarte / Uharte , Spain Architects : Vaillo + Irigaray / Antonio Vaillo + Juan Luis Irigaray
Year Completion year of this architecture project Year : 2003
Manufacturers Brands with products used in this architecture project Kabel Zaandam Manufacturers :
Text description provided by the architects .
Basic minimum cell = Iso - space
The genesis of the project starts from a basic minimum cell , which as the minimal optimal space can be multiplied , adopting dimensions and structures depending on different uses .
With this , the building is able to achieve a high flexibility , according to the ever changing requirements for this kind of program .
Cloister
The building re uses the " didactic " european tradition , the cloister concept as form structure : this way the program is articulated around a patio .
Perforated container
The " clothes " , acting as " veils " , with different transparency levels , responding to the mimetic abstract relation with the surrounding natural environment : the subtle reflections ( as spider webs ) , the shiny baroque tones , with big embroideries , in front of the naked tree trunks in the winter or with the colorful autumn leafs .
In this building the photography is " almost fake " : it ´s only true at the time of the " click " ... the rest of the thousands of moments , the building is different , each moment .. different .
by
Yesterday the French parliament adopted a proposal to create a “ three - strikes ” system that would kick people off the Internet if they are accused of copyright infringement three times .
This is such a good idea that it should be applied to other media as well .
Here is my modest proposal to extend three - strikes to the medium of print , that is , to words on paper .
My proposed system is simplicity itself .
The government sets up a registry of accused infringers .
Anybody can send a complaint to the registry , asserting that someone is infringing their copyright in the print medium .
If the government registry receives three complaints about a person , that person is banned for a year from using print .
As in the Internet case , the ban applies to both reading and writing , and to all uses of print , including informal ones .
In short , a banned person may not write or read anything for a year .
A few naysayers may argue that print bans might be hard to enforce , and that banning communication based on mere accusations of wrongdoing raises some minor issues of due process and free speech .
But if those issues do n’t trouble us in the Internet setting , why should they trouble us here ?
Yes , if banned from using print , some students will be unable to do their school work , some adults will face minor inconvenience in their daily lives , and a few troublemakers will not be allowed to participate in — or even listen to — political debate .
Maybe they ’ll think more carefully the next time , before allowing themselves to be accused of copyright infringement .
In short , a three - strikes system is just as good an idea for print as it is for the Internet .
Which country will be the first to adopt it ?
Once we have adopted three - strikes for print , we can move on to other media .
Next on the list : three - strikes systems for sound waves , and light waves .
These media are too important to leave unprotected .
[ Français ]
Dale , who writes the comics .
at last precious release
It 's been an exciting week here at Damage Irreversible studios deep in the forbidden forest where nobody treads and the leaves whisper at you late in the bright but moonless night and the path spreads into an endless maze in which the wary traveller may lose themselves and all recollection FOREVER !
There hanging high in the secret crevices of the trees David and I watch your helpless figure -- a speck among a tangled copse , devoid of all memory , search for a brief but fleeting moment of orientation in strange stars barely revealed by a shifting canopy before you finally disappear , obliterated by the world as you have forgotten yourself .
Soon we are ready to collect your articles left scattered with no body to whom they belong , a wristwatch , the last of your dwindling water , your message undelivered , and an item -- precious and mysterious .
We turn it over in our grubby fingers like the savage monkeys we are , unkempt and unfamiliar with the oddities of the procession of civilization long forgotten .
Why is it so bright ?
What does it mean ?
Can we eat it ?
Can we use it ?
Is it powerful ?
Inevititably , its secrets lost , we cast it among the pile of artifacts collected of which we can determine no purpose .
And wait for the next poor soul to make similar mistakes as we chitter among the trees , eyes flashing like a distant reflection of something familiar .
Astute readers , lost in our twisted maze , may recognize our grand themes by now -- cruel fate , burning , helplessness and how to help with that , the --
Where was I ?
You
in the back ,
stand up .
" You were talking about Damage 's GRAND THEMES " What 's your name son ?
" Chuck , I go to tech school in Texas and I 'm reading the comic at my lab job right now . "
I like your style !
" Thanks ! "
So - the GRAND THEMES , love , death , money , myself .
We may also recognize CLASSICAL overtones , most notably the tale of Amazon queen Penthesilea .
" But Professor Dale , are n't you starving ? "
Jesus , I 'm SO hungry .
Why do n't you feed me !
I ingest my nutrients through a paypal button located at the bottom of the site .
ok ?
ok .
Dale Comment / Read Comments David , who draws the comics .
Death - In - The - Forest Double Espresso
As usual , everything has been left to the last possible minute , where it is at least safe for a while .
While working on the new issue , I several times felt my gentle nature retreating , like a frothy ocean tide which draws away from a craggy shore .
The ingredients of this savage mood are one part darkened room , one part Joy Divison , two parts homicide of my True Love , three parts restless ambition , and two parts creeping self - doubt .
My brother gave me some of his pajama pants and they fit me pretty well .
Last night was the second jam session of our newly - dubbed awesome band , Over - Educated Jam Pot .
Roger , Dale and I rocked out in irregular fashion amidst the elegant ambiance of my parents ' living room .
They have a grand piano and Roger knows how it likes to be handled .
Seriously , that boy is a musical magician of the instrumental condition .
We made up a song about haunted houses that was pretty good .
So anyway , a lot of blood , sweat and tears go into bringing you ALILBTDRI every week .
Seriously , it 's disgusting .
Ever since issue 7 , I always feel like the comic is n't done when we post it , even though I spend more and more time on each one .
I think they 're just getting more complex , so there are more and more elements to bring into harmony .
Apparently Cezanne once said -- or said repeatedly , for all I know -- that paintings never get finished , they just get abandoned .
I think about that sometimes , because it makes me feel more OK .
And finally , a story :
There was once a little girl named Pauline who said that she would die if she said her name three times while walking backwards .
Her parents did n't believe her , and they made her do it so that she 'd get over her fear .
This was during their family vacation at Humbolt Redwoods State Park in California , where the oldest verified redwood stands , aged a venerable 2 , 200 years .
Anyway , little Pauline took three steps back , her voice quavering as she spoke her name with each step .
As soon as she 'd pronounced " - line " the third time , a shattering was heard above , and an enormous 2,200 - year - old redwood branch came thundering down on the poor girl , stuffing her skinny body into the ground just like a horse shoe peg .
Everyone thought it was really weird .
THE END .
Love , David Comment / Read Comments
Microsoft today officially announced Microsoft Security Essentials ( MSE ) , its free , real - time consumer antimalware solution for fighting viruses , spyware , rootkits , and trojans .
Currently being tested by Microsoft employees and a select few testers , MSE is Microsoft 's latest offering intended to help users fight the threats that plague Windows PCs .
Microsoft notes that the threat ecosystem has expanded to include rogue security software , auto - run malware , fake or pirated software and content , as well as banking malware , and the company is aiming to help the users who are not well protected .
A beta of MSE will be available in English and Brazilian Portuguese for public download at microsoft.com / security_essentials on June 23 , 2009 for the first 75,000 users .
This is a target number , but Microsoft is willing to increase it if necessary .
After the first beta , Microsoft will release a second public build , either a Beta Refresh or a Release Candidate , for the summer .
Finally , Microsoft is aiming to release the final product in the fall , though it may adjust that based on feedback .
MSE will be available as standalone 32 - bit and 64 - bit downloads for Windows XP , Windows Vista , and Windows 7 .
Microsoft has always recommended that its users use real - time antimalware protection , but the release by the end of this year will mark the company 's first free solution .
MSE was previously referred to as codename Morro when Microsoft first revealed it in November 2008 .
The announcement came as the company surprised everyone by saying it would be phasing out the pay - for Windows Live OneCare in favor of a free security solution .
Sales of the Windows Live OneCare subscription service as well as Windows Live OneCare for Server on SBS 2008 are scheduled to end at the end of the month .
While OneCare offered a Managed Firewall , PC Performance Tuning , Data Backup and Restore , Multi-PC Management , and Printer Sharing , MSE is really closer to Forefront Client Security , Microsoft 's antivirus product for the enterprise .
Features and performance
Microsoft touts five features of Microsoft Security Essentials :
Remove most - prevalent malware
Remove known viruses
Real - time anti-virus protection
Remove known spyware
Real - time anti-spyware protection
You 'll likely notice that the last two features can be attributed to Windows Defender , which is offered as a standalone download for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 , ships with Windows Vista , and will ship with Windows 7 .
During the MSE installation , Windows Defender is actually disabled as it is no longer needed with MSE installed .
Nevertheless , the UI was based on Windows Defender 's , and Microsoft emphasized that keeping the UI as simple as possible was very important .
Below you can see two screenshots , with the first showing MSE when everything is nice and dandy while the second shows that a threat has been detected .
While users can choose to clean the threat from the main MSE window , the more likely scenario is an alert popping up and a user choosing to clean the threat straight from the alert with a single click .
MSE 's engine is actually identical to the one that ships with Forefront Client Security ; in fact , Microsoft uses the same engine for all of its security products .
Thus , engine updates to MSE will be delivered at the same time as they are delivered to Forefront .
Signature updates , on the other hand , can be delivered at different times and frequencies than Microsoft 's other security software .
New virus signatures for MSE will be downloaded automatically on a daily basis .
One of the most interesting features for MSE is Dynamic Signature Service ( DSS ) .
When MSE detects that a file is making suspicious actions ( such as unexpected network connections , attempting to modify privileged parts of the system , or downloading known malicious content ) and there is no virus signature for it , MSE will send a profile of the suspected malware to Microsoft 's servers .
If there is a new signature for it , one that has yet to be sent out to the MSE client , MSE will be told how to clean the file .
It should be emphasized that this communication will only occur for malware found that is not in the current signatures .
This is a completely new feature and indeed the next version of Forefront will also use DSS .
The actual security aspect aside , the most important part of security software is undoubtedly performance .
Since MSE does n't include many of the features of OneCare , this is an area that Microsoft has a chance to excel in .
In fact , the company includes three features in MSE to keep it light : CPU throttling ( the system will remain responsive to the user 's tasks ) , idle - time scanning ( scans and updates use a low - priority thread and only run when the PC is idle ) , as well as smart caching and active memory swapping ( virus signatures not in use are not loaded into memory ) .
It should also be noted that MSE is very small ; when MSE first leaked out yesterday , we noted that the installer sizes range from just over 3MB to just over 7MB ( the folder installed takes up about 11 MB ) .
The leanness of MSE is also evident when looking at the system requirements :
For Windows XP , a PC with a CPU with clock speed of at least 500MHz and at least 256MB of RAM
For Windows Vista and Windows 7 , a PC with a CPU with clock speed of at least 1.0GHz and at least 1GB of RAM
VGA ( display ) : 800x600 or higher
Storage : 140 MB of available hard - disk space
An Internet connection is required for installation and to download the latest virus and spyware definitions .
One other thing we noticed yesterday was that genuine validation was required during the installation of MSE .
This seems slightly counterproductive since MSE is targeted at those who cannot pay for security solutions .
These consumers are also likely to have pirated Windows instead of paying for it , and thus can not use MSE because their copy is not genuine .
Such a user will then either remain without a security solution or will decide to use another free alternative .
When Ars asked about this , Theresa Burch , director of product management for Microsoft Security Essentials , responded that Microsoft 's intent is to drive the market towards PCs with genuine copies of Windows , obviously for the sake of the bottom line , but also for the sake of security .
Microsoft maintains that nongenuine copies of Windows are more likely to be compromised because they tend not to have the latest updates and they can be malware - ridden from the start .
Further , she emphasized that Microsoft 's intent is not to convert consumers from other security solutions and that the main goal is to keep consumers secure , regardless of whether that means using Microsoft 's security solutions or third - party ones .
One last thing Ars discussed with Burch was the " Essentials " branding .
We 've seen it before with Windows Live Essentials , but Burch says MSE will not be included in this suite , even though non-Windows Live applications like Silverlight are included .
Microsoft is likely aiming to release MSE in time for Windows 7 ( slated to arrive on October 22 ) , but unlike Windows Live Essentials , Burch says there will be no download link for MSE included in the final version .
This is a curious decision given that Redmond wants to push MSE out to all those that currently do not have a security solution ( between 50 and 60 percent of Windows users , according to Microsoft ) .
Nevertheless , it can be quite easily explained : Microsoft wants to avoid antitrust issues .
MSE will be available for download directly from Microsoft , but the company will have to advertise it one way or another because these users are n't exactly going to flock excitedly to download a security suite , regardless of how bad or good it will end up being .
For now , MSE looks like a surprisingly solid free product , but we will reserve further judgment until the product makes its way out of beta .
Research :
Hiding Information in Retransmissions
Wojciech Mazurczyk , Milosz Smolarczyk , Krzysztof Szczypiorski
The paper presents a new steganographic method called RSTEG ( Retransmission Steganography ) , which is intended for a broad class of protocols that utilises retransmission mechanisms .
The main innovation of RSTEG is to not acknowledge a successfully received packet in order to intentionally invoke retransmission .
The retransmitted packet carries a steganogram instead of user data in the payload field .
RSTEG is presented in the broad context of network steganography , and the utilisation of RSTEG for TCP ( Transport Control Protocol ) retransmission mechanisms is described in detail .
Simulation results are also presented with the main aim to measure and compare the steganographic bandwidth of the proposed method for different TCP retransmission mechanisms as well as to determine the influence of RSTEG on the network retransmissions level .
Why Is Meet the Press Having So Many Problems With Health Care ?
" Meet the Press " has really got to step up its game on the health - care debate .
Last week , host David Gregory tweeted " Compelling fact today : dem - wh health care plan would only cover 16 of the 50 mill uninsured .
That makes it a harder sell .
Info from cbo . "
Problem was , his fact was n't much of a fact .
CBO did n't score a " Dem - White House " plan .
It scored a partial version of the Senate HELP Committee 's plan .
The White House was n't involved .
And nor , for that matter , would that plan have only covered 16 million .
The version of the bill examined by CBO was missing the employer mandate and the specifics on the individual mandate .
It was missing , in other words , the parts of the bill that would cover people .
Gregory was right to say that the CBO score was a setback .
But not for the reasons he suggested .
But so be it .
That was just a tweet !
Less forgivable was Nina Easton 's performance on the actual program last weekend .
She explained to the viewers that " the big speed bump this week , of course , was that CBO , Congressional Budget Office , study that said that the costs of a public plan are going to be well beyond what they expected . "
Later , she said that the CBO estimate " showed that 16 to 23 million people would lose their private or other type of health insurance if that public plan went through . "
One problem :
The bill that the CBO scored did n't have any public plan in it at all .
Her statements were simply untrue .
On a related note , I 'm generally free Sunday mornings .
I 've been reporting for a long time on the many ways that the immigration debate has served as a critical nexus in the intersection between right - wing extremism and mainstream conservatism .
Last weekend , Sheriff Joe Arpaio -- the quasi - fascist chief law - enforcement officer of Arizona 's Maricopa County , currently under DOJ investigation for his refusal to abide by court orders and his rampant racial profiling -- provided us with a crystalline example .
Because we got to see a classic case of someone in a position of real power lending the authority of his office to the empowerment of far - right radicals -- unintentionally , perhaps ( though not likely ) , but with the same result regardless .
On Saturday , May 2 , several thousand people came out to march in protest of Arpaio 's increasingly thuggish tactics .
And as is often the case with such events , there was a little knot of neo - Nazis out there to counter - protest .
This meant they were out there to support Arpaio .
The first part of the above video is taken from footage shot by one of these counter - protesters .
A little ways in , you 'll see a black Cadillac pull up containing none other than Sheriff Joe himself , who has decided to stop by and say hello to his supporters .
He lets one of them pose for a picture .
As it happens , the young man posing for him is none other than Thomas Coletto , aka " Vito Lombardi " -- who , as Stephen Lemons reports , is not only the local leader of a neo - Nazi outfit , but was also busted for burglary in a supposed " Columbine " - type plot two years ago .
After posing with Arpaio , Coletto posted the shot on the neo -Nazi forum Stormfront .
And it 's not as if Arpaio recoiled and hurried on when he figured out who he was talking to .
You can see in the video he pulls over and shakes hands with someone in group standing with a Confederate flag .
The rest of the video is compiled from other footage available on YouTube , particularly the work of 287g Gots2go , who let us see what this little clutch of white nationalists was like from the other side of the camera .
I think it tells everything we need to know about who Sheriff Arpaio counts on for his support .
It also tells us everything we need to know about how these people feel empowered enough to come crawling out from under the rocks beneath which they usually hide .
Dan Weiss at Imagine 2050 has more .
I was banished to the stockroom , says disabled shop girl now suing Abercrombie & Fitch for discrimination
Riam Dean is suing Abercrombie and Fitch for discrimination and is seeking damages of £ 25,000
A disabled law student is suing retailer Abercrombie & Fitch for discrimination , claiming it made her work in a stockroom because her prosthetic arm did n't fit its public image .
Riam Dean , 22 , was just days into a part - time job at the U.S. firm 's flagship London store when she says she was asked to leave the shop floor .
She claims she was told she broke the company 's ' Look Policy ' , which dictates how members of staff are meant to present themselves .
The company has been criticised for recruiting only young and beautiful assistants and was recently forced to settle a £ 25 million law suit over the issue in the U.S .
Shoppers entering its new Savile Row shop are greeted by two bare - chested young men , clad in low - slung jeans and flip flops .
Miss Dean , from Greenford , West London , applied for a job with the company last May to fund the final months of her law degree at London 's Queen Mary University .
She was born with her left forearm missing and has worn a prosthetic limb since she was three months old but insists she has never allowed her disability to get in her way .
She said : ' I was never asked whether I had a disability at my interview and , to be honest , it never occurred to me to mention it .
' It would n't stop me doing my job and I certainly did n't want or expect any special treatment .
' All they seemed interested in was taking my photograph to make sure I had the right image . '
After being told she had got the job she went along to an induction day where she was issued a 45 - page handbook listing in minute detail the company 's strict Look Policy .
It stipulates that staff must represent a ' natural , classic American style ' and instructs them on everything from how to wear their hair ( clean and natural ) to how long they should wear their nails ( a quarter of an inch past the end of the finger ) .
She was also given a uniform of jeans and a polo shirt , although the company handbook does state that sales associates can wear their own clothing as long as it is in ' Abercrombie style ' .
Miss Dean , who normally wears long - sleeved tops to disguise the join between her upper arm and artificial limb , says she was told to buy a plain white cardigan to wear over her uniform .
But matters came to a head a few days later .
Abercrombie & Fitch 's flagship store in London where Riam worked
' A worker from what they call the " visual team " , people who are employed to go round making sure the shop and its staff look up to scratch , came up to me and demanded I take the cardigan off .
' I told her , yet again , that I had been given special permission to wear it , ' she recalled .
' A few minutes later my manager came over to me and said : " I can't have you on the shop floor as you are breaking the Look Policy .
Go to the stockroom immediately and I 'll get someone to replace you . "
' I pride myself on being quite a confident girl but I had never experienced prejudice like that before and it made me feel utterly worthless .
' Afterwards I telephoned the company 's head office where a member of staff asked whether I was willing to work in the stockroom until the winter uniform arrived .
' That was the final straw .
I just could n't go back . '
Miss Dean , who has just sat her final law exams , is due to take her case to the Central London Employment Tribunal later this month and is seeking damages of £ 25,000 .
Four years ago , Abercrombie settled the £ 25 million lawsuit , in which nine former employees accused the firm of discrimination .
The litigants , all from ethnic minority groups , said they were forced to work in stockrooms or take night shifts because they did not fit the ' Abercrombie look ' .
A spokesman for Abercrombie & Fitch said : ' A& F has a strong anti-discrimination and anti-harassment policy and is committed to providing a supportive and dignified environment for all of its employees . '
Alex Wong / Getty Images
Updated
Senator John Ensign , Republican of Nevada , on Tuesday admitted that he had an extramarital affair with a member of his campaign staff .
Mr. Ensign led the Republicans ’ campaign efforts in 2008 and had been contemplating a run for president in 2012 .
An aide said the consensual affair took place between December 2007 and August 2008 , and that the woman worked for both Mr. Ensign ’s campaign operation , Ensign for Senate , as well as a conservative political action committee , Battleborn PAC , from December 2006 to May 2008 .
Mr. Ensign is honorary chairman of the PAC .
The woman ’s husband was a member of Mr. Ensign ’s official Senate staff .
Neither has worked for the senator since May 2008 , the aide said .
Here is a video of his statement , broadcast on a CBS affiliate in Nevada :
Watch CBS Videos Online
Mr. Ensign , 51 , is married and has three children .
During college at Colorado State University , he became a born - again Christian and he and his wife , Darlene , were active in the Promise Keepers , an evangelical group .
In a statement released by his office in Washington , Mr. Ensign said : “ I take full responsibility for my actions .
I know that I have deeply hurt and disappointed my wife , my children , my family , my friends , my staff and the people of Nevada who believed in me not just as a legislator but as a person .
I deeply regret and am very sorry for my actions . ”
Mr. Ensign ’s wife also issued a statement , reaffirming her commitment to her husband : “ Since we found out last year we have worked through the situation and we have come to a reconciliation .
This has been difficult on both families .
With the help of our family and close friends our marriage has become stronger .
I love my husband . ”
Mr. Ensign is a veterinarian and owned two animal hospitals in Las Vegas before entering politics .
He was elected to the House in 1994 , and to the Senate in 2000 and again in 2006 .
The Democratic majority leader , Harry Reid , who is Nevada ’s senior senator , issued a statement expressing concern for his fellow Nevadan .
“ This is a very personal matter , ” a spokesman , Jon Summers , said in a statement .
“ Senator Reid ’s thoughts are with Senator Ensign and his family as they go through this difficult time . ”
WASHINGTON – One Metro transit train smashed into the rear of another at the height of the capital city 's Monday evening rush hour , killing at least six people and injuring scores of others as the front end of the trailing train jackknifed violently into the air and fell atop the first .
Cars of both trains were ripped open and smashed together in the worst accident in the Metrorail system 's 33 - year history .
District of Columbia fire spokesman Alan Etter said crews had to cut some people out of what he described as a " mass casualty event . "
Rescue workers propped steel ladders up to the upper train cars to help survivors scramble to safety .
Seats from the smashed cars spilled out onto the track .
D.C. Mayor Adrian
Fenty said six were confirmed dead .
Fire Chief Dennis Rubin said rescue workers treated 76 people at the scene and sent some of them to local hospitals , six with critical injuries .
A search for further victims continued into the night .
A Metro official said the dead included the operator of the trailing train .
Her name was not immediately released .
President Barack Obama sent his condolences to the victims of the crash .
" Michelle and I were saddened by the terrible accident in Northeast Washington , D.C. , today , " Obama said in a statement issued Monday night .
" Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends affected by this tragedy . "
The president also thanked rescue personnel who helped to save lives .
The crash around 5 p.m. EDT took place on the system 's red line , Metro 's busiest , which runs below ground for much of its length but is at ground level at the accident site near the Maryland border in northeast Washington .
Metro chief John Catoe said the first train was stopped on the tracks , waiting for another to clear the station ahead , when the trailing train , one of the oldest in the Metro fleet , plowed into it from behind .
Officials had no explanation for the accident .
The National Transportation Safety Board took charge of the investigation and sent a team to the site .
DC police and the FBI also had investigators at the scene to help search the wreckage for any overlooked injured or dead passengers and evidence .
Officials would not say how fast the train was traveling at the time of the accident .
The crash occurred in an area with a sizable distance between rail stations in which trains are allowed to travel at higher speeds , Metro spokeswoman Candace Smith said .
Investigators are searching the wreckage for the trains ' devices that record operating speeds and commands , NTSB member Debbie Hersman said .
Each train had six cars and was capable of holding as many as 1,200 people .
Hersman said the trains were bound for downtown .
That would mean they were less likely to be filled during the afternoon rush hour .
The trains had pulled out of the Takoma Park station and were headed in the direction of the Fort Totten station .
More than 200 firefighters from D.C. , Maryland and Virginia eventually converged on the scene .
Sabrina Webber , a 45 - year - old real estate agent who lives in the neighborhood , said the first rescuers to arrive had to use the " jaws of life " to pry open a wire fence along rail line to get to the train .
Webber raced to the scene after hearing a loud boom like a " thunder crash " and then sirens .
She said there was no panic among the survivors .
Passenger Jodie Wickett , a nurse , told CNN she was seated on one train , sending text messages on her phone , when she felt the impact .
She said she sent a message to someone that it felt like the train had hit a bump .
" From that point on , it happened so fast , I flew out of the seat and hit my head . "
Wickett said she stayed at the scene and tried to help .
She said " people are just in very bad shape . "
" The people that were hurt , the ones that could speak , were calling back as we called out to them , " she said .
" Lots of people were upset and crying , but there were no screams . "
One man said he was riding a bicycle across a bridge over the Metro tracks when the sound of the crash got his attention .
" I did n't see any panic , " Barry Student said .
" The whole situation was so surreal . "
At Howard University Hospital , Dr. Johnnie Ford , an emergency room doctor , said a 14 - year - old girl suffered two broken legs in the accident .
A 20 - year - old male patient " looked like he had been tumbled around quite a bit , bumps and bruises from head to toe , " Ford said .
Homeland Security Department spokeswoman Amy Kudwa said less than two hours after the crash that federal authorities had no indication of any terrorism connection .
" I do n't know the reason for this accident , " Metro's Catoe said .
" I would still say the system is safe , but we 've had an incident . "
Monday 's crash was the third major subway or commuter rail crash in a big city in the past nine months .
In the earlier accidents :
• In September 2008 , a commuter rail train and a freight train crashed in Los Angeles , killing 25 people .
The crash was blamed on an engineer on the commuter rail sending text messages on a cell phone .
• Last month about 50 people were injured in Boston when one trolley rear - ended another .
The conductor admitted to sending a text message when the crash occurred .
No reason was given for the Washington crash , but some safety experts are concerned about the recent increase .
" I 'm not sure if everyone in the safety system is paying the proper attention that needs to be paid , " said Barry Sweedler , a San Francisco - based safety consultant and former investigator and manager at the NTSB .
" These things should n't be happening . "
However , Robert Lauby , a former NTSB rail investigator , said the increase in accidents could well be mere coincidence .
" Just because you had them does n't mean there 's a specific issue that caused them , " Lauby said .
The only other time in Metrorail 's 33 - year history that there were passenger fatalities was on Jan. 13 , 1982 , when three people died as a result of a derailment underneath downtown .
That was a day of disaster in the capital — shortly before the subway crash , an Air Florida plane slammed into the 14th Street Bridge immediately after takeoff in a severe snowstorm from Washington National Airport across the Potomac River .
The plane crash killed 78 people .
___
Associated Press writers Brett J. Blackledge , Eileen Sullivan , Richard Lardner , Jim Kuhnhenn and Seth Borenstein in Washington and AP researcher Judith Ausuebel in New York contributed to this report .
Hundreds of men have answered the advert on the Sunoo website
Almost 400 South Korean men have entered a competition to marry a businesswoman with a fortune worth about $ 18 m ( £ 11 m ) .
The men were responding to an advert on the Sunoo matchmaking website .
The woman , 49 , is described by Sunoo as " elegant , slim , feminine and active " and is looking for a " soulmate " .
Eight finalists have been chosen from the 394 applicants , aged 37 - 49 , and include company employees , teachers and bank workers .
" As a business operator , she was too busy to find her husband herself , " a Sunoo spokeswoman told reporters .
" The bride prefers average but serious persons to high - flying professionals , " the spokeswoman said .
The unnamed woman enjoys sports and travelling , and she wants her new man to have a " warm heart " .
" She wants a soulmate with passion for life , who will share the ups and downs of life and can spend time to travel with her " said Sunoo 's spokeswoman .
The millionaire plans to interview two or three of her eight finalists each month until she finds her match .
The Prince Georges County , Maryland , Sheriff 's Department has finished its investigation into a drug raid last summer in which deputies charged into the home of the mayor of Berwyn Heights and killed two family dogs .
Not surprisingly , the department cleared itself of any wrongdoing .
PolitickerMD cartoon about the raid on the Calvo home
Equally unsurprisingly , Berwyn Heights Mayor Cheye Calvo , one of the victims of the raid , disagrees .
He said in a Monday press conference he was would file a lawsuit in Prince Georges County Circuit Court against officials in the sheriff 's office and police department .
Calvo said he will seek to force the county to change its policies for deploying SWAT teams , adding that he believes there are problems with how the force serves search warrants , treats animals , and detains people .
PG Sheriff Michael Jackson does n't see it that way .
The departmental review of the raid was " consistent with what I 've felt all along :
My deputies did their job to the fullest extent of their abilities , " he said at a news conference last Friday as he announced the whitewash .
The raid drew national attention when SWAT team members tracking a package of marijuana delivered to the Calvo home without the residents ' knowledge burst into the house , shot and killed the family 's two Labrador retrievers , and detained Calvo and his mother - in - law for several hours .
One dog was shot four times by the front door .
The other was shot twice as it ran from officers .
The sheriff 's office later admitted that the Calvos had nothing to do with the drug delivery , which was a ruse by traffickers to avoid shipping to their own locations ( and avoiding SWAT raids like the one the Calvos endured ) .
" I 'm sorry for the loss of their family pets , " Jackson said .
" But this is the unfortunate result of the scourge of drugs in our community .
Lost in this whole incident was the criminal element ...
In the sense that we kept these drugs from reaching our streets , this operation was a success . "
Again , Calvo disagreed .
" It 's outrageous , " he said .
" Not only is he not admitting any wrongdoing , but he 's saying this went down the way it was supposed to and he 's actually commending his police officers for what they did . "
The botched raid has already led to a new Maryland law imposing strict reporting requirements on SWAT teams .
Now , given the instransigence of the sheriff 's office , it may result in even more changes in gung - ho policing , at least in Prince Georges County .
[ Ed : Sheriff Jackson was not entirely straightforward with the public during his press conference last week .
First , when he said they were successful in the sense that they " kept these drugs from reaching our streets , " that was flat out not true .
The package was intercepted by police in Arizona .
It was disguised members of Sheriff Jackson 's force who delivered the package to the home , before they staked it out waiting for someone to come back and bring it inside .
Maybe they just could n't think of any of the obvious alternatives to doing a SWAT raid in this situation , but Sheriff Jackson at a minimum should be able to distinguish between his police officers and the drug agents in Arizona -- not the same people .
Secondly , Jackson claimed that they were justified in storming the home , rather than doing a standard knock and announce , because Mayor Calvo 's mother - in - law had seen them and screamed -- the officers were " compromised , " he said , because their presence was already known to the people inside the house .
But that makes no sense at all , because knock and announce raids inform the people inside that the police are calling , by definition .
By Jackson 's line of reasoning , any knock and announce raid automatically compromises the police officers carrying it out -- but knock and announce is the standard way of serving a warrant .
No doubt Jackson 's lies and distortions will come back to haunt him in court as the mayor 's lawsuit moves forward .
- DB ]
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
This article is marked as ' retired ' .
The information here may be out of date and / or incomplete .
Jacques Anatole François Thibault , AKA Anatole France , who won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1921 , once said “ Never lend books , for no one ever returns them ; the only books I have in my library are books that other folks have lent to me . ”
Seems like good advice , but advice I am incapable of heeding .
I ’m too attached to my books .
I love them enough that I want to share them , and I want to get them back .
It ’s literary greed , and I know it .
Were I the altruist my noblest intentions persuade me to be , I would surrender my books to an interesting quest like that of Bookcrossing .com .
It ’s an attempt to allow anyone to share in the opulence that is a good book .
The scheme is the take a good and trusted tome , label , place it in a public location , and log it in the site .
Once the book is found the label therein will allow the finder to look up WHY it was left , and to potentially join in the organization .
It could be a fascinating chance to be exposed to new flavors of thought at a reasonable expense⁠ — ideally only to do the same for someone else in kind .
An interesting prospect , to be sure .
But I have yet to get a firsthand testimonial of its benefits .
Book Crossing Website
What makes marijuana ‘ medical ’?
Only the intent of the user .
Marijuana sold by prescription is chemically identical to the pot that stoners use as a recreational drug .
Derived from the buds and leaves of the cannabis plant , marijuana contains more than 400 chemicals , one of which is THC , which works its way through the bloodstream to the brain , producing a relaxing “ high . ’’
Various cultures have used marijuana medicinally for thousands of years .
In recent years , 13 states have legalized marijuana for medicinal purposes , and several others are currently considering it .
“ It ’s starting to cascade , ” says drug legalization advocate Ethan Nadelman .
“ Our model is the gay rights movement and their recent string of successes with gay marriage . ”
What are pot ’s medicinal uses ?
There are quite a few .
Marijuana is used to treat glaucoma , diabetes , multiple sclerosis , and high blood pressure , among other ailments .
THC also stimulates appetite and calms the stomach in the wake of various AIDS treatments and chemotherapy , allowing patients to hold down food .
Mike Stetler , a Navy veteran who lives in Huerfano County , Colo. , has been using marijuana since 2002 to blunt the chronic pain resulting from a 1990 car accident .
“ The pain is n’t all the way gone , but I can live again , ” says Stetler , who previously had relied on a battery of dangerous narcotics for pain relief .
Are there downsides to using pot in this way ?
Yes .
Marijuana can impede short - term memory as well as physical coordination , reasoning , and problem solving .
Like tobacco , it contains carcinogens and can damage the respiratory system .
There are also problems associated specifically with pot as part of a medical regimen .
There is no standard dose of marijuana , for example , and its potency varies greatly .
But all of these issues would be more easily addressed if the legal landscape were not so confusing .
What does the law say ?
Under federal law , marijuana remains a controlled substance , so in states that have approved medical marijuana , it ’s both legal and illegal .
During the Bush administration , the feds regularly raided state - sanctioned pot dispensaries and indicted their owners .
The Obama administration has signaled that it considers such enforcement a low priority at best .
But it ’s not yet clear what that means for people in the pot trade .
A federal court just last week sentenced a California man to a year in jail for selling medical marijuana from a dispensary that , under state law , is legal .
The dissonance does n’t exist only in Washington ; in many cases , laws are n’t applied uniformly even within states .
Why is enforcement so inconsistent ?
Rules often vary from one locality to the next , depending on the prevailing attitude toward the war on drugs .
Regulations on licensing and transporting pot are spotty , and the line between legal and illegal sales is often far from clear .
In Michigan , where voters endorsed medical marijuana last fall , “ we are simply in a state of confusion , ” says Grand Valley State University criminal justice professor James Houston .
“ Everyone is searching for some proper guidelines . ”
How do patients qualify for pot ?
Essentially , they ask for it .
Oregon , which legalized medical marijuana a decade ago , now has 21,000 “ patients ” — a fast - growing population that seems suspiciously robust for so small a state .
In California , patients suffering from such routine ailments as stress and menstrual cramps have little difficulty finding a doctor to authorize marijuana therapy .
Indeed , standards are so lax that even some proponents of drug decriminalization have come to view medical marijuana as a scam .
“ Many of the ‘ dispensaries ’ are about as medical as a wine store , ” says UCLA drug policy expert Mark Kleiman .
What are these dispensaries like ?
Some strive to look like pharmacies , with tidy vials of pot awaiting customers who have a doctor ’s authorization .
Others look more like hippie dens , complete with pot brownies and THC - laden lollipops for sale .
But it ’s big business either way .
One - eighth of an ounce can be purchased for $ 35 , with more exotic fare retailing for as much as $ 2,500 an ounce .
Because successful dispensaries handle large volumes of cash as well as marijuana , they are prime targets for robberies and frequently deploy burly bodyguards .
Some dispensary owners yearn to become mainstream .
“ Just because there ’s a stigma attached to pot does n’t mean that we should n’t be able to run our business in an intelligent fashion , ” says one owner .
“ The biggest problem facing this industry right now is the stoner mentality . ”
Is medical pot a stalking horse for legalization ?
Possibly .
A recent poll found a slim majority of the nation in favor of medical marijuana , and more states seem likely to follow the path to legalization .
Medical marijuana will be on the ballot in Arizona next year , and in state capitals across the country , lawmakers can hear the seductive call of marijuana sales - tax revenues .
But while medical marijuana has gained a foothold , decades of anti-drug policies wo n’t be easily surmounted .
Drug tests , for example , have become commonplace in many workplaces , and employees who fail can be fired even if medical marijuana was the cause .
And many Americans remain ­resolutely opposed to pot in any form .
New Hampshire State Rep. William Butynski helped derail medical marijuana legislation in his state for a simple reason .
“ There is no such thing , ’’ he insists , “ as ‘ medical ’ marijuana . ”
California dreamin’
True to form , California is at the forefront of the medical marijuana movement .
Legal in the state since 1996 , medicinal pot enjoys a solid base of support .
The number of medical marijuana patients in the state has grown to an estimated 250,000 , with 180 marijuana clubs or dispensaries in Los Angeles alone .
Growers have settled into quasi - respectability , while certain doctors routinely authorize marijuana for their armies of patients .
Dispensary owners claim the industry now provides $ 100 million in taxes to the state treasury .
That ’s a crucial point of leverage in a state facing a cataclysmic budget hole , and it was one of the strongest arguments for a bill , recently introduced in the state legislature , to legalize pot completely .
The state ’s hard - pressed governor last month signaled a willingness to consider that approach .
“ I think it ’s time for debate , ” said Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
“ I think all of those ideas of creating extra revenues — I ’m always for an open debate on it . ”
Miss California USA Carrie Prejean , whose comments opposing gay marriage sparked controversy , has been stripped of her title , officials said today .
The action comes a month after Donald Trump , who runs the Miss USA pageant , announced she would retain the crown .
A spokesperson for K2 Productions , which operates the Miss California , confirmed to The Times that Prejean has been stripped of her crown because of " contract violations . "
Fox News reported that pageant officials contended that she failed to participate in pageant - related events .
The controversy began nearly a month ago , when Prejean was asked about her views on same - sex marriage during the nationally televised Miss USA pageant .
Although she said she believed people were entitled to do as they liked , she said marriage should be recognized only as an institution between a man and a woman .
Trump said he had no problem with Prejean 's comments .
" She gave a very honest answer when asked a tough question , " he said at a New York news conference with Prejean sitting next to him .
" It was the same answer the president of the United States gave ...
She has to be commended . "
Trump also said he reviewed semi-nude photos of Prejean that have surfaced in recent days and concluded they should not disqualify her .
" We are in the 21st century , " said Trump , who owns the pageant .
" We have determined that the pictures taken were fine . "
Prejean , who has appeared on Fox News in recent weeks , could not immediately be reached for comment .
[ Updated at 1:25 p.m. : K2 Productions said Tami Farrell , who was first runner - up in the Miss California USA competition , will take over the crown .
Miss USA officials said in a statement that Trump supported the firing .
In another statement , officials said they took the action because of " Ms. Prejean ’s unwillingness to make appearances on behalf of the Miss California USA organization . " ]
-- Ruben Vives
Photo : L.A. Times file
( CNN ) -- A California judge ruled Thursday that enough evidence exists to hold over former transit police officer Johannes Mehserle on a first - degree murder charge in the shooting death of a 22 - year - old man at an Oakland , California , transit station on New Year 's Day .
Video shows Johannes Mehserle shoot Oscar Grant III in the back as another officer knelt on him .
The ruling means the case will go forward in court .
Bob Connor , an investigator with the Alameda County District Attorney 's office , said a gag order in place prevented release of further information .
Mehserle , 27 , will next appear in court on June 18 .
The shooting drew national attention after grainy cell phone videos of the incident taken by a bystander began circulating on the Internet and news shows , and prompted large and violent demonstrations .
The video showed Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Oscar Grant III , 22 , in the back as another officer kneeled on the unarmed Grant .
Mehserle may have intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun , according to a court filing by his attorney .
Bay Area Rapid Transit police were called to Oakland 's Fruitvale station January 1 after passengers complained about fights on a train .
Officers pulled several men , including Grant , off the train when it arrived at Fruitvale .
Mehserle resigned his position a few days after the incident and was later arrested in Nevada .
Mehserle , who has pleaded not guilty , was released on a $ 3 million bond in February , prompting a fresh round of demonstrations .
Grant 's family has filed a $ 50 million wrongful death lawsuit against the officers involved in the incident .
All About San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit District • TASER International Inc .
In the wilderness , a broken leg can you leave you stranded –or worse .
But if you know how to diagnose , treat , and build a splint with camping gear , you 'll better your odds for survival .
There 's been a fair bit of discussion around RubyGems lately , and some suggestions about what the core problems with RubyGems are .
People have the general sense that there 's something wrong with dependencies , and that it might have something to do with multiple versions being installed in one repository .
It also seems ( to people ) that having require do magical things is Bad ( tm ) .
And in general , people like knowing exactly what versions of things are being loaded .
To some degree , all of these concerns are valid , and led to the rather hackish solution that we distributed with Merb called merb .
thor .
What we did :
Created a manifest for your application that would describe the gems and versions you wanted to use .
That same manifest was used at runtime to load those gems .
Create a virtual environment just for your application , with the one - version - per- environment rule .
This meant that it was always possible to see what versions and gems were being used .
Make it reasonably easy to update the local environment when the manifest changes .
Make such changes * not* require knowledge of the dependencies and versions of either the old or new gems .
What we did not do :
Put all the gems in a single directory , so normal Ruby require would work .
At first glance , this seems like a very good idea .
Instead of relying on magical runtime load - path manipulation , just take , for instance , the merb - core gem , and stick it in a top - level .
Then add that top - level to the load path and you do n't need Rubygems at runtime .
The problem with this fabulous idea is that there is n't a consistent way that people use Rubygems .
Consider the following scenario :
A gem called " bad- behavior " that has a lib loadpath , but puts server.rb , initializer.rb , and omg.rb at the top - level .
In omg.rb , the gem does Dir[ " #{File.dirname( FILE ) } /* " ]. each {|f| require f } .
This works fine when the gem actually owns the entire directory .
But if you drop the gem into a larger file structure ( similar to how other package managers handle the problem ) , its top - level is now everyone else 's top - level .
Another scenario : A gem called rack - silliness that puts its files in rack / , and then calls Dir[ " #{File.dirname( FILE )}/ " ] . each {|f| require f } from rack / silliness.rb .
Again , this works fine if the gem owns the entire directory , but if multiple gems put things in rack /* , moving everything to a shared structure will fail .
With all that said , if we could use a shared structure , things would automatically fall into place .
We would n't need rubygems at runtime .
It would be easy to have separate environments with the one - version rule .
It would be easy to have local environments .
All within the existing Rubygems structure .
The solution I promised
So how do we solve this problem ?
We need to agree to deprecate everything but the following structure for Rubygems :
Given a gem foo , there should be a foo.rb at the top - level , and optionally , a foo directory underneath .
No other files or directories are allowed
Update : What I meant here was lib / foo.rb and lib / foo / ... , which will be the directory that gets added to the load path .
As a result , the vast majority of existing gems would not need to change .
Other solutions that work with Rubygems but use a single shared directory structure assume well - behaved gems only .
If we could enforce well - behaved gems , we would both have an excellent solution in Rubygems proper , and make it easier for people to build additional solutions and plugins around the gem format .
So here 's my proposal :
For the next version of Rubygems , print a warning if installing a gem that does not comply .
Over the next few months , get the few existing gem authors who have non-complying gems to release new versions that comply .
At the same time , I will release a gem plugin that provides virtual environments and local environments for Rubygems ( I have already been working on this ) .
It will support the one - version rule , named virtual environments , a gem manifest for applications , and gem resolution ( thanks to the hard work by Tim Carey - Smith on gem_resolver ) .
In the interim , we have a slightly clunky solution that will work well .
Instead of putting all gems into a single load - path and using that , we leave the current structure ( each gem has its own space ) .
Then , when a gem is installed into an environment , we preresolve all load - paths , and keep a list of them .
When you switch into an environment , we add those load - paths to the default set of Ruby load - paths , which will behave exactly the same , but still support misbehaving gems .
In the long - term , all gems will be able to live side - by - side in a single load - path , which will allow us to create a cleaner version of the virtual environments ( and will improve startup times , especially on JRuby and Google App Engine , but wo n't have any user - facing implications ) .
So , are we up for finally getting our gem packaging format under control ?
P.S. I am aware that rip was just announced , and is attempting to do a lot of the same things .
This blog post has been a long time coming ( the ideas were hatched a year ago , and many are available today as part of Merb ) .
What I 'd like to do here is take the good ideas that exist in Merb , rip , and the Python community and make them native to Rubygems , addressing the problems I outlined above that are inherent to the transition .
It 's perfectly fine for rip to simply require well - formed gems , but a solution that gets us from here to there as a community is important .
This series of Lawnge Chairs from Valkenberg Park in Breda , Netherlands can serve as a green inspiration for the caretakers of public places across the world .
These lawnge chairs look like a radical extension of the green carpet that embrace the public places in Netherlands .
Part of a series of lounge chairs , these seats are a collective effort of designer Lisette Spee and architect Tim Van Den Burg .
Critically looking at the design , it is sad to know that very few natural elements have been used as constituents in this design .
Instead , the duo has gone for metal and artificial grass covering .
There have been deigns of such lawnge chairs that have incorporated green materials , giving a more pleasing ambiance altogether and these chairs could have benefited from those designs .
Leaving the caustic angle aside , these lawnge chairs can be a great way to relax after a hectic work day .
Even on a hot day , these chairs could serve as a resting place , giving you respite from the heat .
[ via Inhabitat ]
SAN FRANCISCO — Nowadays blimps are used mainly as advertising gimmicks meant to make people look up at the sky .
But in a technological twist these slow - moving airships may be making a comeback as the world rediscovers their usefulness for staring back down at earth .
More than 70 years after the Hindenburg disaster doomed the first generation of hydrogen - filled airships , governments around the world are using helium - filled airships as surveillance platforms to track enemies or spot smugglers .
At the same time , commercial and university engineers are testing the potential for airships to serve as floating relay stations for broadband or cellular communications .
As one example in the military realm , the government of Thailand recently ordered an airship to keep watch over its southern provinces where a Muslim insurgency has been blamed for more than 3,300 deaths .
The $ 9.7 million contract with the U.S. firm , Aria International , is an example of how little it can cost a nation to create its own aerial surveillance capability .
“ They 're a poor man 's satellite , ” said Jerry Vorachek , a retired engineer who used to work for Goodyear Aerospace , in Akron , Ohio , home base of the famous Goodyear advertising blimps .
Engineers prefer the term airship to describe the entire genre of lighter - than - air craft and reserve blimp to describe a vessel with no internal support that would deflate like a balloon if emptied of gas .
Vorachek said no matter how airships are constructed , they make ideal observation platforms because they move slowly and can linger longer than competing surveillance aircraft , such as unmanned aerial vehicles .
They are also cheaper to build and operate than any competing surveillance option , he said .
In recent years , Vorachek has served on the Council of Legends , a group of retired Goodyear engineers who have advised the aerospace contractor , Lockheed - Martin Corp. , in its efforts to build the world 's most ambitious airship for the U.S. military .
Lockheed - Martin , which now owns the former Goodyear Aerospace facilities in Akron , is leading a $ 400 million Pentagon program to develop a new generation of unmanned airships that would float at altitudes above 60,000 feet and stay aloft for 10 years , offering continuous surveillance of areas up to 600 - miles in diameter .
According to Lockheed Martin , this proposed High Altitude Airship “ gives users capabilities on par with satellites at a fraction of the cost . ”
But far more modest blimps , to use the popular term , have found military uses in at least 20 countries , including Britain , France , Ireland , Pakistan and Poland , according to a report in the the Economist magazine .
The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , in particular , have helped spur the deployment of lighter - than - air surveillance systems .
“ It 's all about having the high ground , ” said Eric Brothers , a board member of the Lighter than Air Society , an enthusiast group based in Akron that has about 700 members worldwide .
Brothers says that while military surveillance remains the predominant use for airships , there have been periodic revivals of interest in their commercial applications as well .
After the 1973 Arab oil embargo , for instance , airships were briefly studied as transport vessels , although the idea was never taken very far .
Brothers said airships are now being considered as aerial platforms for propagating wireless or broadband signals .
In the developed world , wireless signals are broadcast from towers erected on buildings , but in developing nations small fleets of airships might be an economical solution , he said .
Academic scientists in Egypt have studied that option for their country .
In the United Kingdom , the University of York has considered the use of airships as high - altitude platforms for the dissemination of broadband Internet .
Brothers said advances in solar technology now make it possible for airships to generate electricity without the need to carry and replenish fuels , which enhances their commercial potential by giving them the power to serve as floating broadcast stations .
Remote control capabilities also make it possible to envision positioning airships at high altitudes and leaving them on station for years .
But much as he would like to see a revival of lighter - than - air flight , Brothers does not downplay the difficulty of going from cool ideas to commercial deployment .
“ The trouble is no one 's really built airships in large numbers since the 1930s , ” he said , adding .
“ That 's why the military interest makes the difference .
It 's driving the research and development . ”
More GlobalPost dispatches on technology :
In China , this photo may be porn
Monkey see , monkey glow
Who controls space ?
Alaa al Aswany , the Arab world 's bestselling novelist , swallows the last of his morning coffee , and throws back his boulder - like head in a gesture that comes close to , but is not quite , contentment .
He is longing for a cigarette , too , only today he is not at home in Cairo , where he can happily smoke himself to death if he so chooses ( the Egyptians puff their way through 19 million cigarettes every day ) but in the quiet confines of the Gore hotel , Kensington ; it will be a while longer before he can scoot out to the pavement and light up .
Still , he is not complaining .
As cities go , London is not bad .
" I have feelings about cities , " he says in his wonderful , solemn English .
" The kind of feelings a man has towards ladies .
Some I love , and some ... not . "
London is one of those Aswany loves , though it cannot , in his view , touch Cairo or even Alexandria .
" Ah !
I can not be objective about Egypt .
It is only in Egypt that I feel myself .
When I 'm abroad , I 'm someone who has much in common with myself , but it 's not really me .
I am always homesick ! "
As a dentistry student in Chicago three decades ago , he hugely admired America 's efficiency .
But it was not , in the long run , for him .
" Everything is systemised , practical .
Egypt is the opposite , but there is beauty in that .
To me , it 's the most wonderful place on earth . "
Aswany is in London to promote his new book , Friendly Fire , a collection of stories , and a controversial novella , The Isam Abd el - Ati Papers , which was banned in Egypt for a decade but now finds itself enjoying a new lease of life thanks to publishers who look at his back catalogue as a handy means of sating readers ' appetites until the next novel .
Aswany endured years of rejection at the hands of the General Egyptian Book Organisation ( Gebo ) , the powerful state - run publisher , and The Isam Abd el - Ati Papers , which tells the story of an educated young man who is infatuated by the west but crushed by the tyranny and corruption of the Egyptian state , was one such rejection .
He was told in no uncertain terms that the novella insulted Egypt and would never be published unless he removed its first two chapters .
At which point he snatched up his manuscript and left the building .
He has not been back since .
In 2002 , his novel The Yacoubian Building , about the disparate inhabitants of a faded art deco apartment block in downtown Cairo , was quietly accepted by a small , independent publisher in Cairo .
Its first edition sold out in four weeks and it was the Arab world 's bestseller for five successive years , selling 250,000 copies in a region where print runs rarely exceed 3,000 .
Word spread .
It was made into a hit film by Marwan Hamed , and a TV serial , and has since been translated into 27 languages ; 75,000 copies of the British edition have been sold .
His next novel , Chicago , did even better , and ... presto !
As he writes in the introduction to Friendly Fire : " [ Suddenly ] publishers started pressuring me to give them anything I 'd written . "
Those who loved The Yacoubian Building and Chicago , with their extravagant cast lists and their sweeping , soapy plots , should not come to Friendly Fire expecting more of the same .
These stories are very different , for all that they , too , hum with the anger and frustration that Aswany has made his own ( he will never just let his beloved characters get what they want ) .
It 's like turning from David Lodge to Chekhov ( though if this sounds like I think this book is the best of the three , that would be very wrong : I adore Lodge ; I adore Aswany , especially when he is in full - on campus mode ; I cannot wait for his next big novel ) .
He grins , delighted at the mention of Chekhov .
" The short story is a moment of enlightenment , " he says .
" A moment of vision .
The story is going to fall on my head like an apple .
But the novel ... there is a school of thought , and I agree with it , that we do not invent novels ; we discover them .
The novel exists in my heart and in my mind and I must concentrate to get it out .
This is not the case with the story .
I could get an idea for a story now , while I am looking at your face . "
So is he working on one of these longer acts of excavation right now ?
" Of course !
I can not stop !
Always a novel .
I love people and literature is a wonderful way to express that love .
Their suffering motivates me . "
Aswany takes his success in his stride and with a hefty pinch of salt .
On the one hand , he cannot resist showing me a photograph of his face on huge posters in the Paris metro , and it is , of course , a great feat to be able to make any money at all as a writer in a country where copyright laws are flimsier than tissue and where publishers rarely give their authors their due ( Arab royalties for The Yacoubian Building have , he estimates , just about covered his bill for coffee and cigarettes ) .
But , on the other , he is not about to give up the day job - dentistry - quite yet .
" Society is a living organism and you must keep up .
That 's why I still practise , though for only two days a week .
I will never close the clinic .
The clinic is my window .
I open it to see what is happening in the street .
You can't get disconnected from the street , as a writer ; that 's a common mistake .
You can be too easily welcomed every night by the richest people and the most influential .
It is very dangerous because it is that relationship with the street that made you successful in the first place . "
Is he now a celebrity in Egypt ?
" I am very ... appreciated .
But the word ' famous ' means that people recognise you , but you do n't recognise them .
I do n't think this is a big deal .
Many people are famous and they did nothing .
Appreciation is the reward , not fame .
If I could have 10,000 readers who really appreciate me , or one million who recognise my face , I 'm going to pick the 10,000 . "
In Egypt , however , fame must have its uses .
Aswany has long been a well - known opponent of President Mubarak .
He writes newspaper columns criticising the regime and is a member of the Kifaya ( Enough ) movement .
So what is the establishment 's attitude to him now he is celebrated the world over ?
" I do n't expect them to love me .
I am a member of some groups that call for the end of this regime .
I know many officials in the government who like my work on a personal level , but ... when it comes to award ceremonies , sometimes they attend , sometimes not .
Sometimes they call , tell me that they appreciate my work personally but that they cannot attend officially . "
Has fame made him safer ?
" I can not compare what has happened to me with what has happened to some of my friends and comrades who have been tortured and beaten .
What has happened to me - banning me from attending the premiere of The Yacoubian Building - is negligible in comparison .
But , in any case , writing and fear are absolutely contradictory .
Writing is an expression against fear . "
He remains convinced that democracy is coming to Egypt and that the rest of the Arab world will then use it as a model .
" I am telling you , it is not far away .
I can't tell you a particular date but we are prepared .
Our lawyers and doctors are as great in number as the populations of some Arab countries .
In the west , there are 180,000 Egyptians with PhDs . "
But how can he be so sure ?
To an outsider , Mubarak looks more nervous of democracy than ever ; Egypt 's notorious prisons grow ever more crowded with his opponents .
" I 've read the history of Egypt very carefully .
Do n't be taken in by the way Egyptians look .
It is not always significant .
Before the 1919 revolution , we were occupied by the British .
Our leader was sent into exile .
I have read the [ contemporaneous ] reports of the British embassy and they say that they do not expect the Egyptian people to react to this at all .
Yet the next day , the most important revolution in Middle East history took place !
" Now there are more and more protests in the street .
Everyone is on strike .
There is real pressure , you can feel it .
You cannot deny it , even if you 're from the government . "
But democracy could be a double - edged sword .
Wo n't many people vote for Islamist parties ?
He smiles .
" I can predict this question ! "
But does he fear this ?
" Not at all .
I have a real commitment to democracy .
I 'm not using it for political reasons and if I believe in it , I must respect the people 's choice .
If they choose Islamists , I am not going to be the happiest man on earth but I 'm going to respect it . "
He believes that , ultimately , the bigger , more important , struggle may not be between autocracy and democracy , but between Egypt 's traditionally more tolerant interpretation of Islam and the more extreme Wahhabi view which was imported to the country in the 1980s from Saudi Arabia .
For all his attachment to dentistry , Aswany was always destined to be a writer .
Born in Cairo in 1957 , his father , Abbas , was also a novelist , the recipient of the state award for literature in 1972 , " when it was still respected " , according to his son .
" I was lucky .
He was very liberal .
He was my first professor of literature .
He told me what to read and what not to read . "
Aswany had a traditional French education and then went to Chicago to study for his degree .
The idea of staying on was tempting , but " I had to come back for my people , for literature " .
So in the early hours of the morning , he would write and then he would walk to his practice and remove his patients ' wisdom teeth .
Did he , in the years when Gebo kept rejecting his work , come close to giving up ?
" I got very upset .
I said to my wife [ they have two daughters ; he also has a son by his first marriage ] , ' That 's enough .
We must leave .
I was planning to move to New Zealand .
That was in 1998 .
But a dear friend of mine said , ' This will be the end for you . '
So I tried one last novel . "
His father was from Aswan , in the south , where people are supposed to be more uncompromising , courageous and proud , so perhaps his Aswan genes saw him through .
Also his wife , who reads his first drafts .
" I give her all credit .
She is wonderful . "
At least part of Aswany 's international success is down to the fact that his novels , which embrace every stratum of Egyptian society from newspaper editor to manservant , and which reveal these characters ' most shameful and most secret desires , have given us , as the New York Times put it , " an amazing glimpse " into a society which many knew little about .
( At the peak of its success , The Yacoubian Building , in which a doorman 's son , rejected by the police academy , falls in with extremists and dies pursuing jihad , was said to be on the bedside table of President Bush 's adviser Karen Hughes ) .
But Aswany hates to be thought of as an Arab writer .
" I 'm against presenting literature on an ethnic basis .
I am pushed , little by little , to be an Arab writer , but
I prefer to think of myself as part of the republic of literature .
The ' now ' topics are not so important .
The human topics are the important ones ; that 's why we read Dostoevsky .
I am very interested in the Taliban , in knowing how stupid they are .
But I 'm not going to learn much from a terrible 700 - page novel about them .
I might as well go to the internet and type in ' Taliban ' .
To paraphrase [ Gabriel ] García Márquez , a good subject does not make a good novel , but a good novel makes any subject seem interesting . "
And as in literature , so out in the world .
Aswany cannot see the " war on terror " in terms of east and west or even ideology .
" I see this conflict as being between the majority of human beings and the interests of some groups who are not human at all .
Most people are on the human side .
They want to work , they want life to be better for their children .
Some are artists and thinkers .
On the non -human side , you find the big corporations , George Bush and fanatics like Osama bin Laden .
I think human values will overcome in the end .
That 's why we are here , after all these centuries .
Bush , bin Laden : they have no vision ; they see the world through a pinhole .
The rest of us , we have a better view .
So I 'm optimistic . "
Perhaps I look sceptical because he adds , with a pacifying smile : " Look !
My books deal with topics that would make any fanatic unhappy and I 've been a bestselling author for years ! "
He slaps his thighs delightedly , though whether this is a sign that he considers he has won the argument , or merely that he has earned himself a well - deserved cigarette break , I would not like to say .
• To order Ten Tales of Today 's Cairo go to observer.co.uk / bookshop or call 0330 333 6847
Man from Cairo : A life in brief
Born 26 May 1957 in Cairo , Egypt , the only child of well - known novelist and lawyer Abbas El Aswany .
Attends the Lycée Francais in Cairo .
From a young age he is keen to be a novelist but , believing writing wo n't make him any money , studies dentistry at Cairo University .
In 1985 moves to America to do a dentistry degree at the University of Illinois in Chicago .
Now runs a dental practice in Cairo , where he lives with his second wife and three children .
Literary career
2002 Publishes The Yacoubian Building .
For five successive years it is the Arab world 's bestselling novel .
2007 The Yacoubian Building is made into a hit film and TV serial and the novel is released in Britain .
Chicago , Aswany 's second novel , topples his debut off the bestseller list .
2009 Short story collection , Friendly Fire , and a controversial novella published inthe UK .
Do n't give up ...
Writers with day jobs
Anthony Trollope ( 1815 - 1882 ) was a post office inspector while he wrote several of his best - known novels , including Barchester Towers ( 1857 ) .
Kenneth Grahame ( 1859 - 1932 ) rose to be company secretary at the Bank of England while publishing several works of fiction , before retiring the year Wind in the Willows was published , 1908 .
Franz Kafka ( 1883 -1924 ) worked in insurance while writing fiction , including Metamorphosis ( 1912 ) .
John Mortimer ( 1923-2009 ) , barrister , wrote about his work in the Rumpole books as well as other novels .
TS Eliot ( 1888 - 1965 ) worked as a banker while he published his first four collections of poetry , leaving the job in 1925 .
Bernard Schlink ( b 1944 ) , a law professor and judge , is author of nine novels , including The Reader ( 1995 ) .
Vikas Swarup ( b 1963 ) is India 's deputy high commissioner in South Africa and author of two novels including Q&A , which was filmed as Slumdog Millionaire .
THIRTY YEARS AGO , in between my sophomore and junior years of college , I was diagnosed with bladder cancer .
Those are amazing words to write :
Thirty years ago I had cancer .
I had just turned twenty .
I was hoping that I would live long enough to have sex with someone ; I had n’t done that yet .
I could not have imagined , while lying in my hospital bed , exhaling anesthesia , that someday I could write , Thirty years ago I had cancer .
Last fall , on a sunny afternoon , the phone rang while I was trying to meet a writing deadline .
It was the nurse in my urologist ’s office .
She was calling to say that the pathologist had found , in the urine collected from my last cystoscopic checkup , abnormal cell clusters .
And also blood .
After I hung up , I looked out the window of my small house where the sun still shone on the last of the marigolds and tomato vines .
I looked down at my computer screen where the cursor still blinked on the same paragraph .
I could hear in the kitchen the tomatoes still bobbing around in the stockpot that was steaming away on the stove .
The world was still the same , but it felt to me a suddenly altered place .
I provided a second urine sample for further testing , and based on the results of that , a third sample that was sent out for genetic analysis .
Ten days later , I got a call from the urology nurse .
The results were normal .
So what am I trying to say here ?
Am I fine or not fine ?
Well , I do n’t know .
I ’m living within that period of time known as watchful waiting .
Much of my adult life has been one of watchful waiting .
Watchful means vigilance , screening tests , imaging , blood work , self - advocacy , second opinions , and hours logged in hospital parking garages .
Waiting means you go back to your half - finished essay , to the tomatoes on the stove .
You lay plans and carry on within the confines of ambiguity .
You meet deadlines and make grocery lists .
And sometimes you jump when the phone rings on a sunny afternoon .
Thirty years ago I had cancer .
After I left the hospital , I went back to the university , resumed my life as a biology major , and began mucking around in the medical literature .
It did n’t take me too long to learn that bladder cancer is considered a quintessential environmental cancer , meaning that we have more evidence for a link between toxic chemical exposures and bladder cancer risk than for almost any other kind of cancer , with data going back a hundred years .
I also discovered that the identification of bladder carcinogens does not preclude their ongoing use in commerce .
Just because , through careful scientific study , we learn that a chemical causes cancer does n’t mean that we ban it from the marketplace .
I also learned that , in spite of all this evidence , the words carcinogen and environment rarely appeared in the pamphlets on cancer in my doctors ’ offices and waiting rooms .
Nor were these words used much in conversations I had with my various health - care providers , who were interested instead in my family medical history .
I was happy enough to provide it .
There is a lot of cancer in my family .
My mother was diagnosed with breast cancer at age forty - four .
I have uncles with colon cancer , prostate cancer , stromal cancer .
My aunt died of the same kind of bladder cancer — transitional cell carcinoma — that I had .
But here ’s the punch line to my family story : I am adopted .
I ’m not related to my family by chromosomes .
So I began to ask hard questions about the presumption that what runs in families must necessarily run in genes .
I began to ask , what else do families have in common ?
Such as , say , drinking water wells .
And when I looked at the literature on cancer among adult adoptees , I learned that , in fact , the chance of an adopted person dying of cancer is closely related to whether or not her adoptive parents had died of cancer and far less related to whether or not her biological parents had met such a fate .
But you would never know that based on the questions asked on medical intake forms .
So thirty years ago , as a college undergraduate , I made a bet .
I bet that my cancer diagnosis had something to do with the environment in which I lived as a child .
And I think I was right about this .
As I learned years later , while researching my book Living Downstream , the county where I grew up , along the east bluff of the Illinois River , has statistically elevated cancer rates .
Three dozen different industries line the river valley there , and farmers practice chemically intensive agriculture along its floodplains .
Hazardous waste is imported from as far away as New Jersey , and the drinking water wells contain traces of both farm chemicals and industrial chemicals , including those with demonstrable links to . . . bladder cancer .
TWENTY YEARS AGO , in the fall of 1988 , when I was a graduate student in biology at the University of Michigan , I made another bet .
I was working as an opinion writer at the Michigan Daily , the student newspaper there .
My editor and I laid bets as to which system would collapse first — economy or ecology .
I said ecology .
I think I was wrong .
I think we were both wrong .
They seem to be crumbling simultaneously .
Let ’s compare our twin “ eco ” systems .
Our economy and our ecology have in common , it seems to me , a number of shared attributes .
Both are complex , globalized systems whose interconnections are little understood until something goes wrong .
Who knew that mortgages in California could lead to bankruptcy in Iceland ?
But there it is .
Who knew that the miracle of pollination depends on the synchronicity of time and temperature ?
But the ongoing decoupling of day length — which awakens the flowers — from ambient temperature — which awakens the bees — reveals that it is so dependent .
In both systems , eroding diversity creates fragility , as when financial systems merge and collapse , as when farming systems become monocultures and thereby vulnerable to catastrophic pest outbreaks .
Damage to both systems is made worse by positive feedback loops .
In the economic world , panic and fear drive investment decisions that lead to more panic and fear .
In the ecological world , greenhouse gases raise temperatures that melt permafrost .
Melted permafrost rots and releases more greenhouse gases .
Here ’s a key difference , though .
For one of our failing eco-systems , we became immediately engaged in drastic and unprecedented measures to rescue it — even though no one seemed to understand it very well .
And for our other eco-system . . . well , it ’s still widely considered too depressing and overwhelming to talk about in much detail .
As part of my work , I visit a lot of college campuses .
Lately , I ’ve been asking students to engage in a thought exercise : Imagine that ecological metrics were as familiar to us as economic ones .
Imagine ecological equivalents to the Dow , NASDAQ , and S&P that reported to us every day — in newspapers , on radio , on websites , on the crawl at the bottom of TV screens , on oversized tickers in Times Square — data about the various sectors of our ecological system and how they are faring .
What are the atmospheric parts per million of carbon dioxide today ?
Has the extinction rate become inflationary ?
What is the exchange rate between sea ice and fresh water ?
What is the national deficit of topsoil ?
Now imagine that the mainstream media were as interested in the thoughts of the president ’s ecological team — most notably marine biologist Jane Lubchenco , who now leads the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , and climate expert John Holdren , the president ’s new science advisor — as they are in the opinions of his economic team .
Imagine if , in primetime interview after interview , these public servants provided us regular environmental analysis .
On an almost daily basis , the American citizenry would be reminded that one in every four mammals now appears to be heading toward extinction .
The Gulf Stream , which drives nutrient cycling in our oceans , is starting to get wobbly , while dead zones in the oceans are growing .
The oceans , we would be informed , provide half of our planetary oxygen .
Shoveling coal into ovens to generate electricity is loading the atmosphere with mercury , which rains down and is transformed by ancient bacteria into the powerful brain poison methylmercury .
Methylmercury is siphoned up the food chain , concentrating as it goes , so that nearly all freshwater lakes and streams east of the Mississippi are now unfishable , and we must advise women and children against eating tuna salad sandwiches .
Imagine that all Americans find out , whether they want to or not , that atmospheric loading of carbon dioxide is acidifying the ocean in ways that , if unchecked , will drop pH to the point where calcium carbonate goes into solution , and that will spell the end of anything with a shell — from clams and oysters to coral reefs .
Suppose that ecological pundits discussed every night on cable TV the ongoing disappearance of bees , bats , and other pollinators and the possibly dire consequences for our food supply .
Suppose we received daily reports on the status of our aquifers .
Suppose legislators and citizens both agreed that if we do n’t take immediate action to bail out our ecological system , something truly terrible will happen .
Our ecology will tank .
The fact that nothing close to this is happening is the difference between economy and ecology , both of which share an etymology : eco , from the Greek oikos , meaning “ household . ”
TEN YEARS AGO , I gave birth to a child .
After twenty years as a solitary adult ecologist , I became a habitat , an inland ocean with a marine mammal swimming around inside of me .
I became a water cycle .
A food chain .
A jet stream .
My daughter ’s name is Faith .
I ’ll leave it to you to imagine why an adopted cancer survivor might name a daughter Faith .
My daughter is planning a career as a marine biologist .
She wants to write her first book on the octopus .
My son Elijah is seven .
He is named for the abolitionist Elijah Lovejoy , who hails from my home state of Illinois .
Elijah wishes to be the president , a farmer , or a member of the Beatles .
He figures there are two job openings there already .
Since becoming a mother , I ’ve made another bet .
I am betting that , in between my own adult life and my children ’s , an environmental human rights movement will arise .
It ’s one whose seeds have already been sown , and it ’s one with a dual focus .
First , the environmental human rights movement will take up with urgency the task of rescuing and repairing our ecological system upon which all human life depends .
It is a movement that will recognize the truth of the following statement : “ Nothing is more important to human beings than an ecologically functioning , life sustaining biosphere on the Earth .
. . .
We cannot live long or well without a functioning biosphere , and so it is worth everything we have . ”
Those are the opening sentences of a powerful new manifesto , “ Law for the Ecological Age , ” authored by attorney and biochemist Joseph Guth and published in the Vermont Journal of Environmental Law .
At the same time , this environmental human rights movement will take up with equal fervor the task of divorcing our economy from its current dependencies on chemical toxicants that are known to trespass inside our bodies , without our consent , thus violating , as some have argued , our security of person .
Our current environmental regulatory apparatus does not require rigorous toxicological testing of chemicals as a precondition for marketing them , as we do , for example , for pharmaceuticals .
It also makes it very difficult to ban chemicals once they are in commerce .
Of the eighty thousand synthetic chemicals allowed into the market , exactly five have been outlawed under the Toxics Substances Control Act since 1976 .
Our current environmental regulatory apparatus allows economic benefits to be balanced against human health risks .
It fails to take into account the fact that we are all exposed , to use Rachel Carson ’s words , to a changing kaleidoscope of chemicals over our lifetimes and not just one chemical at a time .
In umbilical cord blood alone , 287 different chemicals have been identified , including pesticides , stain removers , wood preservatives , mercury , and flame retardants .
Our current environmental regulatory apparatus does not take into account the timing of exposure .
And yet the science clearly shows that toxic exposures during key moments of infant and child development — especially during the opera of embryonic development — raise risks for harm in ways that are not predictable by dose .
Benzo[a ] pyrene , an ingredient in tobacco smoke , diesel exhaust , and soot , can damage eggs in the ovaries .
Exposure to pesticides in men can reduce sperm count .
Thus , our environmental policies may be eroding our fertility .
And if a pregnancy is achieved , exposure to certain chemicals raises the risk that it will be lost through miscarriage , or what we in the scientific community call spontaneous abortion .
Evidence suggests that the pesticide methoxchlor has this power , as do certain chemical solvents .
And here is where I am interested in engaging the pro-life community in dialogue , because whether you see this problem , as I do , as a violation of women ’s reproductive rights , or whether you see this problem , as many members of my own family do , as a violation of fetal sanctity , maybe we can all agree , pro-life and pro-choice , that any chemical with the power to extinguish human pregnancy has no rightful place in our economy .
When toxic chemicals enter the story of human development during the fifth and sixth months of pregnancy , when the brain is just getting itself knitted together , the risk may be a learning or developmental disability .
Of the 3,000 chemicals produced in high volume in the United States , 200 are neurotoxicants and another 1,000 are suspected of affecting the nervous system .
Some chemicals , such as PCBs , have the power to shorten human gestation and so raise the risk for premature birth , which is the leading cause of disability in this country .
After birth , some chemicals , such as certain air pollutants , can retard the development of the lungs in ways that impede later athletic performance .
Some chemicals raise the risk for pediatric cancers , which are rising in incidence more rapidly than cancers among adults .
Some chemicals can raise the risk for early puberty in girls , which in turn raises the risk for breast cancer in adulthood .
In short , chemical toxicants can sabotage the story of child development and so make urgent the need for restructuring our chemicals policy along the principles of precaution and green design .
But toxic chemicals do not only discriminate against children , they may also discriminate against our elders .
New evidence links environmental exposures to neurotoxicants to increased risks of dementing disorders in old age .
So I am betting that chemical reform will be a cornerstone of this new environmental human rights movement that I see getting under way .
I am betting that my children — and the generation of children they are a part of — will , by the time they are my age , consider it unthinkable to allow cancer - causing chemicals , reproductive toxicants , and brain - destroying poisons to freely circulate in our economy .
They will find it unthinkable to assume an attitude of silence and willful ignorance about our ecology .
In the same way , I look back on the life of Rachel Carson — my mentor in all this , who died when I was five years old — and find it unthinkable that she could not speak about her own cancer diagnosis , even while dying , as I have written about my diagnosis here .
Thirty years of feminism lies between my life as an adult scientist and Rachel Carson’s .
That human rights movement has ended the silence around the personal experience of cancer so that I have never had to fear , as did Carson , that my status as a cancer survivor will be used to impeach my science .
And in the same way , I look back on the life of Abraham Lincoln , whose portrait hangs in every schoolroom in Illinois , and marvel that our economy was once dependent on slave labor .
Unthinkable .
I believe our grandchildren will look back on us and marvel that our economy was once dependent on chemicals that were killing the planet and killing ourselves .
Now I am willing to concede the point that this environmental human rights movement that I am betting on is less an evidence - based prediction than a mother ’s fervent hope that my children will never have to fear that the phone ringing on a sunny afternoon will bring bad news from the pathology lab .
I ’m willing to admit that this bet is a wish that my children will grow up in a world with a functioning Gulf Stream , and some ice caps , and a few coral reefs .
And some octopi for my daughter to write her first book about .
And some honeybees to help my son the farmer grow apples .
It ’s a wish that his polar bear Halloween costume not outlast the species .
Wishful or not , I am determined to win this bet because my children ’s lives are inextricably bound to the abiding ecology of this planet , which is worth everything I could possibly wager .
An environmental human rights movement is the vision under which I labor , from which I am not free to desist , and which may , if we all work together , become a self - fulfilling prophecy .
May it be so .
This article , along with other landmark Orion essays about transformative action , are collected in a new anthology , Change Everything Now .
Order your copy here .
So far , most of the talk surrounding 3D gaming has been focused around the PlayStation 3 .
To much surprise , 3D gaming is coming to the PSP this holiday season …
Optical technology developer , RealView Innovations Ltd. announced today that it ’s V - Screen for the PSP will be available before the Q4 Christmas shopping season .
RealView Innovations has developed an optical technology that does n’t need software , or electronics , but rather a unique attachment that renders a fully 3D experience from the PSP .
“ The innovation uses special optical components in unconventional ways , no software , electronics or headgear is required .
Nonetheless , the optical results are astonishing .
The video game industry is a perfect fit for our technology .
The V - Screen offers consumers a tremendous leap forward in optical enhancement . ”
– Eamonn Ansbro Optical Engineer and co-Executive Director
Founded in 2001 , RealView Innovations Ltd. is a privately owned research & development company based in Ireland .
RVI ’s management team has specialized in high - volume production and optics , advanced industrial and military optics , and scientific instrumentation .
Presently , RVI ’s focus is on applications in the personal entertainment and video game markets .
Its technology will also be integrated into other areas including mobile phones , televisions , arcade games , ATM’s , and flight simulators .
Since 2009 , RealView Innovations Ltd. is a wholly - owned subsidiary of RealView Manufacturing Ltd .
Related :
V - Screen 3D PSP Technology Revealed in Pictures
Fighter jets and stealth bombers are n't the only things in the Air Force fleet that fly .
The Air Force enlisted Galpin Auto Sports to radically rework a Ford Mustang and Dodge Challenger to impress the kids .
The cars are the stars of the " 2009 Super Car Tour , " a recruiting initiative that will hit high schools across the country to highlight career opportunities in the Air Force .
Galpin is best known for the crazy customization antics on MTV's " Pimp My Ride , " building KITT in the short - lived " Knight Rider " remake and creating that crazy Scythe scarab car awhile back .
This time around they 've built a pair of wild machines that look more suited to aerial combat than dragstrip runs .
Beau Boeckmann 's boys at Galpin collaborated with technical and mechanical airmen to ensure the cars have an authentic Air Force aesthetic .
From a mix and match standpoint , the end result works well - something akin to AM General debuting a line of matchbox cars .
“ For Galpin Auto Sports to be commissioned by the most technologically advanced organization on earth is truly an honor ” Boeckmann said in a statement .
“ This is one of the most extraordinary and important projects that we have ever done . ”
First up is the matte - pearlescent white Mustang dubbed X - 1 .
The name is a nod to the Bell X - 1 , the first aircraft to exceed the speed of sound in level , controlled flight .
This car wo n't approach that kind of speed , but with a 500 - horsepower V8 under the hood , it 's quick enough to keep you entertained .
Lift those scissor doors and prepare to drop your jaw - either in awe or dismay , depending upon your point of view .
The interior looks like it was lifted from an F - 15 .
Design details include a single - driver ejection seat , flight stick and , of course , night and thermal vision and GPS .
And then there 's the matte - black Challenger codenamed " Vapor . "
Stealth could not be a more appropriate descriptor for this menacing car , which Galpin says uses radar - absorbing paint and a " stealth mode " exhaust that lets the car run silently .
We swear we 're not making this up .
Cool exterior details include biometric latches on the scissor doors , proximity sensors and a roof - mounted camera with a range of 1/4 mile .
The exterior was wrapped in a custom body kit and carbon fiber trim .
Even the wheel covers are carbon .
Like the Mustang , the Challenger got an fighter - inspired interior with aircraft - style controls , a passenger steering wheel and night and thermal vision and GPS gear .
We love the shift lever , but we 're curious to know why Galpin did n't say anything about what 's under the hood .
It also did n't say how much it charged Uncle Sam to build these wild rides .
Check out a video about the making of the cars in a – video the Air Force posted .
Photos : Galpin Auto Sports
See Also :
PRINCETON , NJ --
Thus far in 2009 , 40 % of Americans interviewed in national Gallup Poll surveys describe their political views as conservative , 35 % as moderate , and 21 % as liberal .
This represents a slight increase for conservatism in the U.S. since 2008 , returning it to a level last seen in 2004 .
The 21 % calling themselves liberal is in line with findings throughout this decade , but is up from the 1990s .
These annual figures are based on multiple national Gallup surveys conducted each year , in some cases encompassing more than 40,000 interviews .
The 2009 data are based on 10 separate surveys conducted from January through May .
Thus , the margins of error around each year 's figures are quite small , and changes of only two percentage points are statistically significant .
To measure political ideology , Gallup asks Americans to say whether their political views are very conservative , conservative , moderate , liberal , or very liberal .
As has been the case each year since 1992 , very few Americans define themselves at the extremes of the political spectrum .
Just 9 % call themselves " very conservative " and 5 % " very liberal . "
The vast majority of self - described liberals and conservatives identify with the unmodified form of their chosen label .
Party - Based Ideology
There is an important distinction in the respective ideological compositions of the Republican and Democratic Parties .
While a solid majority of Republicans are on the same page -- 73 % call themselves conservative -- Democrats are more of a mixture .
The major division among Democrats is between self - defined moderates ( 40 % ) and liberals ( 38 % ) .
However , an additional 22 % of Democrats consider themselves conservative , much higher than the 3 % of Republicans identifying as liberal .
True to their nonpartisan tendencies , close to half of political independents -- 45 % -- describe their political views as " moderate . "
Among the rest , the balance of views is tilted more heavily to the right than to the left : 34 % are conservative , while 20 % are liberal .
Gallup trends show a slight increase since 2008 in the percentages of all three party groups calling themselves " conservative , " which accounts for the three percentage - point increase among the public at large .
Thus far in 2009 , Gallup has found an average of 36 % of Americans considering themselves Democratic , 28 % Republican , and 37 % independent .
When independents are pressed to say which party they lean toward , 51 % of Americans identify as Democrats , 39 % as Republicans , and only 9 % as pure independents .
Ideological tendencies by leaned party affiliation are very similar to those of straight partisan groups .
However , it is worth noting the views of pure independents -- a group usually too small to analyze in individual surveys but potentially important in deciding elections .
Exactly half of pure independents describe their views as moderate , 30 % say they are conservative , and 17 % liberal .
As reported last week on Gallup.com , women are more likely than men to be Democratic in their political orientation .
Along the same lines , women are more likely than men to be ideologically " moderate " and " liberal , " and less likely to be " conservative . "
Still , conservatism outweighs liberalism among both genders .
The pattern is strikingly different on the basis of age , and this could have important political implications in the years ahead .
Whereas middle - aged and older Americans lean conservative ( vs. liberal ) in their politics by at least 2 to 1 , adults aged 18 to 29 are just as likely to say their political views are liberal ( 31 % ) as to say they are conservative ( 30 % ) .
Future Gallup analysis will look at the changes in the political ideology of different age cohorts over time , to see whether young adults in the past have started out more liberal than they wound up in their later years .
Bottom Line
Although the terms may mean different things to different people , Americans readily peg themselves , politically , into one of five categories along the conservative - to - liberal spectrum .
At present , large minorities describe their views as either moderate or conservative -- with conservatives the larger group -- whereas only about one in five consider themselves liberal .
While these figures have shown little change over the past decade , the nation appears to be slightly more polarized than it was in the early 1990s .
Compared with the 1992-1994 period , the percentage of moderates has declined from 42 % to 35 % , while the percentages of conservatives and liberals are up slightly -- from 38 % to 40 % for conservatives and a larger 17 % to 21 % movement for liberals .
Survey Methods
Results are based on aggregated Gallup Poll surveys of approximately 1,000 national adults , aged 18 and older , interviewed by telephone .
Sample sizes for the annual compilations range from approximately 10,000 to approximately 40,000 .
For these results , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±1 percentage point .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Why crash dieting DOES work : Surprise evidence suggests it 's the best way to slim
Here 's a sobering thought : beach weather is nearly here , and the diet you 've been meaning to embark on since January remains in the planning phases .
You really do n't want to expose those extra pounds to the world , but you do want to put on your swimsuit and feel OK about it .
A crash diet seems to be your only option , but are n't crash diets unhealthy - not to mention ineffective - after the first week ?
Not if you approach them correctly .
Despite what many nutritionists have preached for years , low - calorie diets can be healthy if you do them right , and can work wonders on pounds and inches in just a few weeks .
An apple a day ...:
Choosing the right food for a crash diet can help the pounds drop off
Clinical experience shows that somebody with a serious commitment to weight loss can lose up to 20 pounds - and two to three dress sizes - in two months .
That 's a lot of weight , and an enormous change in appearance for most of us .
Best of all , if a crash diet is done right ( and you make permanent changes to how you eat ) it can yield results that will stand the test of time just as well as those slow and careful , long - term diets that emphasise depressingly incremental drops in weight .
Conventional wisdom says that rapid weight loss leads to rapid weight regain , but a new generation of science is showing that slow is n't necessarily better .
In fact , fast weight loss - if achieved with a healthy , caloriecutting food - based diet - can bring long - term success equivalent to the more gradual weight - loss programmes , which is reason for procrastinators everywhere to rejoice .
In fact , for some people , healthy crash dieting may work even better than a diet that lasts all year .
A recent study from my laboratory at Tufts University in Boston , Massachusetts , found that the slow and careful approach seems to be sustainable only by those dieters who are not sidetracked by rich food , party snacks and other common food challenges in daily life .
So where does exercise fit into all of this ?
The drumbeat of get moving to lose weight has become so loud that almost everyone blames his or her weight problem on not spending enough time working out .
The food we are putting in our mouths seems to take a back seat .
But a look at the evidence does n't support the hype .
' Exercise does n't necessarily make you thin '
Shedding the pounds :
Studies show that exercise is not the key factor in weight loss
National surveys show that people who do manual jobs - construction , farming and domestic work - are often heavier than people who sit in front of a computer screen all day .
Indeed , physically strenuous jobs carry a 30 per cent increased risk of obesity in the U.S. when compared with office jobs .
Of course , comparisons like this do n't factor in social class , or whether you eat chocolate or take a run after work , but that 's the whole point - compared with factors like what we snack on , hard manual labour just does n't make as much of a difference .
Even if your day is spent shovelling gravel , you 're still going to develop a pot belly if you lunch on pizza and fizzy drinks every day .
This is not to say exercise is bad - exercise is , of course , important for maintaining health , strength and vitality .
But when it comes to weight loss , it does n't seem to be the panacea that it is often made out to be .
And the evidence is n't just anecdotal .
My laboratory summarised 36 years of published studies on exercise and weight , conducted between 1969 and 2005 , and found that adding even an hour of exercise per day results in an average fat loss of just six pounds over the course of several months - hardly the benefit one would expect from all that work .
Perhaps more importantly , most of the studies managed to get people to exercise only 30 minutes a day , at which point the average weight loss goes down to three pounds .
One research study in The Netherlands also highlighted the problem that simply starting and sticking with a serious programme of exercise is easier after you 've lost some weight .
Men and women ranging from thin to slightly overweight volunteered to train for a half - marathon in a study lasting 40 weeks .
Secrets and lies
Only 34 per cent of women tell others when they are dieting and around a third lie about their dress size
The heavier subjects within this group were only slightly overweight , but even so , they were the ones who dropped out before the training was halfway through .
It 's not that the overweight people were lazy , just that exercise is much harder if you are carrying around even 20 excess pounds - the equivalent of a large backpack full of textbooks - while you do it .
Which brings us back to dieting and how to make it really work and , in particular , how do you avoid common concerns like weight - loss plateau ( when the body adapts to the lower calorie intake and slows down the metabolism accordingly ) ?
The answer is simple : by cutting enough calories .
Many popular diets do n't cut as many calories as is needed , because they do n't deal with the hunger factor well enough to go further .
These diets do achieve short - term weight loss with a combination of small calorie cuts and low - sodium meals that cause water excretion , but once water balance stabilises , you begin to feel like your dieting is getting nowhere .
' Eat the right food at the right time '
The first principle of successful dieting is to get calories low enough to cause ongoing , serious fat loss .
In practice , this means getting daily calorie intake down to 1,200 calories a day if your starting weight is 8.5 to 11 stone , or to 1,800 a day for those weighing 14 to 17 stone .
Several studies have shown that at this level of intake , calorie requirements do n't decrease anywhere near enough to make your weight plateau , meaning fat continues to be pulled from fat cells and real weight continues to slide off .
The second principle involves eating the right foods at the right time ; if you do n't , counting calories wo n't cut it because you will be too hungry or unsatisfied to see it through .
Based on research studies , it 's clear that liquid calorie diets - from meal replacement drinks like Slim - Fast - do work , but they are so desperately boring that few people can stick to them .
To enjoy yourself more , go the real - food route and maximise benefits by ensuring every meal and snack you eat combines at least two of the properties that numerous research studies have shown cut hunger and increase the feeling of being full : high fibre , high protein , high volume and low glycaemic index carbs .
And keep those good foods coming .
My experience of helping people lose weight showed that eating three meals and two to three snacks every day and spreading calories evenly from morning to night is about as important as choosing the right foods when it comes to suppressing hunger .
What about even faster weight loss ?
You know those diets : the ones that promise to dissolve 21 / 2 stone from your belly in one month , or a stone in four days .
Unfortunately for anyone longing for results by next weekend , such diets are pure snake oil .
Crash dieting can work , but there is a threshold .
It 's a physiological fact that the human body is capable of losing only a maximum of about three pounds of actual fat per week , even if you eat nothing at all .
Greater weight losses than this might occur for a week or two if you put yourself through the wringer of fruit juice fasts , purges , or harsh detox programmes , but you wo n't lose any more fat - just water , intestinal contents and sometimes muscle .
That 's the kind of weight that will bounce right back after a good party or two .
The bottom line is that regular workouts are great for health and strength , but if you want to lose weight , the really important thing is what you eat .
Stock up on the good foods that help with weight control , and then keep those calorie counts down to make weight loss a reality this time .
Start now , and there 's still time to put your new body on a collision course with summer .
LOS ANGELES / CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - McDonald 's Corp MCD.N posted lighter - than - expected May sales at U.S. restaurants open at least 13 months , sending shares of the world 's biggest hamburger chain and its rivals lower on Monday .
May same - restaurant sales were up 2.8 percent in the United States , helped by new coffee drinks and snacks , but that was significantly slower than the 6.1 percent growth in April .
Analysts said the average of estimates called for May growth of around 3.6 percent .
“ U.S. missed consensus ... thus the weakness today , ” said Stifel Nicolaus analyst Steve West , who added that the U.S. result for May matched his own view .
The results topped Telsey Advisory Group ’s call for a rise of 2 percent , but missed RBC Capital Markets ’ expectation that sales could rise 3.9 percent for the month .
McDonald ’s is one of the restaurant industry ’s top performers largely because its Dollar Menu has been attracting diners amid a lengthy recession that has sent unemployment sharply higher .
Shares in McDonald 's were down 2.7 percent to $ 58.25 in early afternoon trade .
Shares of rival Burger King Holdings Inc BKC.N were down 1.4 percent .
Stock in Wendy's / Arby's Group Inc WEN.N was off 1.7 percent and Taco Bell , KFC and Pizza Hut owner Yum Brands Inc YUM .N shares fell 1.7 percent .
The McDonald 's sign is seen outside its store at the Times Square in New York , June 9 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
McDonald ’s faced a tough sales comparison versus a year ago May when McDonald ’s was giving away Southern Style Chicken sandwiches with a beverage purchase in the United States , Telsey analyst Tom Forte said .
He added that some of the sell - off also could be due to disappointment that sales related to the official McCafe launch failed to drive stronger results .
“ It ’s certainly a significant item , but it ’s not going to move the needle to too large of an extent in any individual month , ” Forte said .
“ I do not at all read the number on May as any indication that McCafe is not doing well , ” he said .
GLOBAL SALES RISE
Worldwide same - restaurant sales , which excludes currency effects , grew 5.1 percent in May , on strong demand from Europe and Asia / Pacific .
However , the growth was down from April , when global same - store sales rose 6.9 percent .
The stronger U.S. dollar -- which lessens the dollar value of overseas sales -- led to an overall 0.4 percent decline in systemwide sales at McDonald ’s restaurants globally , the company said .
Sales rose 7 percent in constant currencies .
McDonald ’s
May same - store sales increased 7.6 percent in Europe , and 6.4 percent in the company ’s Asia / Pacific , Middle East and Africa segment .
In April , same - store sales in the two regions were up 8.4 and 6.5 percent , respectively .
McDonald ’s said the hit from foreign exchange rates , if they remain around current levels , is expected to be 8 cents to 9 cents a share in the second quarter and about 20 cents for the year .
Its prior forecast called for a currency - related drag of 32 cents per share in 2009 .
The company also said second - quarter results , which it is scheduled to report on July 23 , are expected to include 2 cents to 3 cents a share of income due to a license deal in Indonesia and the sale of Redbox Automated Retail .
The recent rejuvenation of interest in State 's rights , nullification , and secession has been a welcome result of the explosion of federal power since the housing and credit bubbles burst last fall .
The 10th Amendment movements and " tea parties " are , at least on one level , a pure form of " republicanism . "
Unfortunately , there are those who call themselves Republicans who have little understanding about the history of the republic , namely how the Founding generation conceptualized the " united States " as Jefferson called it in the Declaration of Independence .
" Country club " Republican " protesters " have jumped on the bandwagon , and as folks on the LRC have documented , these individuals are purely pawns for the demagogues in the GOP , a party that has never truly been either for State 's rights or limited government .
Simply rallying against unconstitutional taxes , expansive federal programs , or shallow assaults on the Democrats and Barack Obama is not enough .
You can chant about the 10th Amendment till you go hoarse , but without understanding the principles behind State sovereignty , your voice will be useless .
It becomes clear , then , that those who push for reasserting State power must know how the Founders defined a republic in both size and scope and what they meant by republicanism .
Returning to the founding principles of the United States is an obvious way to end the insanity in Washington D.C. , but it wo n't happen if State 's rights are consistently viewed as a knee - jerk reactionary response to unconstitutional federal legislation .
Yes , the 10th Amendment was included in the Bill of Rights , but why did the Founders insist on state sovereignty ?
Rather than a theoretical fabrication at the 1787 Philadelphia Convention or the State ratification conventions , State 's rights were explicitly linked to the stability of the United States from the Revolutionary War forward .
That is the key to the State sovereignty movement .
Thomas Jefferson made two interesting statements concerning republics in 1816 .
In a letter to fellow Virginian John Taylor — one of the most insightful political economists and theorists of his day — Jefferson said that a republic " is evidently restrained to very narrow limits of space and population .
I doubt if it would be practicable beyond the extent of a New England township . "
He also told Isaac Tiffany that " A democracy [ is ] the only pure republic , but impracticable beyond the limits of a town . "
In other words , a republic is only plausible over a small distance .
Anything beyond that would destroy the ability of the people to control the government , and that is the foundation of republicanism .
Jefferson wrote in the Declaration of Independence that legislative powers were " incapable of Annihilation " because " they return to the People at large for their exercise . "
State and local governments were most responsive to the people and thus the most republican in form .
To the Founders , diffusing power over large groups of people and then placing it in a small number of representatives violated the principle of direct control of the government , and more importantly , the Founders understood that the States stood as a hedge against factionalism .
George Mason , speaking at the Philadelphia Convention , succinctly addressed this issue : " From the nature of man , we may be sure that those who have power in their hands will not give it up , while they can retain it .
On the contrary , we know that they will always , when they can , rather increase it . "
Only the States could check arbitrary abuse of power which is one reason why Mason said he would rather cut off his right hand than sign the Constitution without a bill of rights .
Factions , either sectional or personal , could destroy the interests of the people without recourse ; the States provided that recourse .
Thus , the founding generation believed that the United States was nothing more than a federal union formed solely for defense and commerce .
John Taylor , writing in his Tyranny Unmasked , explained that " the experiment of a consolidated republic , over a territory so extensive as the United States , is at least awful , when we can recollect no case in which it has been successful .
If the people had believed it practicable , it would have been preferred to our system of division and union … . "
Patrick Henry argued during the Virginia ratification convention that State sovereignty was the only safeguard against the " infinitude " of the Constitution .
He declared that " the delegation of power to an adequate number of representatives , and an unimpeded reversion of it back to the people , at short periods , form the principal traits of a republican government , " and feared that the Constitution would lead to despotism and the subversion of republican principles .
The number of Americans who consistently believe their vote does not count on the federal level is a testament to the fact that the people have truly lost their hold on the " representatives " in Washington .
Jefferson , Taylor , Mason , and Henry all understood that the people had greater control over their State and local representatives .
They lived among them , went to church with them , socialized with them , and maybe even had family ties .
Four hundred people protesting in Washington D.C. wo n't make a difference , but four hundred people protesting in front of the local courthouse will .
It was , and is , simple economy of scale .
Henry said , " The governing persons are the servants of the people . "
State sovereignty ensured that they remained the servants of the people and that the culture and customs of local communities would be preserved .
And , this was n't just a component of Southern political philosophy .
Northerners relied on State 's rights to protect their local traditions , too .
John Adams once wrote that he considered federal representatives to be nothing more than " ambassadors " from the several states .
Gouverneur Morris of Pennsylvania , one of most ardent nationalists at the Philadelphia convention , considered the Senate as originally designed before the perversion of the 17th Amendment offered the only protection for the commercial States of the East .
Moreover , if the sections could not mesh politically , he urged the following : " instead of attempting to blend incompatible things , let us at once take a friendly leave of each other . "
That was 1787 .
Roger Sherman of Connecticut considered the Articles of Confederation to be insufficient for the facilitation of commerce and defense , but he thought the powers of the States should be protected in order to safeguard the cultural integrity of each community .
" Each state , like each individual , had its peculiar habits , usages , and manners , which constituted its happiness .
It would not , therefore , give to others a power over this happiness , any more than an individual would do , when he could avoid it . "
Even Alexander Hamilton once said that the federal government could not coerce a State .
Incidentally , Massachusetts conditionally ratified the Constitution with the understanding that a bill of rights would be added .
State sovereignty was number one on the list .
Jefferson affirmed that the States were " FREE AND INDEPENDENT " in the Declaration of Independence .
Nothing changed that , not the Constitution or efforts to reduce State influence and power by successive generations .
Instead of focusing on the narrow issues of taxes and " big government , " advocates of the 10th Amendment movement should emphasize that the State is the most responsive level of government , the most democratic , the purest form of a republic , and the political entity most able to ensure republican principles , which Jefferson listed as " simplicity , economy , religious and civil freedom . "
All the Founders would agree .
May 1 , 2009
The Best of Brion McClanahan
The issue of Sri Lankan press freedom has triggered protests at home and around the world
One month after Tamil Tigers rebels were defeated in Sri Lanka with the death of their leader Velupillai Prabhakaran , the working environment for journalists shows no sign of improving , as this correspondent , who prefers to remain unnamed , reports from Colombo .
Independent journalists in Sri Lanka say they still feel threatened and intimidated .
A journalist union leader was recently abducted and assaulted on his way home in Colombo within weeks of the government announcing the end of combat operations against the Tamil Tigers on 19 May .
State run media , particularly the Sinhala language electronic media , have continuously accused those who criticised human rights violations and other excesses during the last stages of war as either supporting the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) or being paid by them .
Those accusations have not diminished with the end of the fighting .
' Betrayed '
In a television discussion after the victory over the LTTE , police Chief Jayantha Wickramaratne said there was evidence that some journalists , especially Sinhala nationals , were on the payroll of the Tamil Tigers .
Grievous blow to media Editor row escalates " Although the police are aware of this treason I do not like to reveal the names as it might obstruct our investigations .
They betrayed the noble profession and not only distorted and misreported against Sri Lanka but also worked for cash and other benefits , " Mr Wickramaratne said on 28 May .
Police are yet to provide any evidence before the courts and no arrests have been made in this regard .
On 1 June , amid a growing state media campaign over the issue , Poddala Jayantha was abducted and assaulted in Colombo .
Mr Jayantha was a key activist of the Sri Lankan Working Journalists Association .
He was a strong advocate of freedom of expression and a visible participant in protests against threats to media - but had avoided playing an active role in criticising the government over the past few months .
Police arrested editors of the Lankanews website , which exposed the incident , but no other suspects were found .
" It is journalists and the state media that incited this attack , " says prominent human rights lawyer and media activist SG Punchihewa .
The editor of the state - owned Dinamina Sinhala weekly , Mahinda Abeysundara , is a leading figure accused by free media activists of inciting the hatred .
Mr Abeysundara has accused the prominent media activist , Sunanda Deshapriya , of " betraying the country " by producing a report on the plight of displaced people for a UN High Commission for Refugees session in Geneva .
Mr Abeysundara has also accused other journalists of being paid by the LTTE .
" I make these revelations on behalf of my country but it is not my intention to incite attacks against anybody , " he told Ravaya Sinhala weekly .
" I exposed Sunanda Deshapriya 's act as his speech was treacherous .
I will not stop exposing these traitors " .
Mr Deshapriya has not returned to the country after his trip to Geneva .
' Little progress ' The Free Media Movement ( FMM ) says that the government should take responsibility for the recent spate of attacks on the media .
The group accuses the government of failing to take any concrete action against the killings , abductions and threats .
Lasantha Wickramatunga was killed on his way to work " We have to point the finger at the government as it has a huge responsibility to stop these attacks but has failed to do so , " FMM Secretary Sunil Jayasekara told the BBC .
However , the government says it does not intervene in police investigations .
Media minister Lakshman Yapa Abeywardene admits the investigations over attacks on the media sometimes are lacking in progress and focus .
" As a person who is regularly in touch with journalists I am genuinely shocked , " he told the BBC Sinhala service .
" But it is up to the security services to investigate and we do not intervene . "
A senior journalist who did not wish to be identified told the BBC that euphoria created at the end of the war and vitriol spread by the state media were the prime reasons behind the increased threats .
" Not a single media institution protested when state media repeatedly showed Poddala Jayantha 's image while reporting alleged payments by the LTTE to journalists .
He was never given an opportunity to answer the accusations .
I wonder whether there is any media ethic in this country , " he said .
Mr Wickramatunga was shot in January by unidentified gunmen
In an earlier statement to parliament , chief government whip Dinesh Goonawardene admitted that nine journalists had been killed since President Mahinda Rajapaksa took over .
Many leading journalists left the country after the assassination of Sunday Leader Editor Lasantha Wickramatunge in Colombo on 8 January .
Poddala Jayantha who was among those who fled , but returned to the country after three weeks .
Many leading journalists are yet to return and the fear is such that many do not wish to speak even while living in exile .
Gamini Viyangoda , a writer and former editor of the Lankadissent news website , says he is not surprised to see the situation deteriorating since the writing was on the wall even before the war started .
Lankadissent , a website that frequently criticises the government , decided to close its operations just after the assassination of Mr Wickramatunge .
At the same time Mr Viyangoda stopped writing his weekly column in the Ravaya newspaper because the situation " was not conducive for the expression of free opinion any more " .
" Now the war is over , this should be the hour of reconciliation but sadly the political ambitions of certain groups in the ruling coalition seem to be taking the country in a different direction , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How to Make Paper Planes
Paper Planes have been providing quick and easy fun for generations .
We provide detailed instructions and video tutorials to help you make over 50 different paper gliders , darts , and long distance flyers .
Paper Airplanes are fun and educational .
Select a plane below and let 's get started .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Several senior Democratic advisers to the White House are urging President Obama to further step up his personal involvement in the health care debate , as administration allies privately warn the president 's push for a major reform bill is hitting major roadblocks at a critical juncture on Capitol Hill .
President Obama says health care reform is one of his top priorities .
One of the Democratic advisers told CNN there is fear within the party that the president 's signature issue is " on the rocks " because of dramatically high cost estimates for separate bills being drafted by Sens.
Edward Kennedy , D - Massachusetts and Max Baucus , D - Montana .
The Congressional Budget Office 's estimate for the Kennedy bill -- that it will cost $ 1 trillion and yet leave millions of Americans without health insurance -- has given Republicans strong political ammunition to charge reform may be too expensive at a time of massive federal deficits .
" We 're going to need the White House to step it up a little bit and get more engaged , " said a second Democratic adviser , who acknowledged concerns that Republicans are gaining steam in the message battle .
" We 've got some time to sort this out , but decision time is just around the corner . "
This second Democratic adviser said the CBO 's $ 1.6 trillion estimate for the Baucus bill was particularly jarring to Democrats because it was " several hundred billion dollars more " than expected .
Baucus , chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , announced this week he 's pushing back the official unveiling of his legislation until after July 4 -- a delay that imperils White House hopes the Senate can finish work on the issue before leaving town for its August recess .
But senior White House officials contend that while there are legitimate concerns about the status of the legislation , the president is still confident the setbacks are a normal part of the legislative process and it will eventually get back on track .
" We 're not hysterical , " said one senior White House official .
" We 've seen this movie before : [ the Congressional process ] looks like a total mess , nothing is getting done , and then something happens . "
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday that despite the partisan rancor , Obama believes Congress can work out its differences and deliver a bill in 2009 .
" I do n't think it 's a surprise that this is going to take some time to do , " he said .
" It 's an issue that we 've been discussing for 40 years . "
Amid the Democratic concerns about the need for the president to take on a more active role , Obama is planning next Wednesday to appear in a primetime special broadcast on ABC News .
The program entitled " Questions for the President : Prescription for America " will be moderated by Charles Gibson and Diane Sawyer and will feature questions from audience members in the East Room of the White House .
Jim Manley , a senior aide to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada , told CNN that while there are some ominous signs for Democrats right now , party officials are confident they 're just bumps in the road .
" Be very careful to sort out the wheat from the chaff , the noise from the reality , " Manley said .
" It 's not easy , but we can do it . "
But in a sign Democrats may be nervous that they will not be able to reach 60 votes in the Senate for Obama 's plan , Reid reminded reporters this week that in order to pass the health legislation he still reserves the right to use arcane budget rules known as " reconciliation " that require only a simple majority of 51 votes .
Republicans accuse Obama and the Democrats of trying to rush through what they say is flawed legislation in 2009 , before the politics of mid-term elections in 2010 and the 2012 presidential election .
" I hope we do n't become victims of a deadline when we want to get it right , " said Sen.
Michael Enzi , R - Wyoming , who accused Democrats on the committee of forcing an incomplete , partisan bill on the panel .
" We 're doing it too fast . "
At issue is how to best reduce the cost and increase the reach of the current health care system , which officials say is increasingly draining personal , corporate and government budgets while leaving 46 million Americans without health insurance .
Obama warns that failure to act now would bring far worse economic difficulties than the costs of plans under discussion .
Both parties in Congress agree on the need to slow the increase in health care costs while ensuring that all Americans can get health insurance , but they differ sharply on how to proceed .
Democrats generally favor a government - funded " public option " to compete with private insurers .
Republicans say such a step would lead to a government takeover of health care , which they oppose .
The parties agree on several principles , including an emphasis on preventive care , cost - cutting measures in the existing Medicare and Medicaid programs and a halt to denials of coverage because of pre-existing medical conditions .
Meanwhile , a bipartisan group made up of former Senate Majority Leaders Tom Daschle , Howard Baker and Bob Dole has offered an outline for an alternative plan intended to overcome the deep party divisions .
The proposal by the Bipartisan Policy Center calls for a budget - neutral plan that would include taxing some employer - provided health care benefits for workers .
The plan stopped short of an outright government - funded public health care option , but called for various forms of government assistance to help make coverage more affordable and available .
It also called for requiring all Americans to have health care .
Both taxing health care benefits and the lack of a public option go against stated Democratic positions , while the mandate for individual coverage is opposed by Republicans .
Such a bipartisan approach is what the issue requires , Rep. Jim Cooper , D - Tennessee , said at a Thursday news conference held by legislators from both parties .
" We 're not here to slow it down , " Cooper said of his call for the two parties to work together on a consensus measure guaranteed to pass .
" The process is already creaking under it 's own weight , " he said .
" I have a message for Democrats : if you want to get health care reform done , include Republicans and take the sledge - hammer threat of reconciliation off the table , " said Antonia Ferrier , spokeswoman for House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio .
" Using this heavy - handed tactic shows they can't even reach agreement within their own party -- and that their moderates have abandoned them . "
CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this story
All About Health Care Policy • Barack Obama
California Atty . Gen. Jerry Brown once again refused to defend Proposition 8 ’s ban on same - sex marriage Friday , telling a federal judge that it violated the U.S. Constitution and should be struck down .
Brown made his arguments in response to a federal lawsuit against the state by two gay couples who contend the initiative violates federal due process and equal protection guarantees .
Over Brown ’s opposition , the California Supreme Court upheld the proposition last month on state , not federal , constitutional grounds , a few days after the federal suit was filed in San Francisco .
Brown ’s willingness to fight a state law that has been upheld by the state ’s highest court contrasted sharply with President Obama ’s decision this week to oppose a federal challenge to the U.S. Defense of Marriage Act brought in Orange County .
Advertisement
In that case , a married gay couple , Arthur Smelt and Christopher Hammer , has challenged the constitutionality of both Proposition 8 and the 1996 federal law that prohibits extension of federal benefits to same - sex couples .
The U.S. Justice Department has argued that the Orange County challenge should be dismissed , a position that was quickly denounced by gay rights lawyers .
In a statement , Obama ’s lawyers noted that the president considers the gay marriage ban discriminatory and wants it rescinded , but that his government is legally obliged to defend the law on the books .
“ The president has said he wants to see a legislative repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act because it prevents [ lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ] couples from being granted equal rights and benefits .
However , until Congress passes legislation repealing the law , the administration will continue to defend the statute when it is challenged in the justice system , ” the statement said .
Advertisement
Brown , however , said that even though California is required to enforce Proposition 8 , he is free to agree with the challengers that it violates the 14th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution .
Brown ’s position , laid out in a brief filed late Friday , puts the state ’s highest - ranking law enforcement officer on the record declaring that the ballot measure violates federal constitutional protections .
The San Francisco case may eventually reach the U.S. Supreme Court .
At the same time , Brown argued that U.S. District Judge Vaughan Walker should not suspend Proposition 8 immediately because a higher court could reinstate it later and put same - sex couples in “ legal limbo . ”
“ Staying operation of Proposition 8 , without the certainty of a final judgment as to its constitutionality , would leave same - sex couples , as well as their families , friends , and the wider community , in legal limbo , ” Brown argued .
Advertisement
Andy Pugno , the lawyer for the campaign that won passage of the measure , accused Brown of being “ intent on undercutting Prop. 8 at every opportunity ” when told of the filing .
“ The people of California really deserve better than to have their vote just continually questioned and second - guessed by the attorney general , ” Pugno said .
The campaign has asked Judge Walker to allow it to defend the measure as a full participant in the case , just as it did before the California Supreme Court .
Nationally renowned attorneys Theodore Olson and David Boies filed the San Francisco suit on behalf of a lesbian couple from Berkeley and two gay men from Burbank who had been denied marriage licenses after Proposition 8 ’s passage .
Advertisement
The lawyers are scheduled to ask Walker on July 2 to put Proposition 8 on hold pending a trial .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , in a separate filing , also said the measure should not be temporarily blocked because of the uncertainty over what higher courts will rule .
The federal challenge brought by Olson and Boies has worried gay rights advocates who fear the federal courts , currently dominated by judges named by Republican presidents , could rule against those claiming a constitutional right for gays to marry and set back their cause by as much as decades .
The American Civil Liberties Union , speaking for an alliance of gay rights groups , lamented the Justice Department ’s move to dismiss the Orange County couple ’s suit .
“ The administration is using many of the same flawed legal arguments that the Bush administration used , ” Paul Cates , the ACLU gay rights project director , said of the brief filed by the government late Thursday .
“ These arguments rightly have been rejected by several state supreme courts as legally unsound and obviously discriminatory . ”
Advertisement
The federal ban on recognizing same - sex marriages is also being challenged by 12 gay couples from Massachusetts who have identified specific damages suffered because of the law , such as denial of joint tax - filing benefits , spousal benefits for federal employees and inheritance rights .
Smelt and Hammer also sued the state over Proposition 8 .
In response to that challenge , Brown filed a motion to dismiss , arguing that the men lack standing to sue because their marriage has been recognized as legal and is unaffected by the voter initiative .
In upholding Proposition 8 , the state high court refused to apply it retroactively , leaving an estimated 18,000 same - sex marriages intact .
Proposition 8 , a constitutional amendment , reinstated a same - sex marriage ban following the California Supreme Court ’s historic , May 15 , 2008 , ruling that the ban violated the state Constitution .
Advertisement
The state high court rejected challenges that the measure was an impermissible , sweeping revision rather than a more limited constitutional amendment .
--
carol.williams@latimes.com
maura.dolan@latimes.com
As long as its a generic one and a tattoo of a specific penis I think you 're ok .
And no arrows or directions gesturing the penis towards you starfish .
The nationwide surge in violence by right wing extremists has been making a lot of headlines lately , both in the blogosphere and the corporate media -- with Fox News doing its best to downplay the violence as isolated and perpetrated by lefties .
Now it appears that Shawna Forde , a rising star in the xenophobic , anti-immigrant militia movement has been arrested for her role in a home invasion that left two dead , including a 9 year old girl .
TUCSON , AZ ( KOLD ) - Pima County Sheriff 's investigators have charged three people with a May 30 home invasion that left a father and 9 - year - old girl dead .
Shawna Forde , Jason Eugene Bush and Albert Robert Gaxiola face murder , burglary and aggravated assault charges .
Investigators say the suspects broke into a home in Arivaca , shooting and killing 29 - year old Raul Flores and his daughter Brisenia .
Investigators say Forde was the mastermind of the operation .
She and Gaxiola are in the Pima county jail .
Answering media questions while led out in handcuffs , both suspects denied responsibility for the deadly home invasion .
" This is a very unusual woman , " said Clarence Dupnik , Pima County Sheriff .
" I do n't really know what goes on in her mind , but she is obviously a very evil person .
If you look at her history closely , and you know what we know , she is , at best , a psychopath . "
Read on ...
Forde , who is surrounded by numerous controversies , has been on the radars of both the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League for some time now .
Shawna is also supported by Jim Gilchrist , co-founder of the Minuteman Project -- who is also embroiled in controversies of his own .
Competition : get your game in front of Will Wright and Sid Meier
Most indie game developers would give their right arms to get their game ideas in front of game gods like Sid Meier and Will Wright .
Fancy it ?
Intel 's Level Up 2009 competition 's judging panel is full of heavy hitters , including Wright and Meier , and all you have to do to show them your bits and bytes is submit a game idea .
Sex it up with some screenshots if you wish .
Here are the details :
Level Up 2009 is a worldwide competition providing developer 's greater exposure to the gaming community .
Submissions ( in the form of an abstract , any screenshots or movies -- code is not necessary ) from professional , aspiring and student game developers will be accepted until July 1 , 2009 .
The games will be judged in three categories : Best Threaded Game , Best Game - on - the - Go , and Best Game Optimized for Intel® Graphics .
On July 20 , 2009 , finalists will be notified by email , and by August 10 executable programs and articles are due .
Winners get hardware and the attentions of the top developers in the world .
Check out your competition here .
Gosh , makes our Game Pitch feature feel like child 's play .
Thanks for the heads - up , Erik !
What 's weird about the latest Home Office announcement on ID cards is not the mendacity .
One gets used to that .
It is its pretence simultaneously at calm and radical change .
Let us be clear : there is no radical change in this announcement , a compulsory identity card trial for airside workers due to start in September has been abandoned by the new home secretary but for the rest of us the Home Office line remains the same .
No compulsion ( as the Home Office means the term ) was going to be applied until almost everyone had volunteered , and it was only a matter of rounding a minority of resisters and marginalised people .
The Home Office 's idea of voluntary is not the same as yours and mine .
Since 2004 , and in petto before , the object of the exercise has been for the scheme to have " parasitic vitality " , for it to be a vampire on the body politic .
It was – and is – to proceed by one - by - one " designating " under the Identity Cards
Act other documents issued by official bodies , primarily passports .
Once a document has been designated , you wo n't be able to apply for one without also applying to be entered , for life , on the national identity register .
If you do n't it wo n't be that you have been refused ( say ) a passport ; you 'd have voluntarily decided not to apply .
There 's no compulsion to have a passport .
It is useful for travelling .
But you are n't compelled to travel .
Or to drive .
Or to work as a security guard .
Or with children .
Or in healthcare .
To get parole from prison .
To practice as a lawyer .
Any official licence , registration certificate or permit can be designated , and – by the home office 's lights – handing control of your identity to the Home Office 's Identity and Passport Service will be entirely voluntary .
That they were due for a confrontation with the airside worker 's unions over designating new passes at Manchester and City Airports is an illustration of just how voluntary " voluntary " really is .
But the fact they have now ducked that fight for political convenience suggests we can say , no .
We just have to unveil the fraud of no compulsion first .
* Searchers find 17 bodies in total , more debris
* Air France hastens replacement of speed sensors
* Airbus had speed sensor problems since 2001 ( Recasts with more bodies found )
RECIFE , Brazil / PARIS , June 7 ( Reuters ) - Searchers found 15 more bodies from a crashed Air France jet on Sunday and retrieved a large amount of debris from the plane that plunged into the Atlantic ocean in the worst air disaster since 2001 .
Nearly a week after the Airbus A330 crashed on its way from Rio de Janeiro to Paris killing all 228 people on board , a total of 17 bodies have been recovered , following the discovery of two unidentified males on Saturday .
Investigators are considering the possibility the speed sensors on Flight 447 may have iced up and Air France
AIRF .
PA
said late on Saturday it was accelerating the replacement of speed sensors on all its Airbus
EAD .
PA
long - haul planes .
Brazil 's navy and air force said in a statement on Sunday night that they had retrieved seven more bodies and were transporting them along with the two corpses found on Saturday to the islands of Fernando de Noronha , 230 miles ( 370 km ) off the coast of Brazil .
Of the nine corpses , four were male and four were female , while the sex of the other body could not be identified .
A French ship picked up eight bodies on Sunday , the Brazilian military said , without giving further details .
" Hundreds of items are being found and being stored until we know where they should go , " Brazilian Air Force spokesman Henry Munhoz told reporters in the northeastern city of Recife , where the bodies and debris will eventually be brought .
STRUCTURAL COMPONENTS FOUND
Brazil 's military declined to give details about the debris found on Sunday , saying only that it was " structural components . "
Brazilian network Globo reported on its website that a refrigerated truck used to store corpses was waiting on Fernando de Noronha .
Brazilian media also said police were taking DNA samples from passengers ' relatives to help identify the bodies .
Twelve Brazilian planes , one equipped with radar equipment that can detect material in the water , two French planes , one French ship and five Brazilian navy ships are searching the area about 680 miles ( 1,100 km ) northeast of Brazil 's coast .
France also has sent a nuclear - powered submarine that should arrive on Wednesday to search for the black box flight data recorders that will be crucial to understanding why the plane fell from the sky as it passed storms on Monday .
The plane 's pilots may have set the aircraft at a dangerous speed because they were relying on faulty speed readings , investigators say .
Air France said it had begun the switchover of speed sensors five weeks before the crash but only after disagreeing with Airbus over the planemaker 's proposal to carry out tests before replacing them .
An Airbus spokesman declined to comment and said it could only discuss the investigation with French air authorities .
The head of France 's air accident agency BEA said on Saturday it was too soon to say if problems with the speed sensors , known as pitot tubes , were in any way responsible .
LOST DATA
The agency said the A330 had sent out 24 error messages in four minutes including one indicating a discrepancy in speed data .
It said similar problems had happened before .
Air France said it had first noticed in May 2008 that ice in the sensors was causing lost data in planes like the A330 , but that it failed to agree with Airbus on steps to take .
According to Air France , Airbus offered to carry out an in - flight test on new sensors this year but the airline decided to go ahead and started changing them anyway from April 27 .
It did not say whether the crashed plane had the new sensors but its last maintenance hangar visit was on April 16 .
Some of the A330s 50 or so other operators defended the plane 's safety record at an airlines meeting in Kuala Lumpur on Sunday , saying the crash was an isolated incident . [ n SP352960 ]
Airbus has faced problems with the speed sensors dating to at least 2001 , forcing changes in equipment as well as the pilot 's flight manual , according to online filings .
In 2001 , France reported several cases of sudden fluctuation of A330 or A340 airspeed data during severe icing conditions and Airbus was ordered to change the cockpit manual , according to the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration .
[ ID :nL6511316 ]
Mr Buffett defended his investments in the US banking sector and said he would " love to buy all of Wells Fargo " if he were allowed to .
When the US bank 's share price fell below $ 9 ( £ 6 ) earlier this year , he said : " If I had to put all my net worth in one stock , that would be the stock . "
Below are some of the greatest players , at their positions , that the NFL has ever witnessed .
Besides their great abilities and personal success , these players have something else in common – a gigantic void in their career resumes .
This void is caused by an inability to win the biggest game of the year ; The Super Bowl .
Is it bad luck ?
Bad weather ?
Bad match - ups ?
Karma ?
Who knows , but what is known is that these players will have to live with an asterisk next to there name to remind them that they could never lead their team to the ultimate goal .
Dan Marino – QB Miami Dolphins 1983 - 1999
420 TDs , 61,361 YDs
Some consider Dan Marino to be the greatest quarterback in the history of the National Football League .
At the time of Marino ’s retirement he held almost every major offensive record for a quarterback .
Among those records were most total touchdowns , most total yards , most yards in a season , and most touchdowns in a season .
Sadly enough the one stat that eluded Marino throughout his 17 year career was championships .
Marino ’s one trip to the super bowl was in 1984 against the San Francisco 49ers in which the Dolphins stayed close for the fist half but in the end fell 38 - 16 .
After 1984 Marino continually had just above average talent around him .
Most significantly , Marino was void of a running presence throughout his career as there was only one 1,000 yard rusher for the Dolphins in his 17 year career .
As the memory of Marino fades as a player , his records seem to be getting forgotten while his inability to win a super bowl becomes the one thing people might remember him for .
Barry Sanders - RB Detroit Lions 1989 -1998
99 TDs , 15,269 YDs
Barry Sanders was the most elusive running backs football has ever seen and was a continual highlight reel .
Sanders ’ numbers in his 9 years of NFL service ranked among the top five in almost every category .
Possibly the most frustrating thing for Barry Sanders fans is that at the spry age of only 30 , Sanders retired leaving most records associated with running backs unbroken .
Sanders was only 1,500 yards away from Walter Payton ’s all time rushing record after his last season in 1998 .
He also walked away from a career that was completely void of a championship .
In Sanders ’ 9 year career he only reached as far as the NFC championship once ( 1991 vs. the Redskins ) .
His Lion teams consistently lacked great play from the defense and at the quarterback position and led to 6 losing seasons during his career .
Warren Moon – QB Houston Oilers , Minnesota Vikings , Seattle Seahawks , Kanas City Chiefs 1984 -2000
291 TDs , 49,325 YDs
Warren Moon came into the NFL after spending time in the Canadian Football league and never looked back .
Moon put up some of the greatest statistical years football has ever witnessed .
He passed for over 4000 yards four times , while throwing over 30 touchdowns twice .
Moon had one of the elite arms in the NFL , even into his later years .
A lot of people forget that Moon spent a full six years in the CFL and threw for over 21,000 yards during his time there and won five consecutive Grey Cup Championships .
Those Grey Cups would be the closest thing to a Super Bowl victory that Moon would see in his career .
As a matter of fact , Warren Moon never even got to be a part of a divisional championship .
Anthony Munoz – OT Cincinnati Bengals , Tampa Bay Buccaneers 1980 - 1993
11 Pro-Bowl appearances
Anthony Munoz is considered by just about every NFL expert to be the greatest offensive linemen in football history .
Munoz was a ten time all - pro and anchored a Bengal offensive line that was a strong piece of two super bowl teams .
He appeared in those two super bowls in 1981 and 1989 , both against the San Francisco 49ers who beat them in both contests .
Munoz was an unmovable wall for over ten years for the Cincinnati Bengals but never got to feel what it was like to win his last game of any season .
Jim Kelly – QB Buffalo Bills 1986 - 1996
237 TDs , 35,467 YDs
Jim Kelley came out of the University of Miami a highly touted quarterback , but decided to sign with the Houston Gamblers of the USFL .
Kelly dominated the league for three years before it ’s demise and returned back to the team that originally drafted him , the Buffalo Bills .
With the Bills Jim Kelley became the poster - child for super bowl disappointment .
Over the span of four years ( 1989 - 1993 ) the Kelly - lead Buffalo Bills lost in the final game of the year to first the New York Giants , then the Washington Redskins , and finally the Dallas Cowboys two times in a row .
Kelly brought about questions whether it is better to never get to the super bowl or to get there four times and lose all four times .
Kelley had great teams over his career but seemed to never be able to make that final leap ; also , the Bills ran into one of the greatest NFL teams ever in the Dallas Cowboys of 1992 and 1993 .
Cris Carter – WR Philadelphia Eagles , Minnesota Vikings , Miami Dolphins 1987 - 2002
130 TDs , 13,899 YDs
All Chris Carter did was catch touchdowns and not win super bowls .
Cris Carter is another unfortunate soul who never even got to play in the big game .
He came close twice in getting to the NFC championship game , losing to first the Atlanta Falcons and then the New York Giants .
Carter was n’t known as an athletically gifted wide receiver , but as one who had amazing hands , ran great routes , and worked harder than everyone else .
Dick Butkus – LB Chicago Bears 1965 - 1973
1,020 tackles 22 INTs
Dick Butkus was the scariest man in football for 8 years with the Chicago Bears .
Butkus is considered to be one the elite line backers during any decade in the NFL .
He was one of the first defensive players to truly disrupt entire games and force the opposing coach to game - plan around him .
Unfortunately , Butkus played for some very bad Chicago teams that never even made the playoffs in his 8 years .
Earl Campbell – RB Houston Oilers , New Orleans Saints 1978 -1985
74 TDs , 9,407 YDs
Earl Campbell was the most powerful running back that sports fans had ever seen .
His body was a battering ram for a very bad Houston Oilers franchise that depended upon his talent to win games ( just not Super Bowls ) and eventually ruined his body .
Dan Fouts – QB San Diego Chargers 1973 -1987
254 TDs , 43,040 YDs
When Dan Fouts left the NFL , he was number one in most offensive categories for quarterbacks .
Fouts led the high powered Chargers offense for 14 years and performed at a level that most had never seen at his position .
Even with all of his dominance , the Chargers failed to even make it to the final game of the year .
( CNN ) --
A cancerous tumor in 13 - year - old Danny Hauser 's chest has shrunk significantly since he was ordered by a court last month to resume chemotherapy treatment , a family spokesman said .
Danny Hauser , 13 , was headed for a clinic in Mexico until an arrest warrant was issued for his mom .
But the Hauser family attributes much of his progress to the complementary use of vitamins and minerals to boost his immune system , Dan Zwakman said .
" The family is doing it on their own , with the doctor 's knowledge , " Zwakman said .
" Everybody is pleased that the tumor is shrinking , of course .
The goal is to get rid of the cancer , but they 'd rather be doing it without the chemo . "
Danny 's case made national headlines last month when he and his mother , Colleen , fled Sleepy Eye , Minnesota , for Mexico to seek alternative cancer care despite a court order that he undergo chemotherapy .
They eventually returned after an arrest warrant was issued for Colleen Hauser .
But had they made it to their destination -- the Rubio Clinic in Tijuana , according to Zwakman -- they would have joined the ranks of an estimated hundreds of other cancer patients who head south of the border each year for cancer care .
" Their intentions started long ago with Colleen .
She 's been involved in natural healing for many years now .
She believes the world was created with everything needed to sustain and heal life , " Zwakman said .
Despite controversial origins and consistent bad press in the United States , Tijuana 's border clinics continue to attract people like the Hausers , who are in search of more holistic approaches to cancer treatment .
Because little data exist on how many clinics are operating , it 's unclear how many American cancer patients visit Mexico each year , said Stephen Barrett , a patient advocate who runs the Web site , http://www.quackwatch.com/.
" If they answered , you could not be sure they were telling the truth .
They might have an incentive to raise the number , " he said in an e-mail .
" To make matters more complicated , many of the ' cancer ' clinics also see people who do n't have cancer . "
The concept of complementary and alternative cancer treatment has slowly been gaining acceptance for more than a decade in the United States , with the creation of entities including the National Cancer Institute 's Office of Cancer Complementary and Alternative Medicine .
" Clinicians and researchers have realized that it 's important to conduct methodologically sound studies to help guide patients to understand what 's safe and what 's effective , " said Dr. Ted Gansler , medical director of health content for the American Cancer Society .
But no one recommends that alternative treatment be used to replace conventional care , such as chemotherapy or radiation , he said .
" The important thing to remember is there is no recommended alternative to conventional treatment , and the reason is because if it worked , it would become conventional , " he said .
As far as Tijuana 's border clinics are concerned , the American Cancer Society cautions that " methods promoted in Mexican border clinics are not consistent with scientific understanding " of cancer and its treatment .
" Although these clinics often claim great success in advertisements and books , they have not published convincing evidence in medical journals to support those claims , " the ACS says in a section on its Web site called Questionable Cancer Practices In Mexico .
" Patients traveling to the Tijuana area for treatment appear to be subjecting themselves to costly and potentially hazardous regimens , especially if they postpone standard medical care . "
Loose regulatory standards in Mexico allow Tijuana 's clinics to thrive , many offering expensive treatment in luxurious , spa-like settings , complete with fresh meals , exercise classes and emotional and spiritual counseling .
Many herbs and dietary supplements used in border clinics are not considered dangerous ; they just have not been put through the rigorous clinical trials required for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to approve them for use as cancer treatments .
Others , like the antioxidants carotene , lycopene and vitamins C , E and A , have produced inconsistent results in large - scale trials and are still being researched .
Still others , like laetrile , a chemical compound whose active ingredient is cyanide , can be dangerous , the National Cancer Institute says .
But many patients say they are attracted by the warm , caring relationship between patient and clinic staff .
" They do n't just see the disease .
They see the person behind the disease and know how to care for them in every way , " says Sarah Sackett - Hutcheson , who claims she has been cancer - free for 17 years .
When she was 11 years old , her oncologist told her family she had six months to live and recommended chemotherapy and radiation to battle her non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma .
Instead of undergoing the debilitating treatments , she went to the Oasis of Hope Hospital in Tijuana , where she received low doses of chemotherapy along with intravenous vitamins .
The American Cancer Society says there is no scientific evidence that low doses of chemotherapy or large doses of supplements are effective against cancer .
But Sackett - Hutcheson believes the small doses of chemo attacked cancerous cells without destroying her immune system while the vitamins boosted her immunity .
" I remember thinking if they 'd given me the high doses of chemo I would n't have made it .
Even the low doses made me so incredibly sick .
I 'd be getting up like every 15 minutes , puking in the middle of the night , " Sackett - Hutcheson said .
Like Danny Hauser , Sackett - Hutcheson was entangled in a court battle over her family 's decision .
However , a judge allowed her to continue treatment in Mexico , while last month a judge ordered Hauser to undergo chemotherapy .
Sackett - Hutcheson's case was ultimately dismissed after doctors from the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston declined to evaluate her progress on the grounds that they felt she was receiving " inadequate treatment , " according to court documents .
Four months after her diagnosis in 1991 , she says , she was cancer - free , and has remained so .
Dr. Francisco Contreras , Oasis of Hope 's head physician and the son of its founder , says Mexico's " open-mindedness " toward alternative therapies is related to the socioeconomic standing of most of its citizens .
" Mexican authorities are much more open to natural therapies because most Mexicans live under the line of poverty so they would not have access to conventional medicine , " he said .
" I do n't know if that 's for benefit of our patients or not , but we have this open - mindedness because we have to do something to help our people . "
Like many border clinics , Contreras says his center takes an integrative approach , combining conventional treatment , such as chemotherapy and radiation , with alternative methods to create individualized regimens that focus on healing the entire body with fewer debilitating , long - term side effects .
Not everyone leaves Tijuana 's clinics happy .
Several articles on www.quackwatch.com and its sister sites contain negative testimonials from people who say they sought alternative treatment , mostly laetrile , for parents or a loved one only to have them die of cyanide poisoning a few weeks later .
Such cautionary tales did n't stop Jennifer Woods from following the example of her grandfather by going to Tijuana to receive the Alivizatos treatment , an intravenous serum that its makers say consists of vitamins , minerals and amino acids .
During her first monthlong visit , Woods paid about $ 15,000 for surgery to remove her tumors , 20 days of worth of the dosage and two meals a day , plus lodging expenses across the border in San Diego , California .
But Woods says it was worth every penny .
" I feel well .
I 've never had any ill side effects , and I have learned so much about nutrition and how to maintain my health , " she said in a telephone interview from her home in Denver , Colorado .
Woods says she has not seen a doctor in the United States since .
She says she returns to IBC about every six months for six days at a time to receive " booster treatments " for about $ 1,200 a visit .
" It 's a very well - rounded program .
You do n't just go there and let somebody give you something and then walk out and forget about it .
You take responsibility from that day forward to do the right thing to keep your health in order . "
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
Astronomers -- even skeptical ones with a sense of humor and an eye for pareidolia -- can miss things .
In this case , I can hardly believe I somehow dropped the pigskin on this one .
Wow .
I mean really , wow !
The thing is , I was so drawn to the dunes that I missed something that , in retrospect , makes moi a bit of a fool .
Look to the middle right ; see that raised dome ?
Yeah ?
Well , look a little closer :
See it ?
Maybe this comparison will help vous .
It ’s so obvious !
And what makes it worse is as soon as I saw it I knew why it was there … all you have to do is look at this image of the Martian surface taken by the Viking 1 orbiter back in the 1970s …
It ’s all clear to me now .
It ’s not easy being red .
Sigh .
Pareidolia is certainly subjective , of course , but as a wise swine once said , " Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye . "
Tip o’ the hand puppet to BABloggee Ken Arthur for notifying me of my oversight .
Tip o’ the heat shield as well to the Tampa Bay Skeptics for the Kermit pic .
" We have clarified the policy at our leisure centres to make it absolutely clear that someone breastfeeding should not be treated the same as someone who is eating and drinking in the swimming pool areas . "
Article Index Bitmaps to videos Bitmap Class Making the video Compression Action Page 1 of 5
This project takes still images from various sources including photos , drawn animation , stop frame animation , and puts them together make a movie .
The basic idea is to turn this : into this :
The big problem is how to assemble them to make the video ?
The obvious answer is to make use of the Windows Media Format SDK but at the moment this is difficult to work with in any language other than C ++.
At some point in the future no doubt Microsoft will get round to creating a “ managed ” interface for it and it will be possible to use it from all the .NET languages but I doubt it will be any time soon .
Meanwhile there is a good alternative in the form of Video for Windows ( VfW ) .
This is the original video system introduced for Windows 98 .
While it has been largely over taken by Windows Media it is still supported and if all you want to do is create an AVI file it ’s perfectly adequate and has the advantage of being available on older machines .
There are some problems with using VfW , the first being its terrible documentation .
You can read about VfW at : http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms713492(VS.85).aspx or just search for “ Video for Windows ” on the Microsoft web site .
The second problem is that you have to make use of API function calls and this means discovering how to transfer data from whatever high - level language you are using to the API s’ primitive data types .
We are going to use C# ( download the free C# Express development system ) but as the project is mostly API calls you can use any .NET language that supports P / invoke .
< ASIN:0321552962 > < ASIN:3827268621@DE > < ASIN:0672325691 >
A simply astounding move by the paper - getting rid of the one blogger , Dan Froomkin , who kept it real and kept it interesting .
Dan 's work on torture may be one reason he is now gone .
The way in which the WaPo has been coopted by the neocon right , especially in its editorial pages , is getting more and more disturbing .
This purge will prompt a real revolt in the blogosphere .
And it should .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Dylan Thuras is a guest blogger on Boing Boing .
Dylan is a travel blogger and the co-founder of the Atlas Obscura : A Compendium of the World 's Wonders , Curiosities , and Esoterica , with Joshua Foer .
Ball 's Pyramid is fairly amazing at first glance .
However it was n't until 2001 on a much closer inspection of the island , that scientists realized just how amazing the island , and its inhabits , really were
The remnants of a once massive volcano , Ball 's Pyramid juts 1,843 feet out of the Pacific ocean .
Discovered in 1788 , the barren , rocky spire was thought to be devoid of life until 2001 when a group of scientists discovered what may be the world 's rarest insect .
The Lord Howe Island stick insect ( Dryococelus australis ) had not been seen alive in over 70 years .
Known as " land lobsters " or " walking sausages , " the six inch long insects had once been common on the neighboring Lord Howe Island , but were assumed to have been eaten into extinction by black rats introduced when a supply ship ran aground in 1918 .
Yet in 2001 the scientists found a colony of the huge Lord Howe Island stick insects living under a single bush , a hundred feet up the otherwise entirely infertile rock .
Somehow a few of the wingless insects escaped and managed –by means still unknown –to traverse 23 kilometers of open ocean , land on Ball 's Pyramid , and survive there .
Just 27 of the insects have been found on the rocky spire .
They are currently being bred in captivity .
Links to Ball 's Pyramid on the Atlas and a link to the fact sheet on the Lord Howe Island stick insect .
Located in Morristown , New Jersey , Smith & Gaynor , LLC , provides attentive and proficient representation to individuals and families throughout northern New Jersey .
Together our attorneys possess a range of experience and skill , enabling us to handle a broad spectrum of personal injury claims , including auto accidents , workplace accidents , dog bites and slip - and - falls .
No matter the service you need , we will strive to deliver superior and innovative solutions to your unique legal issue .
Our representation starts with listening .
When you tell us your story — whether you 've been in a car accident , fallen on a slippery floor or hurt yourself at work — we take the time to fully understand your concerns and goals .
Then we ensure you have the information you need to make confident decisions for yourself , your family and your future .
We believe our respectful approach is the reason we have earned the trust of so many clients since 1996 .
Rep. Mark Kirk ( R - IL ) Monday introduced a bill that would dramatically increase prison sentences for marijuana trafficking offenses if the pot in question had THC levels over 15 % .
Warning Monday that " kush super - marijuana " had invaded the Chicago suburbs , Kirk is calling for prison sentences of up to 25 years for trafficking even small quantities of the kind bud .
Mark Kirk
Under current federal law , the manufacture , distribution , import and export , and possession with intent to distribute fewer than 50 kilograms or 50 plants is punishable by up to five years in federal prison , a $ 250,000 individual fine and $ 1 million group fine .
Kirk 's bill , the High - Potency Marijuana Sentencing Enhancement Act ( HR 2828 ) increases the maximum fines for high - potency pot to $ 1 million for an individual and $ 5 million for a group , as well as increasing the maximum prison sentence five - fold .
A second offense would double the fines and increase the maximum sentence to 35 years .
In a press release announcing the bill , Kirk warned of " zombie - like " pot smokers stumbling around the Chicago suburbs .
" According to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health , more than 25 million individuals age 12 and older used marijuana in 2007 -- significantly more than any other drug , " he said .
" That 's why Kush and other high - potency marijuana strains are so worrying .
Local law enforcement reports that Kush users are ' zombie - like ' because of the extreme THC levels .
Drug dealers know they can make as much money selling Kush as cocaine but without the heavier sentences that accompany crack and cocaine trafficking .
Higher fines and longer sentences are n't the total solution to our nation 's drug problem .
But our laws should keep pace with advances in the strength and cash - value of high - THC marijuana .
If you can make as much money selling pot as cocaine , you should face the same penalties . "
Rep .
Kirk appears to have swallowed the assumption that higher - potency marijuana is somehow more harmful than lower - potency pot , an old bromide dating back to former drug czar John Walters ' " it 's not your father 's marijuana . "
But marijuana users say they adjust dosages to achieve the desired effect by smoking smaller amounts of more potent varieties .
A user might smoke an entire blunt of low - potency Mexican brick weed , but only a couple of tokes of more potent pot , just as an alcohol user might chug down a 40 - ounce bottle of malt liquor , but only a few ounces of more potent distilled spirits .
Further , kush is only one of a number of different strains of high - potency marijuana now available on the market .
Many of those strains will produce potency levels of 15 % or higher , much to the pleasure of marijuana connoisseurs .
" I do n't know what 's more ridiculous about this , " said Bruce Mirken , communications director of the Marijuana Policy Project , " Kirk 's incredible scientific ignorance or the hypocrisy of a man who 's taken thousands of dollars from the alcohol and tobacco industries going after marijuana . "
By Wednesday afternoon , Kirk 's bill had yet to pick up any cosponsors .
Earlier this week , I wrote an editorial about the complainers of PlayStation Home .
In it , I mentioned that you get out of Home what you ’re willing to put into it .
In this week ’s PSLS Presents feature , we ’re going to highlight an example of this .
The Nameless Ones ( N1s ) is a group formed in late January 2009 by regular posters on the official PlayStation Home forums , many of whom were original closed beta testers , with one goal in mind : to give individuals an open forum for mature , intelligent conversation regarding ways to make PlayStation Home an all - around better place and the gaming industry as a whole .
The group boasts over 150 members , operates in both the US and the EU region , does a weekly podcast , and holds two regular meeting in Home on Thursdays and Saturdays .
Notable guests include Qore ’s Veronica Belmont , IGN PlayStation Editor Greg Miller as well as Parris and Phoenix from UncleGamer Radio .
I contacted the group for a personal introduction to you readers from a senior member , and I ’ve included it below .
“ Hey guys , my name is Mike Hartnett a .k.a. NJShadow from the Nameless Ones .
I ’ve been a part of the Nameless Ones group pretty much since the beginning and I ’ve loved every second of it .
There ’s nothing more fun than being able to come together every week to discuss what ’s going on in the industry as well as ideas and ways to make PlayStation Home better .
To me , this group is more than just some people , they ’re some of the most respectable , most innovative people I ’ve ever met and really do define the term “ selfless . ”
It really is like a release for a gamer to be able to have a platform to voice their views and opinions each week in this kind of group setting amongst fellow gamers .
If anyone would like to join in on the fun , all are welcome and we ’d absolutely love to have you ! ”
THIS is the potential that Home brings to the table .
If you actually do something with it , you can have a lot of fun and accomplish some great social interactions .
Anyone interested in checking this group out can go to their official site , check out their thread on the US PlayStation Home Forums , follow them on Twitter , or look at their Facebook page .
Leave some feedback in the comment section , and check back for next week ’s edition of PSLS Presents .
The folks at the gun-control organization The Brady Center are crowing over their victory in Texas .
All you gun-loving yahoos could n't pass a bill allowing concealed weapons on college campuses , the center all but said , and nyah - nyah - nyah - nyah .
" Common sense is alive and well in Texas , " said Paul Helmke , President of the Brady Campaign .
" State legislators in Texas agreed that places of learning do n't need armed college students , and that private property owners should set the rules on who can come onto their property packing . "
Not only did all you gun nuts lose , you lost in such a way that hurt your gun-packing cause , the center bragged in its official release on the matter .
" Students do n't want guns on campus , but the National Rifle Association tried to push it , " said John Woods , a student at the University of Texas who led student opposition to the guns on campus bill .
" In the process , the gun lobby showed its true colors and produced a new generation of activists inclined to doubt the NRA 's claims that more guns means greater safety .
The NRA could have spent its political capital pushing for improved background checks , but instead it got in a shoot - out with university communities all over Texas . "
Oh man --
Are you taking this taunting lying down , gun nuts ?
SB 1164 would have forced colleges to let students with concealed - weapons licenses to carry their guns anywhere -- into class , where they might have started firing wildly when the discussion of Darcy 's true motives in Pride & Prejudice got too heated ; in the cafeteria , where havoc might have been wrought if the Tater Tot supply was exhausted ; even in the parking lot , where at places like UH things can get tense indeed .
It was actually somewhat of a surprise for the gun-control crowd ; whether it lasts forever or not remains to be seen .
But they 're sure enjoying their moment in the Texas sun now .
Dr Adam Corner argues that geo-engineered solutions to climate change are ‘ capitalism ’s ultimate parlour trick …. an impressive leap from a desperate denial of the causes of climate change , to a triumphant denial of the consequences ’
In her book The Shock Doctrine , Naomi Klein joined the dots between the commercial manufacture of military weaponry , the marketing of anti-flu pandemic drugs and the foreign construction firms drafted in to rebuild Iraq – three happy projects bound by the shared philosophy of ‘ disaster capitalism ’ .
It may be time to add another enterprising scheme to this rather opportunistic programme of panic - driven profit making : Geo-engineering – the intentional , large - scale manipulation of the earth and its ecosystems in response to human - caused climate change .
In an impressive leap from a desperate denial of the causes of climate change , to a triumphant denial of the consequences , frontier capitalism may have stumbled across its best idea yet .
The loose band of technologies that offer the mouth - watering prospect of engineering our way out of the climate crisis are straight out of science fiction , yet are being taken seriously by scientists and investors alike .
Schemes vary from injecting the atmosphere with sulphate particles to induce cooling , to fertilising algal blooms with iron filings to cause increased CO2 sequestration , to chemically ‘ scrubbing ’ CO2 out of the air .
As the Royal Geographical Society event on geo-engineering last week link showed , many are seduced by science that dangles the carrot of a technological fix to climate change in front of their noses .
The event provided a fascinating window into the way in which geo-engineering is currently perceived by the scientific community .
Professor David Keith link… , a keen advocate ( although far from an evangeliser ) of geo-engineering called for a responsible , measured research programme into the possibilities of geo-engineering .
The problem with this proposal , however , is that even toying with the idea of geo- engineering opens a Pandora ’s Box of climatic and socio-political uncertainty .
As the Greenpeace scientist Dr Paul Johnston noted at the same event , even the most elementary research into geo-engineering will involve real - world experiments with the global commons .
Jim Thomas , campaigner with the Canadian ETC Group has observed that if control over this global commons appears even remotely feasible , international conflict will inevitably ensue link … .
Environmental scientists like David Keith are undoubtedly well - meaning in their pursuit of technological solutions to climate change , but their research does not take place in a vacuum – it is conducted in a world that is defined by a deeply unsustainable and inequitable socio-economic system .
What hope is there that geo-engineering will be benignly applied for the greater good ?
Will the consent of the developing world be sought when we conduct our climatic experiments with their natural resources ?
Will we share our new found knowledge with everyone , or only those who can afford to buy our patented designs ?
As philosophers like John Gray have repeatedly observed , an unwavering faith in human progress often amounts to little more than a secular replacement of religious fervour .
In response to accusations that that geo-engineering research would involve taking unprecedented risks with the planet ’s fragile eco-system , Professor David Keith replied “ This is n’t 1750 ” – the implication being that while pre-industrial revolution scientists did not foresee the consequences of their actions , today ’s crop of experts are too wise to act so carelessly .
But while few in the environmental science community would seek to take unquantifiable risks with the climate , there is a hardy band of disaster capitalists that would happily take the risk for them .
Worryingly , several experiments with algal blooming have been driven by commercial pressure from companies keen to sell credits into the emerging carbon - trading market .
Never mind that artificial algal blooms are yet to deliver any proven CO2 reductions – large scale geo-engineering projects could be capitalism ’s ultimate parlour trick :
The design and manufacture of machines , on which we ultimately become dependent , to neutralise the waste produced by a society of consumption - driven economic growth .
The lure of geo-engineering – colonic irrigation for the planet – is almost irresistible .
What if it worked – what if we really could scrub the skies of carbon , and without having to reduce our carbon emissions ?
Unfortunately , the question of technical proficiency is a red herring .
We know we can design technologies that can alter the climate – that ’s the problem we ’re trying to solve .
The more important issue is whether we can engineer our way out of trouble in a way that does not exacerbate existing inequalities .
Tackling climate change is perhaps the most critical test of our commitment to social justice we will ever encounter – what could be more fundamental than the intentional management and division of the earth ’s natural resources ?
But unless significant changes in how scientific knowledge is shared and distributed are achieved , geo- engineering simply cannot address climate change in an equitable way .
To believe that the unprecedented power of geo- engineering will not be wielded by the rich and the powerful at the expense of the weak and the vulnerable is more than simply wide - eyed techno - optimism :
It amounts to a comprehensive denial of political reality .
Dr Adam Corner is a Research Associate in the School of Psychology at Cardiff University .
His research focuses on the public understanding of science and the communication of climate change .
He write regularly for his blog www.100monthsandcounting.blogspot.com
So the news is out .
Let me give you my side on what happened .
Back during the primaries , I saw Bobby Jindal and thought - now that 's a charismatic and intelligent man .
I can pull off the charisma , but the intelligence thing , ah , is ah , well , it , ah , escapes me , sometimes .
Jindal is well spoken and I had to have him on my team .
So I called Axelrod and said , how about we truly do something different .
How about Jindal as a VP .
" He said no , it 's Joe 's turn . "
That did n't stop me though .
As you may know , I went on to win the General Election .
So now I work for Rahm , and not Berry .
So I tried again .
I went to Rahm and said , I want Jindal on the team .
Rahm started laughing and just walked out .
So I asked again .
He said " Look , we can't have that type of person in here . "
I was offended - it should n't matter if he was from latin America - he needs to be treated like everyone else .
I asked " Is it because he 's Catholic ? "
Rahm chuckled and said no , it 's because he is Republican . "
That I understood .
So I set out to found my own swarthy Latin politician .
That ’s when I watched " House " and saw Kal Penn .
I knew I had my man .
Kal will basically be running all our Public Laison efforts .
As you know , we do n't really do much here , besides liaison with the public .
So he 'll be busy .
Note from 3 fingered Pete .
Yes , this is true .
Kumar is going to the Whitehouse .
Greenspan and the Fed wanted to achieve a certain level of credit expansion
a monetary reform
Obama , and his sidekicks Tim Geithner and Larry Summers has now proposed certain changes in financial regulation , which includes giving the Fed more regulatory powers , raising reserve requirements for some large institutions and unspecified measures against " predatory lending " .
Perhaps not all of these measures are useless or harmful , though most probably are .
But even those that could do some good , like higher reserve requirements , are essentially red herrings with regard to the cause of this crisis and the prevention of the next .
The all - important factor here is monetary policy and its deliberate policy to achieve credit and monetary expansion .
The point is that even if some regulation would have been in place during the last decade that would have held back credit expansion assuming a interest rate policy , credit expansion might still not have been lower .
The reason for that is that ( the kind of credit expansion needed to increase inflation and growth ) .
If some regulation would have held back credit expansion , then given the Fed 's desired credit expansion they would have pursued an even more aggressive interest rate policy , cutting interest rate even faster and more than they actually did .
And if short term rates had fallen to zero then the Fed would have resorted to the kind of quantitative easing that we have seen now .
The end result would have been essentially the same kind of credit and monetary expansion that we saw , and therefore also essentially the same kind of bubble and therefore also the same kind of economic crisis .
In order to prevent all of this from happening again , we then needthat takes away or at least limits the Fed 's policy of expanding money supply .
As long as there is a central bank the will and the power to significantly expand money supply , financial regulation has little or no relevance and is therefore essentially just a red herring .
[ It 's time for another Monthly Musing -- the monthly community blog theme that provides readers with a chance to get their articles and discussions printed on the frontpage .
-- CTZ ]
Though I ’ve been playing videogames for a fairly long time , I take a bit of pride in the fact that , all things considered , I ’m not the stereotypical “ old grouch ” gaming veteran -- after all , we do n’t need any more real - life affirmations of the stereotypical overweight , middle - aged , scraggly - bearded specimen , only ever seen clad in a prized ( and much - stained ) Pac - Man shirt , who spends more time complaining about “ the junk they put out these days ” than actually , well , playing anything , old or new .
In fairness , I contribute my fair share of silly hand - wringing and breathy griping on occasion , but I am nonetheless able to declare , with utmost honesty , that despite my decided fondness for older games , nobody ’s had to forcibly drag me , kicking and screaming , into the medium ’s modern era .
To be perfectly honest , I rather like a fair amount of what I ’ve seen come about lately .
Granted , it does pain me a bit that many of my personal favorite genres are not as prolific as they once were , but at the same time I ’m pleased to note not only that they are all still out there in some capacity ( especially if one puts in a little effort to track them down ) , but that they ’re by and large newly focused , streamlined , deepened and perhaps primed for something of a comeback .
Elsewhere , while I do n’t personally game online very much , it ’s still a really neat thing for players to be able to compete and compare high scores from just about anywhere , and can only be good for the industry .
Moreover , the unceasing march of technology has heralded the realization of entirely new genres and stylings that we could n’t have imagined possible not long ago ; even relatively simple types of games have come away showcasing some nifty new bells and whistles .
And while I know that this will tick some of my fellow golden - agers off , I ’m quite glad to see some of the moldier facets of the “ classic ” mentality largely dead and buried -- for one thing , anybody who still wants it , to be blunt , can keep the “ time - honored tradition ” of passing off stiff controls and authoritarian , time - wasting memorization as the primary aspects of a game ’s “ challenge . ”
In a nutshell , despite a significant number of more disappointing developments , I do honestly find a lot to like about modern gaming .
Unfortunately , this state of simple , easy - going contentment was not to last - as soon as I saw this month ’s Musing topic all bets were instantly off , and moreover all you young hooligans had better stay the heck out of my way .
As of right now , it ’s out with shiny discs ; in with dusty cartridges .
Out with basic personal hygiene practices ; in with the cheese puffs .
Out with openly and readily acknowledging the good along with the bad within the medium ’s evolution ; in with longwinded , self - important ramblings about The Good Old Days .
Exit the sensible .
Enter the Curmudgeon .
From whence does this wrinkly , crotchety horror come forth ?
Well , despite my best efforts to keep both feet on the ground when it comes to expressing my opinions on gaming , I ’ve always had , and always will have , a glaring weakness when it comes to 2D games , in comparison to 3D ones .
Before going any further , let me be very clear -- this is not to say that I deplore 3D gaming in all its forms .
Truth be told , I ’m as big a fan of Zelda : Ocarina of Time and Ratchet and Clank , among many others like them , as you ’re apt to encounter .
Be that as it may , though , I ’ve been grumpily nursing a very sore , sensitive spot for years when it comes to the second dimension in gaming , and how it ’s gone all but untouched , shamefully underutilized and sinfully untapped , for over a decade , condemned to cower in the shadows of its polygonal cousin .
Off the cuff , of course , one might propose the notion that 2 - D gaming has already had its heyday , and fully deserves its current spot on the back burner .
After all , for the first 15 or 20 years of videogaming ’s history ( or more , if you care to define a different “ official ” starting point ) the second dimension was , well , all there was .
Such a timeline is accurate , of course , and moreover it ’s not like 2D games have completely disappeared .
Heck , you might say that if anything there ’s been something of a resurgence on that front lately , thanks in large part to the increasing presence of downloadable and independently - developed games by smaller studios , many of whom choose to stick to the old reliable flat plane for their projects .
I do n’t deny any of this -- heck , to a point I ’m as happy to see things going the way they are as a more reasonable person would be .
In spite of it all , though , dagnabbit , I ’m still cranky , and moreover I ’ve got enough menacing grimaces for every last one of you .
Why ?
Well , let me put it to you this way -- if you do n’t mind reminiscing along with me for a bit , please take yourself back , for starters , to the early days of 3D games , and remember what was on the shelves at the time , and what was considered , in all aspects from graphics to mechanics , “ cutting edge ” as well as “ standard - issue . ”
Let it soak in for a minute .
Got a clear picture ?
Good -- return to the present , and this time call to mind what ’s available to us right now , in terms of the third dimension in gaming -- further , tally up and mull over as best you can the advancements made , the fundamental changes implemented , the once - common problems on any and all fronts , from the superficial to the vitally central , that have been all but completely banished to the developmental abyss .
Look , think , and feel how much effort has been expended within the industry , from the very start to the here and now , to advance , to perfect , to evolve 3D videogaming .
Okay then .
Next , with that overall impression now floating around someplace in your midst , close your eyes and take another trip , even farther back , to the beginnings of 2D gaming , and by extension gaming itself .
In the same manner as before , take a minute to remember all that once was … and then , once more , fast - forward yourself back to modern times , and bring into focus what ’s in front of you as we speak .
Again , do your best to get an overall sense of the advancements and various leaps forward that have been made in 2D gaming , over an even longer period of time than we previously considered .
Now , compare this new impression to the general sensation you got when you took stock of the comparative history of 3 - D gaming .
Take your time .
Ponder deeply .
Drink in and savor everything that you can call to mind when it comes to your knowledge of and experiences in videogaming of all sorts .
Place the one evolutionary path on one side , and the other adjacent to it .
Gaze at them both , clearly and honestly .
Now , tell me what you see .
If you see what I see , then you ’re probably getting a little bit ornery yourself .
All right , to get this caveat quickly out of the way , yes , matters like these are always going to be “ eye of the beholder ” situations to some extent , and I wo n’t argue at length with anyone who does n’t innately detect as wide a gulf between the creative energy generally expended upon the advancement of 2D versus 3D gaming as I do .
That said , if you ’d prefer a different perspective , consider this separate bit of context .
If you ’d be so kind , take another imaginary look around , this time solely at the ranks of contemporary game releases , 2D and 3D alike .
Okay then , off the top of your head , how many recent ( I ’ll leave it to you to determine exactly what time frame falls into that category , it ’s not likely to matter much in the end ) 2D releases can you list that are constructed ( if not directly billed ) as “ back to basics ” or “ retro ” titles , a “ memento ” or “ tribute ” to “ gaming ’s early days ? ”
How many 2D games have you played , seen , or heard about lately that are meant to appeal almost purely to nostalgia , to a roughly - defined “ style ” of gaming that ’s been largely relegated to long - abandoned Internet shrines and musings like this one for years on end ?
Got an overall idea ?
Now , then , keeping that in the back of your mind , tell me how many recent 3D releases you can think of that are looking to resurrect genre standards circa Super Mario 64 or Crash Bandicoot , or even further back than that .
How many developers ( and , by extension , gamers ) are craving another taste of this bygone era , one a good deal less distant and more directly linked to modern gaming than the other at that ?
How many within the gaming community are chomping at the bit when it comes to all but completely disregarding the advancements made in 3D gaming since its inception ?
How massive are the crowds demanding a return to the standards and stylings of “ old - school ” 3D games ?
How much screaming nostalgia is out there when it comes to their dusty , bygone days ?
If you do n’t see a disconnect here , and more to the point one which calls into question just how much “ advancement ” has been made in one type of game over the other , I ’m not quite sure what to tell you .
Of course , I already hear a handful of you out there , grinning broadly and shaking your heads in a bemused , pitying manner .
“ Oh , calm down BulletMagnet , ” you gently coo in my direction .
“ You ’re forgetting one very important thing .
Fact of the matter is , there ’s just not as much advancement to make when it comes to 2D games as opposed to 3D ones .
Once you add that extra axis in there , it ’s a whole new ballgame .
You just ca n’t do as much with a flat plane as you can with a three - dimensional one .
2D gaming ’s already advanced about as far as it ever will -- that ’s just the nature of these things .
So do n’t blow a blood vessel on us , okay ?
Here , I ’ll turn on Nick at Nite for you . ”
To this I have but one thing to say -- Balderdash .
On the surface , there may appear to be some merit to the previous claim .
It is quite true that there are more than a few things , both aesthetically and from a “ practical ” standpoint , that can be implemented within a three - dimensional environment which are quite simply impossible in a two - dimensional one .
No reasonable observer would ever dispute that much .
My question to you , however , is why the debate ( if it could even truly be called that ) so often stops there ( warning : some art geekery ahead ) .
Slightly before my time , Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo are said to have argued at length as to whether painting or sculpture could truly eclipse the other as the superior art form .
Michelangelo ( the sculptor , and younger of the two ) would insist that the additional depth , in purely physical terms a well as the specific technique required , granted via rendering a subject in three dimensions was by itself enough to make it his preference ( “ Good painting , ” he is quoted as saying , “ is the kind that looks like sculpture ” ) .
Leonardo , however , would counter by pointing out that the painter , limited by the lesser dimensionality of his work , must endeavor to create the illusion of space -- to , as it were , force all of a grand landscape or detailed portrait into a mere rectangle of canvas .
As such , a painting , to Leonardo , was more about creation , in its purest form , than sculpture , which struck him as more focused on simply copying existing forms directly .
A painting or drawing ’s innate simplicity , which the artist must struggle to overcome , and whose efforts to that end would in the end be as much a part of the finished piece as the subject itself , was to Leonardo “ the ultimate sophistication . ”
Okay , pop quiz for all of you .
Who was right ?
Which of the two artists has been judged by history as an abject failure due to his utterly misguided convictions ?
Of course , this analogy is far from perfect .
For one thing , in those days , art was all but completely about realizing a single goal , namely realism , while today even the likes of videogames and cartoons continue to reach out towards ever more abstract means of representation and expression .
Not to mention , of course , that comparing a painting to a sculpture is far from the same thing as putting a 2D game next to a 3D one , in more ways than I ’d have room to list here .
Regardless , hopefully my larger point is clear , both of the aforementioned artists had their specialties and preferences , both could ably explain and justify their positions without completely discounting the value of the other , and both produced , by most anyone ’s standard , truly exceptional work , and are still celebrated as standard - setters and masters of their craft centuries later .
Nowadays , however , I ca n’t help but imagine that sometime back in the 90’s a bunch of game industry bigwigs got a look at a polygonal David ( if you can bring yourself to compare those rigid , jagged models to such a timeless piece , that is ) , and were , like most of us back then , impressed .
Unfortunately , their awe too quickly grew and festered into an all - consuming obsession ( after all , 3D is the future ! ) , to the point where , when they happened to accidentally glance back at a lovingly - pixelled Mona Lisa , they turned up their noses and deposited her roughly into a closet , all but forgotten .
… er , yeah , this is getting more than a bit pretentious , is n’t it ?
Sorry .
Anyway , the fact of the matter is that such a hard - nosed , unreasonably exclusive stance , towards fine art or anything else , is laughable on its face , and only comes across as even more ludicrous the longer one dwells upon it .
Be that as it may , the videogame industry has done largely just that when it comes to two - dimensional gaming , and many of their consumers have eagerly followed suit .
Show any 2D game , regardless of quality , significance , or anything else , to a relatively young or new player , and you ’ll likely be met with unabashed , knee - jerk incredulity .
“ Seriously ?
Where ’d you dig THAT relic up ?
It ca n’t actually be fun to play , can it ? ”
Few things make my inner geezer ’s blood boil with greater fury , yet I ca n’t help but acknowledge that such ignorance of , and lack of appreciation for , the unique caliber of craftsmanship required to construct a standout 2D game is not entirely the youngster ’s fault .
After all , imagine a world where , as soon as someone discovered how to sculpt a form , suddenly almost nobody drew or painted anything anymore .
Would aught other than near - complete disinterest in the latter media be expected before long ?
Or , as perhaps an even more relevant parallel , imagine that , after the camera was invented , “ traditional ” artists simply vanished altogether , as they were unable to match the exact realism of this new device .
Why even try to compete , after all ?
Of course , as history shows , this is not what happened .
Artists of the day -- a few at first , more joining them later on -- simply put their brushes and chisels aside for a minute , sat back , ventured outside the de facto social and artistic confines of the previous centuries , and thought .
Thought , and talked amongst themselves , about exactly what their art could do that a photograph could n’t , even if such things had never been attempted before .
" So we ca n’t make exact realism our sole goal anymore , " they reasoned -- " all right , so what should our new endgame be ? "
And indeed , shortly thereafter , from these meager musings sprung unprecedented movements , intent on capturing fleeting moments inexactly , as human eyes , not camera lenses , most often experience them ( Impressionism ) , depicting impossible scenes that could not exist outside the human imagination and subconscious , and thus could never be captured on film ( Surrealism ) , channeling raw , unfiltered emotion , as opposed to physical beings , objects and scenery ( Expressionism ) , and a host of others , which did not simply stick to past definitions of “ art ” and continue to be ever more limited by ever more insurmountable competition , but instead looked for new and different ways to apply their craft , and in the process change the very definition of what art could be .
Now , I very quickly want to make it known that 1 ) I ’m NOT looking to once again resurrect the tired “ are games art ? ” debate , and 2 ) I ’m beyond well aware that expanding the “ traditional ” boundaries of any medium or art form is not without its far - reaching consequences ( for one thing , do n’t get me started on Dada , its probable inevitability notwithstanding ) and should not be taken lightly , but I DO firmly believe that the few videogame developers who still work within two dimensions have by and large spent far too much time huddled within the confining walls at the opposite end of the progressive spectrum , chained down by design standards that have been rusting and calcifying for decades .
Granted , I give ample credit by default to anyone who ’s willing to do 2D at all in today ’s market , considering the numerous financial and reputational risks involved , but to be perfectly honest , by now I ’m a little bit tired of asking myself anew when the industry at large will finally grow a pair and take the next step .
At this point even some “ mainstream ” gaming authorities are beginning to wonder themselves what the holdup is when it comes to The Next Big Thing in two - dimensional game design .
After so much has been done in a comparatively short time to bring 3D games to “ the next level ” again and again , it ’s high time that someone out there took up the mantle for gaming ’s forefathers .
No , I would n’t presume to predict exactly who might best be in such a position to do it , nor how precisely such a mission might eventually be translated into a workable product , but I do declare that there are a handful of simple yet unquestionably parasitic bits of “ conventional wisdom ” that must be dispelled before any such venture could go forward .
Budding developers would do well to keep the following in mind .
Starting at the surface -- believe it or not , no , we have n’t reached the pinnacle of what can be done with 2D from a purely graphical or aesthetic standpoint .
Yes , we ’ve been making sprites longer than we ’ve been rendering polygon models , but seriously , who decided to just stop somewhere along the line ?
There were immediately - noticeable advancements from the 8 - bit generation to the 16 - bit one , for instance , and again when the 32 - bit systems rolled around … but can it really be said that we ’ve come very far , artistically speaking , since back then ?
How many times do you hear modern sprite - based games ridiculed as “ looking like something from the PS1 or SNES days , ” but accepted as “ what to expect if you ’re not dealing with polygons , ” while corresponding 3D titles are dismissed as unacceptably ugly for merely looking like something from one or two years ago ?
I like old - school spritework as much as anyone , and would agree in a heartbeat that the 2D visuals of yore have aged far more gracefully than their 3D counterparts , but sorry - the bar desperately needs to be raised .
A “ retro-styled ” release deliberately tailored to look out of date is fine once in awhile , but when that ’s all but the only style you see in contemporary releases , one ca n’t help but feel compelled to gripe a bit ( or , in my case , a whole lot ) .
A handful of companies have been making unfortunately - infrequent attempts to bring things up to speed on a purely technical level ( Arc System ’s Guilty Gear and BlazBlue , along with Vanillaware ’s Odin Sphere and Muramasa , come most immediately to mind ) , but A ) For starters , much more of this sort of thing needs to be done , across the board , and B ) That said , simply bumping up pixel resolution counts and available color palettes is n’t enough .
Numerous graphical “ revamps ” of older titles have come to pass , and they ’re fine for what they are , but are they truly advancements for 2D artistry as a whole ?
In the interest of comparison , it ’s worth recalling that the 3D set has in recent years seen , to name but a few , Okami , Shadow of the Colossus , MadWorld , Psychonauts , Rez , Killer 7 , and a host of other visually - arresting games whose unique art styles , even if they ’re attached to less - than - revolutionary game mechanics , are effective and evocative enough to make that point all but irrelevant to anyone playing them -- on the other side , for our part , we 2 - D gamers have received , well , other than Braid , um … well , they re-released Yoshi ’s Island ?
Maybe a handful of other portable titles , if you ’re feeling generous ?
Obviously I ’m leaving a lot of stuff out here , but my overall conviction stands – developers , I know that producing aesthetically - worthwhile 2D visuals these days tends to be far more time - consuming and expensive than a 3D showcase of roughly - equivalent caliber , but honestly , the technical shortcomings , while important , are n’t what ’s been most sorely lacking in 2D visuals for so long .
It ’s a bit hard to put into words , but it just feels , to me , as if many of you are so nervous about getting a sprite - based game or the like out there to begin with that the “ core ” of the work tangibly feels tailored to ensure at least a bit of profit , and everything else is built around that single element .
Even if the presentation and everything else is solid , it too frequently just does n’t come across as a truly cohesive whole , as the Games of Old did .
Again , a large part of this is simply the reality of your line of work in this day and age , but please , do your very best to minimize the negative effects of the status quo , because it DOES register at our end .
The prettiest character sprites and most exquisitely - painted backgrounds in the world lose a lot of their luster if they ’re recycled or reused too often , and moreover the most expertly - set mood pieces and details are all but completely worthless if the visuals as a whole are just there to look pretty , and do nothing to complement or enhance the actual goings - on within the game .
THIS is what game design is truly about , from a purely aesthetic standpoint -- you ’ve done it before , and I know you ’ve still got it in you , especially considering the new and largely untapped technology you now have to work with .
It ’s a hard sell to the suits , I ’m sure , but there are a growing number of customers out here who have been waiting an increasingly long time for one ( preferably more , if you can manage it ) of you to let us know that you ’re still listening , still experimenting , still willing to go the extra mile – to revisit our old pal Leonardo for a second , he infamously experimented with the ingredient makeup of the paints he used for The Last Supper , among other pieces , and the results were frequently less than ideal .
In so many words , however , do n’t be afraid .
It ’s still a great painting , and he ’s still revered as a genius .
We gamers might not be able to elevate your work and your names to immortality , but we can and will respond to earnest efforts to use the second dimension to its fullest artistic extent , to exploit its innate freedoms and limitations , as da Vinci did , to do and express things with it that you ca n’t in 3D .
Give us something to respond to .
Digging a little deeper now , to pointer number two , no , we have not seen everything that can be done in terms of gameplay on a 2D plane .
Putting purely visual elements aside , again , why is it apparently assumed that the only way to make a two - dimensional game “ different ” or “ more interesting ” , outside of the visuals , is to do the exact same things as have been done since the NES days , just make them “ bigger ” ( “ this one ’ll take ‘em at least 500 hours to finish !
Ooh , and we ’ll add MORE parallax layers to put the floating bricks on ! ” ) ?
News flash - just because it ’s a 2D platformer does n’t mean it has to be structured strictly after Mario and company .
Just because it ’s a puzzle game does n’t mean that you must create another Tetris or Puyo Puyo knockoff .
Imitating and slightly tweaking the classics has given us some good games over the years , yes , but if you ask me the well ’s long run dry – even if you choose to stick with the tried and true , why have n’t there been more efforts , even relatively simple ones like Henry Hatsworth , to do something different with the time - tested elements we ’ve got ?
That said , genre cross-pollination is far from your only option – if you ’ll pardon one final bit of art snobbery on my part , M.C. Escher ( if you do n’t know his work , by all means look up some of it , even if this article ’s subject matter does n’t interest you at all ) was playing around with the unique spatial and mathematical possibilities of two - dimensional design , with much success , decades ago – why have n’t more contemporary developers done the same , outside of Echochrome ( technically a 3D game ) and a handful of other noteworthy examples ?
And heck , although we ’ve mainly been keeping our focus on flat planes alone here , there ’s no reason to see 3D as some sort of “ enemy ” – why not combine both sets of dimensions creatively , as Crush and Super Paper Mario have done ?
And those are just the examples that a plain , unremarkable Joe Schmo gamer like myself can come up with off the top of his head – this being what it is , there ’s no way you ’re going to convince me that the industry insiders who are trained and hired specifically to get consumers ’ attentions and woo the critics in the name of the next mega - hit ca n’t or wo n’t do better than that .
To summarize :
The second dimension has NOT been fully tapped .
Stop acting as if it has .
All right , I ’ve rambled on more than long enough .
Hopefully , though , this article gives you a sense of just how strongly I feel about this particular forgotten corner of gaming , shamefully all but abandoned , long before its time .
The irrepressible , intolerable grump within me is slowly retreating to his rocking chair of resentment , for the time being – as his cavalcade of grumbling fades into the distance , once more I can take a deep breath and be grateful for what HAS been done right , in all types of gaming , that I ’ve been able to enjoy over the years , and fantasize about what good things might still be to come .
I do n’t think I need to tell you , however , that if things continue as they are , before too long Old Man ‘ Magnet will re-emerge , even angrier than before , and you can forget about EVER getting your fancy - schmancy three - dimensional baseball back if it falls into my yard .
A new analysis of survey data finds women pray more often then men , are more likely to believe in God , and are more religious than men in a variety of other ways .
The reasons , analysts say , could range from traditional mothering duties to the tendency of men to take risks — in this case the chance they might not go to heaven .
The latest findings , released Friday , are no surprise , only confirming what other studies have found for decades .
Still , the new numbers illustrate interesting and stark differences .
They come from a fresh review of data that was collected in a 2007 survey and initially released last year by the Pew Research Center .
The percent of women ( and then men ) who :
Are affiliated with a religion : 86 ( 79 ) .
Have absolutely certain belief in a God or universal spirit : 77 ( 65 ) .
Pray at least daily : 66 ( 49 ) .
Have absolutely certain belief in a personal God : 58 ( 45 ) .
The survey involved interviews with more than 35,000 U.S. adults by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life .
George H. Gallup , Jr. , in an analysis for the Gallup polling organization back in 2002 , wrote that the differences in religiosity between men and women have been shown consistently across the previous seven decades of polls .
" A mountain of Gallup survey data attests to the idea that women are more religious than men , hold their beliefs more firmly , practice their faith more consistently , and work more vigorously for the congregation , " Gallup wrote .
Among the reasons women tend to be more religious , he says :
Mothers have tended to spend more time raising children , which often means overseeing their involvement in church activities .
Though two - income households are more common today , in the past women often had more flexible daily schedules , permitting more church involvement during the week .
Women tend to be more open about sharing personal problems and are more relational than men .
Other Gallup research shows a higher proportion of women than men say they have a " best friend " in their congregation , he wrote .
Lastly , Gallup argued , " More so than men , women lean toward an empirical [ depending on experience or observation ] rather than a rational basis for faith . "
There may be another reason .
Rodney Stark , a professor of sociology and comparative religion at the University of Washington , flips the question around :
Why are men less religious ?
" Studies of biochemistry imply that both male irreligiousness and male lawlessness are rooted in the fact that far more males than females have an underdeveloped ability to inhibit their impulses , especially those involving immediate gratification and thrills , " Stark argued in a 2002 paper in the Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion .
The upshot is that some men are shortsighted and do n't think ahead , Stark said , and so " going to prison or going to hell just does n't matter to these men . "
Stark may have purposely overstated the case , but you get the point .
My wife suggested another reason : Life is simply harder for women .
While I can't argue with that , I also can't find any research connecting that to prayer or church attendance .
{{ video = " LS_080715_condemn_god " title= " Does Science Condemn God ? " caption = " This audio presentation presents several views . "
}}
Skip to comments .
Inconvenient truths : Holocaust Museum shooter ( a LIBERAL ) hated Fox News , Murdoch
Michelle Malkin ^ | June 11 , 2009 | Michelle Malkin
Posted on by IrishMike
I noted yesterday and this morning that Holocaust Museum nutball was an equal - opportunity hater .
He railed against Fox News and Rupert Murdoch .
And now this :.............
FBI agents visited the offices of the conservative Weekly Standard magazine yesterday after a shooting at the Holocaust Memorial Museum and told employees theyd found the magazines address
A senior Standard staffer confirmed the visit but declined to discuss it in detail .
An FBI spokeswoman , Katherine Schweit , also declined to comment on the investigation .
Two other sources said two FBI agents arrived shortly after 5:00 p.m. Thursday at the 17th Street offices of the magazine .
They told staffers that they had found the address of the magazine on a piece of paper associated with the shooter , James von Brunn , and asked whether the Standard had received any threats .
The magazine is about a mile north of the Holocaust Museum , and theres no other indication that von Brunn had targeted it .
Von Brunns published rants included attacks on neocons ,  and the Standard has been at the heart of the neoconservative movement .
The suggestion that the Standard may have been a target complicates any view of the racist shooter in contemporary left - right terms .
No , theyll just ignore whatever doesnt fit The Narrative .
Keep screaming RIGHT WING ! RIGHT WING ! and dont let reality intrude .
A glimmer of back - handed conscience from liberal writer Jason Zengerle ..
The murder of Stephen Tyrone Johns by James Von Brunn was a political act .
That said , I think its premature to start making political arguments about the shooting a mere two hours after it occursespecially if the arguments are being directed at people who didnt have anything to do with the shooting .
Im as sick of Michelle Bachman and Sean Hannity and Michelle Malkin as anyone , but , frankly , I have a hard time seeing how their ( stupid and misguided and unfair ) criticisms of the DHS report led or even contributed to Johnss shooting I mean , a white supremacist nutjob walks into the Holocaust Museum , guns down a security guard , and peoples immediate response is to think about what some idiot said on a mindless Fox News show two months ago ?!
I just thought a little more time should have passed before something this terrible got turned into yet another , frivolous cable debate segment .
TOPICS :
Front Page News
Government
News / Current Events
Politics / Elections
US : District of Columbia
US : Maryland
KEYWORDS :
111th
agenda
bho44
democrats
elections
foxnews
israel
liberal
liberals
malkin
obama
shooters
socialism
talkradio
vonbrunn
Bring it on lurkers and Moonbats ...........
James Von BRUNN .
LIBERAL assassin , SOCIALIST , COMMUNIST , MOONBAT al Qaeda supporter born in Amarica , American hater .
To : IrishMike
This guy and the mayhem he caused is going to sink like a stone in the MSM , ‘ cause it does n’t advance the agenda .
To : IrishMike
But they are STILL calling him a “ right wing extremist ” .
To : Steely Tom
B Hussein Obama or J Von Brunn ?
by 4 posted onby IrishMike ( Liberalism is a psychological disorder and a dangerous mental illness . )
To : IrishMike
Sounds like he could have been buddies with Ward Churchill , Bill Ayers , Jeremiah Wright , and Cindy Sheehan
To : IrishMike
The old bastard probably drove all the way to DC with his left turn signal on .
by 6 posted onby cripplecreek ( The poor bastards have us surrounded . )
To : IrishMike
Well , this is the last we have heard of this guy in the MSM .
On to gun control .
To : IrishMike
“ Why White Supremacists Support Barack Obama ” Esquire Magazine June 13 , 2008 “ Why White Supremacists Support Barack Obama ” http://www.esquire.com/the-side/feature/racists-support-obama-061308
by 8 posted onby tophat9000 ( We are " O " so f---ed )
To : BunnySlippers
the left ignores the fact that Nazis are and were left wing not right wing too
by 9 posted onby manc ( Marriage is between a man and a woman no sick queer sham --- end racism end affirmative action )
To : IrishMike
good one , good one , so is that wacko CNN non-journalist Sanchez and his other lib wacko liar counterparts going to man up and apologize for their false accusations ? of course not .
reminds me of Sharpton vilifying the Duke lacrosee players , and not apologizing when they were found innocent .
typical Lib hypocrisy .
To : IrishMike
I thought I read on Fox that what ticked this guy off is that somebody cut off his social security benefits .
Now who did that ?
To : AdmSmith ; Berosus ; bigheadfred ; Convert from ECUSA ; dervish ; Ernest_at_the_Beach ; Fred Nerks ; ...
more .
Weekly Standard ( Conservative Magazine ) may have been shooter ( Von Brunn ) target
Politico
Posted on 06/11/2009 10:45:16 AM
PDT by mnehring
http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/news/2269701/posts
Holocaust shooting signals race turmoil , some say
Townhall / AP | June 11 , 2009 | Jesse Washington , Debroah Hastings & Eileen Sullivan
Posted on 06/11/2009 5:31:44 PM
PDT by 2ndDivisionVet
http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/news/2270024/posts
by 12 posted onby SunkenCiv ( https://secure.freerepublic.com/donate/__Since
Jan 3 , 2004 __Profile updated Monday , January 12 , 2009 )
To : BunnySlippers
But they are STILL calling him a right wing extremist .
______________________________________________
Well of course ‘ they ’ are .
It ’s called being illiterate and gullible .
by 13 posted onby RushIsMyTeddyBear ( Obama .
Clear and Pres__ent Danger . )
To : IrishMike
Took the left all of 20 minutes to accuse the shooter of being a white male supremacist conservative .
The left never identified the background of the Ar shooter .
And that ’s “ fairness ” :)
by 14 posted onby Tzimisce ( Socialism is the worst kind of Pollution . )
To : All
by 15 posted onby icwhatudo ( For every clinic bombed or burned , 17 to 18 churches are burned down .
MSM ? MSM ? )
To : IrishMike
When I heard James Von BRUNN was a WW2 vet , I figured he would be a registered Dem .
The FDR generation was one of the most Dem favored generation since the millenium generation ( 1982 to 2000 ) .
To : manc
Absolutely true .
the left ignores the fact that Nazis are and were left wing not right wing too
To : beagleone
I 've always equated right wing with religiosity or at least acceptance of religiosity and nationalism .
The NAZIS were n't a religious organization but were certainly nationalists in the extreme .
They were also rabid socialists .
They were a right / left wing hybrid in my view , but more left than right .
I think that Jonah Godberg 's view of the political spectrum as a circle is closer to being correct .
If either the right or left goes too far in their respective directions , fascism and totalitarianism is the result .
Of course we probably have n't seen a dominant form of right wing fascism since Mussolini in the West .
It appears that right - wing fascism is much more rare than left - wing fascism .
by 18 posted onby The Thinker ( America does n't have a president .
It has a usurper . )
To : The Thinker
a dominant form of right wing fascism since Mussolini Mussolini was left wing .
Fascism is left wing .
The only difference between Communism and Fascism is that Communists seek to own the means of production .
Fascists seek to control the means of production .
They are BOTH left wing , big - government , statist totalitarian ideologies .
Sincerely hope this was helpful .
To : agere_contra
if we look at the political spectrum as being : anarchy ( no government personal freedom ) being the left as any society can go , placing that at the left for a liberal as can be government ... and at the far right totalitarianism where the government owns everything including the people ... then i would have to say , both political parties are far too close to totalitarianism than i would want .
teeman
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
The Poll Tax was first brought into Britain in the 14th Century by the child King Richard II .
It was raised three times , in 1377 , 1379 and 1381 .
It was slightly different in each year it was raised .
In 1381 it was levied across the population on an equal basis .
Every person in England aged 15 or over had to pay one shilling .
This was seen as extraordinarily inequitable by the peasants in particular .
If you were well off , a shilling was nothing .
However if you were poor a shilling was extremely difficult to pay .
There had been resentment among peasants for some time about how the country was ruled .
The Black Death which killed between a third and a half of the population between 1349 and 1351 had led to a growing demand for labour .
The government tried to control this by passing the Statute of Labourers Act 1351 which meant that it was very difficult to change employer , and wages were held at old levels .
The setting of the tax in 1381 at 3 groats ( a groat was 4 pence , therefore the tax was 12 pence or a shilling ) caused all the built - in frustrations to well up in one go .
The revolt was led by John Bull , Wat Tyler and Jack Straw , three famous names in England even today .
For example , you will find a Wat Tyler Road in Blackheath and a Jack Straw pub in Hampstead .
A common cry of the peasants ’ revolt , first introduced by the priest John Bull , was :
When Adam delved and Eve span who was then the gentleman ?
The revolt was eventually put down , but only after significant damage and death .
John of Gaunt , who was the Regent for the child King , had his London palace , the Savoy , burnt down .
A number of other buildings in London were burnt , the Tower of London was successfully stormed , and the Lord Chancellor who was also the Archbishop of Canterbury , and the Lord Treasurer were both executed by the mob .
Margaret Thatcher failed to learn from the example of the 14th Century , and tried to introduce the Poll Tax in the late 1980s .
This led to the Poll Tax Riots in 1990 , and was a major in factor in Thatcher ’s downfall later in the same year .
Peter the Great had a similar go at a Poll Tax , instead he called it a Soul Tax .
This was in 1718 , and if you did n’t believe that you had a soul because you were an atheist , you did n’t have to pay it .
Instead you had to pay religious dissenter tax which amounted to exactly the same sum .
A Strange , and Possibly Terrible , Case Against Health - Care Reform
It 's a bit hard to know where to start with the Wall Street Journal 's long argument against health care reform .
Our health care system , they argue , is worth the money we pay for it .
It is a dazzling achievement , ensuring not only longer lives , but better lives .
The problem with the Obama administration 's health care plans ?
They want to extend those benefits to those who can't currently afford them .
Reform would be perfectly acceptable if it was " merely trying to defossilize Medicare and save the federal fisc , " says the Journal .
The problem comes elsewhere :
The attempt to " pass the largest entitlement expansion since 1965 . "
This , the Journal argues , will prove unaffordable .
It will make our health care system too expensive .
This country -- the richest on earth -- cannot foot the bill for universal health care .
But that , of course , is untrue .
Even a high cost estimate -- $ 120 billion in 2010 , say -- is not that large in the scheme of the federal treasury .
It 's not much larger , for instance , than the outlays directed towards the Iraq War , which the Journal enthusiastically supported .
It 's certainly nothing that can't be raised with the imposition of some new taxes , as the seventh graph on this page neatly shows .
Rather , the Journal is arguing that we should not spend that money on universal health care .
It is an audacious argument .
Elsewhere in the editorial , the Journal commends a study by David Cutler and Mark McClellan that found the benefits of lower infant mortality and advances in the treatment of heart attacks " have been sufficiently great that they alone are about equal to the entire cost increase for medical care over time . "
The study itself can be found here .
Here 's a part that the Journal does not quote : " Only one truly new therapy — angioplasty with stent — was developed in this time period , " write Cutler and McClellan in their section on heart attacks .
" Rather , technological change is predominantly the extension of existing technologies to more patients . "
In other words , the great gifts of our health system -- the very benefits upon which the Journal bases its claims -- come primarily from the extension of health services to more Americans .
It comes , in other words , from the very part of health reform that the Journal opposes .
I can imagine an argument against health - care reform that runs something like this :
Our health care - system is inefficient and ineffective .
Funneling money into the coffers of hospitals will not sufficiently improve the health of the nation .
Those dollars should go toward early childhood education or subsidies for fruits and vegetables , or , if you 're a simple utilitarian , treatments for third - world malaria .
What is unimaginable to me is an argument that goes like this :
Our health - care system is worth the expense .
It makes the lives of those it touches better and longer .
The price per person is worth it .
But we should nevertheless refuse to pay it for the poor or the sick .
It is like an early car enthusiast 's case against the Model T .
Yet that is exactly what the Journal has argued .
Their fear , it seems , is that the expense of health care will foretell the nationalization of health care .
" Almost all care will be rationed by politics , " they warn .
But what does that even mean ?
That society will decide the amount of money it wants to spend on health care and then choose how best to allocate those resources ?
And it 's not even as if the Journal 's editorial board is against deciding what is , and is not , worth taxpayer dollars in theory .
They would simply prefer that such decisions were left to them .
( Photo credit : AP Photo / Emilio Morenatti )
The two biggest names are Newt Gingrich and Sarah Palin , one of whom has too many ideas while the other has no ideas whatsoever .
But they are bound by the fact that neither one of them is actually ever going to be nominated for president even if we have another Ice Age and the only Americans left alive are them , Dennis Kucinich and that woman who was Miss California until Donald Trump fired her .
Gingrich ’s romantic history makes Senator Ensign look like a monk .
( Last time around , we were so hoping that he and Rudy Giuliani would survive till the end of the primaries so we could say the three major Republican contenders had had a total of eight wives . )
And he ’s basically spent the last decade as a talking head .
When it comes to career preparation for a presidential race , the worst two options are mayor of New York City and Fox News guest commentator .
The Palin family , meanwhile , seems less likely to replace the Obamas in the White House than to replace the Gosselins on “ Jon & Kate Plus Eight . ”
( Have we mentioned that Sarah ’s new grandson is naked in GQ this month ? )
Recently , during a dust - up with David Letterman , Palin once again violated the cardinal rule for famous parents who want to shield their children from the media , which is , of course , do n’t talk about your children to the media .
She is perhaps the only celebrity in America who does not understand that if a late show host makes a tasteless joke about your daughter , the worst possible response is to complain loudly until it ’s certain the entire universe knows your child was insulted , all the while making the joke sound even more offensive than it was .
It might also have helped if your husband had refrained from volunteering your 18 - year - old daughter , the mother of the GQ baby , to be the anti-teen - pregnancy ambassador for a clothing manufacturer .
[ Updated : .
The time for this has passed ; if you want to do something , install a Tor Bridge . ]
A lot of people have asked me about Opera Unite , because of my frequent hectoring about the importance of protecting and running services on the edge of the Network .
In brief : how can I not love its manifesto :
Our computers are only dumb terminals connected to other computers ( meaning servers ) owned by other people — such as large corporations — who we depend upon to host our words , thoughts , and images .
We depend on them to do it well and with our best interests at heart .
We place our trust in these third parties , and we hope for the best , but as long as our own computers are not first class citizens on the Web , we are merely tenants , and hosting companies are the landlords of the Internet .
I do worry , though , about launching an experiment like this without a complete and compelling demonstration of its potential , though .
The demo services that Opera offers are great , but they really are just demonstrations .
It ’s generating a lot of excitement and “ wuh ? ” in equal measure on the discussions I ’ve seen , which is something I recognise from my attempts to proselytize the edge to those already excited by the cloud .
It occurred to me ( encouraged by Stef ) that a great and timely Opera Unite application , just for the next few days , would be a web proxy for Iranians .
Run it on your Opera service , post your machine ’s Unite URL onto twitter with a tag #spartacus , and Iran would be drowning in potential proxies to use .
Instead of a real http proxy ( like Psiphon ) , the best implementation would simply let you append a URL to your Unite URL and get a website back , like “ http://foo.bar.operaunite.com/www.cnn.com/”.
That would get rid of handing over your cookies to an unknown third - party ; it ’d probably also discourage people using the service for private communications ( no https , in Unite — it ’d be great if Opera fixed that ! ) .
Maybe I ’d also stick in a geoip check to make sure the incoming requests are coming from a known Iranian IP block , just so users could feel worthy that they ’re just catering to Iranians ( you could pull them out of this free geolocation database ) .
That way we would n’t be creating a permanent global clunky , insecure proxy network — or at least not until Iran recovers and starts its own phishing services .
I know I ’m not a good enough JS programmer to pull this off , but the Unite JavaScript API certainly appears to permit cross - domain XMLHttp calls , and you can catch generic HTTP requests using opera.io.webserver.addEventListener(‘_request’, somehandler , false ) ; , so it is theoretically possible ( and here I hand wave to the implementation Gods ) .
A better solution , I know , is to get copies of Tor to those in Iran .
But I think that much of what we ’re seeing right now is less about perfect solutions , and more about loud , temporary solutions that might help , will do minimal harm , and as a side - effect further publicize the cause of Iranian protesters .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Rebates , Tax Credits And Stimulating The Economy
The Obama administration has been giving us all sorts of stimulus packages this year that aim to stimulate spending in troubled sectors of our economy , and jumpstart consumer spending .
First we had the tax incentives for new car purchases , and then the $ 8000 tax credit for first time homebuyers .
Then we heard rumblings about the $ 8000 tax credit being expanded to $ 15,000 ( which has n’t happened yet ) .
Now the government is about to pass another measure that once again aims to help the struggling auto industry , and at the same time get some less efficient cars off of the road .
The program is being called “ Cash For Clunkers “ , or ” Car Allowance Rebate System / CARS “ .
The program will cost about $ 4 billion , and the money is currently proposed to come from Energy Department funding included in the already enacted $ 787 billion economic stimulus package .
The bill is now simply awaiting the president ’s signature to be enacted .
Cash For Clunkers – Car Allowance Rebate System / CARS
And How It Works
The aim of the program is to get older less fuel efficient vehicles off of the road .
You trade in your old car or truck for a voucher towards the purchase ( or lease ) of a new vehicle that gets better mileage .
The better the mileage of the new car , the more money you ’ll get towards the purchase of a new vehicle .
You get either a $ 3,500 or a $ 4,500 voucher , depending upon the increase in mileage per gallon in old car to new car .
To find out the MPG of your old car vs. a new car , check out this website .
The minimum combined fuel economy of a new car purchased under the program must be at least 22 mpg .
Small trucks and SUVs have to get at least 18 mpg .
Large trucks have to get 15 mpg .
The old cars will be salvaged once they ’re turned in .
Here ’s a graphic showing the increase in mileage you would need to attain in order to qualify for either the $ 3500 voucher , or the $ 4500 voucher .
The amounts vary depending upon the vehicle type .
So what cars are qualified to be turned in for the program ?
Must be in drivable condition .
( That means you ca n’t tow in that truck on blocks sitting in your front yard )
Have been continuously insured to the same owner for at least one year immediately prior to trade - in .
( That means you ca n’t just go out and buy a cheapo old truck to trade in )
Manufactured in model year 1984 or later , so 25 year old or newer cars .
Have a combined fuel economy of 18 mpg or less .
Get anything more than that , and you ’re out of luck !
How Do I Participate
In the Program ?
To participate in the program you just have to buy a new car from a participating new car dealership .
The incentive amount that you qualify for will be applied to the new vehicle ’s purchase price .
You wo n’t receive an actual check or voucher .
The program will run from July 1 , 2009 to November 1 , 2009 .
In order to participate in the program car dealers will have to register with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) , and it may take a few weeks for a list of participating dealers to be put together , so be patient !
The government will be putting out a new website to give details about the program , and which dealers are qualified to give you the rebate .
When Does It Start ?
The Cash For Clunkers Program is slated to take effect as of July 1 , 2009 , however , it still needs to be signed into law by President Obama .
When it finally is signed into law the NHTSA will need to work out details of the program and set up a procedure for dealerships to get registered with the program .
When all is said and done it may be a few weeks or more before buyers will be able to participate .
My Thoughts On The Program
To be honest I ca n’t see how this program will be very effective at any of it ’s aims .
I really do n’t think there are that many old cars with bad gas mileage on the road anymore .
According to one analysis by Arlington , Va. - based investment bank FBR Capital Markets , the parameters of the “ Cash for Clunkers ” bill are narrow , and the bill limits eligibility to fewer than 5 percent of U.S. vehicles .
The participation rate in the program is probably going to be much lower than that .
Even for those 5 % of the cars that are still on the road , a good number of them may still be worth more than the voucher would pay for them .
So what ’s the point in getting the voucher ?
On top of that for many people just keeping their old clunkers makes more financial sense because it means they wo n’t have payment on a new car , even if they are paying slightly more for gas .
With unemployment hovering around double digits , most people just ca n’t afford to be buying new cars right now .
( In fact , many people are now saying that most of the “ clunkers ” that are still on the road , are actually owned by people in lower income brackets , and they really ca n’t afford a new car anyway )
I ’d much rather see the money spent on this program be used for things like paying down the national debt .
What do you think of the program ?
Do you think it will be effective in it ’s aims of taking less efficient cars off of the road ?
Will it give a boost to new car sales ?
Is the program set to be a failure right out of the gate ?
UPDATE : The program has been suspended after less than 1 week .
Find the details here .
The memo notes there had been a shift in the two men's thinking on Iraq by late January 2003 and that preparing for war was now their priority .
" Our diplomatic strategy had to be arranged around the military planning , " Manning writes .
This was despite the fact Blair that had yet to receive advice on the legality of the war from the Attorney General , Lord Goldsmith , which did not arrive until 7 March 2003 - 13 days before the bombing campaign started .
Now , we have all known about this for a while , but things are about to start happening over the ocean .
In today ’s Observer , quotes like this appear :
Documents like this raise issues of national embarrassment , not national security .
The restoration of public confidence requires this new inquiry to be transparent .
Contentious matters should not be kept out of the public domain , even in the run-up to an election .
We can look for more fun to hit the fan in November , when the Dutch government produces its report on intelligence shared with the Dutch by MI5 and MI6 .
Read it and weep ...
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Helix aspersa , a snail with a hidden advantage ( NPL ) .
Garden snails are evolving slower metabolisms .
Natural selection is favouring snails with reduced metabolic rates , researchers in Chile have discovered .
It is the first time that evolution has been shown to select for this trait in individuals of any species .
Snails with lower metabolisms are at an advantage because they have more energy to spend on other activities such as growth or reproduction , the researchers say in the journal Evolution .
Roberto Nespolo and Paulina Artacho of the Southern University of Chile in Valdivia examined a long standing biological hypothesis known as the " energetic definition of fitness " .
" This predicts that animals that spend less energy will have more surplus for survival and reproduction , " says Nespolo .
We could recover the dead because of their shells and because they did not move more than a couple of metres each year
Evolutionary biologist Roberto Nespolo
Few studies have tested the idea , and three done on rodents could not find any evidence it was true .
" Ours is the fourth and the first to demonstrate significant directional selection on metabolism , " says Nespolo .
Nespolo and Artacho measured the size of almost 100 garden snails ( Helix aspersa ) .
They also gauged their standard metabolic rate ( SMR ) , by measuring how much carbon dioxide each animal produced while at rest .
The standard metabolic rate is a measure of the minimal amount of energy an animal requires to stay alive .
" Standard metabolic rate is the energy required for maintenance .
In other words , having less maintenance permits you to have more energy for other activities , such as growth and reproduction .
That 's why less metabolism represents higher fitness , " says Nespolo .
After seven months , they recaptured the animals , collecting the empty shells of those which had died .
Survival of the SMR
They found size did not predict which animals survived .
But metabolic rate did , with surviving snails having a metabolic rate 20 % lower than that of the snails that did n't survive .
And the lower each snail 's metabolic rate , the greater its chance of survival .
That means that nature is selecting for snails that are more energy efficient , says Nespolo .
Nespolo's and Artacho's study worked in part because of the snails they chose to study .
Previous research examined metabolism in wild mice .
But it 's impossible to know whether mice that disappear from a study have died , or simply moved away .
So it 's difficult to accurately measure how many mice survive year to year .
By studying garden snails living in purpose - built enclosures , Nespolo and Artacho avoided this problem , as their snails did not move far and left behind empty shells when they died .
" We could recover the dead because of their shells and because they did not move more than a couple of metres each year , " says Nespolo .
Snail 's pace
The researchers now plan to answer the ultimate question : is having a slow metabolism linked to moving slowly ?
If it is , that means that snails are not only evolving to use energy more slowly , but are increasingly moving at an even lower snail 's pace .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For a politician who prides himself on the persuasive powers of his words , Benjamin Netanyahu has been notably reticent since his election victory in February .
Not one major interview with an Israeli newspaper , let alone a foreign one .
So even if he himself had not gone some way to increase anticipation of the speech he will deliver tomorrow evening , it would be of real importance in defining how he plans to conduct his premiership .
Above all it will be watched elsewhere as a response to an American President who has – so far – shown signs of a commendable impatience to secure the Middle East solution which has eluded his predecessors for more than 40 years .
The Israeli Prime Minister is facing severely conflicting pressures .
On the one hand , he risks endangering a relationship with the US which is of central importance to a majority of the Israeli public .
Indeed , the damage he inflicted on it during the Clinton years , as he is reported to have since acknowledged , was part of what led to the downfall in 1999 of his first term in office .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
On the other he is facing acute pressure from religious Zionism and the more secular - nationalist hard right in his own party not to surrender even partially to Washington 's desire that he halt construction in Jewish West Bank settlements and clear the way for serious negotiations on the establishment of a Palestinian state .
Nothing is yet certain and the speech will not be completed until today .
But on the two issues of the moment , whether he will finally say the words " Palestinian state " and how he will respond to the US demand for a settlement freeze , it looks as if he will try to steer a difficult course through the middle , a course in which , as he must know , the main danger he has to deflect is that of enraging everybody – Washington for not going far enough and his own right for going too far .
On the first , he may well repeat his demand that the Palestinians recognise , in any final deal , Israel as a " Jewish State " , which they have hitherto resisted , not least because it appears to discriminate against more than one million Palestinians living in Israel .
Never mind that , even Dov Weisglass , the former henchman of Ariel Sharon and the man who said the point of withdrawing settlers in Gaza was to put the peace process in " formaldehyde " , has said that such a precondition is neither " dignified or believable " .
The Prime Minister may then go further by saying – for the first time – that he will accept a Palestinian state but with the explicit proviso that it is demilitarised .
Earlier this year , while he was still leader of the opposition , Mr Netanyahu was asked at a press conference – by The Independent , as it happens – what his line was on the question of a Palestinian state .
He indicated there was much less difference between him and other Israeli politicians , such as his Kadima rival Tzipi Livni who advocated two states , than was generally realised .
After all , she too did not want a fully sovereign Palestinian state with its own army , control of its airspace , and so on .
Since he himself did not want , as he keeps insisting , to rule over the Palestinians , there was not much difference between what he envisaged and what others like her did , whatever name you gave it .
There is something in this , at least in relation to Ms Livni .
She almost certainly does not envisage the Palestinians having what most people would assume would be the full characteristics of a true state .
But , by choosing to specify demilitarisation now , Netanyahu would be open to the charge of once again setting high hurdles before any negotiations – including , for example , what exactly would be the limitations on the West Bank security forces on which the Americans and British have lavished considerable resources in training , and what would be the role of any international force in a future Palestine .
Similarly on the " Jewish state " .
Netanyahu 's officials are at pains to say this is a precondition of an agreement , not of talks beginning , and that he is fully committed to progress with the Palestinians on the economic , political and security tracks .
And he will no doubt commit to the 2003 Road Map which does envisage an eventual Palestinian state .
But while the " Israel as a Jewish state , Palestine as a demilitarised state " formula , if such emerges tomorrow , may be a clever attempt to shift the difficult choices on to the Palestinian leadership in Ramallah , and indeed the Americans , it may still be seen as setting yet more pre-emptive conditions as a way of deferring substantive agreement once again .
Particularly if , as seems all too likely , Netanyahu rejects Washington 's so far unequivocal calls for a settlement freeze .
Mr Netanyahu could well grab an easy headline by promising not only that he will remove outposts illegal even in Israeli law but that he will not build on E1 , the planned corridor linking the big settlement of Ma'ale Adumim to Jerusalem , which even the Bush administration put its foot down about .
But this would still leave intact the imminent threat of more expansion , not only in existing settlements but , even more combustibly , in the inner Palestinian neighbourhoods of Arab East Jerusalem .
The Netanyahu government is annoyed that it cannot continue the cosy oral agreement Ariel Sharon and Ehud Olmert enjoyed with the Bush administration for " natural growth " in the Jewish settlements in the West Bank .
The Obama emphasis on " honesty " in relation to the Middle East appears to rule out any repeat of such under - the - counter deals .
But , in any case , the very idea of " natural growth " in settlements illegal under international law should have been intolerable , even if it were not for the patent injustice that Palestinians are systematically restricted from building to accommodate their own population growth in East Jerusalem and in those large swathes of the West Bank - Area C under Israel 's direct control .
Assuming that Netanyahu does not take the world by surprise tomorrow , confront his nationalists head on , pledge a total settlement freeze , and commit himself to a Palestinian state during his premiership , then the American response will be all - important .
Tomorrow night will be a crucial test for the Israeli Prime Minister .
The day after , an almost as crucial one for the President of the United States .
Nothing ’s “ more American than ‘ bombs bursting in air ’ on the Fourth of July , ” said Ed Morrissey in Hot Air , but North Korea ’s “ nutcase dictator , ” Kim Jong
Il , might be taking it a bit too literally .
A report in Japan ’s Yomiuri newspaper says Pyongyang is planning to fire a long - range ballistic missile at Hawaii on July 4 .
Any shot aimed at the U.S. would be “ an act of war , ” but perhaps Kim has taken measure of Obama and “ found him wanting . ”
This is n’t Kim Jong
Il ’s first display of “ saber rattling , ” said the Honolulu Star Bulletin in an editorial , and Obama should refuse to “ mollify ” him with economic aid to reward this strategically “ bizarre behavior . ”
U.S. intelligence suggests that North Korea could be a threat to the U.S. in three to five years , but it ’s good to remember that the last time Pyongyang shot a missile toward Hawaii , in July 2006 , it crashed into the ocean 42 seconds after launch .
Even if Hawaii is n’t ( yet ) in range of Pyongyang ’s 4 - kilaton nuclear warheads , said Hui Zhang in Foreign Policy , Japan and South Korea are .
And North Korea will continue its escalating game of “ nuclear chicken ” until it gets what it wants — reliable assurances that the U.S. wo n’t attack it .
The only way to win without carnage is for the U.S. to give Pyongyang a big “ carrot ” to get it to denuclearize , and make sure China has some big “ sticks ” to enforce the deal .
The National Animal Identification System ( NAIS ) listening sessions taking place across the country came to Kentucky last month .
Wendell Berry , the agrarian poet and small farm activist , was there .
Story after story from these listening sessions has confirmed one thing : small farmers across the country are 100 % opposed to the NAIS legislation .
As you probably already know , NAIS promises to require every single livestock animal in America to be identified and tagged — no matter the size of the operation .
So , you ’ve got a few backyard chickens ?
Some milking goats ?
A small free - range pig farm ?
Say hello to expensive tagging & government paperwork .
Not only will NAIS be so burdensome as to put many small scale farmers out of business , but it is a huge infringement on our liberties .
Thankfully , Wendell Berry is a passionate man , well versed in civil disobedience .
Read the text of his testimony :
The need to trace animals was made by the confined animal industry – which are , essentially , disease breeding operations .
The health issue was invented right there .
The remedy is to put animals back on pasture , where they belong .
The USDA is scapegoating the small producers to distract attention from the real cause of the trouble .
Presumably these animal factories are , in a too familiar phrase , “ too big to fail ” .
This is the first agricultural meeting I ’ve ever been to in my life that was attended by the police .
I asked one of them why he was there and he said : “ Rural Kentucky ” .
So thank you for your vote of confidence in the people you are supposed to be representing .
( applause ) I think the rural people of Kentucky are as civilized as anybody else .
But the police are here prematurely .
If you impose this program on the small farmers , who are already overburdened , you ’re going to have to send the police for me .
I ’m 75 years old .
I ’ve about completed my responsibilities to my family .
I ’ll lose very little in going to jail in opposition to your program – and I ’ll have to do it .
Because I will be , in every way that I can conceive of , a non-cooperator .
I understand the principles of civil disobedience , from Henry Thoreau to Martin Luther King .
And I ’m willing to go to jail to defend the young people who , I hope , will still have a possibility of becoming farmers on a small scale in this supposedly free country .
Thank you very much .
( applause , cheers )
Did you catch that ?
Wendell Berry will go to jail if NAIS becomes law !
Fellow Food Renegades , it \’s time to join Wendell Berry in fighting back .
If you have n’t done so already , visit Organic Consumers Association and find out what you can do to help !
There are many different ways to get involved in this fight , the least of which is becoming a thorn in your congressperson ’s side .
I owe a special thanks to Kim Hartke at Hartke is Online for bringing Wendell Berry ’s comments to my attention .
This post is part of today ’s Fight Back Fridays blog carnival , hosted right here at Food Renegade .
For more news , anecdotes , recipes , and tips related to finding , growing , cooking , and eating Real Food , go check it out !
( photo by geoffandsherry )
BEIJING , June 8 ( Reuters ) -
The body of an American mountain climber has been found in southwest China , while a search continues for two other climbers who disappeared last month while trying to scale Mount Edgar .
The body of Jonathan Copp , 35 , was found on an ice sheet about 4,000 meters above sea level , the China Daily said .
The summit of Mount Edgar , or Mount Gongga in Chinese , is 6,400 meters above sea level in Luding County , Sichuan Province .
The head of China 's national climbing team was helping in the search for Wade Johnson and Micah Dash , who with Copp were scheduled to have returned from their climb about May 28 .
Friends reported them missing to the U.S. consulate in Chengdu , the capital of Sichuan province , on June 4 .
Copp was one of the founders of the Adventure Film Festival , which has appealed for help in the search on its website , www.adventurefilm.org.
Fog and landslides are impeding the search , the China Daily said , adding the three may have encountered an avalanche .
Mount Edgar is part of a series of steep and snowy ranges formed as the Tibet - Qinghai plateau pushed into the Sichuan basin .
Two other American climbers , Christine Boskoff and Charles Fowler , died in late 2006 while climbing further west in Sichuan .
( Reporting by Lucy Hornby ; Editing by Ken Wills and Valerie Lee )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Federal Reserve is studying significant moves in the U.S. government bond market last week that could have big implications for the central bank ’s strategy to combat the country ’s recession .
But the Fed is not really sure what is driving the sharp rise in long - dated bond yields , and especially a widening gap between short and long term yields .
Do rising U.S. Treasury yields and a steepening yield curve suggest an economic recovery is more certain , meaning less need for safe haven government bonds and a healthy demand for credit ?
If so , there might be less need for the Fed to expand the money supply by buying more U.S. Treasuries .
Or does the steepening yield curve mean investors are worried about the deterioration in the U.S. fiscal outlook , or the potential for a collapse in the U.S. dollar as the Fed floods the world with newly minted currency as part of its quantitative easing program .
This might be an argument to augment to step up asset purchases .
Another possibility is that China , the largest foreign holder of U.S. Treasury debt , has decided to refocus its portfolio by leaning more heavily on shorter - term maturities .
With officials still grappling to divine the factors steepening the yield curve , a speedy decision on whether to ramp up the Treasury debt purchase program or the related plan to snap up mortgage - related debt seems unlikely .
“ I ’m in wait - and - see mode , ” said one Fed official who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
“ We laid out the asset purchase plan and we ’re following it .
That is going to have some affect on various interest rates , but together with a hundred other things .
So I do n’t think we should be chasing a long - term interest rate , ” the official said .
BERNANKE
An important clue could come on when Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke testifies about the economy to U.S. lawmakers on Wednesday morning .
After lowering short term interest rates to near zero in 2008 , the Federal Reserve said at its March meeting that it would buy up to $ 300 billion in longer - term Treasury securities over six months as part of its efforts to increase the money supply and ease the credit crunch of the past two years .
So far , the Fed has bought $ 130.5 billion or about 44 percent of that $ 300 billion .
The Fed also has a goal of buying up to $ 1.25 trillion of mortgage backed securities ( MBS ) and $ 200 billion of debt issued by agencies like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The Fed purchases of agency MBS total $ 507.075 billion so far in 2009 .
But last week the benchmark 10 - year U.S. Treasury bond yield jumped to a six month high around 3.75 pct , while the spread between 2 - year and 10 - year bond yields widened to a record 2.75 percentage points .
Economists at Barclays Capital in New York have argued that the Fed should announce plans to increase its planned purchases of longer - dated Treasuries to $ 1 trillion from $ 300 billion to drive yields back down , lower home mortgage rates again , and support the embryonic economic recovery .
They warn the Fed cannot afford to hold fire until its next scheduled policy meeting on June 23 - 24 .
But the Fed is not so sure , and officials note that corporate bond spreads have narrowed over U.S. Treasuries , and that although mortgage rates have risen , they are still low .
An obvious culprit for the move in bond yields is the country ’s record fiscal deficit , which will generate a massive amount of new government issuance .
The U.S. Treasury must sell a record net $ 2 trillion in new debt in 2009 to fund a $ 1.8 trillion projected fiscal deficit , resulting from falling tax revenues , an economic stimulus package and sundry bank bailouts .
Investors began to worry this could erode the United States ’ cherished triple - A sovereign credit rating when Standard and Poors ’s on May 21 revised its outlook for Britain ’s triple - A status to negative from stable , blaming higher government debt .
The International Monetary Fund estimates that gross U.S. debt will reach 97.5 percent of the country ’s GDP in 2010 , versus 72.7 percent of GDP for the United Kingdom .
But other Fed insiders said they have a problem blaming the steepening of the yield curve just on the extra supply of new Treasury debt .
While there has been a sharp deterioration in the U.S. fiscal outlook , this has been evident for months and the dramatic steepening of the curve only occurred this week .
Fed officials also believe that some better - than - expected economic data recently has encouraged investors to believe there is less need for the safe - haven of government bonds and more risk of inflation .
Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Richard Fisher said on Thursday that the yield curve often steepens after a period of flatness heralding an economic recovery , but in this case is it likely a combination of factors .
“ Obviously , there is a lot of supply of debt .
Another way to interpret the steepening of the yield curve is ... confidence in the economy going forward , ” he told reporters in Washington after delivering a speech .
( Reporting by Alister Bull )
Ok it may not be your first choice on the headphones when you are training to look good in your bikini for your summer holiday you may be wondering why so many of us use workout music when at the …
The Hole Punch That Infiltrated A Steve Jobs Keynote and Macworld San Francisco
The year was 2005 , and myself and most of my writers from my website AppleXnet had assembled for the first time from all over the country for Macworld San Francisco ’05 .
Best yet , we had been granted press access to the Steve Jobs Keynote by Macworld .
It was the second year myself , and our chief editor Eoban Binder and I attended as press , but the first time all of our writers at the time had come as well .
Eoban and I showed up the day before the keynote so we could pick up our passes , and make sure everything was set for the big day .
The morning of the Steve Jobs Keynote Eoban and I showed up at the Moscone center around 6:30 am figuring we did n’t need to wait in line since we had press passes .
We made sure all of staff had gotten their passes , and by 7 am we were ready to go .
At first everything seemed fine , but soon we found out that Macworld had over booked the keynote , and had started putting little yellow circular dots on some press passes to guarantee that “ VIP ” members of the press would get access .
Then around 7:25 am they announced that ONLY those with yellow dots were getting access to the Steve Jobs Keynote , and everyone else had to go into an overflow room and watch the keynote on a screen instead .
My staff was completely devastated .
The idea that we had all assembled in person from everywhere from Wisconsin to Hawaii to come see Steve Jobs and we were now being told last minute that we were n’t good enough was simply unacceptable .
Every single one of my writers was under 20 at the time ( including myself ) , and a Mac user since birth .
They had all poured their hearts and souls into our website for the chance to go see Steve Jobs at Macworld , and in my minds eye deserved to see Steve Jobs live and in person just as much anyone else .
Seeing as my Dad was a music producer and I grew up backstage , I was an experienced rock concert attendee at this point in my life .
I knew that just like at concerts , lines , rules , and regulations at any event were all relative , subjective , and open to interruption .
The Stevenote was set to begin at 9 am , and as I stated it was only 7:25 am when we found out we were not getting in .
It was then that I realized the only difference between us , and the members of the press that were getting into the Stevenote was due to our lack of little circular yellow stickers on our press passes .
This is when it occurred to me that we were in San Francisco , one of the greatest cities in the world , and that there was a Rite Aid about 2 - 3 blocks from the Moscone center .
In a last ditch effort to get into the Steve Jobs Keynote some of my staff and I literally ran to Rite Aid .
Our goal was simple : find little circular yellow stickers .
Little did we know , finding yellow stickers was the easy part , the problem however was that we could n’t find any stickers that were the same size as the tiny little circular ones Macworld was putting on the press passes .
Most of my staff started to lose hope at this point , and it was now doubtful we would even get into the overflow room .
This is when I made the best purchase of my entire life : a shinny brand new single hole punch with a little catcher to store all the little donut holes .
All we had to do was use the hole punch on the yellow stickers we had found , and use the normally discarded “ chads ” from the hole punch as our stickers .
It was about 8:15 am by the time we ran back to meet up with the rest of our staff , created a bunch of little yellow circular stickers , and put them on all of our press passes just outside the entrance to the entrance at Moscone .
We decided it would be best we split into two groups to increase our chances of getting in .
I went first , and as I passed through the doors it seemingly appeared as if all the lights in the Moscone center had dimmed upon my entrance , and a spotlight was upon us .
I pretended to own the freakin place , as I calmly and cooly walked up to the Macworld ushers , and flashed my press pass adorn with a little yellow circular sticker .
Before we knew it we were all reunited and standing in the yellow dot VIP line about to go see Steve Jobs live and in person .
At 8:55 am they pulled away the velvet ropes , as my staff and I plus about 60 others took off running for the Keynote hall .
We got amazing seats , and spent the next 2 - hours basking in Steve Jobs reality distortion field .
No one ever found out about my new hole punch , our yellow dots , or that we had basically just walked right into a Steve Jobs Keynote for free .
Best yet , I still have my lucky hole punch .
Poster for a meeting sponsored by the Vancouver Socialist Forum .
Vancouver Socialist Forum
Vancouver Socialist Forum was founded in 2007 to promote the ideas of socialism and facilitate the political activity of its members .
It organises educational discussions and regular public forums .
Socialism or barbarism
The economic crisis that engulfed the planet in 2008 once again illustrates the destructive and irrational nature of capitalism .
To prevent worsening social and economic misery for the world ’s population , capitalism must be replaced by an entirely new economic and social order , socialism .
The goal of socialism is to create societies that offer full participation to each member and are environmentally sustainable .
Human needs will be fulfilled through public and democratic ownership of the means of producing social wealth .
The world is also facing a climate change - driven environmental catastrophe of epic proportion .
Oppressed countries and Indigenous peoples will be the main victims of this .
Vancouver Socialist Forum ( VSF ) opposes the imposition of the costs of global environmental change onto them .
Consumption patterns in rich countries like Canada must change as part of learning a new relationship with planet Earth .
This need not result in poverty for working people .
What will be lost is the culture of consumerism , needless waste and excessive luxuries .
Only a mass , popular movement of resistance and change can end economic misery and reverse the destruction of the Earth 's ecosystem .
To achieve a shift to an ecologically sustainable and socially just economic order , planning of the world economy through democratic institutions and mass participation from members of society is required .
This can not be achieved under capitalism .
The ruling elites resist any loosening of their control over the world ’s natural and human resources , while their lust for profits continues to drive destructive projects like the Alberta tar sands .
Internationalism , the right to self determination
Our watchword is internationalism .
Working people of the world share common interests in fighting against capitalist exploitation and national oppression .
Divisions among us along national or racial lines are fostered by the capitalists and serve their interests .
We oppose the imperial wars and occupations that are a permanent feature of 21st century capitalism .
Canada is an imperialist country in its own right , a junior partner in the imperialist system of exploitation .
We oppose the wars by Canada and its allies in Afghanistan , Iraq and Palestine ; and the Canada / US / UN occupation of Haiti .
We identify with the revolutions in the Americas that have placed socialism back on the agenda , especially those in Bolivia , Cuba and Venezuela .
We support the right of Indigenous nations around the world to political self - determination and sovereignty .
We oppose the ongoing occupations of their territories , especially the Indigenous nations whose territories are occupied by the colonial - settler state known as Canada .
We consider the struggle against Canadian nationalism and chauvinism and accompanying anti-native racism in the non-Native working class to be paramount in our work .
We support the struggles of the Quebecois against Anglo - Canadian discrimination , national oppression and political domination .
We support their struggle for political sovereignty and self - determination .
We recognise the deep class divisions that characterise Quebec society and the interest of the ruling class there in promoting racism and bigotry against the Indigenous peoples and people of colour .
Fighting oppression
We recognise the particular oppression that women face and strive to tear down all barriers to full and complete social equality .
Patriarchal constructions of gender must be challenged .
We oppose all discrimination and oppression based on sexual orientation and gender identity .
We oppose the racism and discrimination against racialised people , including immigrants of colour , refugees and ``non - status '' people .
We oppose the discrimination and violence against poor people by police agencies whose job is to keep the poor in their place .
We support the democratic rights of poor people to public space and social support .
We recognise the special role played by the trade unions in the struggle for social justice .
We participate in rank and file movements for greater union militancy and democracy .
We advocate united fronts among all those fighting for justice .
Working people need to organise in politics independent of the capitalists and their political parties .
Only independent political action and mass movements struggling for concrete goals can achieve lasting change .
Elections alone change nothing .
How we organise
Membership of Vancouver Socialist Forum is open to those who agree with the general principles of its Statement of Purpose and who wish to promote socialist ideas and collaborate in political activities .
Decisions of the group are made by majority vote at general meetings .
We seek to join in common activity with like - minded activists in other cities and provinces .
May 29 , 2009
Contact the VSF atits website , www.vancouversocialist.com
Freemasonry and the Hermetic Tradition R.A. Gilbert GNOSIS #6 If , as is stated categorically by the United Grand Lodge of England , Freemasonry " is not a Secret Society " and is " not a religion or a substitute for religion , " then what is it ?
And why should students of the occult be concerned with the history , symbolism and rituals of this " peculiar system of morality , veiled in allegory and illustrated by symbols , " which is defined officially as , " one of the world 's oldest secular fraternal societies . . . a society of men concerned with spiritual values .
Its members are taught its precepts by a series of ritual dramas , which follow ancient forms and use stonemasons ' customs and tools as allegorical guides .
The essential qualification for admission and continuing membership is a belief in a Supreme Being .
Membership is open to men of any race or religion who can fulfill this essential qualification and are of good repute " ?
Perhaps the occultist , who sees in freemasonry the survival of ancient , pagan mystery religions , sees something that , like beauty , is in the eye of the beholder , for what he sees is clearly invisible both to the governing body of the Craft and to the bulk of its members .
Freemasonry does have a traditional history ( around which its rituals are constructed ) that places its origin at the time of the building of King Solomon 's Temple , but in the material world we can trace its history from 1717 A.D. when the first Grand Lodge in the world - the Grand Lodge of England - was founded at London .
From that time on Freemasonry has expanded , undergoing many vicissitudes along the way - schisms , reconciliations , quarrels over jurisdiction and quarrels over essential beliefs ­until today it is firmly established in most countries of the world ( the exceptions being countries of the Communist bloc , and those countries that suffer under Islamic fundamentalism ) .
Regular Freemasonry - which , among other things demands from its members a belief in God , forbids the discussion of religion and politics in its lodges , and forbids also the admission of women to membership - is strongest in the English - speaking world , and it is a curious paradox that England , where the Craft is most conservative , should have produced not only the foremost masonic historians , but also the most adventurous ( and most widely read ) speculative interpreters of masonic symbolism and philosophy .
These latter have been invariably influenced by the masonic traditions of continental Europe , where " higher " degrees and exotic Rites have proliferated since the middle of the eighteenth century .
( At this point it would be well to emphasise that all " higher " or " additional " degrees and grades are later inventions than the three Craft degrees of Entered Apprentice , Fellowcraft , and Master Mason , including " the Supreme Order of the Holy Royal Arch " - declared in 1813 by the United Grand Lodge of England to be the oniy degrees of " pure Antient Masonry " ; and further , that the governing bodies of the " higher " degrees have no control whatsoever over the Craft degrees . )
The complex phenomenon of European Freemasonry was significantly different from its counterpart in eighteenth century England .
The essential masonic tenets of tolerance and benevolence were overlain from an early date with layers of metaphysical speculation , while the simple Craft rituals were extended into elaborate ceremonies for a multiplicity of degrees , grades and Orders , all of which involved extravagant traditional histories and hierarchical ruling bodies that became increasingly divorced from reality .
To some extent such Rites represented a way of escape from the political oppression of illiberal regimes and the spiritual oppression of the Roman Catholic Church , which had been implacably hostile to Freemasonry from the beginning , but they inevitably drifted away from " pure Antient Masonry " to become either politicised or steered into overtly esoteric channels .
Given their nature , it is scarcely surprising that it has been from these esoteric Rites within and around Masonry - The Elus Cohens , the Strict Observance , the Illuminati , Cagliostro 's Egyptian Masonry , and the thousand - and - one self - styled Templar Orders and Chivalric degrees - rather than from Craft Masonry , that occultists and esoterically inclined freemasons alike have drawn , and continue to draw , their inspiration for Orders of their own , and their plethora of false notions about the Craft and its origins .
It is unfortunate that there can be no authoritative , official refutation of these false notions , but there can be no definitive pronouncement about the origins of Freemasonry for the simple reason that there is no certainty as to what those origins are .
It is undeniable that masonic ritual , in its essentials , is based upon the presumed customs and the working tools of medieval stonemasons , but there is little a no evidence to support the popular theory of a regular progression from operative masonry to the speculative Craft via a hypothetical " transitional " period during the seventeenth century , in which non-working members were gradually accepted into masonic Iodges until they constituted a majority .
A more probable theory of origin - but still , it must be stressed , only a theory - is that which suggests that Freemasonry arose during the seventeenth century from the efforts of a group of enthusiasts who sought to establish tolerance in religion and the general improvement of society in an era in which intolerance prevailed .
They protected themselves by adopting the myth of the building of King Solomon 's Temple as an allegory of their aims and by utilising the wholly appropriate structure of extant building guilds .
An eminently sensible theory , but for occultists wholly inadequate .
There must be , for their purposes , both a strictly esoteric content in masonry and an ultimately Gnostic source : tolerance is too prosaic , and the medieval building guilds unsatisfactory by virtue of their uncomfortably orthodox profession of Christian faith .
Either the Knights Templar or the Rosicrucians , or both , offer a more satisfying explanation of the emergence of Freemasonry in its speculative form .
That there is no shred of historical evidence linking the Templars with Masonry , nor any certainty that the Rosicrucians as an organised body ever existed , does not matter , since for occultists - and for esoteric freemasons - Freemasonry exists primarily to perpetuate the teachings of the ancient Mystery Schools , and there is thus necessarily a definite , if hidden , connection between Freemasonry and its supposed forerunners .
To the conclusive demonstration of such links masonic writers of esoteric inclination have devoted their literary careers , only to have their work rejected as unsound by more prosaic masonic scholars .
" Esoteric " masons , however , have been , and still are , mightily impressed by the apparent scholarship of authors such as the Rev. F. de P. Castells , who considered that he had proved beyond doubt the link with the Rosicrucians , and maintained that " Freemasonry originated with certain Hebrew mystics associated with the Temple of Jerusalem , and that they are represented by the Kabbalists of historic times . "
( Our Ancient Brethren the Originators of Freemasonry , 1932 , p. 24 ) Castells wrote during the 1920s and ' 30s , and although he was far from being the first masonic " historian " on whom occultists had drawn , he was among the most impressive , for he united his historical studies with a critical analysis of masonic rituals and their symbolism .
And it is masonic symbolism that has proven always more irresistible to the occultist even than masonic history .
The rituals of the Craft degrees represent the progress of the apprentice towards the mastery of the Craft , illustrated by the building of the Temple , and accompanied by the inculcation of moral precepts , culminating in the symbolic reenactment of the death of the architect Hiram Abiff , who perferred to die rather than betray the secrets of his Order .
In the First Degree the three " Great Lights " ( the Volume of the Sacred Law , the Square and Compasses ) and the three " Lesser Lights " ( the Sun , the Moon and the Master of the Lodge ) of Masonry are explained to the candidate in symbolic form , while in each of the three degrees the appropriate " Working Tools " are similarly explained ( the gavel , plumb - rule , level , etc. ) .
There is also an elaborate emblematic diagram , or Tracing Board , for each degree , the symbolism of which - variously architectrual , biblical and numerical , - is explained in detail .
While such a wealth of symbolism has a very specific meaning within Freemasonry , its very richness has left it vulnerable to the most wild and extravagant interpretations on the part of occultists and of " esoteric " masons who ought to know better .
Nor is the unreason of such interpretions lessened by the invariable insistence of the interpreters on seeing the Third Degree as a rite of death and resurrection - which it is not .
It may suit the purposes of the occultist to see it in this light , but it is simply and solely a representation of the death of Hiram and his subsequent exhumation for decent reburial .
Speculation on the meaning of masonic symbols began in the eighteenth century , but serious attempts to relate those symbols to ancient resurrection myths and to the mainstream of the Western Hermetic Tradition did not begin until the Occult Revival of the late nineteenth century .
At the same time , amateur historians of occultism began to seek esoteric origins for Freemasonry itself .
When these two paths of research merged , the results were curious indeed .
H. P. Blavatsky , who was effectively the principal architect of the Occult Revival , had little interest in Freemasonry , but she utilised - and believed - much of the information amassed by Kenneth Mackenzie in his Royal Masonic Cyclopaedia ( 1877 ) , and thus through her own writing acted as a channel for its dissemination throughout the Theosophical world and far beyond the confines of Masonry itself .
To what extent Mackenzie ( who , surprisingly , did not accept that Freemasonry had its roots in Rosicrucianism ) believed his own statements is unclear , but he and his colleagues ( F.G. Irwin , John Yarker , Dr. Woodman et al ) consciously attempted to emulate the eighteenth century proliferation of grandiose masonic degrees and esoteric Orders ­with considerable success , for it was from this background of exotic Rites that William Wynn Westcott gained the inspiration for his immortal brain - child , the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn .
That amazing creation , which came into being in 1888 , owed its success in part to the increasing familiarity with masonic symbolism ( via the works of Madame Blavatsky ) on the part of both male and female occultists .
It is surprising enough that English Freemasonry should have given rise , however indirectly , to an androgynous Order ; that it should have provided the administrative structure , the framework of its rituals and no small part of its eclectic symbolism is even more surprising , given that the proportion of English Freemasons interested in and informed about occultism was ( and is ) minute .
Of those Freemasons who were inclined towards occultism at the close of the last century , the majority were deeply involved in the Theosophical Society , or at least in the teachings that it propagated ; they absorbed from it the notion of the great antiquity of Eastern religions and the superiority of Eastern philosophy over Western thought .
From their subsequent mental confusion arose most of the books that have propagated original and bizarre ideas about the history and meaning of freemasonry
But however reliable their " histories " may be , and however unsound their conclusions , their influence among fellow occultists has been so widespread and so pervasive that the student of the Hermetic Tradition and its history cannot ignore them if he wishes to separate fact from fantasy and to understand how the present syncretistic structure of occultism has come about .
During his lifetime the most influential of these " alternative " masonic historians was John Yarker , whose monumental work on the Arcane Schools ( 1909 ) is really a prehistory of Freemasonry , which he saw progressing from the Egyptian and Greek Mysteries via Mithraism , Gnosticism and Alchemy , with a brief conclusion on its history in modern times .
Yarker controlled or influenced numerous quasimasonic Rites and through these he effectively directed the thinking of many of his esoteric contemporaries ­not least those who were members of the Co-Masonic Order , whose activities he supported while wisely refraining from joining .
Univeral Co-Freemasonry ( which admits both men and women ) was founded in France in 1893 and spread to England in 1902 by way of the Theosophical Society , collecting Annie Besant and her coterie en route .
Once Mrs. Besant was established , in 1907 , as President of the T. S. , her support , coupled with that of C. W. Leadbeater , led to a rapid expansion of Co-Masonry among theosophists , taking in even those who had previously been bitter opponents of Freemasonry .
The Order was , however , susceptible to the wider teachings of Theosophy , as Leadbeater made clear in his utterly uncritical Glimpses of Masonic History ( 1926 ) : " With the advent of Dr. Annie Besant to the leadership of the Order in the British Empire , the direct link between Masonry and the Great White Lodge which has ever stood behind it ( though all unknown to the majority of the Brethren ) was once again reopened " ( p.328 ) .
Other occultists saw Freemasonry as deriving from sources not quite so far East .
For Max Heindel ( who was not a freemason ) it was " rooted in hoary antiquity " , its very name was Egyptian ( Phree messen = Children of Light ) , and the progress of " Mystic Masonry " would ultimately hasten " the Second Advent of Christ " ( Freemasonry and Catholicism , 1931 , pp. 86 & 98 ) .
This was admittedly an extreme interpretation : esoteric masons were generally more cautious in their imaginings - although Manly Palmer Hall could claim that " Masonry came to Northern Africa and Asia Minor from the lost continent of Atlantis , not under its present name but rather under the general designation Sun and Fire Worship " ( The Secret Teachings of All Ages , 1936 , p. 176 ) .
He further maintained that " within the Freemasonic Mysteries lie hidden the long - lost arcana sought by all peoples since the genesis of human reason " ( ibid p. 176 ) , and while this is strictly a personal opinion , Hall 's arguments are presented as authoritative , and the influence of his books ( which have remained continuously in print ) has been so widespread among American occultists over the last sixty years that those who read nothing else on Masonry have tended to treat his opinions as facts .
In England other speculative masons have been equally influential .
J.S.M.
Ward saw masonic symbolism in the initiation rites of virtually every human culture , past and present , and Freemasonry was for him " the survivor of the ancient mysteries ­nay , we may go further , and call it the guardian of the mysteries " ( Freemasonry and the Ancient Gods , 1926 , 2nd ed. , p. 341 ) .
Ward 's symbolist approach to masonic history ought to have appealed to occultists , but they are often unaware of him , for his work has been confined almost exclusively to masonic circles - unlike that of Dr. Westcott for whom the reverse was true .
As befitted the Supreme Magus , or head , of the masonic Rosicrucian Society , Westcott believed firmly in the development of Freemasonry out of Rosicrucianism , and he argued forcefully that masonic ritual was deeply tinged with Kabbalistic ideas .
And yet for all the flaws in his scholarship Westcott appreciated the value of historical research , and he thus rejected as unfounded the claims of Yarker , Ward and others for a descent of Freemasonry from Mithraism or from the Essenes ( see Ars Quatuor Coronatorum , Vols. 1 , 28 , 29 ) .
But while Westcott 's purely occult works have remained popular , his masonic writings are virtually unknown , and in attempting to bring Freemasonry to the notice of the occult world he was less successful than his younger and more mystical contemporaries , W. L. Wilmshurst and A. E. Waite , both of whom wrote for a wider audience than a purely masonic one .
They presented their respective visions of Freemasonry as a part only of a more comprehensive and continuing spiritual tradition : and more importantly , the works of both men are still available - reaching and influencing an infinitely greater number of readers than either the works of Westcott or those of their little - known critics who wrote to protest against their errors of fact ( Waite especially was prone to treating historical data in a very cavalier manner ) .
And this is the paradox of the hermetic misunderstanding of Freemasonry .
The ideas of its motley crew of apologists are propagated in books that survive when the lives of their authors ( and their opponents ) are long forgotten , for there is a common thread that binds them all together .
Credulous oddities such as Heindel and Leadbeater ; earnest , if unsound , scholars like Ward and Westcott ; and such luminous mystics as Wilmshurst and Waite , all shared a passionate conviction that Freemasonry holds a key ­indeed , the key - which will unlock the ancient mysteries , the Secret Tradition , or whatever one chooses to call that subtle alternative to mundane history and orthodox thought .
In the last analysis , that is what matters .
It is of little consequence whether or not Freemasonry is descended from the mystery religions of antiquity : the important thing is that influential figures in the recent history of the Hermetic Tradition believed that it did ; and this belief colored their perception of Hermeticism as a whole and determined the manner in which they gave those perceptions practical expression .
Without an appreciation of their idea of Freemasonry , however distorted and inaccurate it may have been , we cannot fully understand their role in the development of the Hermetic Tradition in the modern era .
Nor is this all .
We must also be aware of the true nature of Freemasonry itself , of its relationship with esoteric systems of thought during the period of its creation , and of the more esoteric theories of its origin .
It may be that none of these theories is correct , that the occultists were right , after all , in assuming a vast antiquity for the Craft ; but even if it proves to have been nothing more than a curious social club , its presence , however passive , lay behind almost all of the esoteric Orders of the last two centuries - Orders whose creators believed in Freemasonry as the supreme vehicle for the transmission of a superior traditional wisdom .
Unless we acknowledge the influence of the idea of Freemasonry and attempt to understand its nature , both as it is and as it was believed to be , our understanding of Hermeticism will be impoverished .
We shall be like the candidate for Masonic initiation : in a State of Darkness .
R.A. Gilbert is an antiquarian bookseller in Bristol , UK .
He is the author of The Golden Dawn : Twilight of the Magicians , and A.E. Waite : Magician of Many Parts and is currently working with John Hamill , the librarian of the United Grand Lodge of England , on A World History of Freemasonry .
1. The U.G.L.E. is the governing body of English Freemasonry ; the quotations are taken from a leaflet issued by their Board of General Purposes , entitled What is Freemasonry ?
Although I refer throughout the text to English Freemasonry , the arguments hold for the Ancient & Accepted Scottish Rite in the U. S. A. and for Regular Freemasonry throughout the world .
Quoted from What is Freemasonry ? , as reproduced in John Hamill , The Craft : A History of English Freemasonry , Crucible Books ( 1986 ) p. 12 .
The first papal pronouncement against Freemasonry was the Encyclical , In eminente , issued in 1738 .
Site navigation
Frontpage
Pidgin plugins
MX610 - notification
Led-notification
Pidgin- WebKit
Pidgin - WebKit allows you to use Adium message styles with Pidgin .
It is very experimental and not developed currently .
Bazaar branch is in https://launchpad.net/pidgin-webkit
By Daniel Emery
Technology reporter , Los Angeles
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Microsoft has unveiled its new control system for the Xbox 360 console , at E3 in Los Angeles .
Project Natal is a fully hands - free control system that will use face recognition and motion sensors to allow users to play games .
Film director Steven Spielberg , attending the launch , said it was " a window into what the future holds " .
Although still in the early stages , Microsoft has sent prototypes to all the main game developers .
Speaking to the BBC , Mr Spielberg said he had always stated that " the main barrier stopping people getting into video games was the complexity of a games controller , " and that Natal was " a whole new world " .
" There is technology now that recognises not just your thumb , it recognises your entire person .
The technology knows who you are , " he said .
Mr Spielberg drew an analogy with the film industry , saying it was evolutionary step for games .
" It 's like the square screen we saw all of our movies on in the early 1950s .
Then The Robe came out in Cinemascope .
And then came CinRam and Imax followed .
That 's what [ Natal ] is .
I think the technology looks very interesting but its success depends on the content and how easy it is to use
Piers Harding - Rolls , analyst During the demonstration , British developer Peter Molyneux showed how Natal could not only recognise faces , it could recognise facial expressions to determine what mood a player was in and react accordingly .
Mr Spielberg said this offered new opportunities for game development " The video games industry has not allowed us the opportunity to cry , because we were too busy putting our adrenalin rush into the controller , or wherever we swing our arm with a Wii controller to get a result , " he said .
" Because of that , there is no room for a video game to break your heart .
We now have a little more room to be a little more emotional with Natal technology than we did before . "
Speaking to the BBC , Piers Harding - Rolls , senior analyst with Screen Digest , said the success of Natal depended on a number of different factors .
" I think the technology looks very interesting but its success depends on the content and how easy it is to use , " he said .
" The other aspect is cost and how they will get it out to the user base , " he said .
" That said , I think Microsoft would like to get it out sooner , rather than later .
" Sales of the Xbox 360 hit their peak in 2008 and are now expected to decline , in terms of console sales , so you would expect them to get it out as soon as possible to rekindle interest in the platform . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Leak
The details of Project Natal had already leaked out a few weeks ago when the US patent office released documents , filed by Microsoft , of a " motion sensor that makes use of face recognition software and biometrics " .
At the time , most experts believed that Microsoft was patenting concepts , rather than an actual application , and would focus on a motion detector similar to the Nintendo 's Wii controller .
Speaking to the BBC , Shane Kim , Microsoft 's Cooperate Vice - President of Xbox Strategy and Development , said it was worried the story was going to break before the official launch .
" Most of the information was out there , but no one was able to put the full story together , " he said .
Games bonanza Project Natal was not the only big announcement from Microsoft .
It will let people achieve skate supremacy in the comfort of their own living rooms
Tony Hawk
The company unveiled 10 new games for the Xbox 360 , including Beatles Rock Band , Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , Tony Hawk Ride and Final Fantasy XIII .
Tony Hawk
Ride comes with its own skateboard controller , similar to the Wii Balance board , although this is the first time such a device has been available for the Xbox 360 .
Tony Hawks , who was at the launch to promote his game , said it was something he had wanted for some time .
" I always wanted to do a game with a skateboard controller but the technology was n't there until now , " he said .
" It will allow anyone to grind rails and catch big airs ; even if you have never been on a skateboard , it will let people achieve skate supremacy in the comfort of their own living rooms . "
And in a follow up to the news that Microsoft had signed a deal with Sky to show content via Xbox Live , Microsoft said it had entered a joint agreement with Facebook and Twitter to create what Mr Kim called " full integration " between three of the largest social networking sites on the planet .
" For us , it 's a very big priority to make Xbox Live the next generation of social networking , " he said .
Both Nintendo and Sony consoles stream video content using the BBC iPlayer .
Mr Kim played down allegations that Microsoft had opted to team up with Sky purely to differentiate itself from its competitors .
" Our partnership with Sky is about bringing great video and entertainment to our UK customers .
That was our focus , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AEROCHROME COLOR INFRARED FILM - FOR SALE - TO BUY
120 Medium Format Aerochrome - FOR SALE TO BUY FOR SALE
AVAILABLE :
1. Aerochrome Color Infrared Film - 120 format
Date 2011 .
2. Color Infrared Film – CIR 120
This is a different color infrared film in 120 It is not Aerochrome !
Date 2010 Processing in C - 41 only .
3 , Aerochrome Color Infrared Film - 4x5
Date 2011 .
I have this in limited supply .
4. Custom sheets 5x7 , 8x10 , 8x20 on request
5. Aerochrome scrap material .
Strip film 1.5x33 inch .
Odd sheets , 3x8 , 3.75x8 , 2.75x8 inch , 2.6x3.8 inch , etc .
For more info , please write to : aerochrome@live.de
or place an order at : www.aerochrome.shop
Kodak Aerochrome Color Infrared Film cut down and rolled to 120 medium format .
The film is long since discontinued , so this is the last Color Infrared Film to be produced .
The film can be loaded in very low lighting situations , but MUST be developed in total darkness .
This is a standard 120 film roll with paper backing and numbering .
The rolls are shipped in an air - tight , black plastic container .
A lens filter should be used .
I recommend a medium yellow or orange filter , but there are a variety of options .
The nominal film speed is 400 ISO with a # 12 Wratten yellow filter on the lens .
As with all infrared films , the actual film speed is relative to the specific situation .
Processing
Slide : process E6
Aerochrome is designed for processing in a standard E6 developer , producing a slide .
But if you want a negative instead , the film performs very well when cross-processed in standard C - 41 .
______________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________
Please Read :
This is Kodak bulk film stock , but has been re-cut .
Kodak therefore requires that I sell as second - hand and so there is no warranty on this product .
The material is hand cut and rolled in total darkness , so there may be some minor imperfections , but they will not hinder performance .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cherlin believes the reason for this paradox is that Americans hold two values at once : a culture of marriage and a culture of individualism .
Or is it an American spirit of optimism wedded , if you will , to a Tocquevillian spirit of restlessness that inspires three out of four Americans to say they believe marriage is for life , while only one in four agreed with the notion that even if a marriage is unhappy , one should stay put for the sake of the children .
If America is a “ divorce culture , ” it may be partly because we are a “ marriage culture , ” since we both divorce and marry ( a projected 90 percent of us ) at some of the highest rates anywhere on the globe .
Hence Cherlin ’s cautionary advice consists of two words — “ Slow down ” — his chief worry about our frenetic marriage - go - round being its negative impact on our children .
In fact , while having two biological parents at home is , the statistics tell us , best for children , a single - parent household is almost as good .
The harm comes , Cherlin argues , from parents continually coupling with new partners , so that the children are forced to bond , or compete for attention , with ever - new actors .
These are the youngsters who are likely to suffer , according to a measurable matrix of factors such as truancy , disobedience in school , and teen pregnancy .
Instead of preaching marriage , Cherlin says , we should preach domestic stability for children .
Is marriage the best way to ensure this ?
Apparently not , at least not the way we do it in America .
Rachel is one of the women I regularly dine with , now that I have a divorced person ’s oddly relaxed — oddly civilized , even horribly French ? — joint - custody schedule .
It has been almost 10 years since I dined with adults on a weekly basis .
My domestic evenings have typically revolved around five o’clock mac and cheese under bright lighting and then a slow melt into dishes and SpongeBob … because yet another of my marital failings was that I was never able to commit to a nanny .
Even though my husband and I both drew full - time incomes , I , as a writer , worked at home and hence was ambivalent , because if I had daily in - house help , what was my role as a mother ?
Would I be emotionally displaced ?
Also , I secretly worried that using domestic help was exploitative — recall Barbara Ehrenreich ’s dictum that she ’d never let another woman scrub her toilets .
Yea , these are the various postfeminist hurdles that stretched before me at 2:00 a.m. as I lay awake in our bed , contorted not just by cats but by two children kicking me from both sides —
Exhibit A of lazy , undisciplined attachment parenting .
Imagine driving with me now to Rachel ’s house for our new 40 - something social hobby — the Girls ’ Night dinner .
Leap not from my car , even though I realize — given my confessed extramarital affair , avowed childhood desire to see my father explode into flames , and carpet of tattered Happy Meal wrappers — I may not strike you as the most reliable explicator of modern marriage .
Still , we forge on , and what I ’d like to do now is recant for a moment and not be quite so hard on marriage , which I think is a very good fit for some people .
It certainly has been for Judith S. Wallerstein ( married more than 48 years , as the jacket flap indicates ) , co-author with Sandra Blakeslee of the 1995 book The Good Marriage : How and Why Love Lasts .
Through close observation of 50 happily married couples , the authors identified four templates for lasting nuptial success .
The Romantic Marriage thrives on the spark of love that never dies .
( Think of those affectionate 80 - somethings in convalescent homes , still holding hands . )
The Rescue Marriage features partners who fit each other like lost puzzle pieces , healing each other from mutual childhood traumas .
( And then there are those shrieky co-dependent pairs : think of fiercely attached couples whose commitment is cemented by a commitment to unwholesome habits .
Said a friend of his 70 - something WASP parents , who sally off to their frequent cruises with huge Lavoris bottles filled with gin :
“ What they share is an enthusiasm for drinking . ” )
The Traditional Marriage succeeds because the man works while the woman runs the home , a clear and valuable division of labor .
Harry Tasker ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) leads a double life .
At work he is a government agent with a license to do just about anything , while at home he pretends to be a dull computer salesman .
He is on the trail of stolen nuclear weapons that are in the hands of fanatic terrorists when something more important comes up .
Harry finds his wife is seeing another man ( Bill Paxton ) because she needs some adventure in her life .
Harry decides to give it to her , juggling pursuit of terrorists on one hand and an adventure for his wife on the other while showing he can Tango all at once .
Written by John Vogel < jlvogel@comcast.net >
By Kevin F. Sullivan - June 27 , 2009
The way - too - cute , pre-arranged Huffington Post moment in Tuesday 's Presidential press conference was actually a good idea , poorly executed .
President Obama answering a question from an Iranian citizen is an inspired notion - but one that would have been more appropriate as on online chat at Whitehouse.gov than a planted question in a press conference .
But make no mistake : President Obama 's use of digital media platforms has not only been effective , it is redefining Presidential communications .
Looking back through history , however , a pattern becomes clear :
The contributions made by the pioneer of each new medium are largely forgotten when his successor - with the benefit of further advancements in technology and broader adoption of the new medium - masters it .
Exhibit A is radio .
In 1923 , Calvin Coolidge became the first President to be heard on radio .
His successor , Herbert Hoover , was the real radio pioneer .
Hoover had a radio transmitter in his home and began addressing the American people on radio in 1929 as President - elect .
Hoover broadcast a wide range of events on radio , but could not overcome two problems :
He was a shouter who did n't make for an easy listen ; and there was no national network to amass an audience to hear him .
FDR came along , mastered the " microphone technique " as it was known , and used the new NBC radio network - 37 markets strong - to air the first of his 30 radio fireside chats in 1933 .
FDR made his Presidential radio debut 10 years after Coolidge and on the heels of a radio - happy Hoover .
But his skill at using the medium and larger available audience gave him the permanent mantle of Radio President .
JFK gets credit as the Television President , largely because of his winning performance in the 1960 debates with Richard Nixon , the first of which was watched by an audience of 70 million .
Harry Truman 's inauguration in 1949 was the first televised , but clearly Dwight Eisenhower was the President who ushered America into the television era .
He hired actor Robert Montgomery as a media advisor to improve his effectiveness on television .
He modernized FDR 's fireside chat into a candlelit South Lawn holiday television production .
And in 1955 Eisenhower became the first president to conduct a televised press conference .
He provided so much TV footage the networks expanded their evening newscasts from 15 to 30 minutes .
To cap it off , President Eisenhower was honored with an Emmy Award in 1956 for his contributions to television news .
Ike got the trophy , but JFK got remembered as the Television President .
Media history is repeating itself .
President Obama is getting well - deserved credit for extending the use and reach of new media platforms such as YouTube , Facebook , Twitter and Flickr .
But amnesia has set in regarding the important contributions of his predecessor .
You would n't know from the coverage of President Obama 's new media efforts that the Bush White House blazed some digital trails of its own :
• In 2001 , Whitehouse.gov offered live streaming coverage of all events - which at the time was no small accomplishment .
In April , many news outlets picked up a White House press release inaccurately claiming this year 's Easter Egg Roll was the first ever streamed live .
They were off by seven years .
• When the 9/11 attacks resulted in the cancellation of White House holiday tours in 2001 , " Barney - Cam , " in which the First Dog led a clever online video tour of the holiday decorations , was an instant Internet hit that would become a popular White House tradition .
• " Ask the White House , " became the first - ever live web chat with White House and cabinet officials when it debuted on whitehouse.gov in 2003 .
• The White House launched a robust menu of RSS newsfeeds in 2005 , ­ some of which outside citizens repurposed on social platforms , including the first Twitter feed of White House information .
• Also in 2005 , the White House Internet forged an agreement with iTunes to host a page for downloading Presidential speeches , the radio address , daily press briefings and State of the Union .
Yet President Obama was given credit this year as the first President to turn the weekly address into a multimedia affair .
• President Bush 's 2007 Roosevelt Room meeting with military bloggers was another first and in 2008 , aboard Air Force
One on his way back from the Middle East , Bush made history as the first Presidential blogger , contributing an entry to the original White House staff blog , " Trip Notes From the Middle East . "
• Bush 's interview in 2008 with Mike Allen for Politco.com and Yahoo was the first straight - to - Internet Presidential interview .
Each President uses the available technology .
For President Bush , it was n't Twitter , Facebook and YouTube , which were not legitimized for mass audiences for much of his administration and were blocked at the White House out of concerns related to security and adherence with the Presidential Records Act .
The Internet was President Bush 's new medium , effectively taking the limited version of whitehouse.gov launched by President Clinton in 1995 and using it in new and effective ways as the technology improved .
Nevertheless , if history is any guide , President Obama will be remembered as our first Internet President .
Tracking the latest news on the food , chains , industry and trends of Fast Food .
brought to you by Fast Food Facts - the fast food nutrition database .
An attempt by Egyptians to march in solidarity with Iranian protesters and to honor Neda - Agha Soltan -- whose death earlier this month made her the icon of Iran 's opposition movement -- was halted by security forces in Cairo over the weekend .
The Cairo rally was called by democracy activist and opposition leader Ayman Nour and was scheduled to be held in Talaat Harb square in the Egyptian capital 's downtown .
But dozens of security vehicles surrounded Nour and his fellow protesters upon their arrival at the square .
Police arrested four protesters belonging to Nour 's party and prevented reporters from covering the event .
" It is very ironic how Egyptian authorities , who earlier expressed their dismay against the Iranian regime 's oppressive means of handling protesters , are now banning us from a march that shares the same perspective , " Nour said at a news conference at his party 's headquarters .
" Such acts only prove one thing and it is that the Egyptian and Iranian regimes are quite the same when it comes to their autocratic path and rejection of democracy . "
An anti-abortion leader says his group may try to buy the now - closed Wichita abortion clinic owned by a doctor who was shot to death last month .
The leader , Troy Newman , the president of Operation Rescue , said on Wednesday that his group , which had long fought to close the clinic , was considering trying to buy the squat , beige building to perhaps turn it into a memorial museum , “ a tribute to the babies . ”
For decades , the clinic , Women ’s Health Care Services , had been operated by Dr. George R. Tiller , who was killed on May 31 as he served as an usher at his Wichita church .
It was one of a few clinics in the country where women could receive abortions late in their pregnancies .
On Tuesday , members of Dr. Tiller ’s family announced that they were permanently closing the clinic , setting off a flurry of concerns from abortion rights groups that women would now find it more difficult to find facilities willing to provide abortions in circumstances when catastrophic health issues were discovered late in pregnancy .
Officials of Internet , the computer network that ties together hundreds of academic , government and corporate networks , are planning to begin a program that will permit users to send messages to one another in what is intended to be an unbreakable code .
At present , users communicating over the network have little privacy .
Sophisticated users can easily intercept and read messages .
This lack of security has increasingly worried computer experts as the use of the networks has spread .
For many scientists and engineers , the networks have become a mainstay in their communications , used to exchange research results as well as carry on conversations that would otherwise occur over the telephone .
Under the new system , not only can an encrypted message be sent but the message will carry concealed information that will leave no doubt for the recipient that the person who says he sent the message did indeed send it .
The recipient will also know with certainty that the message has not been altered .
Methods of Assurance
BEIJING — Ai Weiwei believes in the power of the internet .
That ’s precisely why on July 1 , he wants China to stop using it .
A general internet strike — no work , no games , no email or anything else online — for 24 hours on the date the government plans to require censorship software on all new computers , he says , will be a quiet act of rebellion .
Not coincidentally , July 1 is the 88th anniversary of the Communist Party of China .
Though he posted the idea , Ai wants to leave the meaning to those who participate .
“ I gave almost no explanation about why I ’m doing it , ” Ai said .
“ I just give the structure and people will fill in their own meaning .
I do n’t want to be political first .
I wanted to set up an act that everyone can easily accept , and then realize the power later .
“ I want people to see their own power , ” he said .
In an interview Tuesday in the sunny courtyard of his studio complex in Beijing , the renowned artist , party critic and iconoclast spoke about how he uses Twitter ( at last count , he has 3,390 followers ) , its Chinese counterpart Fanfou and blogs as his favorite platforms to push the boundaries of free expression in China .
He is relentless in posting , often using humor and poetry to make points .
Though his words at times seem whimsical , he is just as often fierce .
Ai says he does n’t think about what he will post before he sits down at the computer each morning to update his web musings .
He just writes .
On Monday , he was tired and dwelling on the case of a man murdered in central China .
Locals swelled the streets to protest and police quelled the demonstrations .
A thought jumped into his mind : call for an internet strike to protest the “ Green Dam ” filtering software the government is requiring on all new computers .
Despite widespread international and domestic criticism of the software requirement , official media now say the government “ will not back away ” from its plans .
Ai ’s criticism of the government is not new .
When the web portal sina.com invited him to write a celebrity blog in November of 2005 , the artist did n’t know how to type .
Yet he quickly became prolific , blogging 3,000 posts within three years .
“ Very soon , they started to regret it , ” Ai said of sina.com ’s decision to give him a prominent blog .
“ I started to write a lot — too much . ”
The blog , which quietly moved from the front page soon after Ai started , was deleted when Ai pushed the limits with a project to document all students killed in the 2008 Sichuan earthquake , a campaign that also earned him police visits and warnings ahead of the 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen crackdown .
Three blogs later , he ’s still writing .
Somewhat ironically , Ai is perhaps most widely known outside of China as the man who helped design the Bird ’s Nest — the Chinese National Stadium that became the symbol of the 2008 Olympics , even though he distanced himself from that long before the games began .
It now seems a fluke , a blip in Ai ’s long career as a gadfly .
Here in his studio , blogging away , he ’s clearly engaged , interested and challenged .
He grew up an outsider , his poet father Ai Qing banished to the western deserts during the Cultural Revolution .
It ’s a role that seems to suit him , but even he is n’t quite clear how he gets away with it .
Minutes after his Twitter post calling for an internet strike , journalists began calling him for comment .
Reaction among his blog readers is mixed , and news about the strike call has been scrubbed by censors from the most widely read sites .
( Though Ai may be striking a chord : According to his Twitter feed late Tuesday , he says his Fanfou account has been shut down . )
Ai himself is realistic about the odds of China ’s nearly 300 million internet users logging off for a day .
Many people , he said , do n’t understand the metaphor .
“ Chinese people are very practical , ” he says .
“ They think ‘ Oh , what ’s that going to do ? ’ ”
A comment on his blog bore that out , saying , “ I would love to support this with my action , but China is too big and a lot of people do n't care about the overall society . ”
Ai ’s point :
No matter how many people are involved , it ’s the simple act of defiance that matters more than ongoing arguments online .
“ It ’s an act , rather than just talk , ” he added .
“ A small act is worth a million thoughts .
“ It ’s a warm - up .
Let ’s see what we can do from there , ” he said .
Read more about China and the internet :
In China , this photo may be porn
Net censorship , propaganda on the rise
Would you want the government to read your mail ?
The leader of the Conservative party , David Cameron , speaks at the launch of the Conservative European Election Campaign , at St Mary 's chambers in Rossendale , northern England May 18 , 2009 REUTERS / Nigel Roddis
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The Conservatives are set for a landslide victory in national elections due within a year , the People newspaper said on Sunday , after the party extended an opinion poll lead .
The People ’s poll , conducted by YouGov , showed 40 percent support for the Conservatives , up 2 percentage points from a YouGov poll earlier in the week , while Prime Minister Gordon Brown ’s Labour Party was down 1 percentage point to 24 percent .
Support for the Liberal Democrats was also down 1 percentage point to 17 percent .
The People said this put the Conservatives on track to win 378 seats at the next elections , versus 199 seats for Labour and 42 for the Liberal Democrats , giving them a 137 - seat majority .
Labour have been particularly hard hit by a scandal involving legislators ’ expenses as well as party infighting that threatened to topple Brown , who hopes to regain the political initiative on Monday with a series of new policies .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton has called the charges “ baseless . ”
The United States government had demanded that the North forgo the legal proceedings and release the two women .
Image Euna Lee , top , and Laura Ling .
Credit ...
Yonhap / Associated Press
The sentencing came amid rising tensions between Washington and Pyongyang .
Earlier Monday , North Korea threatened to retaliate with “ extreme ” measures if the United Nations punished it for its nuclear test last month , and Washington warned that it might try to put the North back on its list of states that sponsor terrorism , a designation that could subject the impoverished state to more financial sanctions .
“ Our response would be to consider sanctions against us as a declaration of war and answer it with extreme hard - line measures , ” the North Korea ’s state - run newspaper , Rodong Sinmun , said in a commentary .
Ms. Ling and Ms. Lee were on a reporting assignment from Current TV , a San Francisco - based media company co-founded by Al Gore , the former vice president , when they were detained by the soldiers .
The reporters were working on a report about North Korean refugees  women and children  who had fled their homeland in hopes of finding food in China .
The circumstances surrounding their capture remain unclear .
Analysts said they were a pawn in a rapidly deteriorating confrontation between the United States and North Korea  a potential bargaining chip for the Pyongyang regime and a handicap for Washington in its efforts to pressure the government over its recent missile and nuclear tests .
Posted by Grandson under Humor
Tweet
Subject : The IRS and Grandpa
The IRS decides to audit Grandpa , and summons him to the
IRS office .
The IRS auditor was not surprised when Grandpa
showed up with his attorney .
The auditor said , ‘ Well , sir , you have an extravagant
lifestyle and no full - time employment , Which you explain by
saying that you win money gambling .
I ’m not sure the IRS
finds that believable .’
I ’m a great gambler , and I can prove it , ’ says
Grandpa .
‘ How about a demonstration ? ’
The auditor thinks for a moment and said , ‘ Okay .
Go
ahead . ’
Grandpa says , ‘ I ’ll bet you a thousand dollars that
I can bite my own eye . ’
The auditor thinks a moment and says , ‘ It ’s a
bet . ’
Grandpa removes his glass eye and bites it .
The
auditor ’s jaw drops .
Grandpa says , ‘ Now , I ’ll bet you two thousand
dollars that I can bite my other eye . ’
Now the auditor can tell Grandpa is n’t blind , so he
takes the bet .
Grandpa removes his dentures and bites his good eye .
The stunned auditor now realizes he has wagered and lost
three grand , with Grandpa ’s attorney as a witness .
He
starts to get nervous .
‘ Want to go double or nothing ? ’
Grandpa asks
‘ I ’ll bet you six thousand dollars that I can stand
on one side of your desk , and pee into that wastebasket on
the other side , and never get a drop anywhere in
between .’
The auditor , twice burned , is cautious now , but he looks
carefully and decides there ’s no way this old guy could
possibly manage that stunt , so he agrees again .
Grandpa stands beside the desk and unzips his pants , but
although he strains mightily , he ca n’t make the stream
reach the wastebasket on the other side , so he pretty much
urinates all over the auditor ’s desk .
The auditor leaps with joy , realizing that he has just
turned a major loss into a huge win .
But Grandpa ’s own attorney moans and puts his head in
his hands .
‘ Are you okay ? ’ the auditor asks .
‘ Not really , ’ says the attorney .
‘ This morning ,
when Grandpa told me he ’d been summoned for an audit , he
bet me twenty - five thousand dollars that he could come in
here and piss all over your desk and that you ’d be happy
about it !’
Do n’t Mess with Old People !!
You should follow Grandma on Twitter here
The leader of Minutemen American Defense ( MAD ) , a nativist extremist group that conducts vigilante patrols on the Arizona - Mexico border , was charged with two counts of first - degree murder Friday for her alleged role in the May 30 slayings of a Latino man and his 9 - year - old daughter in Pima County , Ariz .
MAD Executive Director Shawna Forde , 41 , allegedly orchestrated a home invasion robbery of a suspected narcotics trafficker because she was seeking drugs and cash to fund her group ’s vigilante operations , law enforcement authorities said .
The murders , including the killing of the child , were part of the plan , said Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik .
“ She ’s , at best , a psychopath , ” Dupnik said of Forde in comments quoted by the Green Valley News & Sun .
Also arrested were MAD Operations Director Jason Eugene “ Gunny ” Bush , 34 , the alleged triggerman in the murders , and Albert Robert Gaxiola , 42 , a local member of MAD .
Along with the two murder counts , Forde and her two associates were charged with one count of first - degree burglary and one count of aggravated assault .
MAD has been conducting vigilante patrols in southern Arizona since mid-May .
Sheriff Dupnik reportedly said that between the time of the killings and her arrest , Forde remained in the area “ still trying … to get together a large amount of money to further sophisticate the type of operation she ’s interested in . ”
Forde denied the charges against her .
“ No , I did not do it , ” she told reporters as she was led out of the Pima County Sheriff ’s Office .
According to investigators , Forde and at least two armed men broke into a trailer occupied by Arivaca , Ariz . , resident Raul Flores , his wife , and their daughter Brisenia .
Bush allegedly shot and killed Raul Flores and Brisenia before Flores ’ wife , who was also shot in the incident , returned fire , wounding Gaxiola .
It ’s unclear whether the alleged killers found any money or drugs .
Sheriff Dupnik called the alleged crime a “ home invasion where the plan was to kill all the people inside this trailer because they might be witnesses , and rob them . ”
Forde ’s arrest for double murder comes not long after her involvement in a bizarre series of violent incidents in her hometown of Everett , Wash .
They began last December when Forde ’s estranged husband was mysteriously shot in their home .
About a week later , on Dec. 29 , Forde reported that she ’d been the victim of a home invasion attack perpetrated by a trio of Spanish - speaking men who ambushed her in her kitchen , beat her unconscious , sexually assaulted her , and slashed the back of her neck with a knife .
( Forde posted a set of photos showing what she claimed were injuries she suffered during the attack . )
The following month , on Jan. 15 , Forde suffered a gunshot wound to her arm .
She told police that a strange man shot her in an alley two blocks from her home .
The Everett violence is still under investigation .
Workers are more productive when they are able to occasionally do non-work stuff online , researchers at the University of Melbourne have found .
Dr. Brent Coker studied the habits of 300 workers and found that the large majority engaged in what he calls " Workplace Internet Leisure Browsing " ( WILB ) — surfing the Internet for personal reasons .
But despite the common perception that such a behavior is a drain on employers , Coker says that these employees are able to focus better when performing tasks for work .
In his report , Coker said that 70 percent of workers engage in WILB , the most popular of which involved looking for information about products , reading news , playing games , and watching YouTube videos .
" People need to zone out for a bit to get back their concentration , " he said in a statement .
" Short and unobtrusive breaks , such as a quick surf of the internet , enables the mind to rest itself , leading to a higher total net concentration for a days work , and as a result , increased productivity . "
Do n't go thinking that you can now spend your entire day bidding on eBay auctions , however .
Coker said that — like everything — WILB should be done in moderation .
According to his research , those who surfed for less than 20 percent of their time at the office were more productive than those who do n't by nine percent , but such productivity increases did n't apply to the Internet - addicted .
Coker 's data casts a much more positive light on workplace Internet surfing than past reports .
A 2005 report from Websense — makers of Web filtering and blocking software — claimed that Web surfing at work was costing businesses almost $ 200 billion per year ( hmm , do you think those businesses could use some Web filtering software ? ) .
Then , network security firm Voco said in 2008 that 25 percent of people 's work time is spent doing personal things online , and that most bosses are totally unaware of it .
Voco did point out , however , that while some employees perform illegal activities ( such as downloading movies or music over P2P , not all personal Internet use was bad .
" Is it more time - efficient to let staff do their banking online than having them leave the office for half an hour ? "
Voco consultant Paul Hortop asked .
Indeed , for most people , being able to send off a quick Twitter update or check their Gmail helps them get little things done while taking a much - needed mental break .
For this reason , Coker says that firms should reconsider spending millions of dollars trying to block employees from using social networking sites and watching videos .
Now that this article is done , I 'm going to go tweet .
Further reading
By Reese Erlich
June 26 , 2009 -- Iran is not undergoing a ``Twitter Revolution ' ' .
The term simultaneously mischaracterizes and trivialises the important mass movement developing in Iran .
Here ’s how it all began .
The Iranian government prohibited foreign reporters from traveling outside Tehran without special permission , and later confined them to their hotel rooms and offices .
CNN and other cable networks were particularly desperate to find ways to show the large demonstrations and government repression .
So they turned to internet sites such as Facebook and Twitter in a frantic effort to get information .
Since reporters were getting most of their information from Tweets and You Tube video clips , the notion of a “ Twitter Revolution ” was born .
We reporters love a catch phrase and , Twitter being all a flutter in the West , it seemed to fit .
It ’s a catchy phrase but highly misleading .
First of all the vast majority of Iranians have no access to Twitter .
While reporting in Tehran , I personally did n’t encounter anyone who used it regularly .
A relatively small number of young , economically well off Iranians do use Twitter .
A larger number have access to the Internet .
However , in the beginning , most demonstrations were organised through word of mouth , mobile phone calls and text messaging .
But somehow “ Text Messaging Revolution ” does n’t have that modern , sexy ring , especially if you have to type it with your thumbs on a tiny keyboard .
More importantly , by focusing on the latest in Internet communications , cable TV networks intentionally or unintentionally characterise a genuine mass movement as something supported mainly by the Twittering classes .
I witnessed tens of thousands of mostly young people coming out into the streets in spontaneous campaign rallies in the days leading up to the election – most of whom had never heard of Twitter .
They shared a common joy not only campaigning for reformist Mirhossein Mousavi , but in being able to freely express themselves for the first time in many years .
When the government announced an overwhelming victory for hardliner Mahmoud Ahmadinejad only two hours after the polls closed , people became furious .
Over the next few days , hundreds of thousands of Iranians poured into the streets in Tehran and cities around the country .
They organised silent marches through word of mouth and phone calls since the government had shut down text messaging just prior to the election .
Contrary to popular perception , these gatherings included women in chadors , workers and clerics – not just the Twittering classes .
Spontaneous marches took place in south Tehran , a decidedly poorer section of town and supposedly a stronghold for Ahmadinejad .
Iranians initially protested what they perceived as massive vote fraud , but that quickly evolved as the protests grew in size and breadth .
In the week after the June 14 election , millions of Iranians vented 30 years of pent up anger at a repressive system .
Iranian youth particularly resented President Ahmadinejad ’s support for religious militia attacks on unmarried young men and women walking together and against women not covering enough hair with their hijab .
Workers resented the 24 per cent annual inflation that robbed them of real wage increases .
Independent trade unionists had been fighting for decent wages and for the right to organise .
Some demonstrators wanted a more moderate Islamic government .
Others advocated a separation of mosque and state , and a return to parliamentary democracy .
They are well aware that when Iran had a genuine parliamentary system under Prime Minister Mossadegh , the CIA overthrew it in 1953 in order to promote the Shah as dictator .
I did n’t meet any Iranians calling for US intervention ; that ’s strictly a debate inside the Washington beltway .
Some Iranian friends have asked me why Supreme Leader Sayyed Ali Khamenei would throw his support behind Ahmadinejad when his presidency was so clearly damaging the country at home and abroad .
Initially , Khamenei supported the president because they share common ideological and political positions .
Later , the top clerical leaders saw the mass movement that coalesced around Mousavi ’s campaign as a direct threat to government stability and their future rule .
Since June 21 , the top clerics , military and intelligence services have mobilised their entire apparatus to crush the movement for social and economic change .
The mass movement that sprang forth in the past few weeks has been 30 years in coming .
It ’s not a Twitter Revolution , nor even a “ velvet revolution ” like those in Eastern Europe .
It ’s a genuine Iranian mass movement made up of students , workers , women and middle - class folks .
It may not be strong enough to topple the system today but is sowing the seeds for future struggles .
[ Reese Erlich is a freelance journalist and author from the United States .
His books include the 2003 best - seller , Target Iraq : What the News Media Didn't Tell You , 2007 's The Iran Agenda : The Real Story of US Policy and the Middle - East Crisis , and his newest release Dateline Havana : The Real Story of US Policy and the Future of Cuba .
He has produced many radio documentaries , including a series hosted by Walter Cronkite . ]
HAVING won re-election amid allegations of fraud , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad yesterday tried to show that he also controlled the streets where the Khomeinist regime first seized power in the 1979 revolution .
The show was less than impressive .
Despite efforts by the Ansar Hezbollah ( Militants of the Party of God ) and security services to manufacture a large crowd , the massive Maydan Vali-Asr ( Hidden Imam Square ) was unfilled .
The official news agency put the number at " several hundred thousands " while eyewitnesses reported tens of thousands .
Even then , scuffles broke out on the fringes of the crowd as groups of dissidents tried to force their way in with cries of Marg bar diktator !
( death to the dictator ) .
That slogan may be on its way to replacing the normal greeting of salaam ( peace ) in parts of urban Iran .
No one knows exactly how much electoral fraud took place .
The entire process was tightly controlled by the Ministry of Interior under Sadeq Mahsouli , a general of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards and a senior aide to Ahmadinejad .
There was no independent election commission , no secret balloting , no observers to supervise the counting of the votes , and no mechanism for verification .
It is impossible to know how many people voted and for whom .
Ahmadinejad was credited with more votes than anyone in Iran 's history .
If the results are to be believed , he won in all 30 provinces , and among all social and age categories .
His three rivals , all dignitaries of the regime , were humiliated by losing even in their own home towns .
This was an unprecedented result even for the Islamic Republic , where elections have always been carefully scripted charades .
Many in Tehran , including leading clerics , see the exercise as a putsch by the military - security organs that back Ahmadinejad .
Several events make these allegations appear credible .
The state - owned Fars News Agency declared Ahmadinejad to have won with a two - thirds majority even before the first official results had been tabulated by the Interior Ministry .
Ahmadinejad 's main rival , former prime minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi , retaliated by declaring himself the winner .
That triggered a number of street demonstrations , followed with statements by prominent political and religious figures endorsing Mousavi 's claim .
Then something unprecedented happened .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who has the last word on all issues of national life , published a long statement hailing Ahmadinejad 's " historic victory " as " a great celebration " .
This was the first time since 1989 , when he became Supreme Leader , that Khamenei commented on the results of a presidential election without waiting for the publication of official results .
Some analysts in Tehran tell me the military - security elite , now controlling the machinery of the Iranian state , persuaded Khamenei to make the move .
A detailed study of Khamenei's text reveals a number of anomalies .
It is longer than his usual statements and full of expressions that he has never used before .
The praise he showers on Ahmadinejad is simply too much .
The question arises : did someone use the Supreme Leader as a rubber stamp for a text written by Ahmadinejad himself ?
With Khamenei 's intervention , Ahmadinejad 's three defeated rivals are unlikely to contest the results of the election beyond lodging formal protests to the Council of the Guardians , a 12 - mullah body that has the legal duty of endorsing the final results .
Buoyed by his victory , Ahmadinejad has already served notice that he intends to pursue his radical policies with even greater vigour .
At yesterday 's rally , he promised to pass a law enabling him to bring " the godfathers of corruption " to justice .
His entourage insists that former presidents Hashemi Rafsanjani and Mohammed Khatami , and former parliament speaker Nateq Nouri may be among the first to fall in a massive purge of the ruling elite .
It is too early to guess whether these dignitaries would march to the metaphorical gallows without a fight .
Even if they fight , they are unlikely to win .
Nevertheless , Rafsanjani , Khatami and other targeted mullahs could influence others who wish to prevent a complete seizure of power by Ahmadinejad 's military - security clique , which is determined to replace the Shia clergy as the nation 's ruling elite .
Nor is it at all certain that Khamenei would stand by and watch his power eroded by a rising elite .
Ahmadinejad also plans to seize the assets of hundreds of mullahs and their business associates for redistribution among the poor .
In his speech at his victory rally he promised to " dismantle the network of corruption , " and vowed never to negotiate about Iran 's nuclear program with any foreign power : " That file is shut , forever , " he said .
Ahmadinejad 's victory has several immediate consequences .
First , it should kill the illusion that the Khomeinist regime is capable of evolution towards moderation .
Ahmadinejad sees Iran as a vehicle for a messianic global revolution .
Second , the election eliminates the elements within the regime - men such as Mousavi and Mahdi Karrubi ( another of the three unsuccessful candidates who ran against Ahmadinejad ) - who have pursued the idea of keeping the theocracy intact while giving it a veneer of democratic practice .
According to a statement published yesterday by Mostafa Tajzadeh , a former deputy interior minister who was among 132 anti-Ahmadinejad activists arrested over the weekend , the regime 's " loyal opposition " would now have to reconsider its loyalty .
With Iranian Gorbachev wannabes such as Khatami and Mousavi discredited , advocates of regime change such as former interior minister Abdullah Nouri and former Tehran University chancellor Muhammad Sheybani look set to attract a good segment of the opposition within the establishment .
Ahmadinejad 's victory has the merit of clarifying the situation within the Islamic Republic .
The choice is now between a repressive regime based on a bizarre and obscurantist ideology and the prospect of real change and democratisation .
There is no halfway house .
The same clarity may apply to Tehran 's foreign policy .
Believing that he has already defeated the US , Ahmadinejad will be in no mood for compromise .
Moments after his victory he described the US as a " crippled creature " and invited President Barack Obama to a debate at the UN General Assembly , ostensibly to examine " the injustice done by world arrogance to Muslim nations " .
Iran 's neighbours are unlikely to welcome Ahmadinejad 's re-election .
He has reactivated pro-Iranian groups in a number of Arab countries , notably Saudi Arabia , Kuwait and Bahrain .
He is determined to expand Tehran 's influence in Afghanistan and Iraq , especially as the US retreats .
He has also made it clear that he intends to help the Lebanese Hezbollah strengthen its position as a state within the state and a vanguard in the struggle against Israel .
Even Latin America is likely to receive Ahmadinejad 's attention .
The first foreign leader to phone to congratulate the re-elected Iranian leader was Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez , whose " brotherly message " received headline treatment from the state - controlled media in Tehran .
Later this year , Ahmadinejad plans to attend the summit of the non-aligned movements in Cairo to claim its leadership , according to Iran 's official news agency , with a message of " unity against the American Great Satan " and its allies in the region .
Buoyed by his dubious victory , Ahmadinejad appears itching for a fight on two fronts .
He thinks he can have his way at home and abroad .
As usual in history , hubris may turn out to be his undoing .
Amir Taheri 's new book , The Persian Night : Iran Under the Khomeinist Revolution is published by Encounter Books .
Source : The Australian
[ Note : This blog post is out of date .
For up to date information on Dojo Offline , Dojo Storage , and Moxie please see the official web page . ]
one day
all
Cookie Storage Provider - uses cookies to persist the hash table
Flash Storage Provider - uses Flash 's SharedObjects to persist data
ActiveX Storage Provider - uses COM's File APIs to persist data
XPCOM Storage Provider - uses XPCOM's File APIs to persist data
Form Storage Provider - uses the text autosave features of a hidden form to save transient data ( the Really Simple History library uses this trick )
WHAT WG Storage Provider - uses native browser persistence to store data , as defined by the WHAT Working Group .
IE Storage Provider - uses IE 's proprietary abilities to store up to 60 K of data .
< div id =" storageValue " dojoType= " Editor "
items =" textGroup ;;blockGroup ; ;
justifyGroup;;colorGroup ; ;
listGroup ;;indentGroup ; ;
linkGroup ; " >
Click Here to Begin Editing
</div >
dojo.require ( " dojo.dom " ) ;
dojo.require ( " dojo.event . * " ) ;
dojo.require ( " dojo.html " ) ;
dojo.require ( " dojo.fx . * " ) ;
dojo.require ( " dojo.widget.Editor " ) ;
dojo.require ( " dojo.storage . * " ) ;
if(dojo.storage.manager.isInitialized ( ) == false ) {
dojo.event.connect(dojo.storage .manager ,
" loaded " , Moxie ,
Moxie.initialize ) ;
}else {
dojo.event.connect ( dojo , " loaded " ,
Moxie ,
Moxie.initialize ) ;
}
var results = dojo.storage.get ( key ) ;
try {
dojo.storage.put ( key , value ,
saveHandler ) ;
}catch ( exp ) {
alert ( exp ) ;
}
dojo.storage .SUCCESS
- Saving was successful
dojo.storage .FAILED
- User denied storage request
dojo.storage .PENDING
-
The user is being prompted with some UI on whether to approve this storage request
var saveHandler = function ( status , keyName ) {
if( status == dojo.storage.PENDING ) {
// ...
}else if ( status == dojo.storage.FAILED ) {
// ...
}else if ( status == dojo.storage.SUCCESS ) {
// ...
}
}
try {
dojo.storage.put ( key , value ,
saveHandler ) ;
}catch ( exp ) {
alert ( exp ) ;
}
dojo.flash .
Info -
Is Flash available + what version of Flash ?
dojo.flash .Embed - Embeds
Flash into page for Flash + JS communication
dojo.flash .Communicator - Provides uniform , fast , reliable , JS +
Flash communication
dojo.flash .
Install - Uniform installation and upgrading of Flash
DojoExternalInterface.initialize( ) ;
DojoExternalInterface.addCallback ( " put " ,
this , put ) ;
DojoExternalInterface.addCallback ( " get " ,
this , get ) ;
DojoExternalInterface.addCallback ( " remove " ,
this ,
remove ) ;
DojoExternalInterface.loaded ( ) ;
Using LiveConnect / ActiveX + fscommands - Flash 6
Pro : Extremely fast , can send very large data , mature
Con : Only works on IE and Firefox Using ExternalInterface - Flash 8
Pro : Easy to use , Works on Safari
Con : Unbelievably slow , performance degrades O( n ^ 2 ) , serious serialization bugs getURL / LocalConnection / New Flash object for each call - Flash 7
Pro : Very cross platform
Cons : Destroys history , serious data size limitations and performance issues
We chunk method call data into many different small calls through ExternalInterface ,
which makes performance linear rather than O( n ^ 2 ) , which is what the standard External Interface 's performance is .
which makes performance linear rather than O( n ^ 2 ) , which is what the standard External Interface 's performance is .
I used a debugger to find hidden JS serialization methods used by the Flash plugin , which internally uses XML serialization and made all sorts of mistakes in terms of serializing characters - for example , it does n't escape characters and also uses eval ( ) so its slow as dirt .
I found a way to bypass this internal serialization , do it all manually , and make the method call myself using an undocumented JS function .
I now double encode and decode all XML characters on both sides :
& --> &&
This is very important for persisting XML , and I did lots of testing around this to catch every single problem character ( including nulls , for example )
minutes
after
Etag
Last - Modified
Expires
Cache - Control
LoadModule expires_module modules/mod_expires.so
< Directory " c:/dev/dojo / " >
ExpiresActive On
ExpiresDefault " access plus 1 month "
</ Directory >
I 'm proud to announce the immediate availability of dojo. storage and a new web - based editor named Moxie .
Imagine if web applications could store megabytes of data on the client - side , in the browser , both persistently and securely .
No server needed .
Imagine if web applications could work offline with the click of a button .
Want to access your web based word processor when you are not on the network , with your private files stored privately , right on your own machine and not on some server ?
Now you can .
Even better , imagine if all of this worked across the existing web ; 95 % of the existing browsers on the web could start using these features right now , with no software installs or funky new browsers .
What could you build if you had these tools ?
How about a truly collaborative , web - based word processor with client - side storage for your private documents , as well as offline access ?
Maybe an Ajax RSS aggregator with client - side caching of the feeds you read and offline access ?
An offline , web - based book reader using data from the Internet Archive 's Open Library would be cool .
This is the vision , and now the reality , of dojo. storage .
For years I 've been tinkering and prototyping to see if it was possible to achieve both persistent client - side storage as well as offline access across the existing installed browser base , cross- platform and cross - browser ; there were many times I thought it was impossible , but I kept at it because it was an obsession I wanted to see exist .
For the last eight months I have worked on it for at least two or three days a week , on my off days when I am not working for my consulting clients .
Also , a few months ago , Julien Couvreur had a breakthrough when he figured out the HTTP header to send from a server to achieve offline access .
I 've finally finished ; dojo.storage is now done , in beta , and fully open source under a business - friendly BSD license .
I 've put together an example application to show dojo. storage called Moxie , a web - based word processor with persistent , client - side storage , no server , and full offline access .
It is open source and is in the Dojo repository .
It works across the big three browsers : Internet Explorer 6 + , Firefox , and Safari ..
Use the rich editing control to enter a document , type in a file name , and select the Save button .
If the document is above 100 K , you will be prompted on whether to accept this storage request ; user 's can deny storage requests above 100K .
Choose the file from the Load File pull down to reload the file , even if you have closed the browser .
Follow the directions on the page on how to do offline access .
I 've done a bunch of QA around all of this , but the dojo. storage framework I created that powers this is still in beta ; if you run into a bug or problem email me at bkn3@columbia.edu with the details .
Moxie was put together inusing the power of the Dojo framework ; it uses Dojo Widgets ( the rich editing control ) ; Dojo Events ; and the newest member of the Dojo team , Dojo Storage .
What is dojo.storage ?
Dojo.storage is a unified API to provide JavaScript applications with storage .
It is a generic front - end to be able to provideJavaScript applications a consistent API for their storage needs , whether this JavaScript is in a browser , a Firefox plugin , an ActiveX control , using Windows Scripting Host , etc .
Further , the storage backends can use whatever mechanism is appropriate ; dojo.storage automagically detects its environment and available storage options and selects the most appropriate one .
You might have heard about AMASS , the Ajax MAssive Storage System , and are wondering about the relationship of AMASS and dojo. storage .
AMASS was a proof - of - concept prototype of Flash based storage I released in October 2005 .
It was not widely QAed and only worked in Firefox and IE .
Dojo.storage now supersedes and replaces AMASS .
The dojo.storage architecture is simple ; a JavaScript application interacts with the Dojo Storage Manager , which selects the best available Storage Provider and makes it available .
Storage Providers implement a generic interface , which makes the underlying storage system look like a simple hash table that can be saved and loaded from .
Storage provider can optionally be persistent , and can provide metadata about their capabilities ( isPersistent , has SettingsUI , getMaximumSize , etc. )
Some possible storage providers : Right now the dojo. storage system includes one provider , the Flash Storage Provider ; others are not implemented yet but should be straightforward if folks want to contribute .
The Flash Storage Provider uses features available since Flash 6 , including Flash's SharedObject ' s. Why Flash ?
Flash now has a greater installed base than Internet Explorer ; Flash 6 + has a 97.1 % penetration across the installed base of PCs , while IE 5 , 6 , and 7 have 64.7 % .
Flash is probably one of the most installed pieces of software on the planet .
The Flash Storage Provider uses Flash as a hidden runtime to extend the browser , because of its ubiquity and cross- platform / cross - browser qualities .
When browsers get native persistence support , your dojo. storage applications will continue to run since you write them against the generic dojo. storage APIs .
I 'm going to quickly take you through Moxie , to show you how to use dojo. storage to build applications .
Moxie has two files : editor.html and editor.js .
It has a singleton JS object named Moxie , which you can see if you look at the editor .js file .
It 's HTML is straightforward , except for one thing : we use the Dojo Editor Widget , which we specify in HTML as follows :
The items attribute tells the Editor widget what toolbars we want visible , and the between them says to put a seperator between them .
The next big step , inside edit.js , is to import our packages , including dojo. storage ; this is at the top of the file : Next , at the bottom of the file , we subscribe to find out when the storage system is ready for us to work with it ; we can not load or save values until the underlying storage provider is ready .
In this case we want to call Moxie.initialize when storage is ready ; if by the off chance it is already ready when we get to this code block , then we want to wait until the page is fully loaded before working with it :
When we are all loaded up , we can start to play with the storage system .
For example , to load a value that was previously saved with some key , we just do the following : To save some value : Value can be a string or even a complicated JS object ; we internally JSON everything before storing it as a flat string , and turn it back into an object on later retrieval .
Dojo.storage actually does some nifty autodetection if it is working with strings , to avoid the JSON performance hit of evaling ( ) and bypass this , which gives much better performance for storing large strings into storage , like XML files or digital books as you will see in a later demo in this post .
Notice the saveHandler above ; a storage system can optionally ask the user if they want to accept or deny your storage request , so you must be ready for a save request to fail .
saveHandler is a callback function that receives two arguments .
The first is the status , which can be one of three values :
The second argument is the keyName that is being saved ; since saving is asynchronous , it is sometimes useful to know which key is being worked with on the callback .
The Flash Storage Provider pops up an underlying Flash storage dialog to the user after 100K , and every order of magnitude increase after that :
Here 's an example saveHandler :
There is more to the code , but those are the important bits in terms of understanding dojo. storage .
It 's pretty straightforward to use .
I 'll briefly describe dojo .
flash here , which is the layer that seperates out JS and Flash communication .
Cross - browser , fast , reliable JS +
Flash communication is really hard and ugly , so I encapsulated this portion out into it 's own layer .
The great thing is you do n't have to know any of this externally ; dojo .
flash and dojo.storage work together to figure out your Flash capabilities , and use the appropriate mechanism internally .
Zero hassle .
Dojo. flash provides several major services : dojo.flash .Communicator was the real doozy to create ; it was a pain in the butt , to put it lightly .
This area of the system provides a method abstraction between Flash + JS .
For example , JavaScript can call sayHello( ) , which is some Flash method , while Flash can execute DojoExternalInterface.call ( " dojo.storage.save " , resultsHandler ) to run some JS method .
The heart is something called DojoExternalInterface , which is a backport of Flash 8 's ExternalInterface to Flash 6 .
I did n't want to create this backport , but the complexity of handling all the internal tricks I was doing to make this stuff work required that I wrap this magic in some kind of maintainable API .
DojoExternalInterface makes it possible to register Flash methods that can be called from JavaScript :
There are three ways to do Flash + JS communication :
Only methods 1 and 2 are acceptable for the Flash Storage Providers needs .
It turns out that we use method 1 for IE and Firefox , and method 2 , ExternalInterface , for Safari .
I found workarounds to fix ExternalInterface 's serious bugs , so that it works on Safari and is fast and serializes correctly , but these workarounds only work on Safari .
The Flash 8 communication support for Safari took 3 months to figure out ; pain in the behind .
I wo n't go into detail on the method and workarounds , but here is a bit of info on the workarounds :
With these workarounds , performance and reliability on Safari are great .
Unfortunately , these workarounds only work on Safari , so we can't use External Interface cross browser .
Check out this testing page , which provides a lower level interface to dojo. storage ; there are quick links on the left to fully save an entire book into the storage system , in this case Faust by Goethe at 250 k courtesy of Project Gutenberg ; there is also a quick link to save an example RSS XML feed into the storage , in this case an atom feed from my weblog .
Try this on Safari ; in the past it tookand froze the machine to save the book , now it takes seconds .
I wo n't go into the Flash 6 communication necessary for IE and Firefox support ; there were lots of fun different things that had to be figured out , like how to center the Flash dialog even if you are across many different kinds of HTML doctypes , browsers , and platforms , or isolating timing issues like the fact that the fscommand infrustructure on some versions of IE comes upyour Flash applet is already running .
dojo .
flash was really hard to make , but I tried to isolate the pain into that module so that it is encapsulated and ready for folks to use .
Externally its easy , internally it was hell .
Dojo.storage has had lots of what I call poor - mans QA testing , which means I went to coffee shops and Kinkos , paid them money , and used their machines to test all of this code ; I also begged random people to go to the pages and saw how it works .
I 've spent a bunch of money and done alot of QA testing , but this is still beta ; if you find a bug or have something wierd email me your browser and platform details at bkn3@columbia.edu
For offline , Julien Couvreur discovered the necessary HTTP headers .
The core part of it is to use HTTP caching ; your site must have the following kinds of HTTP headers on : Etags and Last - Modified are on by default on Apache 2.0 ; the rest have to be turned on in httpd.conf with mod_expires :
The page is now in the browser cache after the first access .
In IE and Firefox , the user has to go to File > Work Offline to work offline , and then can simply just navigate to the app's URL .
In Safari , this is not necessary , and you can just go to the URL .
I like to provide a link that can be dragged to the toolbar .
The offline and dojo. storage work together , because whether you are offline or online you can access the same persistent storage , saving data while offline then syncing when online .
Expect a dojo. offline and dojo.sync in the future that will provide abstractions for common operations like this .
I 'm looking for financial sponsors on this if you are interested .
Dojo.storage is in beta and is inside the Dojo Subversion now .
It will be bundled with the next release of Dojo , including with Moxie , but you can download it now .
Links :
If you try out dojo. storage and run into problems , remember that I did this all for free and make my money and food from consulting , so I 'm not available to provide free support ; please consider a consulting contract .
I do want bug reports though .
