NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Stock market players are clamoring for the Fed to cut interest rates , hoping that such a move by the central bank will rescue listing credit markets and restore investors ’ shaken confidence .
A street sign is seen in front of an American flag hanging on the front of the New York Stock Exchange August 9 , 2007 .
Stock market players are clamoring for the Fed to cut interest rates , hoping that such a move by the U.S. central bank will rescue listing credit markets and restore investors ' shaken confidence .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
They should be careful what they ask for .
If history ’s any guide , a rate cut by the Fed could sound the death knell for the bull market ’s run from late 2002 .
At best , the cut in the Fed ’s benchmark rate would be seen as underscoring the central bank ’s intent to do everything it can to ease anxiety in the financial markets .
But to other investors , it may signal growing unease about slowing economic growth inside the Fed , whose policy - setters had until recently made fighting inflation the core of their policy thrust .
A cut would also show that losses stemming from the U.S. subprime sector have seeped deeper into the broader economy , causing the Fed to want to forestall the prospect for an even sharper slowdown , analysts said .
But as the turmoil from the subprime sector grows , what ’s deemed good for credit markets may not be so good for stocks .
“ People are taking it for granted that the rate cut will help the stock market , ” said Rajeev Dhawan , director of the Economic Forecasting Center at the J. Mack Robinson College of Business in Atlanta , Georgia .
“ If the Fed cut , ” he said , “ that would mean it ’s really admitting that the economy is weak ... so why should stocks ” head higher ?
The Fed ’s policy - setting committee is scheduled to meet and pronounce its decision on interest rates on Sept 18 .
The Fed has left its benchmark fed funds rate target unchanged at 5.25 percent since late June 2006 .
Even before that September meeting , some investors are growing optimistic about a likely cut in the Fed ’s benchmark rate .
But not everyone sees such a move as a panacea as the housing market stalls further .
ROOM FOR SURPRISES
A cut in the Fed ’s discount rate at which it lends to banks and its statement that “ tighter credit conditions and increased uncertainty have the potential to restrain economic growth going forward ” nonetheless showed on Friday that the latest upheaval in the credit markets has given authorities room to surprise or to swiftly change course when needed .
As such , the biggest test for stock investors in the coming days , analysts say , would be interpreting each action that the Fed takes as authorities keep their policy toolbox close at hand .
“ I think a cut in interest rates is inevitable and the right thing to do .
I think most people in this business will probably tell you that , ” said Warren Simpson , managing director at Stephens Capital Management , in Little Rock , Arkansas .
But would a fed funds rate cut make the stock market go higher ?
“ There ’s no guarantee that it would , ” said Liz Ann Sonders , chief investment strategist at Charles Schwab & Co. , based in San Francisco , California .
“ The most recent experience ( a series of cuts that started in January 2001 ) was quite disastrous , ” she said .
“ Ultimately , it depends on the health of the overall economy . ”
Market data shows that the Fed ’s rate cuts in the wake of the 2001 recession coincided with or spawned underperformance of stocks as economic malaise persisted .
As soon as the Fed moved to raise rates , starting in June 2004 , U.S. stocks charged ahead , adding fuel to a bull rally that as recently as last month propelled the S&P 500 .SPX and the Dow Jones industrial average .
DJI to records .
Research from Birinyi Associates Inc , based in Connecticut , shows that on average , the stock market had already begun to rebound in the month before a cut by the Federal Reserve .
Average performance of the S&P 500 shows a gain of 2.46 percent , a month before a surprise Fed cut , and a 2.76 percent jump for the Dow Jones industrial average in that period .
On the day of the change , the Dow showed an average gain of 1.9 percent and the S&P 500 an increase of 2.52 percent .
So if and when the Fed rate cut comes , the stock market could already have priced in the worst - case scenario for the economy , making it likely that it could try to defy recent history and actually head higher despite the cut .
“ You have mixed messages .
Everybody wants to have a rate cut , but at the same time , if you do have one it ’s symbolic of deeper problems , ” said Cleveland Rueckert , market analyst at Birinyi Associates .
“ It ’s hard to tell whether people underestimated the fallout from the subprime mortgage sector or they are overreacting to the attention that it ’s gotten . ”
By Kim Griggs
Science reporter , Wellington
The disease has had a devastating impact on frog populations ( Conservation Int / D. Church )
Chloramphenicol , currently used as an eye ointment for humans , may be a lifesaver for the amphibians , they say .
The researchers found frogs bathed in the solution became resistant to the killer disease , chytridiomycosis .
The fungal disease has been blamed for the extinction of one - third of the 120 species lost since 1980 .
Fearful that chytridiomycosis might wipe out New Zealand 's critically endangered Archey 's frog ( Leiopelma archeyi ) , the researchers have been hunting for a compound that would kill off the disease 's trigger , the fungus Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis .
We are losing an awful lot of these creatures now and if we do n't do something intelligent , then we 're going to lose an awful lot more
Professor Russell Poulter ,
Researcher
They tested the chloramphenicol candidate on two species introduced to New Zealand from Australia : the brown tree frog ( Litoria ewingii ) and the southern bell frog ( L. raniformis ) .
" We found that we could cure them completely of chytrids , " said Phil Bishop from the University of Otago .
" And even when they were really sick in the control group , we managed to bring them back almost from the dead . "
" You could put them on their back and they just would n't right themselves , they would just lie there .
You could then treat them with chloramphenicol and they would come right , " Dr Bishop explained .
But the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) expressed caution at the news .
Wildlife epidemiologist Dr Trent Garner said there would be reluctance to take up chloramphenicol as a solution , certainly in Europe and North America , because of the chemical 's link to harmful side - effects in humans .
Captive solution
The NZ researchers tried using chloramphenicol as both an ointment , applied to the frogs ' backs , and as a solution .
They found that placing the animals in the solution delivered the best results .
The team has admitted it was surprised by the outcome .
" You do n't usually expect antibiotics to do anything to fungi at all .
And it does .
We do n't understand why it does , but it does , " said Russell Poulter .
WHAT ARE AMPHIBIANS ?
Group includes frogs , toads , salamanders and caecilians
First true amphibians evolved about 250 m years ago Adapted to many different aquatic and terrestrial habitats Present today on every continent except Antarctica Undergo metamorphosis , from larvae to adults
The scientists are now making their research widely known ahead of formal publication in a science journal because of the pressing need for a safe and effective treatment for the chytrid disease .
The blow that chytrid has dealt to the frog population is already immense .
The disease has probably accounted for one - third of all the losses in amphibian species to date , says Professor Rick Speare , an expert in amphibian diseases who works with the University of Otago 's frog research group .
These losses are huge - and this is in addition to other threats such as habitat destruction , climate change , pollution and hunting .
Since 1980 , more than 120 amphibian species have disappeared ; and according to the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums , in the near future many more species are in danger of vanishing .
AMPHIBIANS : THE ASSESSMENT Conservation Int/ D. Church
Amphibians in deep trouble
But a hopeful finding is that the introduced frogs that have been infected with chytrids are now more resistant to further infections .
" We have n't quite understood how that could happen , " said Dr Bishop .
" It might be a natural thing ; if a frog survives a chytrid infection then it is resistant when it gets attacked again . "
The researchers believe that zoos now will have more options , either to be able to control an outbreak or to rescue infected frogs from the wild , knowing that they can be cured .
The next challenge the research team has set itself is to find a treatment that will work in the wild .
" I would really feel quite satisfied if we could say , 10 years from now , that you have to be careful walking around [ Australia 's ]
Kosiuszko National Park or you might tread on a corroboree frog because they 're all over the place , " said Professor Poulter .
" I would take real satisfaction from that . "
However , just how widely chloramphenicol might be adopted is open to debate .
EU and US authorities are concerned the drug may cause aplastic anaemia in humans .
" It is a banned substance ; in particular , it is controlled where it comes into contact with food sources , " commented Dr Garner from ZSL .
" There are other antifungals that are being piloted and some are looking promising .
Treating infection in amphibians is possible , but determining if there are any side - effects takes time .
Also , how you apply an antifungal at the individual , the population and the species level is a whole set of questions which needs to be addressed . "
A car is filled with gas at a Gulf station in Manhasset , New York October 30 , 2007 .
A German man forgot his car after filling it up at a petrol station , police said Friday .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - A German man forgot his car after filling it up at a petrol station , police said Friday .
“ He just forgot about it and walked off home , ” said a spokesman for police in the western city of Wuppertal .
After the car had sat blocking the pump for about an hour , a woman working at the petrol station became suspicious and alerted authorities .
Officers contacted the 63 - year - old from Remscheid , who came straight back to fetch the vehicle .
He had paid to fill up the car before walking off .
And her ire is apparently not confined to staff .
“ Listen .
She can be very , very abrasive .
At him ! ” says a close friend .
There have been blowups , say those who have witnessed them , and obtuse demands .
Some years ago on a plane to Japan , Judith became so angry at her husband , says a close Giuliani friend , that Rudy , who “ could n’t take it anymore , ” moved to the back of the aircraft , switching places with an advance man .
In a massive Baden - Baden hotel suite five years ago , an observer tells me , a loud quarrel erupted when Judith pointedly denied one of her husband ’s requests .
She refused to remove her toiletries case from a bedroom reserved for a policeman , claiming it would be bothersome , since the case was already unpacked .
In Mexico , I am told , at a time when security was very tight and armored S.U.V. ’s were deemed necessary , she asked her husband to leave the car to retrieve a bag of health bars she had mislaid .
There are also , of late , large expenses : a Palm Beach house Rudy bought for the elder Stishes , and other lavish purchases by Judith .
Around New
York , reporters are hearing that she recently spent $ 40,000 in a week .
“ Driving him crazy ” is the phrase used .
In the ladies ’ room , observers got a glimpse of the real Judith .
There have been public missteps as well .
In April , for example , she spoke before fellow Republicans of her unrivaled ability “ to pick up the phone as Judith Giuliani ” to get charitable contributions , at which point the tabloids made a meal of what they perceived to be her vainglory .
However , it was clearly a phrase that came from Judith ’s heart : a tribute less to herself than to the clout of her husband , to whom she is indebted for whatever power she holds , for however long she holds it .
The position of “ Mrs. Giuliani ” has not historically been a secure post .
Although the candidate has lately been warned by advisers to avoid any hint of scandal , there is a sense that perhaps he is not listening .
“ Does a leopard change its spots ? ” says one close friend .
Recently , Starr Shephard , a Texan who informs me she used to be on the “ U.S. world team of rhythmic twirling gymnastics , ” emerged in The National Enquirer , which ran a story suggesting she might be a Giuliani love interest .
“ I am not having an affair with Rudy Giuliani .
I do not need a political power stick , ” the 36 - year - old redhead says when I call her .
“ I believe in his vision and his voice even if I do not believe in his family . ”
“ What do you mean by that ? ” I wonder .
“ Oh , you know , you hear things about his family , ” she replies .
“ God Bless America for his power , ” Shephard writes on MySpace .
Beneath a photo of herself and Rudy there is a promise that he will “ advance our one nation under God . ”
Naturally , Judith is on her guard .
“ And who are you ? ” she inquired of an attractive and prominent Republican woman who embraced her husband during a chance encounter in a New York restaurant .
The woman marvels at such behavior .
( “ I felt like saying , ‘ Really , it ’s O.K . !
I love my husband ! ’ ” she recalls . )
But who can blame Judith ?
“ They ’re all there to stay , ” says Papir .
“ Until they ’re gone .
And the staff usually knows before they do .
And we hear the footsteps . ”
There have been other moments of vulnerability .
At the close of the May Republican debate , Judith leapt onstage eagerly , her face beaming with delight .
Giuliani , it was noted , appeared strangely disconcerted .
“ It did not look like he was happy to see her .
It looked to me like he was estranged , ” says Barrett .
“ He was cold . ”
It was in the ladies ’ room before the event that observers got a telling glimpse of the real Judith .
She had gone there to touch up her makeup when some of her husband ’s staff informed her Giuliani was in the vicinity , walking by .
“ He ’s out there !
Coming by ! ” repeated Judith , her voice tense with excitement .
And then a plea : “ Tell him to wait for me ! ”
Judy Bachrach is a Vanity Fair contributing editor .
As I admitted in our recent Thanksgiving article , I love next - generation display technologies like E Ink .
And I hate it when specialists get up in arms over a popular misappropriation / redefinition of one of their pet technical terms ( e.g. , " well actually , you ignorant rube , the Mahler symphony that 's currently playing is a piece of late romantic — not ' classical ' — music " ) .
But these feelings notwithstanding , I firmly believe that the term " e- book " is an unfortunate misnomer and that the newly launched Kindle 's pretentious positioning as a modern reinvention of the book is just hype and hyperbole .
It 's also indicative of a general ignorance that most of us who live in the electronic age have about the elaborate , collaboratively developed information architecture of the technology that we often refer to as " dead tree . "
In short , electronic " books " are nothing of the sort , and if Kindle aims to be an electronic substitute ( replacement ? ) for the " book , " then it has missed the mark by a mile .
The basic problem with the current e-book + reader combination is twofold : the single - page format , and the lack of ready markup and annotation features .
Format : books versus documents
From the very beginning of bookmaking down to the modern era , calligraphers and typographers have designed books to be read in facing - page format .
The density of the type , the size of the margins , the arrangement of diagrams and captions and headings — all of the visual elements of the printed page are put together by a bookmaker into a composition that 's designed to be taken in as a complete , two - page whole .
To display a book like Gutenberg 's first Bible by offering the viewer only one page at a time is like displaying the Mona Lisa by showing the top half first , then the bottom half .
In other words , e-book readers that show one page at a time are presenting to the reader a piece of functional art that has been mutilated and crippled .
The solution to this problem is obvious and straightforward : design all e-book readers to display pairs of pages in the traditional , facing - page format in which books were designed to be read .
Sure , it would cost more money , but there are those of us who would pay more to read books using new technology as opposed to flipping back and forth through mere multipage documents .
Neither a real book , nor a real book replacement , all Gutenberg pretensions aside .
This may seem like the nitpick of an aesthetic purist , but spend some time with a well - laid - out book , especially one with illustrations , like Robert Bringhurst 's The Elements of Typographic Style , and you 'll begin to get a feel for what I mean .
And if you take some time to compare and contrast a work like this with a typographic trainwreck like D.C. Greetham 's Textual Scholarship : an Introduction , then you 'll come to appreciate the difference between a " book " and " a stack of printed documents bound together on one side . "
The contrast between Greetham 's book , which is marred from cover to cover by the stifling economics of the low - volume academic market , and Bringhurst 's masterpiece brings me to another reason why the current crop of single - page e-book readers is so bad : single - page e-books have thus far been a wasted opportunity to liberate page design from the economic constraints of the book market so that the page 's visual composition can again be dictated by artistic concerns .
By giving us the full expanse of the facing - page format in an easily portable , low - power , electronic medium like E Ink , companies like Amazon and Sony could help bring about a renaissance of typography .
Books could afford to be beautiful again ( or , at least considerably less ugly ) , instead of just being low - margin , disposable objects of textual consumption .
Books are interactive
The other place where the e-book + reader combination falls woefully short of a traditional book is in its fundamental lack of interactivity .
Yes , you read that right — electronic documents are typically less interactive than their paper counterparts .
Why ?
Because you can't easily mark them up with underlining , highlighting , and marginal notes .
Now , many readers do n't care to ever make marks in their books .
This is because for most of us in the modern world , a book is a commodity to be consumed and then discarded after one reading .
But there are some books that we go back to again and again , especially those of us who are scholars by trade and who find ourselves butting up against the same classics throughout our careers .
For instance , my dog-eared copy of Hans Georg Gadamer 's Truth and Method has six years ' worth of markings in it , markings that are valuable traces of an ongoing , interactive relationship .
On the day that I finally come across a suitable hardcover copy of this book , I 'll have to go through my old trade paperback page by page and look for notes and markings to transfer over .
Possibly one half of a real book replacement , if by " real book " you mean " small paperback . "
Right now , the iRex Iliad 2 is the only e-book reader that I 'm aware of that gives readers the ability to mark up electronic books via a touchscreen and a stylus .
Any e-book reader that aims to replace the book for that subset of readers who actually use their books as tools by marking and annotating them will have to offer such functionality .
To sum up , future e-book readers will have to offer both an expansive facing - page format and a stylus - based annotation feature before they can evolve from being mere document viewers aimed at consumers of texts and become something approximating a genuine electronic " book " that those of us who use and re-use our books can finally adopt .
Note :
If you want to see more of my ramblings on the history of technologies of the written and printed word , a topic that I 'm working on right now in my other life as a scholar , this page has a link to a video of a talk on the topic that I recently gave at an ACM conference .
The majority of web sites you visit on the Internet have a white background , with black text .
It is really difficult to find web sites that use a dark background with light text , since there are many poorly implemented instances of this color scheme , which leave web site hard to read and painful to look at .
We made an attempt to showcase well designed web sites with light text on a dark background , which surely leave a long - lasting impression on the visitors .
Whole Foods circumvented the health care " crisis " by giving its employees greater control .
The result ?
Lower expenses , healthier employees , and less money thrown away on insurance .
Candidates for president have plans to get more people health insurance .
Some would compel us to buy it ; others would use the tax code to encourage that .
Regardless , insurance is the magic that will solve our health - care problems .
But contrary to conventional wisdom , it ’s not those without health insurance who are the problem , but rather those with it .
They make medical care more expensive for everyone .
We ’d each be better off if we paid all but the biggest medical bills out of pocket and saved insurance for catastrophic events .
Truly needy people would rely on charity , not government , because once government gets involved , unintended bad consequences abound .
If people paid their own bills , they would likely buy high - deductible insurance ( roughly $ 1,000 for individuals , $ 2,100 for families ) because on average , the premium is $ 1,300 cheaper .
But people are so conditioned to expect others to pay their medical bills that they hate high deductibles :
They feel ripped off if they must pay a thousand dollars before the insurance company starts paying .
But high deductibles may be the key to lowering costs and putting you in charge of your health care .
Five years ago , the Whole Foods grocery chain switched to a high - deductible plan .
If an employee has a sore throat or a sprained ankle , he pays .
But if he gets cancer or heart disease , his insurance covers it .
Whole Foods puts around $ 1,500 a year into an account for each employee .
It ’s not charity but part of the employee ’s compensation .
It ’s money Whole Foods would have otherwise spent on more - expensive insurance .
Whole Foods CEO John Mackey
Here ’s the good part for employees :
If they do n’t spend the money on medical care this year , they keep it , and the company adds more next year .
It ’s called a health savings account , or HSA .
CEO John Mackey told me that when he went to the new system , “ Our costs went way down . ”
Yet today , some workers have $ 8,000 in their accounts .
“ That ’s their money , ” Mackey said .
“ It builds up over time because the money is compounding for them . ”
It will cover all sorts of future out - of - pocket expenses .
Most important , since employees control the money , their behavior changed .
Whole Foods workers started asking “ how much things cost , ” Mackey said .
“ They may not want to go to the emergency room if they wake up with a hangnail in the middle of the night .
They may schedule an appointment now . ”
There was no need to ask about costs before because the insurance company seemed to pick up the tab .
But that drove up costs for everyone .
Now , saving money makes sense to employees because the money belongs to them .
HSA critics ask whether individual accounts will encourage people to save money at the expense of their health .
Mackey has the right response .
“ The premise in those kinds of questions is that people are stupid .
They ’re not smart enough to make these decisions for themselves .
It ’s sort of an elitist attitude .
The individual is the best judge of what ’s right for the individual . ”
And apparently , most individuals are making smart choices .
Harvard Business School professor Regina Herzlinger says studies show that “ people who have these high - deductible health - insurance policies take a lot better care of themselves .
They have more yearly physicals .
Because they ’re saying , ‘ If I keep myself healthy , in the long run , I ’m going to be spending less money . ’ ”
The critics also argue that spending on health care is too complicated and important for individuals to control .
Mackey is n’t buying it .
“ Should we allow people to make decisions about whether they have children or not ?
I mean , that ’s a pretty important responsibility ! ”
I pointed out that most people know nothing about complex cancer treatments .
“ I do n’t know anything about cars , ” he said .
“ But if I buy a Toyota or an Audi or a Lexus , I know I ’m going to get a pretty good automobile because competition ensures that it will be that way . ”
It does .
And competition will do the same in medical care .
All we need to do is put the individual in charge of his own money .
Next week :
Where competitive health care is already working .
John Stossel is co-anchor of ABC News ’ “ 20/20 ” and the author of
( January 2005 ) as well as
( May 2007 ) , which is now available in paperback .
Science is the only news ; all else is hearsay and gossip
--- Stewart Brand---
Everybody loves music , right ?
Whether it ’s one genre or another that we prefer , we can all agree that music is universal .
And here are 100 facts about music you might not have known before .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts
The global music industry was worth $ 19.1 billion as of 2018 .
Despacito by Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee have 6.6 billion views on YouTube as of February 2020 .
Shakira is the first person to have more than 100 million likes on Facebook .
Katy Perry is the first person to have more than 100 million followers on Twitter .
Eminem ’s Rap God has the most words in a song , at 1,560 words .
The oldest musical instrument in the world is a 35,000 - year - old bone flute .
The 3,400 - year - old Hurrian Hymn No. 6 is the oldest song in the world .
Music in Ancient Greece ties to Greek theater .
The Roman Catholic Church ’s liturgical music is the most common genre from the Middle Ages .
Modern operas were first written around the end of the 16th century .
Most of today ’s classical music developed during the 18th century .
The modern orchestra goes back to the 19th century .
Concerts first became commonplace in the 19th century .
Radio and television made music more accessible to people over the 20th century .
The 20th century saw new instruments and musical styles developed across the world .
Paul McCartney was the first musician to make a live broadcast into outer space .
Metallica holds the world record for performing on all seven continents in a single year .
British singer Katie Melua holds the world record for the deepest underwater concert .
Queen ’s Bohemian Rhapsody is the most - streamed song of the 20th century .
Queen ’s four members appear on a commemorative British £ 5 coin issued in January 2020 .
Table of Contents 01 Music Facts Infographics
02 The Seikilos Epitaph is the oldest musical composition in the world .
03 The world ’s largest performing rock band included 953 musicians .
04 Japan ’s Folk Music and Dance Association assembled the world ’s largest shamisen ensemble .
05 Simon Desorgher assembled the most number of chimes as a single musical instrument .
06 David Stanley and The Music Man Project assembled the world ’s biggest triangle ensemble .
07 The world ’s longest concert by multiple artists took place from March 17 to April 5 , 2017 .
08 The largest erhu ensemble assembled in Raoyang , China , on October 19 , 2019 .
09 Hong Kong hosted the largest harmonica ensemble on November 13 , 2009 .
10
The record for the world ’s longest marathon team drumming is 3 days , 8 hours , and 2 minutes .
11
The most number of people to play a single piano at the same time is 23 people .
12 Thomas Silkman has changed the most number of guitar strings in a single hour .
13 Daddy Yankee is the first Latin artist to become Number One on Spotify .
14 The song Despacito holds seven world records of its own .
15 Elvis Presley is still the best - selling solo artist in the world .
16 AKB 48 is the world ’s largest pop group .
17 There are 8 notes in music .
18 There are five kinds of musical instruments .
19 Orchestras have no set number or composition .
20 Conductors select the instruments an orchestra includes .
21 Orchestras do n’t always need a conductor .
22 Music began to step away from religion in the Renaissance .
23 A piano ’s frame is of iron .
24 Schumann stuck his hands into an animal ’s guts .
25 Haydn ’s tomb has two skulls .
26 Rossini ’s Di Tanti Palpiti is also known as the rice aria .
27 70 different pieces of wood make a violin .
28 The London Symphonic Orchestra almost boarded the Titanic .
29 Leonard Warren died after singing “ to die , a momentous thing ” .
30 Opera singer Nellie Melba died after a face - lift operation .
31 Yuri Gagarin sang a song in space .
32 Orlande de Lassus got kidnapped three times for his voice .
33 Opera singer Adelina Patti wore the most expensive opera costume of all time .
34 Franz Liszt bought a dog so he would n’t lose more hair to his fans .
35 Mozart has a chocolate brand named after him .
36 Havergal Brian ’s Gothic symphony requires a thousand performers .
37 Domenico Scarlatti’s Fugue in G Minor is also called the Cat ’s Fugue .
38 Karaoke means empty orchestra .
39 Henry Ford was a patron of country music .
40 Country music was another form of folk music .
41 Nashville is the Home of Country Music .
42 Bluegrass country music comes from Kentucky , USA .
43 Bill Monroe is the Father of Bluegrass .
44 The Day the Music Died refers to two plane crashes that killed musicians aboard .
45 Jimmy Dean turned one - hit success into a long - term opportunity .
46 Dolly Parton once said no to Elvis .
47 Country music is now a global phenomenon .
48 George Strait has more Number
One hits than any artist of any genre .
49 Julie Andrews learned to play the guitar for the Sound of Music .
50 The Sound of Music saved 20th Century Fox from going bankrupt .
51 The origins of the word Jazz are not known .
52 Nonverbal signals are common in jazz performances .
53 The most common instruments in jazz are what ’s called the Piano Trio .
54 Jazz allowed for modern dance to develop in America .
55 Jazz has positive effects on creative thinking and health .
56 Jazz inspired the word hipster .
57 There are two kinds of music therapy : active and receptive .
58 Music therapy is not a stand - alone method .
59 Maroon 5 was originally called Kara ’s Flowers .
60 Madonna ’s career goes back to before she started singing .
61 Katy Perry once released a gospel album .
62 Michael Jackson ’s
Thriller is the most - selling album of all time .
63 Britney Spears once had a picture taken of her with a shaved head .
64 The Beatles once sang about Marijuana .
65 Paul McCartney sang during the opening ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics .
66 A dog once walked into Led Zeppelin ’s recording studio .
67 ABBA comes from the names of the band ’s members .
68 Elvis Presley was once told he had no talent .
69 Eminem ’s first album only sold 1000 copies .
70 Lil Wayne almost killed himself when he was 12 .
71 Nate Dogg , Snoop Dogg , and Warren G once formed a band together .
72 People still buy a lot of CDs in Japan .
73
The cheapest a CD will get in Japan is $ 25 .
74 Pen-Pineapple - Apple - Pen is the shortest pop hit in the world .
75 China possesses one of the oldest musical traditions in the world .
76 Chinese music instruments come in 8 kinds .
77 Thomas Dorsey is the Father of Gospel Music . 78 The song 4’33 ’’ is only silence .
79 Bagpipes may have arrived in Britain with the Romans .
80 Hans Zimmer does not have a formal background in music .
81 Japan has the shortest national anthem in the world .
Music Facts Infographics
The Seikilos Epitaph is the oldest musical composition in the world .
Dating back to the 1st century AD , it was on a column marking a grave in Turkey .
The epitaph includes both a musical score and a short set of lyrics .
The lyrics read , “ While you live , shine .
Have no grief at all .
Life exists for only a short while .
And Time demands his due . ”
The world ’s largest performing rock band included 953 musicians .
The Beijing Contemporary Music Academy achieved this record on June 16 , 2016 .
They performed in the city of Tianjin , China .
The band included 349 singers , 154 guitarists , and 151 drummers .
100 bassists also took part in the performance , along with 100 keyboard players , and 98 players of wind instruments .
Read also : More Amazing Lifestyle Facts
Japan ’s Folk Music and Dance Association assembled the world ’s largest shamisen ensemble .
The shamisen is a traditional Japanese musical instrument that looks like a violin .
The 1,911 participants all used the Tsugaru Shamisen in their performance .
It took place in Tokyo , Japan , on October 23 , 2016 , and lasted 6 minutes and 5 seconds .
Simon Desorgher assembled the most number of chimes as a single musical instrument .
Also known as tubular bells , Simon Desorgher ’s instrument included 120 aluminum tubes .
The tubes have various lengths tuned to musical scales .
The longest tube measures 4,877 mm long , while the shortest is 473 mm long .
David Stanley and The Music Man Project assembled the world ’s biggest triangle ensemble .
The triangle is a musical instrument made by bending a metal bar into a triangle .
It ’s played by tapping the triangle with a metal rod .
The ensemble included 1,521 players on October 15 , 2017 .
They performed as part of the London Palladium ’s Music is Magic concert .
The world ’s longest concert by multiple artists took place from March 17 to April 5 , 2017 .
The concert was part of Canada ’s celebration of their country ’s 150th anniversary .
Participants included the Epidemic Music Group , and lasted for 453 hours , 54 minutes , and 40 seconds .
The largest erhu ensemble assembled in Raoyang , China , on October 19 , 2019 .
The erhu is a traditional Chinese musical instrument that looks like a violin .
2,024 participants took part in the performance .
Their sponsor was Raoyang Gold Suona Musical Instrument Manufacturing Co. Ltd .
The performance lasted for 5 minutes and 18 seconds .
Hong Kong hosted the largest harmonica ensemble on November 13 , 2009 .
The Tom Lee Music Company assembled 6,131 participants for the performance .
They performed at the Happy Valley Recreation Ground for 7 minutes and 25 seconds .
Read also : 50 MindBoggling Money Facts You Never Heard About
The record for the world ’s longest marathon team drumming is 3 days , 8 hours , and 2 minutes .
The team included Janel Spalding , Aaron Houseago , Holly Jones , Ryan Murray , and Lorraine Dorrington .
They performed from August 26 to 29 , 2016 .
The performance was live - streamed and seen worldwide .
The most number of people to play a single piano at the same time is 23 people .
You ’d think only two people at most could play a piano .
The students of Music School Isidor Bajic showed otherwise .
Also participating were members of OPENS 2019 – European Youth Capital Novi Sad .
They performed in Novi Sad , Serbia , on September 20 , 2019 .
The composition they played was Zora ( Dawn ) , which was specially composed for the event .
The composer was an alumnus of Music School Isidor Bajic , Ivan Markovic .
Thomas Silkman has changed the most number of guitar strings in a single hour .
Changing guitar strings can be quite a hassle .
It takes lots of time , patience , and effort to do .
But on April 20 , 2018 , Thomas Silkman showed it does n’t have to be with the right motivation .
An instrument technician and music store owner , he changed 226 strings in an hour .
He did so as part of his dream to set a world record .
How ’s that for motivation and effort ?
Daddy Yankee is the first Latin artist to become Number One on Spotify .
You know Daddy Yankee for his performance in the hit song Despacito .
Well , here ’s something else to know about that amazing artist .
On July 9 , 2017 , Daddy Yankee became the first Latin artist to reach Spotify ’s Number One spot .
The song Despacito holds seven world records of its own .
We mentioned Daddy Yankee ’s performance in the hit song Despacito only a short while ago .
Well , like its performer , the song has world records of its own .
Despacito holds the record for the world ’s most viewed online video .
It is also the most viewed music video online , and the most viewed duet YouTube video .
As a single , it spent the most number of weeks in the USA ’s Number One spot .
It is the most liked video online , and the first to pass 5 billion views .
Finally , it is the most - streamed track in the world .
Elvis Presley is still the best - selling solo artist in the world .
We ’re sure you ’ve heard of Elvis Presley , also known as the King of Rock and Roll .
You might also think of him as old - fashioned , as the height of his career was from the 1950s to the 1960s .
And by then , his glory days were long past .
Well , here ’s a surprise among music facts for you .
With over 1 billion sales worldwide , the King is still the best - selling solo artist in the world .
And he ’s not as old - fashioned as you might think .
Ever heard of the song Ca n’t Help Falling in Love ?
Yeah , Elvis sang that .
Read also : 150 Marvel Facts That Will Make You A Super Fan
AKB 48 is the world ’s largest pop group .
When they started out in 2010 , the Japanese pop group only had 48 members .
That ’s reflected in their name and is , in fact , the source of the name .
Today though , AKB 48 has 130 members .
And that does n’t include former members who ’ve left the group for one reason or another .
There are 8 notes in music .
You could call notes the alphabet of music .
They ’re used to write notations which tell musicians how to perform a piece .
There are 8 notes , though there are two ways to read the first seven .
In most countries , they ’re read as Do - Re - Mi-Fa - Sol - La -Si .
In Britain and Holland , they are instead substituted with the first 7 letters of the alphabet .
The eighth note is always called the octave .
There are five kinds of musical instruments .
The five kinds of musical instruments depend on how they ’re played .
Percussion instruments are struck .
String instruments have their strings strummed .
Both woodwind and brass instruments get blown .
Keyboard instruments have their keys pressed .
Orchestras have no set number or composition .
The number of performers in an orchestra depends on the kind of orchestra it is .
Chamber orchestras usually include only fifty performers at most .
Symphony and philharmonic orchestras usually have more than eighty performers .
It is not unknown for them to exceed a hundred performers depending on the program .
Conductors select the instruments an orchestra includes .
Usually , an orchestra will have players for all five kinds of musical instruments .
But this is n’t always the case .
Conductors have a free hand to select which instruments to include in an orchestra .
This allows them to organize an orchestra to match their musical program .
Nor are they limited to traditional musical instruments .
Starting in the 20th century , modern instruments can get included in orchestras .
Examples include electric guitars , synthesizers , and other electronic instruments .
Orchestras do n’t always need a conductor .
This might sound unbelievable , but it ’s true .
There are orchestra pieces that are for performances without a conductor .
These pieces usually go back to the 17th to the early - 18th Centuries .
The Soviet Union attempted to revive the practice in the 1920s but failed .
More recently , some western orchestras have performed without a conductor to some success .
These include New York ’s Orpheus Chamber Orchestra and the Australian Chamber Orchestra .
Even without a conductor though , orchestras still need a leader figure for direction .
Called the concertmaster , this position is usually held by a violinist .
Read also : 50 Creative Art Facts That Will Help You Better Express Yourself
Music began to step away from religion in the Renaissance .
Music in the Middle Ages was predominantly for use in church services .
The Renaissance changed all that .
The printing press made it easier to produce and spread musical compositions .
This was unlike the Middle Ages , where everything was hand - made .
The Renaissance also saw the rise of Humanism .
Under its influence , musicians experimented with new instruments and styles .
Musical pieces moved away from religious themes to secular ones .
The most important of those was opera , born as a Renaissance revival of Ancient Greek theater .
A piano ’s frame is of iron .
You might think that a piano is almost completely of wood .
But if it were , it might rip itself apart .
This is because the strings inside a piano are tightly - pulled .
They have to be to make their sounds right .
But they ’re pulled so tight that the tension is equivalent to twenty tons of force put on the frame .
This is why a piano ’s frame is of iron .
It has to be to hold up to all that force .
Schumann stuck his hands into an animal ’s guts .
Robert Schumann was a composer who lived in the early - 19th century .
He was one of the most important romantic musicians .
Here ’s an interesting ( and grisly ) example of music facts about him .
He would stick his hands into a recently - slaughtered animal ’s guts .
He thought it would cure him of any diseases he had or might get .
Haydn ’s tomb has two skulls .
Joseph Haydn was an 18th century Austrian composer .
He contributed to the development of the modern orchestra .
So much so , that he ’s called the Father of the Orchestra .
One particularly morbid example of music facts is that he has two skulls in his tomb .
This is because someone stole his skull shortly after his death .
His family put a placeholder skull in his tomb as a result .
His original skull was later recovered and replaced in his tomb in 1954 .
Despite that , the placeholder skull remained in his tomb , hence the two skulls .
Rossini ’s Di Tanti Palpiti is also known as the rice aria .
Gioachino Rossini is one of the most famous opera writers in history .
One of the songs in his opera Tancredi is also known as Di Tanti Palpiti .
It ’s also called the rice aria , and by Rossini himself .
This is because he composed the whole song while waiting for a dish of rice to finish cooking .
Now there ’s a tasty example of music facts .
70 different pieces of wood make a violin .
This might worry anyone thinking of starting to learn how to play the violin .
You have to clean and maintain your own violin , after all .
But there ’s no need to worry .
Those 70 pieces of wood together make up the 9 basic parts of a violin .
And those are the only ones you need to know about to clean and maintain your violin .
The London Symphonic Orchestra almost boarded the Titanic .
We ’re sure you ’ve heard of the Titanic disaster .
And we ’re sure you ’ve also heard how so many of the ship ’s passengers and crew died .
Well , here ’s something from music facts that sounds like it ’s from Final Destination .
The London Symphonic Orchestra was going to travel to the USA on the Titanic .
But the Titanic ’s launch got delayed following an accident involving a sister ship .
To stay on schedule , the orchestra had to use another ship to get to the USA .
It was there that they later learned about the Titanic disaster .
Talk about a close brush with death .
Leonard Warren died after singing “ to die , a momentous thing ” .
Here ’s something grim and ironic from music facts .
Leonard Warren was a popular opera singer with New York ’s Metropolitan Orchestra .
On March 4 , 1960 , he was performing in the opera La Forza Del Destino .
Immediately finishing Don Carlo ’s
Act III song , Leonard Warren fell over and died .
There was no autopsy , though it ’s thought that he died of a heart attack .
He was 40 years old at the time .
Opera singer Nellie Melba died after a face - lift operation .
Face - lifting is a surgical procedure that reduces the physical appearance of aging .
Done by a good doctor on a healthy patient , it is safe with small chances of complications .
But there can be complications .
One possible complication is blood poisoning , caused by bacteria in the blood .
One victim was Nellie Melba , a famous Australian opera singer who died in 1931 .
She was 69 years old .
Yuri Gagarin sang a song in space .
To pass the time , Yuri Gagarin sang a song during his historic mission to space .
It was spontaneous , as the cosmonaut was waiting for reentry to finish .
This song was The Motherland Hears , composed by Dmitri Shostakovich .
Now there ’s something interstellar from music facts .
Orlande de Lassus got kidnapped three times for his voice .
Orlande de Lassus is one of the greatest musicians and composers of the Renaissance .
He was also a talented singer .
So much so , that he got kidnapped three times as a boy for his beautiful voice .
Opera singer Adelina Patti wore the most expensive opera costume of all time .
Adelina Patti was an opera singer from the late - 19th century .
During a performance at London ’s Covent Garden in 1895 , she wore a costume worth £ 15 million .
It was and remains the most expensive opera costume of all time .
Franz Liszt bought a dog so he would n’t lose more hair to his fans .
Fans trying to get a piece of their idols is n’t a recent thing .
In fact , it goes as far back as the 19th century .
One notable example involved composer Franz Liszt .
Fans went to great lengths to get souvenirs of the composer .
These included not only his portraits but even his gloves and handkerchiefs .
They even fought over his garbage like broken strings or a spent cigar .
Women were also known to pinch at him to get his hair .
It got so bad that Franz Liszt finally bought a dog .
Not to keep his fans out of fear of the dog , but so he could get its fur .
The composer would snip at the dog ’s fur , which he then handed to his fans as his hair .
Mozart has a chocolate brand named after him .
Here ’s something sweet from music facts .
Called Mozartkugel or Mozart ball , they were first sold by Paul Fürst in 1890 .
They are handmade and have Mozart ’s images shown on the wrapper .
They remain in the market today and are very popular in Austria .
Havergal Brian ’s Gothic symphony requires a thousand performers .
This is big among music facts .
Brian ’s Gothic symphony needs that many performers to play .
Of those thousand , 800 are singers , and the remaining 200 make up the orchestra .
Domenico Scarlatti’s Fugue in G Minor is also called the Cat ’s Fugue .
Scarlatti composed his version of Fugue in G Minor for a harpsichord .
But the interesting part is that he personally nicknamed the piece Cat ’s Fugue .
This is because his inspiration was his cat walking over his instrument ’s keys .
Karaoke means empty orchestra .
The Japanese word karaoke comes from two other words .
Karappo , which means empty in Japanese .
And okesutura , the Japanized form of orchestra .
Henry Ford was a patron of country music .
Henry Ford is famed for founding the Ford Motor Company .
He was also a notorious racist , at one point even supporting Nazi Germany .
That is also why his support for country music was problematic .
Ford supported it as an alternative to Jazz , dominated as it was by colored artists .
Country music was another form of folk music .
All that changed when the Cold War began .
Many folk singers had left - wing sympathies .
Others rebranded their music as country music to avoid getting called Communist .
Nashville is the Home of Country Music .
Nashville in Tennessee , USA , is often called the Home of Country Music .
But it was n’t unchallenged .
In the 1920s , Atlanta competed with Nashville in the number of radio stations and studios .
And in the 1950s , Dallas also competed with Nashville until the death of producer Jim Beck .
Bluegrass country music comes from Kentucky , USA .
In the 1930s , musicians in Kentucky experimented with Celtic fiddles and modern styles .
The result was what ’s now known as Bluegrass country music .
Bill Monroe is the Father of Bluegrass .
One of the greatest bluegrass artists was Bill Monroe and his band The Bluegrass Boys .
Together , they set many of the genre ’s standards .
One of their songs is Uncle Pen .
Bill Monroe dedicated it to his uncle , Pen Vandiver .
It was his uncle who taught him how to play the fiddle .
Now there ’s a heartwarming example of music facts .
The Day the Music Died refers to two plane crashes that killed musicians aboard .
The first Day that Music Died was on February 3 , 1959 .
A plane crash in Ohio killed musicians Buddy Holly , Ritchie Valens , and the Big Bopper .
The second was in 1963 , involving a plane crash in Tennessee .
Killed aboard were Patsy Cline , Hawkshaw Hawkins , and Cowboy Copas .
Jimmy Dean turned one - hit success into a long - term opportunity .
Jimmy Dean was a country singer who made stunning success with his 1963 single Big Bad John .
He used this success to start a television program .
Further success led him to found the Jimmy Dean Sausage Company .
Dolly Parton once said no to Elvis .
Elvis Presley approached Dolly Parton in 1974 about her song I Will Always Love You .
He wanted to record the song , but she refused after Elvis ’ manager asked for half of all profits .
This ensured Dolly Parton millions of dollars in the future from sales of her song .
Country music is now a global phenomenon .
Country music is usually associated with the American countryside .
But , the styles and themes of country music have since spread around the world .
One notable example is Indian singer Bal Kishore Das Loiwal , also known as Bobby Cash .
Coming from India , he made his career in Australia and gained recognition in 2005 .
This recognition came from the Country Music Association of Nashville , Tennessee .
George Strait has more Number
One hits than any artist of any genre .
George Strait is also known as the King of Country Music .
In over thirty years of performing , 60 of his songs would make it to the Number One spot .
This is more than any singer or musician in any genre of music has ever achieved .
Julie Andrews learned to play the guitar for the Sound of Music .
Actress Julie Andrews is very well known for her role in the musical the Sound of Music .
And here ’s something fun from music facts : one scene required her to play the guitar .
Only , Julie Andrews did n’t know how to play the guitar .
Instead of getting a double , she decided to learn how to play .
Now that ’s professionalism .
The Sound of Music saved 20th Century Fox from going bankrupt .
Before the Sound of Magic showed in cinemas , 20th Century Fox was on the brink of bankruptcy .
This was because of the box office failure of Cleopatra in 1963 .
The Sound of Music ’s debut in 1965 saved the studio .
The origins of the word Jazz are not known .
One theory is it ’s taken from a baseball term meaning fighting spirit .
Another theory is that it was slang from the 1910s , gism or jism .
Both words had sexual connotations .
Nonverbal signals are common in jazz performances .
These signals take many forms , from nods of the head to subtle pointing of an instrument .
They are usually used to signal the beginning and end of performances .
They are also used to signal the start of another part of a musical program .
There could be other meanings as well but they are always about a program ’s performance .
The most common instruments in jazz are what ’s called the Piano Trio .
A piano trio includes a piano , a bass , and drums .
This simple combination has all the essence of jazz between them .
Jazz allowed for modern dance to develop in America .
Jazz made music very accessible to the public in the form of bars and music halls .
This , in turn , inspired dance to grow beyond classic forms like waltz and tango .
Jazz has positive effects on creative thinking and health .
Here ’s something soothing from music facts .
Studies show that jazz music stimulates the brain into producing Theta brainwaves .
These brain waves are usually most active during problem solving and creative activities .
Jazz ’s rhythms are also known to reduce anxiety and stress the same way a massage does .
Jazz inspired the word hipster .
The root of hipster is hep , 1930s slang for someone considered fashionable .
Those included jazz players , and from there developed to hipster .
There are two kinds of music therapy : active and receptive .
Music therapy is a scientifically - backed form of medicine used to improve quality of life .
Its two forms are active and receptive .
In active music therapy , patients perform music .
This is helpful for people with weak lungs or reduced physical ability .
In receptive music therapy , patients listen to music provided for them .
This is helpful for people with mood and anxiety problems .
Music therapy is not a stand - alone method .
Study shows that while music is an effective means of treatment , it ’s best used with others .
One example is for therapists working with troubled youth .
Active musical therapy has helped build trust from the patient to the therapist .
Maroon 5 was originally called Kara ’s Flowers .
You ’ve heard of Maroon 5 , and that they started in 2001 .
But in fact , they started long before that .
The group first formed in 1994 , as Kara ’s Flowers .
They achieved modest success , but only made big as Maroon 5 .
Madonna ’s career goes back to before she started singing .
Madonna ’s become famous as the Queen of Pop and an inspiration to a generation of youth .
But what you might not know was that she was n’t always a singer .
In the 1970s , she was a drummer for the band Breakfast Club .
Katy Perry once released a gospel album .
This is a surprise from music facts .
You might know that Katy Perry got scouted in high school .
What you might not know is that her debut is a gospel album called Katy Hudson .
Michael Jackson ’s
Thriller is the most - selling album of all time .
We ’d be very surprised if you did n’t know about Michael Jackson ’s Thriller .
Not when it has sold 66 million copies worldwide , on top of other accolades .
Britney Spears once had a picture taken of her with a shaved head .
Britney Spears caused a stir in 2007 when she shaved her head .
One photo of her taken afterward sold for $ 500,000 .
This made it the most expensive photo ever taken by the paparazzi .
The Beatles once sang about Marijuana .
This can be a shocking example of music facts , but it ’s true .
The Beatles sang Got to Get You into My Life in 1966 .
They released it as part of the album Revolver .
Paul McCartney admitted in 1997 that the ‘ you ’ in the song ’s title referred to Marijuana .
Paul McCartney sang during the opening ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics .
You know that already .
What you did n’t know was that he got paid only £ 1 for his performance .
But that ’s not the amazing part .
What ’s amazing is that he wanted to perform for free .
The chance to perform on the world stage in the Olympics was enough .
But , the law required minimum payment to formalize the arrangement .
Thus the £ 1 payment .
A dog once walked into Led Zeppelin ’s recording studio .
Here ’s something fun from music facts .
Led Zeppelin was recording a new single when a black dog walked into their studio .
That song was later released with the name Black Dog .
ABBA comes from the names of the band ’s members .
ABBA is a band from Sweden .
They enjoyed wide success worldwide , topping charts from the 70s to the 80s .
Agnetha Fältskog , Björn Ulvaeus , Benny Andersson , and Anni-Frid Lyngstad make up the band .
Look at the first letter of their names , and put them together : ABBA .
Elvis Presley was once told he had no talent .
Elvis Presley ’s first stage performance at the Grand Ole Opry in Tennessee failed to impress .
This led talent manager Jim Denny to tell Elvis to go back to driving trucks .
Elvis Presley refused to give up .
He then stunned audiences two weeks later at the Louisiana Hayride .
Talk about never giving up on your dreams .
Eminem ’s first album only sold 1000 copies .
Eminem ’s first album Infinite met with a mixed reception by critics and audiences .
This was back in 1996 .
But now with Eminem one of the most famous rappers alive , things are different .
A copy of Infinite would now sell between 100 to 200 dollars .
Lil Wayne almost killed himself when he was 12 .
Lil Wayne shot himself with a 9 mm pistol when he was 12 years old .
Off - duty policeman Robert Hoobler investigated and drove Lil Wayne to the hospital .
This saved his life .
Lil Wayne later thanked Robert Hoobler for saving him .
Nate Dogg , Snoop Dogg , and Warren G once formed a band together .
The three rappers once formed a band in 1992 .
They called it 213 , a reference to Los Angeles ’ old area code .
People still buy a lot of CDs in Japan .
This is a shocking example of music facts , with online downloads so mainstream today .
But a look at statistics shows it to be fact .
85 % of all music sales in Japan are from CD purchases .
The cheapest a CD will get in Japan is $ 25 .
Japanese copyright laws mandate a minimum price for intellectual properties .
These include music and other media recorded on CDs .
If you think $ 25 or its equivalent in Yen is expensive , then you ’d be right .
But , there is a way to get around that .
Copyright laws do n’t cover CD rentals , and those are much cheaper .
Pen-Pineapple - Apple - Pen is the shortest pop hit in the world .
Japanese comedian Pikotaro released Pen- Pineapple - Apple - Pen in 2016 .
It gained 1 million hits on the internet and a place on the USA ’s Hot Billboard 100 .
At 45 seconds long , it broke the record for the shortest song on the chart .
Guinness ’ Book of World Records recognized this and gave the song its spot .
China possesses one of the oldest musical traditions in the world .
Archaeological evidence shows China ’s musical tradition going back to 3000 BC .
Actual records are rare , though .
This is thanks to the Qin Dynasty ’s destruction of pre-dynastic books and records .
Qin Shi Huangdi had them destroyed to prevent them from inspiring resistance to his rule .
An unfortunate example of music facts , for once .
Chinese music instruments come in 8 kinds .
Unlike western instruments , Chinese instruments come in 8 kinds .
These depend on what an instrument is of .
These include gourd , bamboo , and wood , with a distinction made between the latter two .
Other materials include silk , clay , metal , stone , and skin .
Thomas Dorsey is the Father of Gospel Music .
He made his career writing and performing secular music .
After his wife ’s death in 1931 , he switched genres to gospel music .
He also founded a publishing house , Dorsey House of Music .
It was the first - ever Black - owned and founded gospel music publishing company .
The song 4’33 ’’ is only silence .
Here ’s one of the more intriguing examples of music facts .
Composer John Cage released the song in 1952 .
The name references its length of four minutes and 33 seconds .
At that time , none of the orchestra would play their instruments .
Instead , the audience would listen only to the sounds of their surroundings .
John Cage called it proof of the idea that any sound could be music .
Bagpipes may have arrived in Britain with the Romans .
A popular stereotype of Scotsmen is their fondness for the bagpipes .
It ’s also believed that bagpipes came from Scotland .
But while bagpipes are popular in Scotland , they may not be native to Scotland at all .
Archaeological evidence suggests the Hittites played the bagpipe as early as 1000 BC .
Greek writers describe instruments that resemble bagpipes .
Roman writers also suggest that Emperor Nero may have played the bagpipe .
If so , then it is possible that bagpipes came to Britain with the Romans .
Hans Zimmer does not have a formal background in music .
You may not know who Hans Zimmer is , but you would know his music .
He was the one who composed soundtracks for films like Lion King , Gladiator , and the Pirates of the Caribbean .
And his only formal study in music was piano lessons as a child .
Now there ’s a talented example of music facts .
CIA still operates ' black sites ' overseas , senior counterterrorism official says John Byrne
Published : Friday October 5 , 2007
Save This Page
Print This Email This Update : Bush says US ' does not torture '
The secret CIA overseas detention program first exposed by the Washington Post remains active , according to a senior US counterterrorism official who went on the record in Thursday 's New York Times .
Little attention has been paid to the revelation , aside from a Reuters story late Thursday .
The Central Intelligence Agency , through a spokesman , refused to comment on the report .
" We do not comment on this question as a matter of course , " CIA spokesman George Little told reporters .
" The agency 's terrorist detention and interrogation program has been conducted lawfully , with great care and close review . "
On Friday , at a hastily called Oval Office meeting with reporters , President Bush said , " This government does not torture people . "
" When we find somebody who may have information regarding a potential attack on America , you bet we 're going to detain them , and you bet we 're going to question them , " he added .
" The American people expect us to find out information , actionable intelligence so we can help protect them .
That 's our job . "
( Video of Bush can be seen at this link ) RAW STORY 's Larisa Alexandrovna revealed the exact location of a CIA black site in Poland in February of this year .
Intelligence officials identified the site as a component of a Polish intelligence training school outside the northern Polish village of Stare Kiejkuty .
While previously suspected , the facility had never been conclusively identified as being part of the CIA 's secret rendition and detention program .
Only the Polish prime minister and top Polish intelligence brass were told of the plan , in which agents of the United States quietly shuttled detainees from other holding facilities around the globe for stopovers and short - term interrogation in Poland between late 2002 and 2004 .
According to a confidential British intelligence memo shown to RAW STORY , Prime Minister Tony Blair told Poland 's then - Prime Minister Leszek Miller to keep the information secret , even from his own government .
 Miller was asked to keep it as tight as possible ,  the memo said .
' We do n't put out a press release '
The agency continues to hold suspects overseas , Paul C. Kelbaugh , a veteran intelligence lawyer who was deputy legal counsel at the C.I.A.'s Counterterrorist Center from 2001 to 2003 , told the Times .
Possible sites have been suggested in Thailand and Diego Garcia , in the Indian Ocean .
The New York Times reported Thursday that the United States was holding prisoners at " black sites " overseas , even after President Bush said all prisoners had been moved out of secret sites .
A U.S. counterterrorism official told the paper : " In late 2006 , Abd al - Hadi al - Iraqi , a high - ranking al Qaeda terrorist who planned and conducted attacks against U.S. military forces , was captured and held in CIA custody . "
The White House dodged the question in Thursday 's briefing .
" We have n't been in the habit of doing a press release every time we have a prisoner , " spokeswoman Dana Perino said .
The Times also revealed that a secret memo endorsed by Attorney General Alberto Gonzales authorized the use of " harsh interrogation " techniques even after the Senate passed a ban on torture that President Bush signed into law .
The opinion " for the first time provided explicit authorization to barrage terror suspects with a combination of painful physical and psychological tactics , including head - slapping , simulated drowning and frigid temperatures , " the paper said .
The following is reprinted from Uncle John 's Slightly Irregular Bathroom Reader book .
Frane Selak .
Image : 1dir1.org
Is he lucky ... or unlucky ?
You decide .
THE SELAK ZONE
On a cold January day in 1962 , a Croatian music teacher named Frane Selak was traveling from Sarajevo to Dubrovnik by train .
Well , that 's where he thought he was going .
Little did he know what he was actually about to embark upon a strange 40 - year odyssey marked by freak accidents and near - death experiences .
The train carrying Selak in 1962 inexplicably jumped the tracks and plunged into an icy river , killing 17 passengers .
Selak managed to swim back to shore , suffering hypothermia , shock , bruises , and a broken arm , but very happy to be alive .
One year later , Selak was on a plane traveling from Zagreb to Rijeka when a door blew off the plane and he was sucked out of the aircraft .
A few minutes later the plane crashed ; 19 people were killed .
But Selak woke up in a hospital - he'd been found in a haystack and had only minor injuries .
In 1966 he was riding on a bus that went off the road and into a river .
Four people were killed - but not Selak .
He suffered only cuts and bruises .
In 1970 he was driving along when his car suddenly caught fire .
He managed to stop and get out just before the fuel tank exploded and engulfed the car in flames .
In 1973 a faulty fuel pump sprayed gas all over the engine of another of Selak 's car while he was driving it , blowing flames through the air vents .
His only injury : he lost most of his hair .
His friends started calling him " Lucky . "
In 1995 he was hit by a city bus in Zagreb but received only minor injuries .
In 1996 he was driving on a mountain road when he turned a corner and saw a truck coming straight at him .
He drove the car through a guardrail , jumped out , landed in a tree - and watched his car explode 300 feet below .
BAD NEWS ( AND GOOD NEWS ) TRAVELS FAST
By this time he was starting to get an international reputation for his amazing knack for survival .
" You could look at it two ways , " Selak said .
" I am either the world 's unluckiest man or the luckiest .
I prefer to believe the latter . "
How does the story of Frane Selak end ?
Luckily , of course .
In June 2003 , at the age of 74 , Selak bought his first lottery ticket in 40 years ... and won more than $ 1 million .
" I am going to enjoy my life now , " he said .
" I feel like I have been reborn .
I know God was watching over me all these years . "
He told reporters that he planned to buy a house , a car , and a speedboat , and to marry his girlfriend .
( He 'd been married four times before and reflected , " My marriages were disasters , too . " )
Update : In 2004 Selak was hired to star in an Australian TV commercial for Doritos .
At first he accepted the job , but then changed his mind and refused to fly to Sydney for the filming .
Reason :
He said he did n't want to test his luck .
I know what a lot of you 57 Democratic Representatives and Senators are going to be saying over the next month while you ’re speaking on the home turf .
You did it to protect Americans .
You did n’t want to take a chance .
You had to stand up to the terrorists .
You really had no choice .
If anybody asks why in hell you chose to legalize what the Cheney - Bush team has been doing illegally since 2001 , you ’re going to tell us you did it for our own good .
You amended the 29 - year - old Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act – originally passed to put some modest restrictions on agencies whose outrageous and frequently illegal behavior had been exposed by journalists and the Church Committee – to make us safe .
You ’re going to tell us you ’ve got our backs .
You ’re going to claim we can depend on you to be tough against terrorists even though you just put your foreheads to the floor at the feet of the most loathsome duo ever to sink their talons into the office of the Presidency .
You ’re going to tell us you could n’t stand up to the blackmail , although that 's not what you 'll call it .
You ’re going to say Democrats ca n’t afford to appear weak .
At which point , if I happen to be in the back of the room , your bodyguards will probably have to drag me off .
Because I cannot imagine how I will be able to quiet my laughter long enough for you to get on to the next question .
Frankly , you epitomize weak .
Your every pore exudes feebleness .
You are surrender monkeys .
And you ’ve just casually tossed away a basic protection as if it were a banana peel .
Pressed , I suspect that over the next month some of you will defend this pitiful capitulation with the argument that it ’s only for six months , and that you ’ll have a chance to amend the amendment , to rewrite the law more properly .
You 'll pretend that you wo n’t kiss the President ’s ass half a year from now when he comes back and says exactly what he said this time :
Give me what I want or I ’ll blame you the next time terrorists kill Americans .
Weak is bad enough .
Must you be simpletons as well ?
How many times has he marketed this crap ?
How many times have you bought it ?
Do you also fall for those late - night $ 19.95 television deals for a double - set of knives that never need sharpening ?
In short , what in the name of the sweet green earth makes you , in the perfect description of Glenn Greenwald , so self - destructive ?
What makes you think that giving in equates with standing firm in the public eye ?
What makes you believe that your appeasement offers the Democrats a better chance of winning a larger majority in the House and Senate , a better chance of returning to the White House ?
Do you really suppose that your " aye " for this law , and your other capitulations in the past seven months , will smooth the way for those of us who every other year use everything in our repertoire to persuade people that voting Democratic will change things for the better ?
If your behavior were mere self - destructiveness , it would n’t matter quite so much .
But you ’re taking all Americans down with you .
The White House still refuses to even say what it is doing .
As Greenwald points out :
Vast abuses and criminality in surveillance remain undisclosed , uninvestigated and unimpeded because Congressional Democrats have stood meekly by while the administration refuses to disclose what it has been doing in how it spies on us .
... Congressional Democrats know virtually nothing about how the Bush administration has been eavesdropping on our conversations because the administration refused to tell them and they passively accepted this state of affairs .
Unfortunately , you 57 are not the only Democrats at fault for enabling these unconstitutional abuses .
Party leaders bear responsibility for not playing hardball .
For not using every technique and every bit of clout at their command to at least attempt to block amendments like this atrocity from becoming law .
You leaders do n’t have to explain about the paper - thin majority .
You do n’t have point out that it ’s important to choose your fights .
Understood .
But this is n’t about corn subsidies , or earmarks or resolutions establishing Soap Carvers of America Day .
Constitutional protections are at stake .
Most people wo n’t blame you for losing if you put up a good fight .
But how can you expect to avoid blame when you do n’t ?
The Church Committee noted in 1976 :
This Committee has examined a realm of governmental information collection which has not been governed by restraints comparable to those in criminal proceedings .
We have examined the collection of intelligence about the political advocacy and actions and the private lives of American citizens .
That information has been used covertly to discredit the ideas advocated and to " neutralize " the actions of their proponents .
As Attorney General Harlan Fiske Stone warned in 1924 , when he sought to keep federal agencies from investigating " political or other opinions " as opposed to " conduct . . . forbidden by the laws " :
When a police system passes beyond these limits , it is dangerous to the proper administration of justice and to human liberty , which it should be our first concern to cherish .
...
There is always a possibility that a secret police may become a menace to free government and free institutions because it carries with it the possibility of abuses of power which are not always quickly apprehended or understood .
Our investigation has confirmed that warning .
We have seen segments of our Government , in their attitudes and action , adopt tactics unworthy of a democracy , and occasionally reminiscent of the tactics of totalitarian regimes .
We have seen a consistent pattern in which programs initiated with limited goals , such as preventing criminal violence or identifying foreign spies , were expanded to what witnesses characterized as " vacuum cleaners " , " sweeping in information about lawful activities of American citizens .
The tendency of intelligence activities to expand beyond their initial scope is a theme which runs through every aspect of our investigative findings .
Intelligence collection programs naturally generate ever - increasing demands for new data .
And once intelligence has been collected , there are strong pressures to use it against the target .
There comes a time when giving in to the demolition of constitutional protections can no longer be considered a matter of being weak or unthinking .
Rather it must be considered complicity .
A Blog devoted to progressive politics , environmental issues , LGBT issues , social justice , workers ' rights , womens ' rights , and , most importantly , Cats .
Senators accuse credit card firms of unfairly hiking rates RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday December 4 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Credit - card executives on Tuesday deflected congressional criticism of their practice of using falling credit scores to charge customers higher interest rates .
Industry critics say it's another example of abusive , confusing credit - card practices that can push consumers deeper into debt .
Sen. Carl Levin , D - Mich. , chairman of a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs subcommittee , said customers who consistently pay on time are getting whacked by credit - card issuers that raise such rates without an adequate warning or a clear notice .
" The bottom line for me is this : when a credit card issuer promises to provide a cardholder with a specific interest rate if they meet their credit card obligations , and the cardholder holds up their end of the bargain , the credit - card issuer should have to do the same , " he said Tuesday .
Levin is holding out the club of possible legislation to spur voluntary changes by the industry .
But executives from Bank of America Corp. and Discover Financial Services LLC .
told the subcommittee that a credit score is one of several factors in determining whether to increase a customer 's interest rate .
( Reuters photo above shows Discover Financial Services President and Chief Executive Roger Hochschild ( L - R ) , Bank of America Card Services President Bruce Hammonds and Capital One President for Card Services Ryan Schneider being sworn in . )
" It 's important criteria for how to manage risk and pricing , " said Roger Hochschild , Discover 's president and chief operating officer .
Bruce Hammonds , president of Bank of America Card Services , said his bank also considers customer behavior on an account and their debt to others , in addition to credit scores .
But it 's the behavior of credit - card issuers that prompted several consumers to testify before Levin 's subcommittee about not being informed when their rates were hiked .
Janet Hard of Freeland , Mich. , said her Discover credit - card rate nearly tripled without adequate notice and that issuers send " deliberately misleading and confusing " information .
With Americans weighed down by some $ 900 billion in credit - card debt  an average $ 2,200 per household  practices of the very profitable industry have been ripe for scrutiny by the Democratic - controlled Congress .
Levin 's subcommittee , which has been investigating the industry , looked at how credit - card issuers raise consumers ' rates , to as high as 30 percent , when their so - called FICO credit scores decline  even if they 've paid credit - card bills regularly and promptly .
In many cases , consumers have little notice of the increased rate , which are automatically triggered by declines in FICO scores for reasons left unexplained , the subcommittee found .
In some cases , just opening another account , such as a department store credit card , could trigger the downgrade in credit score .
In one of the cases cited by the subcommittee , Marjorie Hancock of Arlington , Mass. , wound up with interest rates on her four Bank of America credit cards of 8 percent , 14 percent , 19 percent and 27 percent , even though her credit risk is the same for all four .
Ken Clayton , managing director of card policy for the American Bankers Association , which represents the banking industry , said Monday : " Costs for nearly every product can change , be it because consumer 's risk profiles change or because underlying costs change .
Credit cards are no different . "
Five big financial companies  Discover , Bank of America. , Citigroup Inc. , JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Capital One Financial Corp.  issue around 80 percent of U.S. credit cards , according to the subcommittee .
A Capital One official also testified at Tuesday 's hearing .
Citigroup , JPMorgan Chase and Capital
One said they will discontinue the practice ; Citigroup 's change already is in place and JPMorgan Chase 's will take effect in March .
But Levin says legislation may still be needed to get other companies to do the same .
Larry DiRita , a spokesman for Bank of America , said its customers " have the right to say ' no ' to an increase . "
AP Business Writer Marcy Gordon in Washington contributed to this report .
( with wire reports )
This video is from The Associated Press , broadcast on December 4 , 2007 .
When you pluck a note on a guitar string , there is n't very much that can go wrong .
You may not play the right note at the right time , of course , but a single note will always come out at the expected pitch , and sounding reasonably musical .
When a beginner tries to play a violin , things are much more difficult .
When a bow is drawn across a string , the result might be a musical note at the desired pitch , but on the other hand it might be an undesirable whistle , screech or graunch .
This difference stems from a fundamental distinction between the physics of plucked and bowed strings .
Linear versus nonlinear : plucked versus bowed
A plucked string , like that on a guitar , can be described by linear systems theory .
The essential feature of a linear system is that if you can find two different solutions to the governing equations , then the sum of the two is also a solution .
In the context of vibration , this idea has a direct physical application .
The first few vibration modes of a vibrating string ...
A vibrating object like a stretched string has certain resonance frequencies , each associated with a particular pattern of vibration called a vibration mode .
The corresponding resonance frequencies are the " fundamental " and " harmonics " of the note to which the string is tuned .
If the string is set into vibration in the shape of one of these modes it will continue to vibrate in this shape at the corresponding resonance frequency , with an amplitude which gradually dies away as the energy is dissipated into sound and heat .
... and a string vibrating in all three modes at once
Now if the string is vibrated in a way that involves several of the mode shapes at once , then the principle of linearity comes into play .
Each mode simply goes its own way , vibrating at its particular resonance frequency , and the total sound is the sum of the contributions from these separate modes ( you can read more about adding harmonics in Music of the Primes in Issue 28 ) .
The guitar player can vary the mixture of amplitudes of the various modes , by plucking at different points on the string or using a different plectrum , but the set of resonance frequencies is always the same .
In musical terms , the pitch of the note is always the same but the tonal quality can be adjusted .
( To find out more about plucked strings and percussion instruments read the article What makes an object into a musical instrument ? )
A bowed string is different .
A note on a violin can be sustained for as long as your bow - stroke lasts , with a steady amplitude .
Although energy is being dissipated into sound and heat , somehow the bow is supplying additional energy at exactly the right rate to compensate .
This is one identifying sign of a non -linear system , for which the idea of adding contributions from different vibration modes cannot be applied in the simple way described above .
The theory of such systems is always more intricate , and there is scope for very complicated outcomes and chaotic behaviour ( read more about chaos in Issue 26 ) .
The range of good and bad noises which can be made on a violin string are examples of these complicated outcomes .
The same general comments apply equally well to other musical instrument capable of a sustained tone such as the woodwind and brass instruments .
The motion of a bowed string
The string appears to vibrate in a parabola - like shape ...
So how does a violin string vibrate ?
This question was first answered by Hermann von Helmholtz 140 years ago .
When a violin is played in a normal way to produce a conventionally acceptable sound , the string can be seen to vibrate .
To the naked eye , the string appears to move back and forth in a parabola - like shape , looking rather like the first mode of free vibration of a stretched elastic string .
... but it actually moves in a V - shape .
However , upon closer inspection , Helmholtz observed that it moved in a very unexpected way : the string actually moves in a " V " - shape , i.e. the string gets divided into two straight portions which meet at a sharp corner .
The fact that we see a gently curving ( parabola - like ) outline to the string 's motion with the naked eye is because this sharp corner moves back and forth along this curve .
Hence we only normally see the " envelope " , or outline , of the motion of the string .
This motion , called Helmhotz motion is illustrated in this animation :
Helmholtz motion
The vertex of the V , called the Helmholtz corner , travels back and forth along the string .
Each time this Helmholtz corner passes the bow , it triggers a transition between sticking and sliding friction : while the corner travels from bow to finger and back , the string sticks to the bow and is dragged along with it ; then the string slips along the bow hairs ( travelling in the opposite direction to the bow ) while the corner travels to the bridge and back .
The alternation between the two kinds of friction supplies the non-linear element to the system .
( Find out how to observe the Helmholtz motion for yourself . )
If the violinist does n't press hard enough with the bow , then instead of Helmholtz motion the string may move as shown here :
Double slipping motion
There are now two travelling corners on the string , and there are two episodes of slipping per cycle of the vibration .
The result is a note at the same pitch as the Helmholtz motion , but with a different waveform and a different sound .
For whatever historical reason , this sound is not regarded as acceptable , at least by Western classical violinists .
Your violin teacher is likely to dismiss it as " surface sound " , and tell you to practise more until you learn not to do it .
The switch from Helmholtz motion to this double - slipping motion sets a minimum acceptable level to the bow force , the force with which the bow is pressed against the string .
There is also a maximum acceptable bow force .
If the bow is pressed too hard , instead of a musical note the violin may produce a raucous " graunch " noise .
The vibration of the string is no longer regular , but switches to a chaotic pattern .
Needless to say , this sound is also disapproved of by violin teachers .
But bow force is not enough
The conditions for minimum and maximum bow force can tell us something interesting about the difficulty of playing the violin .
When a simple analysis is done of these two conditions , it turns out that they both depend , among other things , on the position of the bow on the string .
Suppose the length of the string is , and that the bow is applied a distance from the bridge , where is usually a rather small number for normal violin playing .
Then it can be shown that the maximum bow force is proportional to , while the minimum bow force is proportional to .
These two conditions can be combined in a graphical form first suggested by John Schelleng in the 1960s .
It is most convenient to plot the bow force and the bow position on logarithmic scales , so that the two power - law relations become straight lines .
The diagram then looks schematically like this :
The Schelleng diagram of bow force versus position for a long steady bow stroke
The shaded wedge shows the region within which Helmholtz motion can be achieved .
Outside that region , the string does one or other of the undesirable things described above .
It is immediately clear that it is easier to produce Helmholtz motion if the bow is away from the bridge : if the bow is too close to the bridge , the two force limits converge and it might not be possible to achieve Helmholtz motion at all .
But the picture reveals something else which is relevant to beginners on the violin .
When you first try to play , you have many different things to think about : controlling the bow to touch the correct string , adjusting your left hand to finger the correct note , and so on .
It can therefore happen that a beginner does not pay much attention to the position of the bow on the string , .
In other words , a beginner may move randomly along a more - or - less horizontal line in the Schelleng diagram .
The shape of the Helmholtz region in the diagram immediately reveals that this could lead to falling below the minimum force line or rising above the maximum force line , even without the bow force being varied .
Playability
Of course , this is not the whole story about why the violin takes such a lot of practice in order to learn to play it well .
The Schelleng diagram really only tells us about the possibility of obtaining Helmholtz motion during a long , steady bow - stroke .
But will I get Helmholtz motion ?
But violinists do n't just want to play long , steady bow strokes .
For musical purposes a wide variety of different bowing gestures are used , such as martelé ( hammered bowing with a sudden release ) and spiccato ( rapid detached notes with the bow bouncing off the strings ) .
A more advanced player will be interested in questions like " If I perform such - and - such a bow - stroke , will I get a Helmholtz motion ?
How long will it take to become established ? " .
The second question is particularly important , because there is usually a transient period of non-regular motion of the string which may make the start of the note sound scratchy .
A good bow gesture will minimise the length of this transient period , and establish Helmholtz motion quickly to give a crisp - sounding note .
This leads to the idea of playability of an instrument .
Everyone knows that some violins are a great deal more valuable than others .
Why does this happen , when all normal violins appear to be very similar ?
One aspect of this is " beauty of sound " from the instrument , which is very difficult to address in scientific terms because you first have to find out what a listener means by beautiful sound .
However , if you watch a violinist trying out instruments , you may hear comments like " I do n't really like the sound of this one , but it is very easy to play " , or " This one sounds good but it is very slow to speak " .
Players are not only interested in sound quality , whatever that may mean precisely , but they are also interested in ease of playing - the playability of the instrument .
If one violin is more accommodating than another , in terms of producing Helmholtz motion more reliably or faster , then that violin is likely to be preferred by a player .
Virtual violins
Unlike beauty of sound , this issue of playability lends itself to scientific investigation using mathematical models of a bowed violin string .
Over the last 30 years increasingly sophisticated models have been developed .
These models are too complicated to solve by pencil and paper mathematical methods , but they can be used to produce computer simulations of how a string on a particular violin will respond to a certain bow gesture .
The models can explain a lot of the complicated things which a violin string can do , and they are beginning to be good enough to use to explore design questions : how could the design of a string , or bow , or violin body , be modified to improve the playability ?
In a curiously circular way these theoretical models are also being used directly to make music .
As computers have got faster it has become possible to run increasingly sophisticated simulation models in real time , to make " virtual musical instruments " , where a mathematical model of an acoustic instrument is used as the basis of an electronic instrument ( read more in our interview with an Audio software engineer in Issue 27 ) .
Some of the most expensive musical synthesiser systems use this approach , in what is called physical modelling synthesis .
Considering the complicated way in which a bowed violin string vibrates , it is not surprising that the violin is a difficult instrument to learn .
There is a fine line between achieving Helmholtz motion and creating unacceptable surface and raucous sounds , whether you are just learning to play or are tackling the more advanced bowing techniques .
But there is hope for those who have never learnt play the real thing : mathematical models of the physics of a bowed string may allow you to play a virtual violin after all .
About the authors
After a first degree in mathematics at Cambridge , Jim Woodhouse did a PhD on the acoustics of the violin , in the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at Cambridge ( this work being inspired by a hobby interest in building instruments ) .
He then worked for an engineering consultancy firm for a few years , on a variety of problems in structural vibration , before joining the Engineering Department of the University ( in 1985 ) as Lecturer , then later Reader and Professor .
His research interests all involve vibration , and musical instruments have continued to form a major part .
Paul Galluzzo studied engineering as an undergraduate at Cambridge University , specializing in fluid dynamics .
He is also a keen violinist , with vast experience performing in various countries .
Pooling these engineering and musical backgrounds , he subsequently did a PhD on the acoustics of the violin at Cambridge University , specializing in the mechanics of bowed strings .
He currently works for an engineering consultancy firm , in various fields involving mechanics and fluid dynamics , and is also involved with work in physiology and electrochemistry .
He was recently elected to a Fellowship of Trinity College , Cambridge .
Teen Killed by Cops Had Brush , Not Gun Hiding hairbrush , teen screams " I 've got a gun and I 'm gonna shoot you . "
Nov. 13 , 2007  -- A Brooklyn , N.Y. , teenager apparently armed only with a hairbrush who died in a hail of 20 police bullets Monday night is heard screaming " I got a gun and I 'm gonna shoot you , " on a 911 recording released this afternoon by the New York Police Department .
Khiel Coppin repeatedly threatened to " do something bad " and was talking about suicide yesterday morning , prompting his mother to call an interfaith crisis center for assistance , according to a press conference by NYPD commissioner Ray Kelly .
He added that Coppin had previously been hospitalized at Kings County Hospital psychiatric ward and was taking anti-psychotic drugs .
When crisis center workers arrived at the apartment in a public housing project in Brooklyn 's Bedford - Stuyvesant neighborhood , the 18 - year - old African - American man had already left , said Kelly .
When Coppin returned to the apartment , he refused his mother 's requests to leave , picked up a tape dispenser , put it under his shirt and said he was " prepared to die , " according to the commissioner .
That prompted his mother , Denise Owens , to call 911 on which a young man can be heard shouting " I got a f----- gun . "
According to Kelly 's account , police officers arrived at the apartment to find Coppin in the front hallway holding a knife in each hand , while his mother and her 11 - year - old daughter stood nearby .
He told officers that he was armed with a gun , lunging towards them and saying , " Shoot me , kill me ! , " says Kelly .
Coppin then moved to a bedroom at the back of the apartment , every once in a while revealing himself and holding something under his sweatshirt and yelling , " Come get me .
I have a gun .
Let 's do this ! , " according to Kelly .
A few minutes later , Coppin jumped out the first - floor window and confronted police officers at the front of the building , says Kelly .
When he " ignored multiple directives to show his hands , " and reached under his sweatshirt and pulled out an object in the darkness of the evening , officers crouching behind parked cars fired on him .
Coppin was hit in the torso and lower leg eight times by two Hispanic and three white officers who fired 20 shots .
Under his lifeless body , officers found the hairbrush he had been wielding .
Kelly called the shooting a " terrible tragedy , " adding that his condolences went out to Coppin 's mother and family .
The press conference was the NYPD 's first decisive move to distinguish this incident from previous , controversial New York police shootings that divided the city and brought a firestorm of criticism from a number of different directions , most of which characterized city cops as trigger - happy and motivated by race .
In November 2006 , an unarmed man named Sean Bell was killed after police fired 50 bullets at his car on what turned out to be his wedding day .
In 1999 , an unarmed African immigrant named Amadou Diallo was killed when police fired 41 shots at him .
Diallo had been pulling a wallet , not a gun , out of his pocket .
The Diallo shooting prompted Bruce Springsteen to pen a song called " American Skin ( 41 Shots ) . "
Though Springsteen 's song was not directly critical of the police , tensions were so high in New York City when the rock icon debuted the song there at Madison Square Garden the next summer , the city 's largest police union boycotted the concerts and Springsteen 's music .
At a press conference held by Al Sharpton 's National Action Network and Coppin 's family at 4 p.m. , a representative for the family disputed the police version of events , asking the public to wait for a fuller account of the incident .
" There is no credible evidence at this time that this was a suicide , " the representative said when asked whether Coppin was seeking a suicide - by - cop .
" At some point in his life , he 's had some mental distress but whether that affected his judgment , that remains to be seen . "
Coppin had previously been incarcerated as a youthful offender and diagnosed with psychiatric problems , a source said , based on the review of a summary of a youthful offender report .
To date , however , there is no indication that he had been treated since his release .
At least one neighbor reportedly challenged the police version of events .
" I saw him put his hands out of the window , and then he got on top of the windowsill and sat down and jumped onto the street with his hands up and the brush in his hands , " Andre Sanchez , 17 , told the New York Post .
" And that 's when they shot him . "
WABC - TV's Mark Crudele contributed to this report .
ANYONE who follows technology or military affairs has heard the predictions for more than a decade .
Cyberwar is coming .
Although the long - announced , long - awaited computer - based conflict has yet to occur , the forecast grows more ominous with every telling : an onslaught is brought by a warring nation , backed by its brains and computing resources ; banks and other businesses in the enemy states are destroyed ; governments grind to a halt ; telephones disconnect ; the microchip - controlled Tickle Me Elmos will be transformed into unstoppable killing machines .
No , that last item is not part of the scenario , mostly because those microprocessor - controlled toys are n’t connected to the Internet through the industrial remote - control technologies known as Scada systems , for Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition .
The technology allows remote monitoring and control of operations like manufacturing production lines and civil works projects like dams .
So security experts envision terrorists at a keyboard remotely shutting down factory floors or opening a dam ’s floodgates to devastate cities downstream .
But how bad would a cyberwar really be — especially when compared with the blood - and - guts genuine article ?
And is there really a chance it would happen at all ?
Whatever the answer , governments are readying themselves for the Big One .
China , security experts believe , has long probed United States networks .
According to a 2007 Defense Department annual report to Congress , China ’s military has invested heavily in electronic countermeasures and defenses against attack , and concepts like “ computer network attack , computer network defense and computer network exploitation . ”
WASHINGTON —
No one had any hard questions for the deputy administrator of FEMA , an agency deeply tarnished by its delayed action after Hurricane Katrina , when he held a news conference Tuesday to talk about the California wildfires .
“ Are you happy with FEMA ’s response so far ? ” someone asked .
Indeed , the deputy administrator was .
“ I am very happy with FEMA ’s response so far , ” responded Vice Adm .
Harvey E. Johnson Jr .
The news conference looked like a success in the Bush administration ’s effort this week to demonstrate it could respond competently to a disaster .
On Friday , however , the agency admitted that the softball questions were posed by FEMA employees , not reporters .
The White House was not happy with FEMA ’s response .
“ It is not a practice that we would employ here at the White House , ” said Press Secretary Dana Perino , mentioning three times that it was an “ error in judgment . ”
“ It ’s not something I would have condoned , and they , I ’m sure , will not do it again . ”
The Department of Homeland Security , which oversees FEMA , was less happy .
“ This is inexcusable and offensive , and stunts like this will not be tolerated or repeated , ” said spokeswoman Laura Keehner .
“ It was a lapse of judgment , and we find it offensive , and it wo n’t happen again . ”
The Federal Emergency Management Agency apologized for the event , but protested that it was not intended to deceive .
FEMA announced the news conference with 15 minutes ’ notice and provided an 800 number for reporters , but it was not set up to take questions .
When no reporters showed up , FEMA provided stand - ins to ask questions and a video feed .
Several channels broadcast parts of the event live .
“ FEMA ’s goal is to get information out as soon as possible , and in trying to do so we made an error in judgment , ” Johnson acknowledged in a statement .
“ Our intent was to provide useful information and be responsive to the many questions we have received .
We are reviewing our press procedures and will make the changes necessary to ensure that all of our communications are straightforward and transparent . ”
Perino also said that the agency was just trying to provide information : “ There were so many questions pouring in .
It was just a bad way to handle it , and they know that . ”
FEMA ’s “ error in judgment ” comes just more than two years after its agonizingly slow - motion response to thousands of displaced New Orleans residents who waited for help in dreadful conditions at the Superdome .
Michael D. Brown , the agency ’s head , resigned under fire after he became an embarrassment to President Bush , who appeared out of touch when he praised Brown with the memorable comment : “ Brownie , you ’re doing a heck of a job . ”
Johnson , a retired Coast Guard officer who came to FEMA after the 2005 hurricane , started the briefing Tuesday with a brief statement and took six questions from FEMA employees .
On the video , however , it was unclear who was asked the questions .
The questions focused on FEMA ’s relief efforts for Southern California wildfire victims and whether FEMA had been doing an adequate job .
“ I think what you ’re really seeing here is the benefit of experience , the benefit of good leadership and the benefit of good partnership , ” Johnson said , “ none of which were present in Katrina . ”
jordy.yager@latimes.com
システム開発、保守、運用を調査
最適な工期は 「 投入人月の立方根 の2.4倍 」、JUASが調査
日本情報システム・ユーザー協会（JUAS）は7月5日、ユーザー企業102社の357プロジェクトを調査した「ソフトウェアメトリックス調査2007」を発表した。システム開発の企画、開発計画に始まり、保守や運用管理まで実態を調査した内容で、企業情報システムの実態を伝える。調査結果からは“デスマーチ”となるプロジェクトの実態も浮かび上がった。
JUAS の専務理事 細川泰秀 氏
デスマーチ化するプロジェクトの条件の1つは工期の設定が不適切であることだろう。調査から導き出された標準開発工期は「投入人月の立方根の2.4倍」。調査対象のプロジェクトの全体工数と全体工期をグラフ化し、回帰直線によって求めた。この計算によれば1000人月のプロジェクトの場合は24カ月の工期を設定するのが標準的といえる。事情によってこの標準工期よりも短い工期しか取れない場合は、その短縮率を計算して対策を採るべきとJUASは提言。だが、「（短縮率が）30％以上の短い期間での開発は無謀である」（JUAS）としている。
調査したプロジェクトのうち、事前の予定通りの工期で開発を終えられたのは70％以上で、工期に関しての失敗はそれほど多くないことが分かる。遅延する理由で最も多いのは「要件仕様の決定遅れ」。3位は「要件分析作業が不十分」で、ユーザー企業が行うべき上位工程での不具合が工期全体に影響を与えているようだ。
工数（人月）の設定ではシステムの画面数やファイル数も使える。調査から導き出されたのは「必要工数＝0.1×ファイル数＋1.3×画面数＋0.3×バッチ数」という数式。その中でも工数と最も高い相関を示すのは画面数で、「必要工数＝画面数×1.55」との数式も示された。
完成したシステムの品質の計算では、ユーザーが発見した欠陥数をプロジェクトの全体工数、または発注金額で除した欠陥率を使用。調査したプロジェクトの欠陥率は、平均値で0.81個、中央値で0.33個との値になった。1人月を100万円と計算すると、欠陥が5人月（500万円）当たり1件に収まっているプロジェクトは全体の約40％。JUSAは「5人月（500万円）当たり1件以下」を目標にすべきと提言している。
5年の総保守費用は開発費の2倍
調査ではシステム保守に大きなコストがかかっていることも分かった。調査結果によると、システムを自社で開発した場合、5年間の総保守費用は初期開発費用の2倍。パッケージソフトウェアを使った場合は本体保守が年間に本体金額の20％前後、アドオン開発が10％前後というのが平均の値だった。保守作業は自社、あるいは情報システム子会社が行っているという答えが8割だった。
2007で初めて行ったシステム運用についての調査では、ホスト1台当たり5人の運用担当者、サーバは1人が50台を運用できるとの基準が分かった。ただ、サーバの種類などによってこれ以上の人員が必要になるケースもある。
（ ＠IT 垣内郁栄 ）
情報をお寄せください：
Mozilla developers have hit back at a Microsoft study that suggests Internet Explorer is more secure than Firefox .
The study , Internet Explorer and Firefox Vulnerability Analysis , is based on a comparison between the number and severity of security updates issued for IE and Firefox since the release of Firefox in November 2004 .
In the three years since then , Microsoft has fixed 87 vulnerabilities in various flavours of IE while Mozilla has patched 199 vulnerabilities in Firefox products .
The report , compiled by Jeff Jones , a security strategy director in Microsoft 's Trustworthy Computing group , also found IE scored fewer vulnerabilities than Firefox across all categories of severity .
Mozilla said Microsoft 's comparison is , at best , meaningless .
" Just because dentists fix more teeth in America does n't mean our teeth are worse than in Africa , " Mike Shaver , chief evangelist for Mozilla told eWEEK .
Shaver took particular exception at Microsoft 's decision to equate a large number of bug fixes with insecure software .
" It 's something you 'd expect from maybe an undergrad , " he said .
" It 's very disappointing to see somebody in a senior security position come out and say that because an organisation is more transparent about their bugs and fixing them , they 're somehow less secure . "
Shaver added that even taken on its own merits the comparison between IE and Firefox is potentially misleading because Redmond often bundles multiple fixes in a single update , a phenomenon repeated to an even greater extent with the release of service packs .
Mozilla is putting an effort into encouraging users to update to the latest version of its software more quickly alongside greater emphasis on rapidly responding to security problems .
Microsoft 's efforts to suggest this is a bad thing are out of tune with the rest of the industry , Shaver argues .
" Should n't they be trying to fix more bugs , rather than writing reports that would ' punish ' them for actively improving the security of their users rather than hoping that defects are n't found by someone who they can't keep quiet ? "
" Microsoft should be embarrassed to be associated with this sort of ridiculous ' analysis ' .
We do n't pretend that hiding the rate of fixes improves our users ' security in any way , and we never will .
We 're transparent and aggressive in dealing with security issues , and 130 million Firefox users are safer for it every day , " Shaver writes in a blog posting here .
Microsoft 's Jones is no stranger to controversy .
His previous study - a comparison between the number of security vulnerabilities in Windows Vista , Mac OS X , and Ubuntu Linux in the first six months of availability of the respective OSes - united Mac and Linux fans in opposition to Redmond 's contention that Vista was more secure than its rivals . ®
SHENANDOAH , Iowa , Nov. 20 — Fog may have diverted Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s plane from her campaign stop here on Tuesday , but that did not prevent her from continuing her attacks on Senator Barack Obama ’s experience .
It was an odd moment .
Mrs. Clinton , her voice piped in over a sound system , apologized for missing the event , expressed concern about the safety of food and toys from overseas and , pivoting off the overseas topic , tweaked Mr. Obama for saying on Monday that living overseas as a child had increased his experience in foreign relations .
Mrs. Clinton , who this week in Iowa has been making an issue of Mr. Obama ’s experience , said the next president would face two wars and fraying alliances .
She said she had traveled broadly and had “ met with countless world leaders ” and knew many of them personally .
“ Now voters will judge whether living in a foreign country at the age of 10 prepares one to face the big , complex international challenges that the next president will face , ” Mrs. Clinton said .
“ I think we need a president with more experience than that . ”
In 2004 , approximately 3.57 billion gallons of ethanol were used as a gas additive in the United States , according to the Renewable Fuels Association ( RFA ) .
During the February State of the Union address , President George Bush urged Congress to pass an energy bill that would pump up the amount to 5 billion gallons by 2012 .
UC Berkeley geoengineering professor Tad W. Patzek thinks that 's a very bad idea .
For two years , Patzek has analyzed the environmental ramifications of ethanol , a renewable fuel that many believe could significantly reduce our dependence on petroleum - based fossil fuels .
According to Patzek though , ethanol may do more harm than good .
" In terms of renewable fuels , ethanol is the worst solution , " Patzek says .
" It has the highest energy cost with the least benefit . "
Ethanol is produced by fermenting renewable crops like corn or sugarcane .
It may sound green , Patzek says , but that 's because many scientists are not looking at the whole picture .
According to his research , more fossil energy is used to produce ethanol than the energy contained within it .
Patzek 's ethanol critique began during a freshman seminar he taught in which he and his students calculated the energy balance of the biofuel .
Taking into account the energy required to grow the corn and convert it into ethanol , they determined that burning the biofuel as a gasoline additive actually results in a net energy loss of 65 percent .
Later , Patzek says he realized the loss is much more than that even .
" Limiting yourself to the energy balance , and within that balance , just the fossil fuel used , is just scraping the surface of the problem , " he says .
" Corn is not ' free energy . ' "
Recently , Patzek published a fifty - page study on the subject in the journal Critical Reviews in Plant Science .
This time , he factored in the myriad energy inputs required by industrial agriculture , from the amount of fuel used to produce fertilizers and corn seeds to the transportation and wastewater disposal costs .
All told , he believes that the cumulative energy consumed in corn farming and ethanol production is six times greater than what the end product provides your car engine in terms of power .
advertisement
Patzek is also concerned about the sustainability of industrial farming in developing nations where surgarcane and trees are grown as feedstock for ethanol and other biofuels .
Using United Nations data , he examined the production cycles of plantations hundreds of billions of tons of raw material .
" One farm for the local village probably makes sense , " he says .
" But if you have a 100,000 acre plantation exporting biomass on contract to Europe , that 's a completely different story .
From one square meter of land , you can get roughly one watt of energy .
The price you pay is that in Brazil alone you annually damage a jungle the size of Greece . "
If ethanol is as much of an environmental Trojan horse as Patzek 's data suggests , what is the solution ?
The researcher sees several possibilities , all of which can be explored in tandem .
First , he says , is to divert funds earmarked for ethanol to improve the efficiency of fuel cells and hybrid electric cars .
" Can engineers double the mileage of these cars ? " he asks .
" If so , we can cut down the petroleum consumption in the US by one - third . "
For generating electricity on the grid , Patzek 's " favorite renewable energy " to replace coal is solar .
Unfortunately , he says that solar cell technology is still too immature for use in large power stations .
Until it 's ready for prime time , he has a suggestion that could raise even more controversy than his criticisms of ethanol additives .
" I 've come to the conclusion that if we 're smart about it , nuclear power plants may be the lesser of the evils when we compare them with coal - fired plants and their impact on global warming , " he says .
" We 're going to pay now or later .
The question is what 's the smallest price we 'll have to pay ? "
Scientists are unsure what the beast would have eaten
Enlarge Image
While some have theorised that meat - eating dinosaurs got smaller as they evolved to be more bird - like , this beast weighed about 1,400kg ( 3,080lbs ) .
That is about 35 times heavier than other dinosaurs of its ilk .
Nature journal reports that the beaked animal was 8 m ( 26ft ) long and twice as tall as a man at the shoulder ; yet it was only a young adult when it died .
The authors suggest the dinosaur 's enormous size was due to a fast growth rate , faster even than the precocious Tyrannosaurus rex .
However , precisely what it ate is a mystery .
Gigantoraptor erlianensis had some features associated with meat - eating dinosaurs , such as sharp claws for tearing flesh ; but it also had some features associated with plant - eaters , such as a small head and long neck .
Arrested development
Chinese researchers uncovered the fossilised remains of the flightless giant in the Erlian basin in Inner Mongolia .
The researchers had originally thought they had found the bones of a tyrannosaur - the group of dinosaurs to which T. rex belongs - due to their large size .
The bones were so big , they were thought to be from a tyrannosaur
According to lines of arrested growth detected on its bones , it died in its 11th year of life .
The team says it is very probable G. erlianensis had feathers - although none were identified from the recovered fossils .
" It was a very surprising discovery , not at all what we expected , " said Xu Ling , a palaeontologist at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing and co-author on the Nature paper .
" We think it 's the largest feathered animal ever to have been discovered . "
Growth spurt
Gigantoraptor could probably run relatively quickly on its long , powerful legs .
The dinosaur was twice as tall as a man at the shoulder
Enlarge Image
" They show that it had a very fast growth rate so it probably got big by growing very rapidly , rather than growing for a very long period of time . "
Dr Barrett added that the animal was not on the direct evolutionary line leading to today 's birds .
This supported the notion , he said , that the features we associate with modern birds probably arose more than once in their close relatives .
DIGG THIS
This is the month of the reports .
The Government Accountability Office has already made its report on the war in Iraq ; next comes a Marine general , and then the big kahuna , Gen. David Petraeus .
All of the reports are predictable , and none of them will sway President Bush from his stay - the - course policy .
Nor will the Democrats find the courage to stop the war .
The reports can be summed up as we are making some progress here , not so much there , and we need more time .
And , of course , more money .
The rhetoric will be like the wind , full of sound and fury , signifying nothing .
Keep in mind , too , that the Bush administration people lie like a drunken fisherman .
The Bush technique is to just repeat talking points , even when confronted with facts that contradict them .
Rep. Charles Boustany , a Republican congressman from Louisiana , is typical of the Bush parrots .
He tried to get away with the talking point that sectarian deaths are down .
CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer pointed out that Iraqi Health Ministry counts show that civilian deaths are increasing .
The congressman then indicated he meant sectarian attacks .
That might be true , because there are very few Sunnis left in Baghdad for the Shiite militias to murder .
Practically all of the 2 million displaced and refugees are Sunnis .
Baghdad is now virtually all Shiite .
But the congressman tried to get away with another talking point .
" Well , " he said , " I would have never thought that four members of Congress would be able to walk through the streets of Fallujah . "
" But you had a lot of security , " Blitzer said .
" A platoon of Marines , " Boustany said .
The little weasel would never have mentioned the Marines if Blitzer had n’t called him on it .
He meant to leave the misleading impression that four American congressmen could safely take a stroll unescorted in Fallujah , which is not so .
Besides having been virtually destroyed , with most of its people killed , imprisoned or driven out , in Fallujah all cars have been banned since May .
A Sheik Salim put it well when he said : " To say that Fallujah is quiet is true .
You can see it in the streets .
The city is practically dead , and the dead are quiet . "
Bush , by the way , really hacked off some of the Iraqi government officials by spending his eight - hour visit on an American military base .
He did it to make the claim that al - Anbar province is pacified .
That ’s not true either .
In July , citizens of Anbar killed 20 American soldiers .
The only thing that ’s happened is that the Sunni tribal leaders have turned on al - Qaida and started killing its members .
Now the U.S. is arming some of the Sunni militias , which infuriates the Shiite militias .
You tell me how we are going to reconcile arming Sunni militias while demanding Shiite militias be disbanded .
As usual , American policy is a muddle of contradictions .
Congress needs to throw the switch and cut off the money .
There ’s enough in the pipeline to safely evacuate American troops from Iraq .
If Congress does n’t do that , American troops will be in Iraq and dying for years to come , because you can bet your cowboy boots that ’s exactly the plan .
And by the way , do n’t be fooled by this business of Bush claiming to do what the generals want .
That ’s a deliberate deception .
It is the generals who do — and say — what they think their commander in chief wants them to do and say .
Their careers are at his mercy , and they know it .
As a rule of thumb , do n’t believe anybody above the rank of lieutenant colonel .
That ’s the rank most warriors are forced to retire at .
Most of the rest are politicians in uniform .
Charley Reese [ send him mail ] has been a journalist for 49 years .
The Best of Charley Reese
Spokesman : Romney Not “ Equating Or Comparing Anyone ” When Holding “ Obama Osama ” Sign
As you may have seen today , TMZ.com has obtained two photos of Mitt Romney posing with a supporter in South Carolina .
The supporter was holding a sign with the homemade writing , “ NO TO OBAMA OSAMA AND CHELSEA’S MOMA ” ( sic ) .
In the second photo , Romney is himself holding up the sign with the supporter .
At least as disturbing as equating Senators Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton is the expressions on the supporter ’s face and Romney ’s .
Saying that two U.S. Senators are as evil as a murderous terrorist is just so funny to them .
Just another day in the world of politics .
Mitt and his supporter have made the unhinged a ordinary social custom like having apple pie and coffee with the neighbors .
The Right might have hit its peak with making deranged behavior the new normal .
Of course the price they pay for that is giving license to their opponents and their supporters to make the same comparisons .
I ’ve read enough from veterans and Iraq veterans in particular to think that the troops were leaning Democrat , but I find the degree of their financial support amazing and encouraging , 70.6 % of money from the troops was to anti-war candidates
I ’m taking a break from reading right - wing blogs today , but Mahablog has a critical look at Dean Barnett ’s essay at The Weakly Standard , It ’s Easy Being Right Barnett has the nerve to write this
It is surely a measure of how far we ’ve come as a society from the dark days of the 1960s that things like military service and duty and sacrifice are now celebrated .
Just because Washington and Hollywood have n’t noticed this generational shift does n’t mean it has n’t occurred .
It has , and it ’s seismic .
Here ’s just some of the most vocal pro Iraq war supporters who did n’t serve in Vietnam or Iraq – Dick Cheney , Karl Rove , Elliott Abrams , Paul Wolfowitz , Richard Perle , John Ashcroft .
Dennis Hastert , Bill Bennett , Condoleeza Rice , Katherine Harris , Ann Coulter , Kenn Starr , Antonin Scalia , Ted Olson , Clarence Thomas , Dennis Miller , Ted Nugent , Michael Weiner , Matt Drudge , Lynn Cheney , Bill O’Reilly .
All of them people could have joined the military .
Again Dean ,
Sadly , the excesses of Woodstock became the face of the Boomers ’ response to their moment of challenge .
War protests where agitated youths derided American soldiers as baby - killers added no luster to their image .
Does he mean people like Ted Kennedy who served , or Charlie Rangel who served or John Kerry .
The list if liberals who served is as long as the list of right - wingers who never have .
Remember from just yesterday ’s post , Meet the Next Generation of GOP Hypocrites at the College Republican Convention
Yet when I asked these College Republicans why they were not participating in this historic cause , they immediately went into contortions .
Asthma .
Bad knees from playing catcher in high school .
“ Medical reasons . ”
“ It ’s not for me . ”
These were some of the excuses College Republicans offered for why they could not fight them “ over there . ”
Like the current Republican leaders who skipped out on Vietnam , the GOP ’s next generation would rather cheerlead from the sidelines for the war in Iraq while other , less privileged young men and women fight and die .
Barnett ’s essay is filled with such obvious lies , hypocrisy and distortions that I suspect that he ’s writing purely for an audience of the fringe Right echo chamber .
People that only read what reaffirms their world view .
They read Barnett ’s essay and walk away feeling an affirmation of their fun house mirror version of reality is the one and only true world .
Barnett also writes that soldiers have not committed any atrocities in Iraq or Vietnam .
That would be a lie .
The majority of the military in general in both conflicts acted honorably enough , but it is a dangerous to pretend that such atrocities never occurred – Marine killed women , children in Haditha dwelling and Vietnam atrocities revealed in report .
More here – Questions and More Questions
Barnett might want to read this though I doubt it will help with his cognitive dissonance syndrome , Why It ’s Hard to Admit to Being Wrong
Dissonance is disquieting because to hold two ideas that contradict each other is to flirt with absurdity and , as Albert Camus observed , we humans are creatures who spend our lives trying to convince ourselves that our existence is not absurd .
At the heart of it , Festinger ’s theory is about how people strive to make sense out of contradictory ideas and lead lives that are , at least in their own minds , consistent and meaningful .
The theory inspired more than 3,000 experiments that , taken together , have transformed psychologists ’ understanding of how the human mind works .
Cognitive dissonance has even escaped academia and entered popular culture .
The term is everywhere .
The two of us have heard it in TV newscasts , political columns , magazine articles , bumper stickers , even on a soap opera .
Alex Trebek used it on Jeopardy , Jon Stewart on The Daily Show , and President Bartlet on The West Wing .
Although the expression has been thrown around a lot , few people fully understand its meaning or appreciate its enormous motivational power .
Just recently Democratic Senator Jim Webb confronted Republican Lindsay Graham on Meet The Press and Webb did n’t even bring up the fact he has a son in Iraq – Webb Rips Graham As ‘ Politician Trying To Put His Political Views Into The Mouths Of Soldiers ’ and former Democratic presidential candidate General Wesley Clark also has a son in Iraq , but in the nice neat little right - wing dissonant world of the like Barnetts conveniently leave out facts like that .
In right - wing world only white male Republicans were attacked on 9 - 11 not America and only right - wing Republicans serve their country .
It is as though they ’ve taken some drug induced mental trip and ca n’t come down .
Only its not a trip caused by drugs , but a politics composed of such poisonous delusional extremes it has blinded them to the truth and complexities of the real world .
The Other War : Iraq Vets Bear Witness
Church of Scientology critic fights his extradition Keith Henson , Scientology
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
May 11 , 2007
Mirsada Buric
prescottdailycourier.com
The Daily Courier , USAMay 11 , 2007 Mirsada Buric
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Friday , November 8 , 2013 at 10:06 AM , Central European Time ( CET )
Simply put , this is the ultimate Forza Motorsport 2 setup , consisting of “ three 360s , three 40 - inch Samsung M8 LCDs , and one racing chair with Xbox 360 steering wheel . ”
This actually shows up the shortcomings of nosecam race view in a standard config ( I feel more justified in my general use of driver / chase view than ever ) .
But this setup is how racing games were meant to be experienced
For centuries Egyptian girls , usually between the ages of 7 and 13 , have been taken to have the procedure done , sometimes by a doctor , sometimes by a barber or whoever else in the village would do it .
As recently as 2005 , a government health survey showed that 96 percent of the thousands of married , divorced or widowed women interviewed said they had undergone the procedure — a figure that astounds even many Egyptians .
In the language of the survey , “ The practice of female circumcision is virtually universal among women of reproductive age in Egypt . ”
Image
At a symposium on female circumcision in Tanta , Egypt , a poster reads , " The Beginning of the End , No to Female Circumcision . "
Credit ... Shawn Baldwin for The New York Times
Though the practice is common and increasingly contentious throughout sub-Saharan Africa , among Arab states the only other place where this practice is customary is in southern Yemen , experts here said .
In Saudi Arabia , where women cannot drive , cannot vote , cannot hold most jobs , the practice is viewed as abhorrent , a reflection of pre-Islamic traditions .
But now , quite suddenly , forces opposing genital cutting in Egypt are pressing back as never before .
More than a century after the first efforts to curb this custom , the movement has broken through one of the main barriers to change :
It is no longer considered taboo to discuss it in public .
That shift seems to have coincided with a small but growing acceptance of talking about human sexuality on television and radio .
For the first time , opponents said , television news shows and newspapers have aggressively reported details of botched operations .
This summer two young girls died , and it was front - page news in Al Masry al Yom , an independent and popular daily .
Activists highlighted the deaths with public demonstrations , which generated even more coverage .
The force behind this unlikely collaboration between government , nongovernment organizations , religious leaders and the news media is a no - nonsense 84 - year - old anthropologist named Marie Assaad , who has been fighting against genital cutting since the 1950s .
“ I never thought I would live to see this day , ” she said , reading about the subject in a widely circulated daily newspaper .
Dr. Nasr el - Sayyid , assistant to the minister of health , said there had already been a drop in urban areas , along with an aggressive effort in more than 100 villages , mostly in the south , to curb the practice .
“ Our plan and program over the next two years is aiming to take it down 20 percent nationwide , ” he said .
They say " knowledge is power , " but " they " seem to forget that most of our knowledge is devoted to subjects that are completely useless and retarded .
If you could somehow harness just the brain power that 's currently being spent on , say , memorizing fantasy football stats , you could probably cure cancer .
Nowhere is humanity 's obsession with the inconsequential more obvious than on Wikipedia , where even the most obscure topics get propped up on enormous blocks of text .
Here are the most depressing -- and somewhat frightening -- examples .
Advertisement
8 List of Ancient Jedi Continue Reading Below Advertisement Summary :
This is a comprehensive list of Jedi that , oddly enough , have never actually appeared in a Star Wars movie .
Instead , the list includes any and every Jedi who was referenced , even in passing , in every Star Wars book , comic or video game .
Right now , if you make up a Jedi and draw a picture of him on a napkin , you can bet your ass he 'll end up on this list by tomorrow with a full backstory and list of allergies .
Word Count : 24,801 .
That 's more words than Oedipus Rex ( 15,636 ) .
Notable Excerpt :
" S'diawae was a famous Jedi Master who lived sometime between the Ruusan Reformation and the Separatist Crisis .
During the Crisis , in order to boost patriotism and historical recognition , Biscuit Baron released commemorative holocubes of S'diawae in their QuickSnack and QuickSnackLite bundles . "
It was n't written by George Lucas , but , dammit , it ' so pointless and crazy , it ' close enough .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Why We Can Do Without It :
This is a warning :
The more attention that get ' paid to inconsequential members of the Star Wars universe , the more likely it is that George Lucas , spotting a possibility to make additional shitloads of money , will make yet another trilogy and , if history is any indication , it will be worse than its predecessor .
What We 'd Rather Read :
A court order forbidding anyone from adding to , and thereby further ruining , the Star Wars franchise .
This was put out by the New York Port Authority long ago .
By Pallab Ghosh
Science correspondent , BBC News
The proposal to send a unmanned mission called Moonlite into orbit around the Moon has the backing of those planning Nasa 's own return to the Moon .
The US space agency 's administrator , Dr Michael Griffin , has said that he is keen to use UK expertise to carry out scientific studies .
In future , Britain might set up observatories on the lunar surface .
' Right boxes '
A Nasa study to be published in January has described the plan as " inspirational " and concludes that it fills just the right gap in the US agency 's exploration programme .
As a result of such a glowing report , it is understood that Nasa will ask the UK space community to carry out a detailed feasibility study by the end of the summer .
" We 've got to get our ducks in order , but I think the plan ticks all the right boxes and it's extremely likely that we will have the first British mission to the moon launched in 2012 , " Professor Smith said .
If all goes as expected , Nasa will officially back the project and become involved next summer .
It is thought that the Indian Space Agency will also be a partner , but Professor Smith says the project will be UK - led .
The idea is to send a probe to orbit the Moon , and the spacecraft would then fire four suitcase - sized darts called " penetrators " .
These would quite literally enable scientists to scratch below the lunar surface .
They would hit the Moon at extremely high speeds , about 300m /s ( 1080 km / h ) and penetrate to a depth of two metres .
Once embedded in the surface , instruments in the penetrators would listen out for " Moonquakes " .
Analysis of these tremors would shed more light on the chemical and physical structure of the Moon 's rocky interior .
' Own astronauts '
The Moonlite concept has been developed by the Mullard Space Sciences Laboratory ( MSSL ) and Surrey Satellite Technology Limited ( SSTL ) .
Nasa administrator Dr Mike Griffin said he was delighted that the UK was pushing forward with the mission .
" The UK may be geographically small but remains one of the world 's largest economies , " he told BBC News .
" I think for the UK to decide to step forward into space exploration , which is one of the new human frontiers , is all to the good . "
Dr Griffin added that he also wanted the UK to have its own astronauts in future .
" I think enormous benefit would accrue to the UK in joining what I often refer to as the world 's human spaceflight programme , " he suggested .
" The space station programme is approaching a point where it will be behind us ; it will be deployed , it will be operational .
The UK chose not to join that programme . "
But , Dr Griffin added : " The time is now to decide if the UK wants to join the next phase of human spaceflight , which will involve a return to the Moon sometime in the next decade .
" I would very much like to bring our oldest and closest ally into that partnership . "
Here 's Australian comedian Shaun Micallef playing a drunk coming home - For some reason , he can't see to walk upright and his wife did n't approve !
See if you can figure out why ...
From the first season of the Micallef Show on TV ( clip called " Drunk Surgeon / revolving room ) :
Hit play or go to Link [ YouTube ] -
Thanks algonkin !
Update 11/3/07 :
If you like this one , check out his Wine Cellar sketch [ YouTube ] - Thanks wade7 !
Both are fascinating , effective studies of time , movement , image and sound .
His other work has been described as less successful , yet there was no way I was going to miss his collaboration with French artist Philippe Parreno , ' Zidane : A 21st Century Portrait ' .
I 've had a sporadic relationship with Douglas Gordon 's work , yet it's had a profound effect on me when I 've seen it , heard it .
Maybe I 've been lucky enough to have experienced his greatest hits , the two works based around Alfred Hitchcock ; ' 24 Hour Psycho ' , in which the film is slowed down to play over a duration of 24 hours , and ' Feature Film ' , in which a zoom onto a conductor 's hands is foregrounded , guiding the performance of Bernard Herrmann 's soundtrack , while the movie itself is footnoted , diminished .
This is an utterly overwhelming piece .
The ultimate time and motion study , it 's been described many times since its debut at Cannes last year , but for those unfamiliar with the idea , Gordon and Parreno set up 17 cameras to follow Real Madrid ' galactico ' footballer Zinedine Zidane through the course of an average La Liga game .
That 's it .
They follow Zidane the player , not the match .
The idea , in Parreno 's words , was to " make a feature film which follows the main protagonist of a story , without telling the story . "
It 's certainly not a traditional documentary - there is no exposition of the enigmatic Zidane 's life amidst the celebrity culture of Madrid , or of his French - Algerian heritage , growing up in the mean streets of Marseilles .
There are merely a few superimposed fragments of text , apparently from Zidane , which add little in the way of context or explanation .
Without this , the film has only Zidane , and his movements , to portray .
While the careful editing of image and sound is certainly an aesthetic intervention , it is otherwise the purest possible depiction of football .
Given Gordon 's previous work are studies of " time , movement , image and sound " , football is an alluring subject .
( I 've written previously about football , movement , etc. )
But this is also about portraiture , very clearly , and perhaps narrative too .
So these 17 cameras - including the first commercial use of two Panavision HD cameras with specially modified zoom , courtesy of the US Department of Defence - in the hands of the best camera operators in US and Europe - essentially Scorcese and Almodovar 's crews - follow this player , for around 90 minutes , through a fairly average La Liga game against Villareal .
And it 's fascinating , both as a study of portraiture , movement , yes , but also as a study of football .
Zidane has the ball for about , oh , two to three minutes in total .
It 's fairly extraordinary how little he sees of the ball , and yet how creative he is within those constraints .
Of Zidane the player , more later , but this paucity of ball possession also illustrates the overwhelming sensation derived from watching him .
The solitude .
The sheer loneliness of the player , particularly in the number 10 position ( yes , he wears ' 5 ' on his shirt , but Zidane is formally a classic number 10 . )
The pivot through which play is articulated , Zidane has the ball at his feet for a few minutes , yet spends every other microsecond focused on it .
His eyes rarely leave it , or the space around it , or the potential space that could be extrapolated from the perceived trajectories of ball and players .
His focus is extraordinary , the saturated light of the football stadium at night reducing his eye sockets to deep pools of blackness , his face wearing a mask of intense concentration .
Where other players look at each other , the crowd , the referee , Zidane only has eyes for the ball .
The combination of zooms and pans swirl and dart around him , and only occasionally leave him to sweep out to reveal the immense scale of football , the fans eye view and the televisual view through which we usually see the game .
Yet principally , the cameras are so tight that he 's often alone in the frame , their gaze lingering over his hands , his feet , the famous bald profile dripping with sweat , the microphones picking up his pants , grunts , snorts , occasional cries .
Spanish football is perfect for this view .
Close control , rapid interplay - all matador twirls and stilleto flicks .
With the more expansive English game , you 'd need a couple of cameras mounted in the roof .
With the more studious Italian game , some kind of time - lapse , perhaps .
And Zidane himself , the centre around which everything revolves , is perfect as a subject .
Paul Myerscough , in the LRB :
" Zidane .
His cropped hair , his leanness , give an impression of asceticism .
His features are still , his eyes shadowed under heavy brows .
There are flickers of consternation , of irritation , of concern , impatience and contempt ; he smiles only once , sharing a joke with Roberto Carlos .
But for the most part he is impassive .
Even after his finest moment , in the 70th minute of the game , when he glides through the Villarreal defence , spins on his right foot and loops a perfect cross with his left for Ronaldo to score at the far post , his expression barely changes .
It has always been the convention in Hollywood cinematography that the close - up guarantees intimacy with its subject ; in this , it shares with one important tradition of portraiture the notion that the image should express interiority .
In Zidane , the relentless scrutiny of his face yields little in the way of an inner self , still less anything that would help us to account for his sublime skill .
We feel for him , but do not identify with him ; he is alone , lonely even , and distant , other . "
As Parreno notes , Zidane 's reclusive nature also reinforces this sense of distance , that as a person , compared to his then compatriots of Beckham , Figo , Ronaldo et al , 'he only exists after the first kick , and before the last kick - he is the Total Footballer , after Cruyff "
Gordon notes that the entire thing - Zidane , his performance , and the artwork - is really " an exercise in solitude . "
Fragility too .
It seems odd to describe such a commanding physical presence as fragile , but that 's what comes across .
His dark concentration exists purely for the ball , the game , and given Zidane 's utter mastery of his particular subject - the ball - what it reveals most of all is the humbling impotence of the sportsman within the wider game , how even this greatest of players is incapable of controlling the result , even though he apparently effortlessly controls every ball pinged towards him , no matter the pace or direction .
Hence his frustration , perhaps , and his apparent fragility .
Zidane himself notes , watching the film , that it shows the intensity and focus of concentration in a way you never see with TV coverage .
It also shows that , although he wanted to " play the game of his life " given the presence of the cameras , you can't control that , no matter how intense the focus .
Gordon and Parreno did n't take football films as inspiration , thankfully , but rather Andy Warhol 's 1964 " 13 Most Beautiful Women " .
But more than this , they draw from the history of portraiture .
Given that the production of the film was entirely unpredictable - no one knew what would happen in the match , whether Zidane would limp off after 5 minutes or play the game of his life - it was impossible to storyboard , or provide direction cues for the camera crew .
So the ' Making Of ' documentary reveals a live improvisation by Parreno , Gordon and the camera crew , directing on the fly .
They have no control over the ' actors ' in this particular drama .
Intriguingly , in lieu of a storyboard , the only preparation the artists did with the crew was to take them to the Prado on the day of the game .
Having secured exclusive access to the gallery , Parreno and Gordon led the crew through a rapid yet extraordinary history of art , with particular emphasis on both the portraiture and reproductions of historical scenes in the art of Goya and Velázquez .
Velázquez , in particular , resonates .
As the movie becomes near ambient in its impassive singular vision - almost like a visual version of an aural drone , or raga - Velázquez , as an artist who repeatedly endeavoured to capture the point between sleeping and waking , seems entirely apposite for this dreamlike , hypnotic trance .
Also , Goya 's portraiture , most famously in the Maja pictures , clothed and naked , exploring different facets of portraiture of personality .
( Additionally , the crew paused in front of Hieronymous Bosch 's ' Garden of Earthly Delights ' , presumably to explore depiction of narrative of multiple parts , stretched over a physical space . )
Despite this art history lesson , the thing itself is pitched half way between film and art .
In the accompanying documentary , a contributor notes that Zidane in close - up has a " darkness , density - reminiscent of Bresson " yet at other times , it 's " epic , like a John Ford western . "
Gordon and Parreno clearly like the idea of this playing in both galleries and cinemas ( although whether it would 've achieved a cinema release without Zidane 's extraordinary contributions to the last World Cup , both creative and destructive , is a moot point . )
Gordon notes that it would " take people from the white cube into the black box , or the black box into the white cube " .
The only point at which the film feels a little clumsy - although I appreciate the idea - is at half - time in the game , when the cameras and the narrative suddenly zoom out , Powers of Ten - like , to reveal other events going on that particular day .
Suddenly , it cycles through a series of events , quotidian and unusual , with subtitles bluntly stating the subjects : from Sir John Mills dying to the performance of a Bob Marley puppet on an Ipanema beach ; a 48 - hour marathon reading of Don Quixote ; the " online release of new videogames " and " hundreds of toads swell to 3 times their normal size and explode in a fresh water pond in Germany " , an Asian - African summit closing in Jakarta , a car bomb in Najaf , Iraq killing nine , a collapsed mine in Turkey and so on .
( At one point , the camera pauses on a still of the dreadful aftermath in Najaf , where a kid is spotted wearing a Zidane shirt . )
Again , a little clumsy , although it presumably is further exploring these contrdictory overlaps between the actual insignificance of a game of football , and the almost overriding dramatic pull of such things .
The use of sound , as you 'd expect from Gordon , is particularly strong .
Not so much the musical soundtrack , composed for the film by fellow Glaswegians , Mogwai , although their languorous drones and dramatic dynamics work very well over the long distance of a football match .
But the sound of the football match , from the close zooms of Zidane - his occasional polyglot shouts , his deep breathing , the soft crunch of his studs on grass - panning up to the incredible noise of the Madrilénos - of their endless barrage of horns , a drone echoed in Mogwai 's organs and guitars .
The ' Making Of ' documentary pauses on this process briefly .
Unfortunately it fails to introduce the participants , but what I assume to be the principal sound engineer notes that they were so " dependent on sound - we 're almost defining the images by using sound . "
This is spot on - with the absence of traditional dialogue of any kind , the narrative is only perceived through a variety of flashpoints - goals , near misses , a sending off - leaving the rest of the match to be articulated in movement and sound .
At one moment , the soundtrack appears to cut to another time and place altogether , layering the sound of kids playing football and dogs barking over that of the match .
At other times , it cross-cuts rapidly from the compressed sound of TV coverage to the rich detail of the sound at the middle of the pitch .
At other times , the soundtrack , and then silence .
Gordon again : " the silence of portraiture is very important . "
It 's a beautiful piece , to be absorbed carefully .
It requires concentration from the viewer too , as the repeated image of Zidane searching for the ball , for space , and not finding it become almost entirely abstract interwoven patterns of white shirt , dark skin and green grass .
Warhol 's ' Empire ' , or Brian Eno's ' Mistaken Memories of Medieval Manhattan ' are precursors rather more than ' Escape to Victory ' .
As a result , I can see why one user at IMDB posted the comment :
" The film is excruciatingly boring ; it is a pain to watch , and it is better to watch paint dry . "
I can only totally disagree , but those expecting something like a documentary or traditional coverage of a football match should indeed beware .
This is a quite beautiful , challenging portrait , in sound and image .
And for the football fans amongst you , what of the player himself ?
Richard Williams , one of the foremost writers on the kind of player Zidane exemplifies , wrote :
" Virtually devoid of context , the economy of his movement and the sheer absence of fuss as he goes about his work are strikingly apparent , rendering the delicacy of his footwork even more moving . "
It is entirely moving .
That 's exactly the right word .
To a player , a player of almost any standard , watching Zidane is extraordinary .
While all the above context indicates that even non - football fans will get something out of this , perhaps those who love and play the game will be even more fascinated in the detail .
In his book ' The Perfect 10 ' , Richard Williams describes the appeal of watching Zidane , of how his transformation when in possession of the ball perhaps explains the passion of his endless pursuit of it :
" Zidane is a big man , 1.85 metres tall and weighing 78 kg .
He has a slightly ponderous gait and shoulders that tend to stoop , giving the illusion of ungainliness .
He does not have lightening - fast feet or much of a sprint .
But when the ball comes to him he suddenly reveals the lightness of a ballet dancer and the footwork of a fencer .
Gracefulness falls upon him .
Then he can do anything he wants with the ball , from the impossible delicacy of a running spin through 360° , his famous roulette , to the shattering violence of a waist - high volley fired from a range of more than twenty yards with his notionally weaker left foot .
And when he does something like that , no one in the stadium envisages any other outcome . "
Even given that few minutes ' possession of the ball , he so rarely gives the ball away .
He 's always progressive , always trying to create .
It 's one of the purest acts of complete creativity I 've ever seen .
Nothing is mundane , or regressive - every flick , every move , every dribble is trying to create , to lift the team , to shift the play upfield towards the opposition 's goal , to keep the ball moving into interesting spaces .
His first touch is n't just immaculate , to use a well - worn football cliché ; it 's an immaculate conception , as it inherently contains the logic and purpose of the next few moves .
He traps the ball , body forming a triangle as one should , no matter what angle and pace it arrives at , and in trapping it , he 's also moving it forward , away from the defender , into space .
There are details you 've never seen before .
The cameras and edits pause several times on Zidane 's habit of tapping his toes into the grass , scuffing and pawing the ground like a thoroughbred in the stalls , or as Williams has it " a reflexive gesture like a trumpeter emptying his spit- valve between phrases " .
Even given the tight angles of Spanish football , and 21 other men sharing the pitch , he appears alone , so often , throughout .
This is exaggerated by his complete concentration .
His face betrays little emotion ; even when Madrid score twice , one goal his own making , there is no smile - his face remains the same granite - hewn angles .
In fact , he smiles only once , when sharing a joke with fellow left - sided player , the Brazilian Roberto Carlos .
And then within minutes , right at the end of the game , he suddenly loses it , and is attacking one of the opposition in a melée which is frankly nothing to do with him .
It 's shocking , out of nothing , apparently .
And yet had his frustration had been unconsciously and invisbibly growing throughout an hour of pushes , kicks , shoves by Villareal 's markers ; and of his teammates ' inability ; of his own inability to direct the game as he saw it in his mind 's eye ; perhaps even the lapse of concentration when he allowed himself to smile ; maybe just the endless uncertainty of football itself ?
Or maybe none of those things .
It 's a curious and dramatic reflection of how he ended his career at the World Cup in 2006 , which everyone knows by now .
There 's little point attempting to connect these events into a coherent explanation - there is none .
There is only the recording of the event itself .
Gordon " did n't want to make a heroic portrait , actually it's the portrait of an anti-hero . "
We expect too much of people we want to be heroes , and Zidane 's career constantly reminded us of this , even as perhaps the greatest player ever .
Just because someone plays like an angel , does n't mean they are an angel cf. Miles Davis and a million other artists .
It does n't excuse it .
It just is .
Myerscough , in the LRB :
" Searching his face for 90 minutes brings us no closer to understanding his actions at the end of this game , just as no account of his interaction with Materazzi can account for his final self - immolation .
If that ’s what it was . "
I adored this movie , or artwork , whatever it is .
I pored over every aspect of the DVD extras .
DVD is a satisfying way of experiencing it , given the intensity of focus it allows through proximity .
Yet I suspect it will work very well installed in a dark gallery space , with a pin sharp projection from floor to ceiling and bathed in surround sound - as per a Christian Marclay piece .
I 've grabbed a random section of the film , below - it seemed in keeping with the spirit of the piece to pick a section at random , rather than the ' highlights ' the trailer might .
Given YouTube 's limits on duration and dimension , it is of course entirely the wrong medium to convey a piece of work which is about stretched time and space , but hey .
Last words to Zidane :
" Magic is sometimes very close to nothing at all . "
Zidane : A 21st Century Portrait ( DVD ) [ Amazon UK ]
Official site
Mr Mukasey was confirmed by a 53 - 40 vote
The vote came despite misgivings from some senators who were unhappy at his answers over what constituted torture in the questioning of terror suspects .
Mr Mukasey refused to be drawn into a condemnation of so - called waterboarding , a controversial interrogation technique .
The vote was carried by 53 to 40 in the Democrat - controlled Senate , and Mr Mukasey will replace Alberto Gonzalez .
' Repugnant '
Mr Mukasey , 66 , has presided over a number of high - profile terror trials and is seen as an independent - minded conservative .
" Judge Mukasey is a man of strong character and integrity , with exceptional legal judgment ...
He will be an outstanding attorney general , " President George W Bush said in a statement .
But Mr Mukasey provoked criticism from Democrats during his confirmation hearing by saying he was not familiar with water - boarding and could not say if it was torture .
He later sought to allay concerns with a letter calling water - boarding " repugnant " .
The technique simulates drowning by immobilising a prisoner with his head lower than his feet and pouring water over his face .
Six Democrats and one independent joined Republicans in voting for Mr Mukasey .
The choice , according to Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein , was between " whether to confirm Michael Mukasey as the next attorney general or whether to leave the Department of Justice without a real leader for the next 14 months " .
Mr Bush had threatened to appoint an acting attorney general not subject to Senate confirmation .
But Mr Mukasey 's opponents argue that he refused to say whether waterboarding is torture and so has left it up to Congress to enforce anti-water boarding laws .
" This is like saying when somebody murders somebody with a baseball bat and you say , ' We had a law against murder but we never mentioned baseball bats ' , " said Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy .
" Murder is murder .
Torture is torture , " he added .
Mr Mukasey replaces Alberto Gonzales who resigned amid allegations that his department had become overly politicised .
The miners could only be brought to the surface in small groups
The final group was lifted to safety from Elandsrand mine , 80 km ( 50 miles ) from Johannesburg , officials said .
The accident had left the miners trapped 2.2 km ( 1.4 miles ) underground .
Some had been there for 40 hours .
The miners were brought out through a small shaft normally used for mining equipment .
None were seriously injured .
Only 75 workers could be hauled clear at a time , adding up to no more than 300 in an hour .
' Room for improvement '
One of the last miners brought to safety , Richman Maneli , told AFP news agency he was happy to be out .
" It has been 30 hours of suffering , " he said .
" We had no food , no water and we are exhausted . "
Each group of miners was greeted with shouts of joy and whistling , South African Press Association ( Sapa ) reported .
Earlier , another rescued miner , Granny Makad , told South Africa 's Mail and Guardian newspaper many of the trapped miners were crying and believed they would die underground .
" It was terrible , " he said .
" There was not enough air and they tried putting in more and ventilating the areas where we were trapped . "
ELANDSRAND GOLD MINE
Elandsrand mine has 6.9 million ounces of proven reserves Located 80 km ( 50 miles ) west of Johannesburg
It has two vertical shafts - a men/ material shaft and a rock / ventilation shaft A new mine , to be finished by 2010 , is being built under the existing mine , which is still in use Harmony Gold Mining bought the mine in 2001
In pictures : Mine rescue
The accident at the mine , owned by Harmony Gold Mining , happened at about 1000 ( 0800 GMT ) on Wednesday morning .
Harmony chairman Patrice Motsepe said the incident was a " wake up call to all of us " .
Minerals and Energy Minister Buyelwa Sonjica , who visited the mine , said it would be closed for six weeks to ensure it was safe to continue operations .
Ms Sonjica greeted some of the miners as they emerged and said the government wanted to " tighten up " mine safety laws .
" I would n't call it a crisis given that mining is risky in its nature , so incidents of this kind will occur , but I still think there is room for improvement and to reduce accidents in the mines , " Ms Sonjica said .
She also complained that she and President Thabo Mbeki had not been informed of the accident by the company and learned of it from the evening news .
No serious injuries were reported , although there were cases of cramp and dehydration .
" All the miners are okay , " National Union of Mineworkers ( NUM ) spokesman Lesiba Seshoka told the BBC News website .
Maintenance questioned
The miners were trapped in a cramped space where temperatures could reach 30 - 40C ( 86 - 104 Fahrenheit ) .
A spokeswoman for the mining company , Amelia Soares , said the bottom of the shaft where they were trapped was well ventilated , and that the miners had had access to water .
Ms Soares said a compressed pipe column fell down the mineshaft , damaging steel work in the shaft and cutting electrical cords connected to the lifts underground .
The NUM blamed Harmony 's practice of mining 24 hours a day , which the union said left little time for safety checks .
" Our guys there tell us that they have raised concerns about the whole issue of maintenance of shafts with the mine , but they have not been attended to , " Lesiba Seshoka told the Associated Press news agency .
The Elandsrand mine is in the Witwatersrand Basin , which holds the world 's largest gold deposit .
Gold is important to South Africa 's economy , says the BBC's Peter Biles in Johannesburg , although the industry has been in decline in recent years .
The elderly cat survived a fox attack four years ago
Pussywillow lives in Ratlinghope and is still " sharp in her mind and her eyes " , according to owner Lin Brown .
The black cat , who now enjoys curling up by the stove , lived off animals she caught herself until she was 22 , Ms Brown said .
Healthy cats can normally live to about 18 , with previous world record holders only reaching their early 20s .
Pussywillow was near - feral when she was first taken in by the family .
Cats are living longer , but I 'd love to know what they fed it on
Marion Micklewright , Shropshire Cat Rescue
" When Willow came my son was four .
He is now 30 , " Ms Brown said .
" I know from my local vet that they 've always been absolutely astonished and said they have never known a cat that old . "
The family only started feeding the elderly feline after she survived an attack by a fox four years ago .
" Because of her wildness when she came she was pretty much an outdoor cat and had an organic diet and I hardly fed her anything , " Ms Brown said .
Marion Micklewright , from Shropshire Cat Rescue , said she had not heard of any other cats living for 26 years .
" Cats are living longer , but I 'd love to know what they fed it on .
It 's a bit of a rarity . "
Left : Courtesy Sandra Burkett , National Cancer Institute , CCR ; Right : Frank Schwere
At the age of 65 , my grandfather the manager of a leather tannery in Fond Du Lac , Wisconsin , suffered a severe heart attack .
He had chest pains and was rushed to the hospital .
But that was in 1945 , before open heart surgery , and he died a few hours later .
By the time my father reached 65 , he was watching his diet and exercising regularly .
That regimen seemed fine until a couple of years later , when he developed chest pains during exercise , a symptom of severe arteriolosclerosis .
A checkup revealed that his blood vessels were clogged with arterial plaque .
Within two days he had a triple bypass .
Fifteen years later ( 15 years that he considers a gift ) , he 's had no heart trouble to speak of .
I wo n't reach 65 till 2033 , but I have long assumed that , as regards heart disease , my time will come .
My genes have predetermined it .
To avoid my father 's surgery , or my grandfather 's fate , I try to eat healthier than most , exercise more than most , and never even consider smoking .
This , I figure , is what it will take for me to live past 65 .
Turns out that my odds are better than I thought .
My DNA is n't pushing me toward heart disease — it 's pulling me away .
There are established genetic variations that researchers associate with a higher risk for a heart attack , and my genome does n't have any of those negative mutations ; it has positive mutations that actually reduce my risk .
Like any American , I still have a good chance of eventually developing heart disease .
But when it comes to an inherited risk , I take after my mother , not my father .
Chat : Linda Avey and Anne Wojcicki
23andMe co-founders Linda Avey ( left ) and Anne Wojcicki sit down with Wired Science special correspondent Adam Rogers to explain how they ’re helping people make sense of their genetic information .
Reading your genomic profile — learning your predispositions for various diseases , odd traits , and a talent or two — is something like going to a phantasmagorical family reunion .
First you 're introduced to the grandfather who died 23 years before you were born , then you move along for a chat with your parents , who are uncharacteristically willing to talk about their health —
Dad 's prostate , Mom 's digestive tract .
Next , you have the odd experience of getting acquainted with future versions of yourself , 10 , 20 , and 30 years down the road .
Finally , you face the prospect of telling your children — in my case , my 8 - month - old son — that he , like me , may face an increased genetic risk for glaucoma .
The experience is simultaneously unsettling , illuminating , and empowering .
And now it 's something anyone can have for about $ 1,000 .
This winter marks the birth of a new industry : Companies will take a sample of your DNA , scan it , and tell you about your genetic future , as well as your ancestral past .
A much - anticipated Silicon Valley startup called 23andMe offers a thorough tour of your genealogy , tracing your DNA back through the eons .
Sign up members of your family and you can track generations of inheritance for traits like athletic endurance or bitter - taste blindness .
The company will also tell you which diseases and conditions are associated with your genes — from colorectal cancer to lactose intolerance — giving you the ability to take preventive action .
A second company , called Navigenics , focuses on matching your genes to current medical research , calculating your genetic risk for a range of diseases .
The advent of retail genomics will make a once - rare experience commonplace .
Simply by spitting into a vial , customers of these companies will become early adopters of personalized medicine .
We will not live according to what has happened to us ( that knee injury from high school or that 20 pounds we 've gained since college ) nor according to what happens to most Americans ( the one - in - three chance men have of getting cancer , or women have of dying from heart disease , or anyone has for obesity ) .
We will live according to what our own specific genetic risks predispose us toward .
At Illumina , a San Diego biotech firm , chips are prepared for genotyping in the " decoding bay . "
11
Photo : Brent Humphreys
This new industry draws on science that is just beginning to emerge .
Genomics is in its earliest days : The Human Genome Project , the landmark effort to sequence the DNA of our species , was completed in 2003 , and the research built on that milestone is only now being published .
The fact that any consumer with $ 1,000 can now capitalize on this project is a rare case of groundbreaking science overlapping with an eager marketplace .
For the moment , 23andMe and Navigenics offer genotyping : the strategic scanning of your DNA for several hundred thousand of the telltale variations that make one human different from the next .
But in a few years , as the price of sequencing the entire genome drops below $ 1,000 , all 6 billion points of your genetic code will be opened to scrutiny .
To act on this data , we first need to understand it .
That means the companies must translate the demanding argot of genetics — alleles and phenotypes and centromeres — into something approachable , even simple , for physicians and laypersons alike .
It 's one thing for a doctor to tell patients that smoking is bad for them , or that their cholesterol count is high .
But how are you supposed to react when you 're told you have a genetic variation at rs6983267 that 's been associated with a 20 percent higher risk of colorectal cancer ?
And what are physicians , most likely untrained in and unprepared for genomic medicine , to do when a patient comes in wielding a printout that indicates a particular variation of a particular gene ?
This new age of genomics comes with great opportunity — but also great quandaries .
In the genomic age , we will no longer have the problem of not knowing , but we will face the burden of whether we want to know in the first place .
We 'll learn what might be best for us in life and then have to reckon with the risk and perhaps the guilt of not acting on that knowledge .
We will , counterintuitively , face even more pressure to conduct our lives carefully , strictly , and cautiously ; we 'll practice the art of predictive diagnosis and receive a demanding roster of things to avoid , things to do , and treatments to receive — long before there 's any physical evidence of disease .
And , yes , we will know whether our children are predisposed to certain traits or talents — athletics or music or languages — and encourage them to pursue certain paths .
In short , life will become a little more like a game of strategy , where we 're always playing the percentages , trying to optimize our outcomes .
" These are enormously large calculations , " says Leroy Hood , a pioneer of genomic sequencing and cofounder of the Institute for Systems Biology in Seattle , who suggests that if we pay attention and get the math right , " it 's not a stretch to say that we could increase our productive lifespans by at least a decade . "
The question was surely strange .
In February 2005 , Anne Wojcicki sat down at the so - called Billionaires '
Dinner , an annual event held in Monterey , California , and asked her tablemates about their urine .
She was curious whether , after eating asparagus , they could smell it when they urinated .
Among those at her table were geneticist Craig Venter ; Ryan Phelan , the CEO of DNA Direct , a San Francisco genetic - testing company ; and Wojcicki's then - boyfriend ( and now husband ) , Sergey Brin , cofounder of Google .
Most could pick up the smell of methyl mercaptan , a sulfur compound released as our guts digest the vegetable .
But some had no idea what Wojcicki was talking about .
They had , it seems , a genetic variation that made the particular smell imperceptible to them .
Soon , the conversation turned to a growing problem :
While researchers are amassing great knowledge about certain genes and genetic variations , there is no way for people to access that data for insights about themselves and their families — to Google their genome , as it were .
As a biotech and health care analyst at Passport Capital , a San Francisco hedge fund firm , Wojcicki knew that the pharmaceutical industry was already at work on tailoring drugs to specific genetic profiles .
But she was intrigued by the prospect of a database that would compile the available research into a single resource .
Linda Avey ( left ) and Anne Wojcicki founded 23andMe in 2006 .
Photo : Brent HumphreysLinda
Avey was n't at the dinner , but she wished she had been when she read about it later that year in David Vise and Mark Malseed 's book , The Google Story .
At the time , Avey was an executive at Affymetrix , the company that had pioneered some of the tools for modern genetic research .
For nearly a year , she had been mulling the idea of a genotyping tool for consumers , one that would let them plumb their own genome as well as create a novel data pool for researchers .
She even had a placeholder name for it : Newco .
" All the pieces were there , " Avey says .
" All we needed was the money , as usual , and computational power . "
Two things that Google has plenty of .
Around the time she read Vise and Malseed 's book , Avey had a dinner scheduled with a Google executive .
She asked Wojcicki to join them , and the two quickly hit it off .
Within a few months , they had settled on the idea behind 23andMe : Give people a look at their genome and help them make sense of it .
( The company 's name is a reference to the 23 pairs of chromosomes that contain our DNA . )
Brin offered to be an angel investor .
" Sergey was like , Come up with something in three months and launch it , ' " Wojcicki says .
" We thought it would be so fast . "
In fact , the project took more than 18 months from conception to launch .
Last spring , Google invested $ 3.9 million in 23andMe ( part of the proceeds repaid Brin , who has since recused himself from the investment ) .
The company , which now has more than 30 employees in a building down the road from Google , feels very much like the quintessential startup .
In the entry hall , alongside two Segways ( a gift from inventor Dean Kamen ) , stands a herd of pedal - pusher bicycles .
On a whiteboard in the hall , someone has scrawled an anxiety meter .
Current threat level : slight deformation ( engineering - speak for moderate stress ) .
But that level had been crossed out and the alert upped to bananas .
Still , 23andMe is hardly a typical Valley outfit .
Instead of widgets and Ajax apps , the cubicle chatter more likely concerns Klinefelter 's syndrome and hermaphrodites .
Such banter underscores a major challenge for the company : making customers comfortable with the strange vocabulary and discomfiting implications of genetics .
As Avey notes , when you 're asking your customers for their spit , best to have an especially strong relationship .
A lot of spit , as it turns out .
It takes about 10 minutes of slavering to fill the 2.5 - milliliter vial that comes in the fancy lime box provided by 23andMe .
Wrap it up , call FedEx , and two to four weeks later you get an email inviting you to log in and review your results .
There are three main sections to the Web site : Genome Labs , where users can navigate through the raw catalog of their 23 pairs of chromosomes ; Gene Journals , where the company correlates your genome with current research on a dozen or so diseases and conditions , from type 2 diabetes to Crohn 's disease ; and Ancestry , where customers can reach back through their DNA and discover their lineage , as well as explore their relationships with ethnic groups around the world .
Family members can share profiles , trace the origin of particular traits , and compare one cousin 's genome to another in a fascinating display of DNA networking .
Avey herself has had roughly 30 members of her extended family genotyped , spanning four generations .
The effort has turned her clan into what is likely the most thoroughly documented gene pool in the world .
It 's the Gene Journals , though , that could really change people 's lives .
Here customers learn their personalized risk for a particular condition , calculated according to whether their genotype contains markers that research has associated with specific risks .
Wojcicki stresses , though , that 23andMe 's results are not a diagnosis .
" It 's simply your information , " she insists .
In part , this distinction is to make sure the company does n't run afoul of the Food and Drug Administration , which strictly regulates diagnostic testing for disease but has been slow to respond to the more transformational aspects of genomics .
But the caveat also matters because the influence of genetics varies from disease to disease ; some conditions have a strong heritable component , while others are determined more by environmental factors .
With its emphasis on disease risks , Navigenics is more comfortable offering something closer to a diagnosis .
" If I tell you you 've got a genetic likelihood of getting colon cancer , you 're going to get a colonoscopy early , " says Navigenics cofounder David Agus , a prominent oncologist and director of the Spielberg Family Center for Applied Proteomics at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles .
" And that 's going to save lives . "
Both companies draw a good lesson from the bad example of the body scan industry .
When storefront CT scanning machines popped up in the late 1990s , the idea seemed golden to many radiologists and entrepreneurs : Customers could go directly to an imaging center and get an early look at possible tumors or polyps for about $ 1,000 .
But the market cratered by 2005 , when it became evident that insurers would n't pay for the scan without a prior diagnosis and customers would n't pay out of pocket for frequent scans .
What 's more , the false - positive rate was jarringly high , and anxious customers often raced back to their doctor with an image showing , for instance , benign kidney or liver cysts , only to be told that they were harmless incidental lumps .
In other words , there was too much noise and not enough signal .
So both 23andMe and Navigenics are determined not to simply shovel along raw research , with scary one - off results indistinguishable from well - established correlations .
In - house experts at both companies have filtered and vetted hundreds of studies ; only a handful are deemed strong enough to incorporate into their library of conditions , which is used for personalized risk calculations .
The hope is that this will reduce or eliminate false alarms and let customers trust the experience — maybe even enjoy it .
One afternoon I was working up my own 2.5 milliliters of spit at the company 's office when Jimmy Buffett dropped by to get an early peek at his results .
A few month 's earlier , the singer had let 23andMe peruse his genotype and compare his genealogy to Warren Buffett's .
The two men had long wondered if they were somehow related ( they are n't , it turns out ) .
Now Jimmy wanted to check out the whole experience .
He sat down in front of a laptop in Wojcicki's office , and she looked over his shoulder , guiding him through the site .
First he clicked through his ancestral genome , noting that his maternal lineage showed a strong connection to the British Isles .
" So the women came over with the Saxon invasion ; pretty cool , " he said .
Another click and he perused his similarity to other ethnic groups , spotting a strong link to the Basque region of Spain .
" No wonder I like Basque food so much , " he noted .
Then he clicked over to see his disease risks — and was transfixed .
" Wow .
Right , that 's about right for my family , " he said as he ran through various conditions .
After about 45 minutes of self - discovery , he leaned back in his chair to put it all together .
" Boy , this can get pretty fascinating .
And every time some research comes out , I can log on and see how it works for me .
I get it , " Buffett said with a laugh .
" You guys are mad scientists . "
Gregor Mendel began growing peas in his abbey garden in the 1850s , just a simple monk curious about the differences among the plants .
A member of the Augustinian order , Mendel took to his garden experiments with characteristic discipline and rigor .
He grew some peas with green seeds and others with yellow ones , some with violet flowers and others with white , some with round seed pods and others with wrinkled pods , and so on — at least 10,000 plants in all .
By the time he was done , he had established the principles of genetic inheritance , identifying some traits as dominant and others as recessive .
( Less celebrated is his later work breeding honeybees ; though his hybridized African and South American bees produced wonderful honey , they were exceptionally vicious , and he destroyed them . )
More than a century later , Mendel 's basic concepts remain the cornerstone of genetics .
We now understand his traits as genes , and genes as sections of DNA — a strand of 3 billion pairs of ATGC ( adenine and thymine , and guanine and cytosine ) , the nucleotides that compose our genome .
Since 1983 , when the gene associated with Huntington 's disease was first linked to a particular chromosome , most genetic discoveries have worked like Mendel 's peas :
They have focused on traits associated with single genes .
These so - called monogenic conditions — diseases like hemochromatosis ( where the body absorbs too much iron ) or Huntington 's disease — are easy to research , because the associations are pretty much binary .
If you have the genetic mutation , you 're almost certain to develop the disease .
That makes them easy to screen for , too .
There are now tests for more than 1,400 of these diseases : prenatal screening for cystic fibrosis , mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes that convey a strong risk for breast cancer , and so forth .
This is the sort of genetic testing most of us are familiar with .
And such screening can be extremely useful .
Careful testing for Tay - Sachs disease among Ashkenazi Jews , for instance , has led to a 90 percent reduction in the disease in the US and Canada .
But as genetic research has progressed , the idea that most diseases will have a clearly defined , single genetic component — what 's known as the " common disease , common gene " hypothesis — has turned out to be mostly wishful thinking .
In fact , the 1,400 conditions that are currently tested for represent about 5 percent of diseases in developed countries , meaning that for 95 percent of diseases there 's something more complicated going on .
Most conditions , it turns out , develop from a subtle interplay among several genes .
They are said to be multigenic , not monogenic .
And while scientists have made progress connecting the deterministic dots between rare genes and rare conditions , they face a far greater challenge understanding the subtler genetic factors for those more common conditions that have the major impact on society .
" We 're learning plenty about the molecular basis of disease — that 's the revolution right now , " says Eric Lander , founding director of the Broad Institute and one of the leaders of the Human Genome Project .
" But whether that knowledge translates into personalized predictions and personalized therapeutics is unknown . "
In other words , not all genes are as simple to understand as Mendel 's peas .
The source of this complexity lies in our SNPs , or single nucleotide polymorphisms , the single - letter mutations among the base pairs of DNA — swapping an A for a G , or a T for a C — that largely determine how one human is genetically different from another .
Throughout our 6 billion bits of genetic code , there are millions of SNPs ( pronounced " snips " ) , and some untold number of those play a role in our predilection for disease .
For researchers like Lander , the main challenge is establishing which SNPs — or which constellation of SNPs — affect which conditions .
Consider , for instance , the many ways that a human heart can go bad .
The arteries supplying blood to the heart can be clogged with plaque , constricting blood flow until the organ goes into arrest .
Or a valve in the heart can leak , spilling blood into the lungs and causing pulmonary edema .
Or the tissues of the organ itself can be weakened , as in cardiomyopathy , so that the muscle fails to pump enough blood throughout the body .
Each of these conditions has specific terminology , causes , and treatments , but they are all versions of heart disease , which is the leading killer in the US .
And each condition may have its own genetic component , or be influenced by a range of genetic components , with each case of the illness a unique combination of genetic variables and environmental factors .
So establishing the genetic component of heart disease means , in actuality , accounting for a daunting variety of conditions and tracking the influence of a broad number of genetic variations , as well as separating them from environmental components .
Now , thanks to a series of complementary innovations , geneticists have begun teasing apart the complexity .
First , the Human Genome Project , completed in 2003 , provided a map for our common genomic sequence .
Next , 2005 saw the completion of the first phase of the International HapMap Project , a less - celebrated but equally ambitious effort that cataloged common patterns of genetic variations , or haplotypes , SNP by SNP .
That helped researchers know where they should focus their attention .
And finally , by mid-2006 the price of genotyping microarrays — the matchbox - sized chips that can detect SNP variations from genome to genome — had dropped to a level that let scientists greatly increase the pace and scope of their research .
As these three factors have converged , the pace of discovery has taken off , producing a startling number of new associations between SNPs and disease .
Even the sober New England Journal of Medicine described trying to keep up with the research as " drinking from the fire hose . "
Lander calls it a 20 - year dream coming to fruition .
" 2007 has been one of those magical years where the entire picture comes into focus .
Suddenly we have the tools to apply to any problem : cancer , diabetes — a huge list of diseases .
It 's just a stunning explosion of data .
Pick a metaphor :
We 've now landed on this new continent , and the people are out there exploring it , and we 're finding mountains and waterfalls and rivers .
We 're turning on lights in dark rooms .
We 're finding pieces to the jigsaw puzzle . "
Clearly , this is an exciting time to be a geneticist .
And , it turns out , a consumer , too .
Come late September , Avey and Wojcicki invited their board of scientific advisers to Mountain View , California , for one last review of the site before launch .
The meeting began around noon .
Avey , as is her habit , had been going strong since 4o ' clock that morning .
Wojcicki was less sprightly , having just returned the previous night from her three - week honeymoon with Brin on safari in Africa and sailing around Greece and Turkey ; she was also coming down with a nasty cold .
After some idle chat about the biology of sleep , the board watched a demonstration of the company 's user interface .
Soon , the discussion turned to the thorny question of how much 23andMe will have to teach its customers about genetics to enable them to understand its offerings .
" If we can get them to understand LD , that 'll be an accomplishment , " Avey said , referring to " linkage disequilibrium , " a fairly obscure term describing how some genetic variations occur more often than anticipated .
No , said Daphne Koller , a Stanford computer scientist and 2004 MacArthur fellow .
" This should be a black box .
LD is just going to trip them up . "
As it happens , because 23andMe is a Web - based company , it can do both , letting the genetics hobbyist geek out on the details while giving the novice a minimum of information .
Still , the challenge here was palpable : Starting a personal genomics company is n't like starting a Flickr or a Facebook .
There 's nothing intuitive about navigating your genome ; it requires not just a new vocabulary but also a new conception of personhood .
Scrape below the skin and we 're flesh and bone ; scrape below that and we 're code .
There 's a massive amount of information to comprehend and fears to allay before customers will feel comfortable with the day - to - day utility of the site .
23andMe 's solution is to offer a deep menu of FAQs , along with some nifty animation that explains the basic principles of genetics .
But the startup is also careful not to overwhelm customers with foreboding information .
Take its approach to monogenic conditions like Huntington 's disease .
For one thing , the company makes it clear that it is not in the diagnostic business and therefore does n't provide specific genetic tests for specific diseases .
But even if 23andMe wanted to , the SNP technology does n't allow it , since many of the 1,400 monogenic conditions are diagnosed using techniques other than SNP testing .
The BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations that carry a high risk for breast cancer , for instance , are not SNPs but more complex defects that show up only in a test that sequences the entire gene .
Similarly , the test for Huntington 's looks for repeats of a certain nucleotide sequence , rather than single - letter variations .
Given the rarity of such conditions , it would be cost - prohibitive to include these tests in a $ 1,000 run .
In other circumstances , the science is evolving so fast that 23andMe must invent a methodology as it goes .
Take the essential task of calculating a customer 's genetic risk for a disease , which the company delivers under its Odds Calculator .
For a condition like type 2 diabetes , at least eight different SNPs have been correlated to the disease .
Research among people of European descent has found that each of those SNPs has a slightly different effect — a variation of rs4712523 can increase one 's risk by 17 percent , while a variation at rs7903146 can decrease risk by 15 percent .
To crunch these numbers and determine one person 's risk factor , 23andMe has opted to multiply the risks together .
But a competing school of thought argues for adding the risk from SNP to SNP .
The two approaches can result in wildly different tallies .
" A lot of this is unknown .
It 's totally experimental , " Wojcicki told me a few weeks before the science board meeting .
" No one has looked at all eight diabetes markers together .
They 've all been identified individually , but they do n't know exactly how they work together .
So we 've tried to make that clear . "
All the ambiguity is indeed clear .
There 's no lack of caveats and in - context explanations on the site counseling customers to be cautious .
In fact , the board at times even urged the company to hedge less and embrace the technology 's gee - whiz factor , including uncertainty , more decisively .
George Church , the Harvard geneticist who pioneered the sequencing techniques behind the Human Genome Project , sketched out a scenario :
When a new study reporting a genetic association with a disease shows up in The New York Times , people are going to log on to 23andMe that morning and check to see whether the genetic marker in question is in their results .
" People are going to wonder if you 've got them covered , " Church said .
" And the answer better be yes . "
In fact , that answer depends on the DNA chip that 23andMe uses to scan customer genomes .
The company outsources that work to Illumina , the chip 's developer .
In its lab , Illumina extracts DNA from saliva and disperses it across a 3 - by 1 - inch silicon wafer studded with more than 550,000 nanoscopic protein dots .
Each dot detects a different SNP ; more than half a million dots , strategically distributed across the human genome , cover a meaningful swath of anybody 's DNA .
But it 's possible that new research could turn up an association with a SNP that the 23andMe scan does n't look for .
And by definition , genotyping is a strategic , rather than an exhaustive , catalog .
The real endgame , therefore , is whole - genome sequencing , where you do n't have to hope that you 're covered — you 'll know it .
With whole - genome sequencing , all 3 billion base pairs of DNA will be identified : a complete library of your genetic code .
As with DNA chips , sequencing technology is getting faster and costs are dropping .
The Human Genome Project spent nearly $ 3 billion to sequence the first human genome .
Sequencing DNA codiscoverer James Watson 's genome cost just under $ 1 million ; Craig Venter , who has already sequenced his genome at least once , is now spending about $ 300,000 to have it read again .
Prices are expected to fall even more rapidly now that the X Prize Foundation has offered a $ 10 million award to the first team to sequence 100 human genomes in 10 days for less than $ 10,000 each .
At the board meeting , as talk turned to whole - genome sequencing , the energy in the room picked up .
" This is absolutely the future , " said Michael Eisen , a computational biologist at UC Berkeley .
" It 's exactly what the company should be doing as soon as possible . "
" We will , " responded Wojcicki , who then offered a juicy detail to the board .
" We already have 10 people lined up and willing to pay $ 250,000 each for their whole genome .
It 's definitely something we want to do , maybe even in ' 08 . "
" George , how much will $ 250,000 get you ? "
Eisen asked Church , who 's also on the X Prize advisory board .
" How good a sequence would that be ? "
" As good as Watson's , " Church said .
" At least as good . "
Pushing the science forward is also a key part of the 23andMe business plan .
As the company builds up its roster of customer genotypes , and later whole sequences , it gains a treasure trove of data that in turn can drive further research .
On signing up , customers agree that their data , though still confidential , may be made available for scientific purposes .
As the pool of participants grows , the startup hopes to forge partnerships with academics and advocacy groups that focus on specific conditions .
Already , the Parkinson 's Institute is working with 23andMe on a study of Parkinson 's disease .
Similarly , 23andMe is talking with Autism Speaks , an advocacy group , about initiating research into autism — a disorder so complex that it will require the genetic information of many thousand research subjects to tease out potential associations .
This is also where a novel use of social - networking tools comes in .
Wojcicki envisions groups of customers coming together around shared genotypes and SNPs , comparing notes about their conditions or backgrounds and identifying areas for further scientific research on their own .
" It 's a great way for individuals to be involved in the research world , " Wojcicki says .
" You 'll have a profile , and something almost like a ribbon marking participation in these different research papers .
It 'll be like , How many Nature articles have you been part of ? ' "
( Social networking will be included in version 2.0 in a matter of months , Avey says . )
For the board , such enterprising approaches to research are part of the fun of 23andMe .
But after a long afternoon in a stuffy conference room , even geneticists can tire of too much genetics , and the meeting wound down .
As the group walked into the foyer , someone asked about the two Segways there .
Soon enough , some of the world 's most celebrated geneticists had hopped aboard and were taking turns racing around the office at top speed .
My risk for heart disease may be lower than average , but that does n't mean my genome is n't primed for problems .
Far from it .
Variations of three SNPs double my risk for prostate cancer , leaving me with a 30 percent chance of developing it in my lifetime .
Restless legs syndrome , a dubious - sounding ailment characterized by jerky twitches in the middle of the night , was recently associated with a particular SNP variation — and I 've got it , raising my risk by 32 percent .
And my risk for exfoliating glaucoma , a type of eye disease , is a whopping three times the average American's .
While the average person has just a 4 percent risk , my risk factor of 12 percent means it 's something to mind .
Scanning my spreadsheet , all the odds start looking more like land mines .
An 18 percent risk festers for this potentially fatal condition , a 13 percent risk ticks for that debilitating condition , and somewhere out there looms a 43 percent chance for something I may survive but sure do n't want .
And suddenly I realize : I can try to improve my odds here and there — eat less steak , schedule that colonoscopy earlier than most — but I 'm going to go somehow , sometime .
I can game the numbers , but I can't deny them .
Think of it this way : Health is an equation , with certain inputs and outputs .
With conventional medicine , that means some fairly basic algebra : the simple addition and subtraction of symptoms and causes , with treatments like pharmaceuticals and surgery on the other end of the formula .
For most Americans , the calculation results in fairly good health , with a lifespan stretching into the seventies .
With the advent of genomics , though , we have stumbled into a far more arduous calculus , one requiring a full arsenal of algorithms and vectors .
It 's a more powerful tool — but it 's also a lot more complicated .
It 's not just the matter of accounting for all of our genetic markers and computing the attendant risk .
That 's just the start of it .
Real personalized medicine must take into account traditional environmental factors , like smoking and diet and exercise .
It also must consider the legion of pathogens out there , each with its own genetic quirks — not only the conventional ones of infectious disease but also the emerging class of viruses that seem to influence conditions from certain cancers to ulcers to obesity .
Then there is the microbiome , the trillion - cell ecosystem of microbes that lives inside all of us , contributing to our health in largely mysterious ways .
Oh , and save a piece of the equation for epigenetics , changes to the ways genes function without changes in the actual gene sequence .
They contribute to our risk for common diseases such as cancer , heart disease , and diabetes .
Finally , leave a big blank spot for chance .
No matter how much we learn from our genome , no matter how much it explains about us , randomness is always a looming factor in any health equation .
Consider one behavior that is strongly associated with bad health — smoking .
Everyone knows smoking is the single worst choice most people can make for their health .
Yet the truth is that about a quarter of long - term smokers will not die of a smoking - related disease .
Fate does n't always work in our favor , though : Account for every known risk factor for heart disease — from high cholesterol to smoking to high blood pressure — and that explains only half the cases of the disease in the US .
In other words , I can bank on my genes and live in the most optimal way ... and still die of a heart attack .
Mathematics is n't just a metaphor here .
All of these variables are being broken down into data by scientists , and each data set is being scrutinized in an effort to quantify its impact on health .
So let 's make the leap of faith .
The science is there , the data has been crunched , and it's all clear :
Your genome is telling you that you face an elevated risk for certain diseases .
What do you do ?
First , you likely go to your doctor ( and let 's assume she is one of the mere 800 MDs nationwide who has some training in genetics , so that she can actually make sense of your information ) .
She considers your elevated risk and recommends some specific changes to your lifestyle .
Will that work ?
It might , if you act on that advice .
But odds are you wo n't .
In 1981 , the National Institutes of Health completed a 10 - year study that stands as the largest effort in scientific history to track behavior change .
Starting with a pool of more than 360,000 Americans , the NIH set up centers around the country to study how well people would follow behaviors to alleviate the risk of heart disease .
The subjects received personal counseling and support to help them stop smoking , eat better , and lose weight .
At the study 's end , though , 65 percent of the smokers still had the habit , half of those with high blood pressure still had it , and few had changed their diet at all .
Subsequent studies have shown the same thing : Changing behavior is hard .
Luckily , there will be drugs tailored to work more effectively with our genetic quirks .
These pharmacogenomics already exist : Herceptin specifically targets breast cancers that are caused by a growth protein from the HER2 gene , for instance , and more are in development .
But taking a drug for several years , even one tailored to your DNA , can create a new set of disease risks and initiates a new trajectory of calculations .
The question becomes , then , whether you want to embark on this path of oddsmaking in the first place .
Many individuals wo n't want to know what their genome has in store .
Others will , only to join the worried well — those who live in fear of fulfilling their genetic destiny .
And , of course , those genotyped or sequenced at birth wo n't have that choice ; it'll already have been made for them .
Still , Wojcicki is onto something when she describes our genome as simply information .
Already , we calibrate our health status in any number of ways , every day .
We go to the drugstore and buy an HIV test or a pregnancy test .
We take our blood pressure , track our cholesterol , count our calories .
Our genome is now just one more metric at our disposal .
It is one more factor revealed , an instrument suddenly within reach that can help us examine , and perhaps improve , our lives .
Deputy editor Thomas Goetz ( thomas@wiredmag.com ) wrote about diagnostic medical devices in issue 15.08 .
FEATURE The Age of the Genome What My Genome Says About Me
A crisis at Bear Stearns Cos. this summer came to a head in July .
Two Bear hedge funds were hemorrhaging value .
Investors were clamoring to get their money back .
Lenders to the funds were demanding more collateral .
Eventually , both funds collapsed .
During 10 critical days of this crisis -- one of the worst in the securities firm 's 84 - year history -- Bear 's chief executive was n't near his Wall Street office .
James Cayne was playing in a bridge tournament in Nashville , Tenn. , without a cellphone or an email device .
In one closely ...
In the hardscrabble times of the Bible , where there were plagues , invasions from foreign powers , and swarms of locusts , you pretty much had to be a badass to survive .
Among these men and women , who was the most badass of all ?
Honorable Mentions :
Gideon –
While he indeed defeated a Midianite army while commanding a much smaller force , he seemed a big cagey at the beginning .
While it ’s not unusual to question God ’s commands , Gideon seemed to be trying to find any excuse ( using a piece of wool and a bowl of all things ) to get out .
– While he indeed defeated a Midianite army while commanding a much smaller force , he seemed a big cagey at the beginning .
While it ’s not unusual to question God ’s commands , Gideon seemed to be trying to find any excuse ( using a piece of wool and a bowl of all things ) to get out .
Anyone from the New Testament – No doubt some would apply .
However , since one of the greatest messages at that point was “ If your neighbor wrongs you , turn the other cheek , ” including anyone would seem blasphemous .
More blasphemous than I ’m being right now , anyway .
– No doubt some would apply .
However , since one of the greatest messages at that point was “ If your neighbor wrongs you , turn the other cheek , ” including anyone would seem blasphemous .
More blasphemous than I ’m being right now , anyway .
Balaam ’s Ass – Before the evil prophet Balaam can curse Israel , an invisible angel of the Lord blocks his way .
His ass , who can see the angel , refuses to continue and tells him why .
While the talking ass is indeed an ass , she is a good ass , not a bad ass .
The Top 10 Most Badass Heroes from the Holy Bible
# 10 – David ’s Mighty Men – to protect the the young kingdom of Israel , King David assembled some super - elite soldiers known as the Mighty Men .
There were The Three , who seemed to be David ’s personal secret service .
Then there was The Thirty , the main body of David ’s elite corps .
And then there were a couple of super warriors : Abishai was said to kill 300 men with one spear , while Benaiah was credited for killing two of Moab ’s elite , a lion , and an Egyptian with his own weapon .
Clearly , the message here was “ Do n’t Mess With Israel . ”
# 9 – David – David gets all the press and cutesy representions for his duel against the giant Goliath .
That kinda downplays that David was one of the most well - rounded badasses in the Bible .
A poet , musician , a total babe magnet , and skilled warrior — one gets the impression that King Saul was n’t the only one with a murderous jealousy of the guy .
The most badass thing David ever did ?
The fact that on numerous ocassions he could have killed Saul , but did n’t .
And he let the king KNOW IT .
# 8 – Joshua – He takes over after Moses dies and leads the Israelites in bloody campaigns to get into the Promised Land .
He ’s best known for the seige of Jericho , where the Israelite forces psyche of the residents of Jericho by marching around the walls , and then blow the trumpets as the power of God smashes the walls down for them .
This is , of course , all captured in former wrestler Chris Jericho ’s kick ass entrance theme : “ Break the Walls Down . ”
# 7 – Ehud the Left - Handed – The Judges of one of the bloodies books in the Bible .
Ehud is the star of one of the quirkiest and unintentionally comedic tales .
Ehud assassinates the fat king Eglon of Moab .
( Pro tip : if your name is “ Eglon , ” you might as well be rotund . )
Ehud plunges his sword into the King ’s belly .
Eglon ’s so fat that his flubber actually closes around the blade .
Take that , Jabba !
And , to add insult to injury , when Ehud walks away scot free , the King ’s servant , noticing that the King has n’t come out yet , assume that he ’s “ relieving himself ” and decide not to go in to check it out .
One assumes that , in life , this kind of thing happened often to ol ’ Eglon .
Ah , the fat jokes flow free in the Holy Bible !
# 6 – Elijah – The Prophets in the Bible were all pretty badass .
They had to live off the land and often had to come face to face with Kings to chew them out for steering the people away from the Lord .
All the while , they were derided as madmen , declared Enemies of the State , and had to distinguish themselves from false prophets who were certifiable loonies .
The most badass of these prophets was easily the Prophet Elijah .
He had to live in a divided Israel that was openly hostile to Prophets ( or the Hebrew faith really ) and was ruled by the unpopular King Ahab and the legendary Queen Jezebel .
Elijah gets so much support from God that God provides him with one of the most spectacular forces in the Bible — fireballs from Heaven .
He provides this twice : once in a challenge against the Prophets of Baals , and second in a confrontation against Israel King Ahaziah ’s men .
Elijah does so much to return the land back to Judaism that he ’s spared even death : he ’s whisked away to heaven in a Chariot of Fire and even gets to hang out with Jesus and Moses at the Transfiguration .
# 5 – Joab – In David ’s time , the man who was called on to do the unsavory stuff .
He led the army as general against many of Israel ’s enemies .
He had to do David ’s dirty work in the part of Uriah ’s murder .
He went against David ’s wiskes and killed David ’s son , Absalom , but he did this because Absalom had begun a rebellion against David .
Sure , he was a total bastard , but these were mostly under orders , for the protection of the nation of Israel , or for revenge against deaths perpetrated against his own family .
That ’s why I always felt he got the raw deal when David , on his deathbed , orders his son and future king Solomon to have Joab assassinated for his past treacheries .
In a way , though , I guess it is a case study about the damaging repercussions of vengeance that is n’t marked enough in the blood - and - guts world of the Old Testament .
# 4 – Jael – Deborah may have been leading Israel at the time .
Jael is the one credited with the win though .
Enemy general Sisera from Canaan was hiding in Jael ’s tend after his failed campaign .
While he took a nap , Jael takes a tent peg and hammers it through his head .
Now that ’s gangsta .
# 3 - Jehu – Jehu is responsible for the Bible verse that is most applicable in real life yet never used in church : “ The driving is like that of Jehu son of Nimshi — he drives like a madman . ” ( 2 Kings 9:20 ) .
Elisha approaches Jehu and tells him that he ’s the next king of Israel .
Jehu likes this very much and , on one day , slaughters TWO kings : King Joram of Israel and King Ahaziah of Judah ( the Hebrews were split into two nations at the time . )
Then he gets the servants of famously villainous Queen Jezebel to defenstrate her ( after which “ blood splatter on the wall ” and “ horses trampled her underfoot ” ) .
Jehu then goes on a wild campaign to rid Israel and Judah of any trace of the House Ahab .
The writer of Kings gives him negative brownie points for not eliminating golden calf worship , so in the end they decide that Jehu was not the 100 % total badass he could have been .
# 2 – Moses – One of the greatest men of the Old Testament , and for all the good reasons .
He starts off his career by taking down an Egyptian , then becomes God ’s emissary as the Israelites are freed from slavery .
Pretty much had to herd the whiny group through the Wilderness while biding time to get into the Promised Land .
Had to serve as a military leader through countless attacks from neighboring tribes .
He even got to meet the Christ on Earth during the Transfiguration .
And , while he ’s almost always portrayed as an old man , all artists seem to agree that the guy was stacked !
Seriously .
Check out this statue from Michelangelo .
Look at the guns on that guy .
# 1 – Samson – One of the most renouned he -man of the Bible .
He ’s one of the oddest heroes of the Old Testament .
Despite being raised as a Nazarite ( that is , he could n’t booze , eat bacon , or shave ) , the guy was a notorious womanizer , slept with whores , and had pretty much smashed everything he touched .
He ’s a favorite in Sunday School because of his sheer badassery , yet I ’m certain that most Christian parents would n’t want their kids to grow up like him .
Observe :
Samson comes face to face with a lion and rips it apart like “ he might have torn a young goat . ”
Frankly , I did n’t even know you could tear apart a goat with your bare hands .
Then he comes back later and eats some honey out of its dead corpse .
Later and a wedding party ( to which he is engaged to a Philistine , an ethnicity that was the mortal enemy of Israel at the time ) , he turns it into some sort of bar bet just because he wants to jerk around with the Philistines .
When thirty groomsmen solve the riddle , Samson has to get a prize for each .
So does he go to the Gap to get them a nice gift card ?
No : he flies into a rage and kills thirty Philistines and steals their clothes .
Samson was crazy like that .
So around that time , Samson ’s father - in - law - to - be decides that Samson is a violent psychopath and decides he ’s not marrying the eldest daughter after all .
He says the guy can marry his youngest daughter though .
( Perhaps he thought the guy would make a good bodyguard , but head of the family was a bit much . )
Samson ’s reaction is cool and reserved : he ties torches to the tails of foxes and has them burn down the Philistine wheatfields and vineyards .
So things are pretty much at a head here .
Samson ’s father - in - law - to - be and wife are burned to death by vengeful Philistines — for Samson ’s jackassery , let me remind you .
Things culminate with violence and fury until the people of Judah decide enough is enough and hand Samson over to the Philistines .
To which Samson snaps , picks up an ass ’s jawbone , and slaughters a thousand Philistines on the spot .
There ’s powerful symbolism here : a bad ass who kill ’s with the jaw of an ass .
And of course , the moment everyone remembers : Samson is betrayed by his new lover Delilah .
His hair , which gives him strength , is cut , he ’s blinded , and he ’s brought to the Temple of Dagon as a human sacrifice .
Of course , his captors forget about the hair thing .
Samson ’s hair grows back , and with one last mighty blow , he pushes down the two load - bearing pillars which he ’s chained to .
He kills himself as well as everyone else in the temple .
The Bible says “ he killed many more as he died that while he lived . ”
That is A LOT of people .
So there you have it .
Samson : you are unofficially the Most Badass Hero From The Bible .
And for the record , here ’s where the Badasses are in Biblical history :
Two from the time of Moses ; three from Judges ; three from the united Israel ; and two from the divided Israel .
So , safe to say , the time between the Judges and the end of Solomon ’s reign were the most badass times of all .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Iraq and Afghanistan wars could cost the United States $ 3.5 trillion through 2017 if “ hidden costs ” like higher oil prices , care for wounded soldiers and interest on borrowed money are counted , congressional Democrats said on Tuesday .
A U.S. soldier with 2nd Platoon , G Company , 3rd Squadron , 2nd Stryker Cavalry Regiment takes position during a patrol in the Muhalla 832 Mechanik neighbourhood in Baghdad November 12 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Stefano Rellandini
The estimate , in a report by Democrats on the Joint Economic Committee , is about $ 1 trillion higher than an October 24 analysis of war costs by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , which mostly weighed direct war expenditures and borrowing costs of more than $ 700 billion .
The new report assumed the United States would withdraw about half of its present combat troops from Iraq by 2013 and maintain 75,000 soldiers there from 2013 - 2017 .
The estimate was released as the House of Representatives again prepared to debate legislation setting timetables for ending U.S. military involvement in Iraq , now in its fifth year .
Anti-war Democrats with a presidential election coming up next November want to link new war funds to a call for combat troops to withdraw from Iraq by the end of 2008 .
“ We cannot afford this war , ” Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , told reporters , noting that 3,860 U.S. troops have been killed and 38,164 wounded in Iraq .
The senior Republicans on the Joint Economic Committee , Sen. Sam Brownback of Kansas and Rep. Jim Saxton of New Jersey , questioned the accuracy of the cost estimate .
They added , “ The wars in Afghanistan and Iraq certainly involve costs , but prematurely pulling out of these wars would also include huge costs that are ignored in the Democrats ’ report . ”
Sen . Charles Schumer , the New York Democrat who chairs the Joint Economic Committee , acknowledged his staff ’s analysis did not incorporate positive economic impacts .
“ No .
That money would ’ve been spent on other things , ” Schumer replied .
Since the September 11 attacks on the United States , Congress has appropriated about $ 604 billion to fight in Iraq and Afghanistan and President George W. Bush has asked for nearly $ 200 billion more .
But the Democratic report estimated the total economic cost so far was about double that amount , at $ 1.6 trillion .
It said the war in Iraq had further hurt the U.S. economy by helping drive up world oil prices at a time of growing demand and declining excess production capacity .
“ Both the direct effect of the war in reducing Iraqi oil production and the indirect effect of creating greater instability in the Middle East can act to increase oil prices , ” the report said .
MOSCOW , Saturday , Aug. 18 — President Vladimir V. Putin said Friday that the Russian Air Force would begin regular , long - range patrols by nuclear - capable bombers over the world ’s oceans , resuming the practice after a 15 - year hiatus in another sign of Russia ’s growing assertiveness .
In the first flight , 14 bombers and six supporting airplanes took off at midnight on Friday , Mr. Putin said , in remarks carried on state television .
Mr. Putin said such patrols would continue “ from this day on . ”
The sortie on Friday included Tu-160 and Tu-95 airplanes , known by their NATO appellations as Blackjacks and Bears , according to a statement posted on the Russian Defense Ministry Web site .
The Russian bombers were flying Friday over the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and the North Pole , and were being escorted by NATO fighter jets , the site said , recalling the standoffs of the cold war .
There are two intelligence analyses that are relevant to the balance of power between the U.S. and Iran  one is the latest U.S. assessment of Iran , which certainly gave a much more complex view of what is happening there .
The other is the Iranian National Intelligence Estimate of America , which  my guess  would read something like this :
To : President Ahmadinejad
From : The Iranian Ministry of Intelligence
Subject : America
As you ’ll recall , in the wake of 9/11 , we were extremely concerned that the U.S. would develop a covert program to end its addiction to oil , which would be the greatest threat to Iranian national security .
In fact , after Bush ’s 2006 State of the Union , in which he decried America ’s oil addiction , we had “ high confidence ” that a comprehensive U.S. clean energy policy would emerge .
We were wrong .
Our fears that the U.S. was engaged in a covert “ Manhattan Project ” to achieve energy independence have been “ assuaged . ”
America ’s Manhattan Project turns out to be largely confined to the production of corn ethanol in Iowa , which , our analysts have confirmed from cellphone intercepts between lobbyists and Congressmen , is nothing more than a multibillion - dollar payoff to big Iowa farmers and agro-businesses .
True , thanks to Nancy Pelosi , the U.S. Congress decided to increase the miles per gallon required of U.S. car fleets by the year 2020  which took us by surprise  but we nevertheless “ strongly believe ” this will not lead to any definitive breaking of America ’s oil addiction , since none of the leading presidential candidates has offered an energy policy that would include a tax on oil or carbon that could trigger a truly transformational shift in America away from fossil fuels .
By SUE REID
Last updated at 18:19 26 November 2007
A part of a new frontier for the British welfare state , the Government wants to encourage more women to go to work while their children are looked after in council nurseries .
There will be nine months ' maternity leave , more flexible working hours for parents and pressure put on businesses to allow mothers to take time off if they have a child under 17 who is taking exams or is ill .
These family - friendly policies were announced in the Queen 's Speech this month and won approval of female MPs , many who whom cut their teeth in politics during the feminist heyday of the Seventies .
Scroll down for more ...
Harriet Harman , the Minister for Women and Equalities , has led the call for change .
She says : " Mothers often tear out their hair trying to balance earning a living with bringing up children and need more flexibility at work . "
But the plans have met with disapproving noises from the Tory Party and businesses .
They warn that they will lead to a nanny state where children of working women will be herded into nurseries and that the family - friendly agenda will be so expensive many employers will be put off hiring women .
So where have Gordon Brown and his female entourage got their ideas for the shake - up in social policy that will change the way we live and bring up our families ?
You only have to look at Sweden , where for 30 years successive Left - wing governments have enforced sexual equality by sending women to work while the state brings up their children .
Yet just as Britain moves towards this system , a backlash is under way in Sweden .
Women are beginning to question why they can't look after their own young children rather than being forced to let government nurseries do it for them .
No one sees the downside more clearly than Therese Murphy and her husband , Paul .
They are bringing up their four children in the picturesque Swedish city of Gothenberg .
The couple are due to have another baby before Christmas , a welcome addition for 39 - year - old Therese to care for at their five - bedroom house near the waterfront .
The couple should have a perfect family life , but when the Murphys go out their neighbours look at them with curiosity .
If Therese takes her two youngest , Elise , nine , and William , five , to play in the park , it is nearly always empty .
For she and Paul , a medical salesman who was born in the U.S. , are bucking the system .
Therese is a stay - at - home mother - one of a tiny number of women in Sweden who do not have a paid job .
She refuses to put her children in one of the state nurseries , where thousands of babies - many as young as 13 months - are left by their mothers each morning .
Europe 's most generous welfare system ( where subsidised childcare means parents pay £ 90 a month for childcare and get up to 80 per cent of their salary during 13 months maternity leave per child ) , is designed to get women into work and once there enforce their total equality with men .
But the truth is that this policy is beginning to fail .
Many families have woken up to the fact that their feather - bedded system is putting traditional family life in peril .
The issue has become so controversial that the Swedish government is being forced to change its equality policies - following protests from women .
In a triumph for housewives , from next year in some areas , mothers will be offered a choice : continue using the state - run childcare facilities or take a cash equivalent to look after your children at home .
Dr Catherine Hakim , a researcher at the London School of Economics specialising in women 's issues , says she is not surprised about the change of heart .
" No person , man or woman , can have it all .
" It is a fact of life .
If you offer mothers special deals at work , the others do n't like it .
They feel they are left to carry the burden .
This rebounds on women and they do n't get the top jobs . "
Indeed , you have only to study what is happening in Sweden to understand what the future may hold for Britain .
Despite years of pushing women into work , just 1.5 per cent are in top management posts .
Yet in the U.S. , where there are fewer family - friendly policies than almost anywhere else in the world , more than 11 per cent of women hold down the best - paid jobs .
But that is not the only problem .
On average , Swedish women earn 20 per cent less than men , the same proportion as Britain .
Most have jobs in the public sector - often , ironically , working in the huge childcare system - while threequarters of men are hired by private firms where salaries are higher and careers more rewarding .
Equality of the sexes it is not .
As Patricia Morgan , an expert on family issues at the British independent think tank , Civitas , explains : " Sweden has made the most concerted attempt in history to bring about the demise of the traditional family and free women from their child - rearing role .
" The system was created , and is kept going , by powerful feminists in the government .
" But it is failing women .
The fact is the majority of women want to manage their own children 's care , while men go out and earn the money . "
Sweden 's Ombudsman for Equality has received thousands of complaints from women who say they have not been offered jobs or who lose them because they are pregnant .
A typical example is Maria Catoni , 30 , an economics graduate who lives in southern Sweden with her husband , Daniel , and 14 - month - old son , Hugo .
Earlier this year , she applied for a job as the financial controller of a firm , but was turned down .
She believes she was discriminated against because she is the mother of a young child .
" The same thing has happened to my friends .
They go for jobs they would be good at .
But then they mention they have children .
That is the end .
Of course , it is illegal to discriminate , but it still goes on , " she says .
But can you really blame employers ?
Absenteeism among women workers in Sweden is rife - especially among mothers of young children .
On a typical day , 20 per cent of women workers do n't turn up .
In the public sector , the figure is 33 per cent .
The backlash in Sweden against Government interference in family and work life is based on women 's realisation that they are missing out on something very precious : the chance to raise their own sons and daughters .
For the past 30 years , generations of children have been parted from their mothers and brought up in state nurseries - with serious consequences .
Suicides are a rising problem among teenagers .
Depression is widespread among girls .
The results in secondary schools , once the envy of the world , have dropped dismally low .
Official statistics show that the psychological well - being of young Swedes has deteriorated faster than in 11 other Western countries during the past two decades .
In 1970 , the reading levels of tenyearold Swedes were the best in the world .
But today , they have slipped to 15th in global rankings .
Jonas Himmelstrand , an expert on special needs education , blames a social policy that separates babies from their mothers .
He says children who are brought up at home are calmer and easier to teach .
Even as adults , those raised in nurseries have a more difficult time concentrating .
No wonder that Therese Murphy wants to return to the pre-Seventies days when women stayed at home to look after their children if they wished .
In other words , she is demanding the right to be mothers again .
" Polls show that 67 per cent of women want to stay at home - yet only a fraction of that number do so .
How can a Government enforce so many to live their lives in a way they do n't want ? " she says .
Sweden 's high taxes - ironically imposed to pay for the nurseries , maternity benefits and entire nanny state - mean that families struggle to survive on a single income .
On average , each person pays half their earnings to the state .
Of this vicious circle , Therese says : " The taxes increase the pressure on mothers to go out to work .
Their extra wage is often the only way to pay the bills , run a home or buy their children extra clothes . "
Therese's experience of state - run childcare makes her feel that the children themselves also suffer .
A trained nurse , she has helped out occasionally at nurseries .
She says she has seen babies handed over by their weeping mothers at the doors at 7 am before work .
Worse , she has seen toddlers screaming as their parents walk away .
" We were told to tell the mothers that their children stopped crying when they left .
" But the reality is that some did n't stop crying for nearly three weeks , when they gave up hope .
" For the child , a state nursery is nothing like home .
The routine is fixed .
These are not relaxed and fun places to spend your childhood .
" The nurseries have so many rules to keep the children safe .
They are often kept awake deliberately so they will sleep at night when their exhausted mother comes to collect them after work .
It is like being in an institution . "
Madeleine Lidman , 43 , is another mother who is challenging the Swedish system .
She lives with her husband , Mikael , a sales manager , and her two daughters , Johanna , 11 , and Josefina , nine , in Stockholm .
She gave up her job in computer marketing when she first gave birth and now works part - time from home .
" My children are proud that I look after them .
They are happy , confident and contented .
" They want to run to me after school and tell me what has happened during the day .
We do n't have as much money as if I worked , we have not bought our own home .
But there are other things that are more important for children than money .
" The parents in Sweden know that something is wrong with this system .
But it has been in place for 30 years and most of them have been brought up in state nurseries themselves .
" They console themselves that if everyone else is sending their children it must be all right . "
What an irony that in Sweden , the crucible of sexual equality , generations of women deprived of the pleasure of sharing their children 's early years at home are starting to rebel .
And if questions are at last being asked in this creator of the nanny state , surely it is time to ask them in Britain - before it is too late .
Sarcos Exoskeleton Video
Someone posted a nice video of the Sarcos exoskeleton ; unfortunately , I can't tell how old it is .
However , it 's informative and the exo is cool , so take a look .
( Sarcos exoskeleton video )
Two - hundred pound pulldowns are easy ; you can lift 70 pound ammunition cases endlessly .
You can run in the suit , and walk up stairs , all carrying heavy loads .
Although the model shown in the video is tethered by power lines , future models will carry battery backpack power .
The Sarcos exoskeleton is also designed to carry on without its human wearer in an autonomous mode .
Also , the company is designing the exoskeleton with different kinds of armored coverings .
Robert Heinlein discussed this idea with lots of details in his 1959 novel Starship Troopers ; read what he has to say about a powered suit :
The real genius in the design is that you do n't have to control the suit ; you just wear it , like your clothes , like skin .
The secret lies in negative feedback and amplification .
Here 's how it works , minus the diagrams .
The inside of the suit is a mass of pressure receptors , hundreds of them .
You push with the heel of your hand ; the suit feels it , amplifies it , pushes with you to take the pressure off the receptors that gave the order to push .
( Read more about Heinlein 's powered armor )
For other exoskeleton news , take a look at these :
Thanks to an anonymous reader who wrote in with this item .
Scroll down for more stories in the same category .
( Story submitted 11/23/2007 )
Follow this kind of news @ Technovelgy .
| Email | RSS | Blog It | Stumble | del.icio.us | Digg | Reddit |
Would you like to contribute a story tip ?
It 's easy :
Get the URL of the story , and the related sf author , and add it here .
Comment / Join discussion ( 2 )
Related News Stories - ( " Robotics " )
Salto Jumping Robot Now Sticks Landing !
' Lucky touched the leap knob and the hopper 's leg retracted . ' - Isaac Asimov , 1954 .
It 's Time For Robots With Soft , Sensitive Skin
Sure , solid metal skin robots looked great once - like in science fiction movies of the 1920's .
Microscopic Robots On The March !
' Microscopic machinery , smaller than ants , smaller than pins , working energetically , purposefully ...' - Philip K. Dick , 1955 .
MOFLIN AI Robot - Yes You Can Have A Tribble
They 're really no tribble at all !
Web TechNovelgy.com
--dTy3Mrz/UPE2dbVg Content - Type : text / plain ; charset=iso - 8859 -1 Content - Disposition : inline Content - Transfer - Encoding : quoted - printable Announcing NetBSD 4.0 Introduction
The NetBSD Project is pleased to announce that release 4.0 of the NetBSD operating system is now available .
NetBSD is a free , secure , and highly portable Unix - like Open Source operating system available for many platforms , from 64 - bit Opteron machines and desktop systems to handheld and embedded devices .
Its clean design and advanced features make it excellent in both production and research environments , and it is user - supported with complete source .
Many applications are easily available through pkgsrc , the NetBSD Packages Collection .
Major achievements in NetBSD 4.0 include support for version 3 of the Xen virtual machine monitor , Bluetooth , many new device drivers and embedded platforms based on ARM , PowerPC and MIPS CPUs .
New network services include iSCSI target ( server ) code and an implementation of the Common Address Redundancy Protocol .
Also , system security was further enhanced with restrictions of mprotect ( 2 ) to enforce W^X policies , the Kernel Authorization framework , and improvements of the Veriexec file integrity subsystem , which can be used to harden the system against trojan horses and virus attacks .
Please read below for a list of changes in NetBSD 4.0 .
NetBSD 4.0 runs on 54 different system architectures featuring 17 machine architectures across 17 distinct CPU families , and is being ported to more .
The NetBSD 4.0 release contains complete binary releases for 51 different machine types , with the platforms amigappc , bebox and ews4800 mips released in source form only .
Complete source and binaries for NetBSD 4.0 are available for download at many sites around the world .
A list of download sites providing FTP , AnonCVS , SUP , and other services is provided at the end of this announcement ; the latest list of available download sites may also be found at http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/.
We encourage users who wish to install via a CD - ROM ISO image to download via BitTorrent by using the torrent files supplied in the ISO image area .
A list of hashes for the NetBSD 4.0 distribution has been signed with the well - connected PGP key for the NetBSD Security Officer : ftp://ftp.NetBSD.org/pub/NetBSD/security/hashes/NetBSD-4.0_hashes.asc
NetBSD is free .
All of the code is under non-restrictive licenses , and may be used without paying royalties to anyone .
Free support services are available via our mailing lists and website .
Commercial support is available from a variety of sources ; some are listed at http://www.NetBSD.org/gallery/consultants.html.
More extensive information on NetBSD is available from our website : http://www.NetBSD.org/
Dedication NetBSD 4.0 is dedicated to the memory of Jun-Ichiro " itojun " Hagino , who died in October 2007 .
Itojun was a member of the KAME project , which provided IPv6 and IPsec support ; he was also a member of the NetBSD core team ( the technical management for the project ) , and one of the Security Officers .
Due to Itojun 's efforts , NetBSD was the first open source operating system with a production ready IP v6 networking stack , which was included in the base system before many people knew what IP v6 was .
We are grateful to have known and worked with Itojun , and we know that he will be missed .
This release is therefore dedicated , with thanks , to his memory .
Fundraising
We would like to remind everyone that the Fundraising Campaign 2007 is still underway , but it will soon be over with the end of the year .
With this release , we would like to call all NetBSD users to send a Christmas present to the project .
You can help us to improve NetBSD even more - donate !
http://www.NetBSD.org/donations/
System families supported by NetBSD 4.0
The NetBSD 4.0 release provides supported binary distributions for the following systems : NetBSD / acorn26 Acorn Archimedes , A-series and R- series systems NetBSD / acorn32 Acorn RiscPC / A7000 , VLSI RC7500 NetBSD / algor Algorithmics , Ltd. MIPS evaluation boards NetBSD / alpha Digital / Compaq Alpha ( 64 - bit ) NetBSD / amd64 AMD family processors like Opteron , Athlon64 , and Intel CPUs with EM64T extension NetBSD / amiga Commodore Amiga and MacroSystem DraCo NetBSD / arc MIPS - based machines following the Advanced RISC Computi= ng spec NetBSD / atari Atari TT030 , Falcon , Hades NetBSD / cats Chalice Technology 's CATS and Intel 's EBSA - 285 evaluati= on boards NetBSD / cesfic CES FIC8234 VME processor board NetBSD / cobalt Cobalt Networks ' MIPS - based Microservers NetBSD / dreamcast Sega Dreamcast game console NetBSD / evbarm Various ARM - based evaluation boards and appliances NetBSD / evbmips Various MIPS - based evaluation boards and appliances NetBSD / evbppc Various PowerPC - based evaluation boards and appliances NetBSD / evbsh3 Various Hitachi Super -H SH3 and SH4 - based evaluation boards and appliances NetBSD / hp300 Hewlett - Packard 9000/300 and 400 series NetBSD / hp700 Hewlett - Packard 9000 Series 700 workstations NetBSD / hpcarm StrongARM based Windows CE PDA machines NetBSD / hpcmips MIPS - based Windows CE PDA machines NetBSD / hpcsh Hitachi Super - H based Windows CE PDA machines NetBSD /i386 IBM PCs and PC clones with i386 - family processors and up NetBSD / ibmnws IBM Network Station 1000 NetBSD / iyonix Castle Technology 's Iyonix ARM based PCs NetBSD / landisk SH4 processor based NAS appliances NetBSD / luna68k OMRON Tateisi Electric 's LUNA series NetBSD / mac68 k Apple Macintosh with Motorola 68 k CPU NetBSD / macppc Apple PowerPC - based Macintosh and clones NetBSD / mipsco MIPS Computer Systems Inc. family of workstations and servers NetBSD / mmeye Brains mmEye multimedia server NetBSD / mvme68 k Motorola MVME 68 k Single Board Computers NetBSD / mvmeppc Motorola PowerPC VME Single Board Computers NetBSD / netwinder StrongARM based NetWinder machines NetBSD/news68k
Sony 's 68 k - based " NET WORK STATION " series NetBSD / newsmips Sony's MIPS - based " NET WORK STATION " series NetBSD / next68k NeXT 68 k " black " hardware NetBSD / ofppc OpenFirmware PowerPC machines NetBSD / pmax Digital MIPS - based DECstations and DECsystems NetBSD / pmppc Artesyn's PM / PPC board NetBSD / prep PReP ( PowerPC Reference Platform ) and CHRP machines NetBSD / sandpoint Motorola Sandpoint reference platform NetBSD / sbmips Broadcom SiByte evaluation boards NetBSD / sgimips Silicon Graphics ' MIPS - based workstations NetBSD / shark Digital DNARD ( " shark " ) NetBSD / sparc Sun SPARC ( 32 - bit ) and UltraSPARC ( in 32 - bit mode ) NetBSD / sparc64 Sun UltraSPARC
( in native 64 - bit mode ) NetBSD / sun2 Sun Microsystems
Sun 2 machines with Motorola 68010 CPU NetBSD / sun3 Motorola 68020 and 030 based Sun 3 and 3 x machines NetBSD / vax Digital VAX NetBSD /x68 k Sharp X680x0 series NetBSD / xen
The Xen virtual machine monitor Ports available in source form only for this release include the following : NetBSD / amigappc PowerPC - based Amiga boards NetBSD / bebox Be Inc's BeBox NetBSD/ews4800 mips NEC 's MIPS - based EWS4800 workstation Major Changes Between 3.0 and 4.0
The complete list of changes can be found in the CHANGES and CHANGES - 4.0 files in the top level directory of the NetBSD 4.0 release tree .
Some highlights include : Networking * agr ( 4 ) : new pseudo - device driver for link level aggregation .
* IP v6 support was extended with an RFC 3542 - compliant API and added for gre ( 4 ) tunnels and the tun ( 4 ) device .
*
An NDIS - wrapper was added to use Windows binary drivers on the i386 platform , see ndiscvt ( 8 ) .
*
The IPv4 source - address selection policy can be set from a number of algorithms .
See " IPSRCSEL " in options ( 4 ) and in_getifa ( 9 ) .
* Imported wpa_supplicant ( 8 ) and wpa_cli( 8 ) .
Utilities to connect and handle aspects of 802.11 WPA networks .
* Imported hostapd ( 8 ) .
An authenticator for IEEE 802.11 networks .
* carp ( 4 ) : imported Common Address Redundancy Protocol to allow multiple hosts to share a set of IP addresses for high availability / redundancy , from OpenBSD .
* ALTQ support for the PF packet filter .
* etherip ( 4 ) : new EtherIP tunneling device .
It 's able to tunnel Ethernet traffic over IP v4 and IPv6 using the EtherIP protocol specified in RFC 3378 .
* ftpd(8 ) can now run in standalone mode , instead of from inetd ( 8 ) .
* tftp(1 ) now has support for multicast TFTP operation in open - loop mode , server is in progress .
* tcp ( 4 ) : added support for RFC 3465 Appropriate Byte Counting ( ABC ) and Explicit Congestion Notification as defined in RFC 3168 .
File systems * scan_ffs ( 8 ) , scan_lfs ( 8 ) : utilities to find FFSv1 / v2 and LFS partitions to recover lost disklabels on disks and image files .
* tmpfs : added a new memory - based file system aimed at replacing mfs .
Contrary to mfs , it is not based on a disk file system , so it is more efficient both in overall memory consumption and speed .
See mount_tmpfs ( 8 ) .
* Added UDF support for optical media and block devices , see mount_udf ( 8 ) .
Read - only for now .
* NFS export list handling was changed to be filesystem independent .
* LFS : lots of stability improvements and new cleaner daemon .
It is now also possible to use LFS as root filesystem .
* vnd ( 4 ) : the vnode disk driver can be used on filesystems such as smbfs and tmpfs .
* Support for System V Boot File System was added , see newfs_sysvbfs ( 8 ) and mount_sysvbfs ( 8 ) .
Drivers * Audio : +
Support for new models on drivers such as Intel ICH8/ 6300ESB , NVIDIA nForce 3/4 , etc. +
Added support for AC ' 97 modems . + auich ( 4 ) : added support to handle the AC '97 modem as audio device , enabled with the kernel option " AUICH_ATTACH_MODEM " . + azalia ( 4 ) : added support for S / PDIF .
* Hardware Monitors : + amdpm ( 4 ) : added support for the i2c bus on the AMD - 8111 used on many Opteron motherboards and for the Analog Devices ADT7464 hardware monitor chip . + adt7467c( 4 ) : new driver for Analog Devices ADT7467 and ADM1030 hardware monitor chips . + ipmi( 4 ) : new driver for motherboards implementing the Intelligent Platform Management Interface 1.5 or 2.0 , from OpenBSD . + it ( 4 ) : new driver for iTE 8705 F / 8712 F and SiS 950 hardware monitors . +
The lm ( 4 ) driver was rewritten and support for more chips was added , for example for Winbond W83627HF , W83627THF , W83627DHG and Asus AS99127 F. + owtemp ( 4 ) : new driver for the 1 - Wire temperature sensors .
+ tmp121temp ( 4 ) : new driver for the Texas Instruments TMP121 temperature sensor . + ug ( 4 ) : new driver for Abit uGuru hardware monitor found on newer Abit motherboards .
* Miscellaneous : + geodewdog ( 4 ) : new AMD Geode SC1100 Watchdog Timer driver . + gscpcib ( 4 ) : new AMD Geode SC1100 PCI - ISA bridge that provides support for the GPIO interface .
* Networking : + ath ( 4 ) : updated HALs with support for WiSOC ( AR531 x ) and 32 bit SPARC . + bge ( 4 ) : added support for the following chips : BCM5753 , BCM5753M , BCM5715 , BCM5754 , BCM5755 and BCM5787 .
Numerous improvements and bugfixes were made too . + kse ( 4 ) : new driver for Micrel KSZ8842/8841 PCI network cards . + msk ( 4 ) : new driver for Marvell Yukon 2 GigE PCI network cards , from OpenBSD . + nfe ( 4 ) : new driver for NVIDIA nForce Ethernet network cards , from OpenBSD . + ral ( 4 ) : new 802.11 driver for PCI / Cardbus Ralink RT2500 , RT2501 , RT2600 , RT2661 and RT2500 USB chipsets , from OpenBSD . + rum ( 4 ) : new 802.11 driver for USB Ralink RT2501 and RT2601 chipsets , from OpenBSD . + sip ( 4 ) : now works on sparc64 . + tlp ( 4 ) : added support for ASIX AX88140A and AX88141 . + vr( 4 ) : added support for the VIA Rhine III . + wm ( 4 ) : added support for i8003 , ICH8 , ICH9 and others .
Support for IPv6 Rx TCP / UDP Checksum Offloading and more . + wpi(4 ) : new driver for Intel PRO / Wireless 3945 ABG PCI 802.11 network cards , from OpenBSD .
* Security : + glxsb ( 4 ) : new driver for the AMD Geode LX AES Security Block that provides random numbers and AES acceleration , from OpenBSD .
* Power Management : + Support for Intel Speedstep SMI on PIIX4 PCI - ISA for i386 . + Support for AMD PowerNow and Cool 'n ' Quiet Technology on K7 and K8 CPUs ( both in 32 and 64 bit mode ) , including Athlon Mobile , Athlon64 , Opteron or X2 .
See options ( 4 ) for more information .
+
Support for more Enhanced Speedstep CPUs , including VIA C7 / Eden and Intel Core Solo / Duo / Duo2 .
See options ( 4 ) for more information .
+
The Enhanced Speedstep and PowerNow drivers were modified to be able to be scaled in all CPUs available , saving power on SMP systems .
* Storage : + ahcisata ( 4 ) : new driver for AHCI 1.0 and 1.1 compliant SATA controllers . + ataraid ( 4 ) : added support to handle Adaptec HostRAID and VIA V - Tech software RAID . + ciss ( 4 ) : new driver for HP / Compaq 5th+ generation Smart ARRAY controllers , from OpenBSD . + fdc ( 4 ) : added support for SBus based sparc64 machines and fixed formatting on sparc . + gcscide ( 4 ) : new driver for the AMD Geode CS5535 Companion Device IDE controller . + jmide ( 4 ) : new driver for JMicron Technology JMB36x PCIe to SATA II / PATA controllers .
+ mfi( 4 ) : new driver for LSI Logic and Dell MegaRAID SAS controllers , from OpenBSD . + mpt( 4 ) : added support for newer SAS and similar devices . + njata ( 4 ) : new driver for Workbit NinjaATA - 32 CardBus IDE controller . + pdcsata ( 4 ) : added support for the Promise PDC20775 , PDC20771 , PDC40518 , PDC40718 and some bugfixes . + piixide ( 4 ) : added support for some ICH8 / ICH8 - M/ ICH9 IDE and SATA controllers . + svwsata ( 4 ) : new driver for Serverworks K2 SATA controllers , from OpenBSD . + viaide ( 4 ) added support for the VIA VT8237A SATA controller and AMD CS5536 Companion Device IDE Controller .
* USB : + ucycom ( 4 ) : new driver for Cypress microcontroller based serial devices . + uipaq ( 4 ) : new driver for the iPAQ devices . + uslsa ( 4 ) : new driver for Silicon Labs CP210 x series serial adapters . + utoppy ( 4 ) : new driver for the Topfield TF5000 PVR range of digital video recorders .
Platforms * i386 : + Added support for the for Multiboot specification .
This means much improved support for loading the kernel by GRUB , including passing in parameters to the kernel .
+
Added the unichromefb framebuffer driver that supports the VIA Unichrome Graphics adapter . + vesafb ( 4 ) : added new framebuffer driver that supports VESA BIOS ( VBE ) 2.0 extensions and up . +
Added ability to boot from the cd9660 file system to the BIOS bootloader .
This adds the ability to load much bigger kernels and the option of selecting different kernels at boot time .
* evbarm : new platform support for Arcom Viper PXA255 - based single board , Atmark Techno Armadillo - 9 and Armadillo - 210 , Certance CP - 3100 , Linksys NSLU2 ( a.k.a. " Slug " ) and I - O DATA HDL -G Giga LANDISK NAS devices .
* evbmips : added support for Alchemy Au1550 processors , DBAu1550 boards , Alchemy Au15XX PCI host , ( OMS - AL400 /128 ) and Atheros AR5312 SoC. * New port ews4800 mips : NEC's MIPS based EWS4800 workstations .
* cobalt : added support for booting off raidframe RAID1 mirrors .
* hpcmips : added the teliosio ( 4 ) driver for the Sharp Telios LCD screen and Battery unit .
* New port landisk : port to the SH4 processor based NAS appliances , supporting models by I - O DATA ( USL -5P , HDL-U , HDL - AV , HDL - W and HDLM - U series , SuperTank LAN Tank , UHDL - 160U and UHDL - 300U ) and Plextor PX - EH16L , PX - EH25L and PX - EH40L .
* macppc : this port has gained support to use accelerated wsdisplay drivers by default ( if possible ) , and uses the appropriate driver rather than the Generic Open Firmware Framebuffer .
* prep : this port has been modernized , and support for five additional machines has been added , among them the IBM 7024 - E20 and 7025 - F30 models and Motorola Powerstack E1 .
Additionally , sysinst support was added , and the bootloader process was improved , allowing easy installation and upgrade to future releases .
* sparc : added support for booting off raidframe RAID1 mirrors .
* Xen : support for Xen3 domU and dom0 ( Unprivileged domain and domain 0 ) , including support for hardware virtualization on CPUs that support it .
Kernel subsystems * Improved Firewire ( IEEE1394 ) support imported from FreeBSD . * The midi( 4 ) framework got a complete overhaul for better support of Active Sensing and improved handling of tempo and timebase changes .
* Added a Bluetooth protocol stack including : + hardware drivers : ubt ( 4 ) for USB controllers , and bt3 c ( 4 ) for the 3Com Bluetooth PC - Card . + socket based access to the HCI , L2CAP , RFCOMM and SCO protocols .
+ pseudo drivers for integrating services on remote Bluetooth devices such as Keyboards , Mice and SCO Audio into the NetBSD device framework .
See bluetooth ( 4 ) , bthset ( 1 ) and btpin ( 1 ) .
* Imported the bio( 4 ) framework from OpenBSD , to query / control block hardware RAID device controllers .
Currently supporting the mfi( 4 ) driver .
* Kernel uses stateful read - ahead algorithm .
* dkctl ( 8 ) can be used to switch buffer queuing strategies on the fly on wd ( 4 ) disks , see also bufq ( 9 ) .
* fileassoc( 9 ) is used by Veriexec , it adds in - kernel and file - system independent file meta - data association interface .
* firmload( 9 ) : an API for loading firmware images used by various hardware devices .
* gpio( 4 ) : imported General Purpose I/O framework from OpenBSD . * onewire ( 4 ) : imported Dallas Semiconductor 1 - wire bus framework from OpenBSD . * The proplib ( 3 ) protocol was added for sending property lists to / from the kernel using ioctls .
* spi(4 ) : new SPI ( Serial Peripherial Interface ) framework .
* timecounter ( 9 ) adds a new time - keeping infrastructure along with NTP API 4 nanokernel implementation .
Almost all platforms were changed to support this API .
* Start of 32 bit - Linux- emulation for amd64 ( COMPAT_LINUX32 ) .
* wscons ( 4 ) console driver supports splash screens , scrolling , progress bar for kernel and boot messages .
Kernel interfaces have continued to be refined , and more subsystems and device drivers are shared among the different ports .
You can look for this trend to continue .
Security * The FAST_IPSEC IPsec implementation was extended to use hardware acceleration for IP v6 , in addition to the hardware accelerated IP v4 that was available before .
See fast_ipsec ( 4 ) for more information .
* mprotect ( 2 ) got restrictions to enforce W^X policies , from PaX. See options ( 4 ) , sysctl ( 3 ) , and paxctl ( 1 ) .
* GCC 4's support for stack smashing protection ( SSP ) was enabled by adding libssp , see security ( 8 ) .
* The kernel authorization framework kauth ( 9 ) was added , replacing the traditional BSD credential management and privileged operation access control with an abstract layer , allowing the implementation of various security models either as part of the NetBSD distribution or as third - party LKMs .
NetBSD 's kernel authorization is a hybrid clean - room implementation of a similar interface developed by Apple , extending its capabilities and combining concepts of credential inheritance control .
Userland * 3rd party software updates : + BIND 9.4.1-P1 + OpenSSL 0.9.8e + CVS 1.11.22 + OpenSSH 4.4 + gettext 0.14.4 + PF from OpenBSD 3.7 + ( n ) awk 20050424 + Postfix 2.4.5 + am-utils 6.1.3 + file 4.21 + zlib 1.2.3 + GNU binutils 2.16.1 + GNU groff 1.19.2 + IPFilter 4.1.23 + GNU gcc 4.1.2 prerelease + GNU gdb 6.5 ( some architectures ) + NTP 4.2.4p2 + pppd 2.4.4 * cdplay ( 1 ) : added digital transfer mode support .
* cksum ( 1 ) can now verify checksums .
* csplit( 1 ) : new utility that splits a file into pieces .
From FreeBSD / OpenBSD. * identd ( 1 ) : added support for forwarding ident queries and receiving of proxied ident queries .
* getent ( 1 ) : added support for the ethers database .
* gkermit ( 1 ) : new program for transferring files using the Kermit protocol .
* mail ( 1 ) : added support for Mime and multi-character set handling , command line editing and completion .
* utoppya ( 1 ) : new utility to interface to the utoppy ( 4 ) driver .
* init ( 8 ) : added support for running multi-user in a chroot ( ) environment .
Allows / file system on e.g. , cgd ( 4 ) , vnd ( 4 ) or ccd ( 4 ) volumes .
* gpt ( 8 ) : new GUID partition table maintenance utility , from FreeBSD .
* iSCSI target ( server ) code added , see iscsi-target ( 8 ) ; Initiator ( client ) code is underway .
* lockstat ( 8 ) : new command to display a summary of kernel locking events recorded over the lifetime of a called program .
* ofctl ( 8 ) : new command to display the OpenPROM or OpenFirmware device tree for the macppc , shark and sparc64 .
* Various utilities to support Bluetooth were added : + btconfig ( 8 ) for controller configuration . + btdevctl ( 8 ) to manage pseudo devices relating to remote services . + bthcid ( 8 ) and btpin( 1 ) for authenticating radio connections . + sdpd ( 8 ) for providing service discovery to remote devices .
+ sdpquery ( 1 ) for querying services on remote devices . + rfcomm_sppd( 1 ) to access remote services over RFCOMM via stdio or pty . + bthset ( 1 ) for making connections to Bluetooth headsets .
Besides this list , there have also been innumerable bug fixes and other miscellaneous enhancements of course .
Components removed from NetBSD
In this release of NetBSD , some software components known from previous releases were removed from the system .
In some cases those were components that are not useful anymore or their utility does not justify maintenance overhead .
Other components were not working properly and there was lack of interest in fixing them .
* Sushi was removed from the base system due to lack of interest and maintenance .
If you really want it , it is available in the CVS repository at othersrc/usr.sbin/sushi .
However , be warned that it is unmaintained and is most likely out of date .
* Vinum was removed due to lack of interest and maintenance .
At the time of removal , it had several known serious issues ( including not being compilable ) .
RAIDframe provides similar functionality .
If you were using Vinum you will need to back up your data , delete the Vinum partitions , create RAID frame partitions , and restore your data to them .
Details about RAID frame can be found in raid ( 4 ) , raidctl ( 8 ) , and the NetBSD Guide .
* Sendmail was removed .
Postfix is the MTA and provides the sendmail ( 1 ) command line tool .
Postfix has been included with NetBSD since NetBSD 1.5 was released in December 2005 .
Details about Postfix can be found in the NetBSD Guide .
For those who need Sendmail , it is available from pkgsrc in the mail / sendmail and mail / sendmail813 packages .
* NETCCITT and NETNS were removed due to lack of interest and maintenance .
They had known serious issues ( including being out of date with respect to other network code ) and there were no known users at the time of their removal .
Unfortunately , there is no replacement or option for them .
* UUCP was removed .
The NetBSD improvements were merged into the pkgsrc version .
For those who use UUCP tools , they are available from pkgsrc in the net / uucp package .
The cu( 1 ) command is available as a frontend to tip ( 1 ) .
* The Fortran 77 compiler ( g77 ) has been removed with the transition from GCC 3 to GCC 4 , which does not include it .
For those who need it , it is available from pkgsrc in the lang / gcc3 - f77 package .
*
The evbsh5 port has been removed from NetBSD due to lack of interest , compounded by a lack of available SH5 hardware .
Acknowledgments
The NetBSD Foundation would like to thank all those who have contributed code , hardware , documentation , funds , colocation for our servers , web pages and other documentation , release engineering , and other resources over the years .
More information on the people who make NetBSD happen is available at : http://www.NetBSD.org/people/
We would like to especially thank the University of California at Berkeley and the GNU Project for particularly large subsets of code that we use .
We would also like to thank the Internet Systems Consortium Inc. , the Network Security Lab at Columbia University 's Computer Science Department , and Ludd ( Lule=E5 Academic Computer Society ) computer society at Lule=E5 University of Technology for current colocation services .
About the NetBSD Foundation
The NetBSD Foundation was chartered in 1995 , with the task of overseeing core NetBSD project services , promoting the project within industry and the open source community , and holding intellectual property rights on much of the NetBSD code base .
Day - to - day operations of the project are handled by volunteers .
As a non-profit organization with no commercial backing , The NetBSD Foundation depends on donations from its users , and we would like to ask you to consider making a donation to the NetBSD Foundation in support of continuing production of our fine operating system .
Your generous donation would be particularly welcome assistance with ongoing upgrades and maintenance , as well as with operating expenses for The NetBSD Foundation .
Donations can be done via PayPal to < paypal@NetBSD.org > and are fully tax - deductible in the US .
If you would prefer not to use PayPal , or would like to make other arrangements , please contact < finance-exec@NetBSD.org >.
NetBSD mirror sites
Please use a mirror site close to you .
* FTP - http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/#ftp
* ISO images - http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/#iso * Anonymous CVS - http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/#anoncvs
* BitTorrent - http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/#bittorrent
* SUP - http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/#sup * CVSup - http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/#cvsup * rsync - http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/#rsync
* AFS - http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/#afs
Please also note our list of CD - ROM vendors .
http://www.netbsd.org/sites/cdroms.html
--dTy3Mrz/UPE2dbVg Content - Type : application / pgp-signature Content - Disposition : inline -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.7 ( NetBSD ) iQEVAwUBR2kjXoLS9urEu56 fAQLSuwf+JEYZH355x20Nmkdc9IbH4bdpkZHXIVaT
jxAVca9XaUty5Jp7fcQ+orvezZt0JAebSheSf4vrjSueMhjOXm7/grVTyDboackE
EY8f9KcLZ6H557qLUUYyhF/rePBQYjuBxw4F4iIbHRNQ1UlgxGkR9dG4VcvpulgK vsa9WQP/1rPGWPjvKnePtxrrhBZDwSQai1jy7dy9AxwDgp5xy27l2vx8MrLFqQox 77dXRixYaysz0iiPzxl2yjArd0LS0odX1BsNvrcPq8UmgcoEjutaW4n9ZrIjcoQg /0CaazL93Xa7mVGEjTLXRc/Yk7UFCQZigFJpukzZDX2CewgEVM6ATg==
=Df / f -----END PGP SIGNATURE ----- --dTy3Mrz/UPE2dbVg--
© COPYRIGHT NOTICE :
All images on this site are protected by copyright © and may not be used in any way without an image licence .
Image licence fees are calculated according to your precise usage .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
This article is marked as ' retired ' .
The information here may be out of date and / or incomplete .
In the northeastern portion of Germany , about thirty - six miles southeast of Berlin , a passenger train and shuttle service delivers men , women , and children to the door of one of the most voluminous structures on the planet .
They arrive throughout the day and night , every day of the year .
The enormous dome stands 350 feet tall , and encloses 194 million cubic feet of space .
It was originally commissioned by CargoLifter AG as a hangar for their heavy - lift airship concept , but their dirigible was never developed , and the company went bankrupt in 2002 .
The following year , Malaysian Tanjong company purchased the gigantic building and filled it with something never before seen in northeast Germany : tropical paradise .
Tropical Islands Resort is an artificial exotic island environment which includes a rain forest , beaches , artificial sunlight , palm trees , orchids , and ambient birdsong .
A large portion of the south side is is made up of transparent panels , allowing natural sunlight to help brighten the interior during the day .
The internal temperature is always kept at a comfortable 77 - 82 degrees Fahrenheit with 50 - 60 % air humidity year - round , regardless of the weather outdoors .
The resort ’s builders have engineered what amounts to a miniature ecosystem .
About 80 % of the resort ’s 66,000 square meters of floor space is used for “ green space , ” which includes more than 500 species of plants , including palm trees , orchids , and other tropical vegetation .
Water from the pools is reclaimed to water the plant life , which grows in a rich , custom - made soil made up of sand , organic waste , clay , and tree bark .
The dome ’s transparent panels are also UV permeable , exposing the plants to natural sunlight and allowing the building to operate as a giant greenhouse .
Some have said that the interior ’s high humidity causes water condensation on the inside of the dome , which collects for some time before finally falling .
This produces light , spontaneous rain showers on occasion , adding to the ambiance of the place .
The interior of the Tropical Islands Dome as seen from above
The resort includes a “ Balinese lagoon ” with whirlpools and a waterfall , a “ south sea ” with an 8,000 square meter sand beach , a tropical village , and a rainforest section with winding walkways .
It offers all of the benefits of a Caribbean cruise without ever leaving port , including the tourist - tailored , stereotyped culture .
You ca n’t beat that with a palm frond .
If you happen to be in Europe already , the price of a train ticket and admission is probably considerably less money than flying to a real tropical island … of course a genuine island offers blue skies and full sunlight in place of gray girders and perpetual overcast , but this place seems to make for a decent substitute .
Even if artificial tropical paradise is n’t your cup of tea , it may be worth seeing just to marvel at the magnitude of the structure and the engineering .
The dome can host up to 7,000 visitors at once , and it has a staff of about 500 .
The resort offers restaurants , shopping , tanning , stage entertainment , and overnight camping on Paradise beach .
Admission is 18.50 Euro ( about $ 23 ) on weekdays , and 23.50 Euro ( about $ 29 ) on weekends , which includes an unlimited stay including all shows .
Much like a real tropical island , Tropical Islands Resort is open around the clock , every day of the year .
They also offer two other services which make for a brilliant combination : a day care center , and seven fully stocked bars .
Sign me up .
More info :
Online tour of the resort
Photo of the dome interior before Tropical Islands construction
Wikipedia article on Tropical Islands Resort
BEFORE breakfast on Thanksgiving , as the first Americans rise to preheat the oven , the question of who is going to carve the bird starts to ripple anxiously across the land .
By mealtime , many cooks will be tired of hovering over the turkey and ready to unload it , but just try to find a taker .
“ One year my 13 - year - old nephew , Josh , was the only one willing to take it on , ” said Nissa Goldstein , a retired teacher in West Hartford , Conn .
“ Of course , everyone was shouting instructions at him , and he ended up locking himself in his room and refusing to come out . ”
It is generally agreed that the art of carving is in sad decline .
The definition of the “ man of the house , ” who would traditionally assume the job , is increasingly slippery .
Family members recognize the risks involved in taking a knife to a relative ’s hard work ; guests often decline such a high - profile role .
Add the inherent drowsiness of Thanksgiving , a cold day devoted to a single huge meal , consider the tendency in many families to start in on the house cocktail as soon as guests begin to trickle in , and the general unwillingness to put blade to bird becomes unsurprising .
I suppose I should say first of all that I hesitate to call Troll an invention .
It is more in the way of a discovery , a discovery moreover that many other people appear to have made on many occasions .
Anyone who 's ever browsed the net will have seen evidence that not only has Troll already been discovered , but that it is being actively played on a regular basis .
Before Play Starts Appointing A " TrollMaster "
The first thing you must do is appoint one person to be the " TrollMaster " .
The TrollMaster does not participate in the game .
Instead , they act a combined referee and scorer .
It is obviously vital that the person selected as TrollMaster be decent , honest and trustworthy .
Admittedly , if you a big enough bunch of shits to actually want to play a game of Troll , finding one of your number who is decent , honest and trustworthy is going to be a near - impossible task .
But I 'll leave you to worry about that .
Selecting The Venue And Timescale
The next task is to determine when and where the game of Troll will take place .
When is obviously up to you .
As to where , games of Troll take place on moderated web - based forums .
You simply need to select one .
For example , you might decide that the game will take place between 9 am and 5:30 pm Friday , on the Open and Tangency forums of RPGNet .
Creating Accounts
Finally , each player needs to create accounts on the target venue .
There are a number of rules covering account creation .
Usually , all accounts must be created before the designated start of the game .
However , some people play variants which state that the accounts must be created after game start .
A player may only create three accounts .
One account will be designated the " primary " account .
The other two accounts are designated as " shadow " accounts .
If the player has existing accounts on the target venue , then he must not use them during the period that the game takes place .
All account details ( names and type , i.e. primary or shadow ) must be sent to the TrollMaster prior to the starting of the game .
The TrollMaster will then circulate the names of the primary accounts to each player .
The names of the shadow accounts remain secret .
Some care should be taken when selecting account names .
It is often best to not select something too flashy , as that may draw attention to yourself .
Many experienced
Troll players suggest picking something fairly nondescript , such as " martin " or " bloke " .
Playing The Game ... Page 1 of 4 Copyright © 2003 Critical Miss Gaming Society
So the crisis has been foreseeable for decades ; it would be automatically triggered by the emergence of a second nuclear power , friendly or unfriendly to the west .
Iran is the unfriendliest possible , encouraging the widespread assumption that it alone is responsible for creating the crisis - and settling it .
But is it ?
It certainly is n't blameless .
First , its nuclear arming would deal a major blow to an already fraying international non-proliferation regime .
Second , it would involve a huge deceit .
Third , the US divides actual or potential nuclear powers into responsible and irresponsible ones .
Iran would be irresponsible , being already the worst of " rogue states " .
Typically , a " rogue state " , as well as being oppressive , ideologically repugnant and anti-American , unites an aggressive nature with disproportionate military strength , thereby posing a constant , exceptional threat to an established regional order .
What could now more emphatically consign Iran to such company than its new president , with his calls to " wipe Israel off the map " ?
Yet , in nuclear terms in the Middle East , Israel is the original sinner .
Non- proliferation must be universal : if , in any zone of potential conflict , one party goes nuclear , its adversaries can't be expected not to .
No matter how long ago it was , by violating that principle Israel would always bear a responsibility for whatever happened later .
Second , its deceit was no less than Iran's , though , there being no non-proliferation treaty at the time , it was only the US it deceived .
Mindful of what Israel 's mendacity portended , the CIA warned in 1963 that , by enhancing its sense of security , nuclear capacity would make Israel less , not more , conciliatory to the Arabs ; it would exploit its new " psychological advantages " to " intimidate " them .
Which , thirdly , points to the irresponsible use Israel has indeed made of it .
Sure , it always justified it as its " Samson option " , its last recourse against neighbours bent on destroying it .
There is no such threat now ; but if there was once , or will be again , the question is why .
A major part of the answer is that on most counts except hostility to the US Israel has always behaved like a " rogue state " .
It came into being as a massive disrupter of the established Middle East order , through violence and ethnic cleansing .
Such a settler - state could only achieve true legitimacy , true integration into a still - to - be - completed new order , by restoring the Palestinian rights it violated in its creation and growth .
That , at bottom , is what the everlasting " peace process " is about .
The world has a broad definition of the settlement lying at the end of it .
It does n't involve the full emancipation of an indigenous people that has been the norm in European decolonisation ; only a compromise vastly more onerous for the defeated Palestinians than the Israelis .
But settlement never comes , because Israel resists even that compromise .
Its nuclear power , on top of its already overwhelming conventional superiority , ensures that .
Such irresponsible use of it is what Shimon Peres was alluding to when he said that " acquiring a superior weapons system would mean the possibility of using it for compellent purposes - that is , forcing the other side to accept Israeli political demands " .
Or what Moshe Sneh , a leading Israeli strategist , meant when he said : " I do n't want the Israeli - Palestinian negotiations to be held under the shadow of an Iranian nuclear bomb . "
As if the Arabs have n't had to negotiate under the shadow of an Israeli bomb these past four decades .
There are three ways the crisis can go .
The first is that Israel insists on , and achieves , the unchallenged perpetuation of its " original sin " .
For it is n't so much " the world " , as President Bush keeps saying , that finds a nuclear Iran so intolerable , but the world on Israel 's behalf ; not the risk that Iran will attack Israel that makes the crisis so dangerous , but that Israel will attack Iran - or that the US will take on the job itself .
In effect , Israel 's nuclear arsenal , or the protection of it , has become a diplomatic instrument against its benefactor .
t is a legacy of America 's own " original sin " , that first , reluctant acquiescence in a nuclear Israel , subsequently turned into uninhibited endorsement of it by seemingly ever more pro-Israeli administrations .
So here is a superpower , wrote the US strategic analyst Mark Gaffney , so " blind and stupid " as to let " another state , ie Israel , control its foreign policy " .
And , in a brilliant study , he warned that a US assault on Iran could end in a catastrophe comparable to the massacre of Roman legions at Cannae by Hannibal 's much inferior army .
For in one field of military technology , anti-ship missiles , Russia is streets ahead of the US .
And Iran 's possession of the fearsome 3M - 82 Moskit could turn the Persian Gulf into a death trap for the US fleet .
And sure enough , from the Bush administration itself , the first hints have been coming that , given the regional havoc Iran could indeed wreak , there may be nothing the US can do to stop it going nuclear .
This points to a second way the crisis could go - with Israel obliged to renounce its monopoly and the Middle East entering a cold - war - style " balance of terror " .
It could be a stable one .
Clearly , like Israel , the mullahs would make irresponsible , political use of their nukes .
But , like Israel 's , Iran 's nuclear quest is essentially defensive , even if not in quite the same fundamentally " existential " sense .
Nothing could have more convinced it of the need for an unconventional deterrent than the fate of that other " rogue state " , Saddam 's Iraq , which the US had no qualms about attacking because it did n't have one .
The third way - Iran 's abandonment of its nuclear ambitions - would stand its best chance of being accomplished if Israel were induced to do likewise ; not just because reciprocity is the essence of disarmament , but because it would signify a fundamental change in America 's whole approach to the region .
And that might have positive effects beyond the nuclear .
" There is only one way , " said the Israeli military analyst Ze 'ev Schiff , " to avoid a nuclear balance of terror : to use the time left , while we still have a monopoly in this field , to make peace ...
In the framework of peace , a nuclear - free zone can be established . "
But that is the wrong way round .
To make peace , as the CIA foresaw , Israel does n't need the intransigence that absolute security brings , but the spirit of compromise that a judicious dose of insecurity might .
A utopian notion perhaps , with the world now so focused on the villainy of Iran - yet better than a US onslaught that would add so thick a layer to an already mountainous deposit of anti-western feeling that Israel could barely hope ever to win acceptance in the region .
· David Hirst reported from the Middle East for the Guardian from 1963 to 2001 dhirst@beirut.com
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2007 November 19
Aurora in the Distance
Credit & Copyright : Lance McVay
Explanation : Some auroras can only be seen with a camera .
They are called sub-visual and are too faint to be seen with the unaided eye .
The reason is that the human eye only accumulates light for a fraction of a second at a time , while a camera shutter can be left open indefinitely .
When photographing an already picturesque scene above Juneau , Alaska , USA , a camera caught green sub-visual aurora near the horizon .
Auroras are sparked by energetic particles from the Sun impacting the magnetic environment around the Earth .
Resultant energetic particles such as electrons and protons rain down near the Earth 's poles and impact the air .
The impacted air molecules temporarily lose electrons , and when oxygen molecules among them reacquire these electrons , they emit green light .
Auroras are known to have many shapes and colors .
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Sediment from the landslide was funneled through an undersea canyon
The landslide off the coast of north - west Africa dumped 225 billion metric tons of sediment into the ocean in a matter of hours or days .
The flow travelled 1,500 km ( 932 miles ) - the distance from London to Rome - before depositing its sediment .
The work , by a British team of researchers has been published in the academic journal Nature .
It was at least as big as many volcanic eruptions
Peter Talling , University of Bristol
After blocks from the original landslide disintegrated , the sand and mud travelled hundreds of kilometres suspended in the water , without depositing any sediment on the sea floor that it had passed over .
The study used sediment cores drilled from the sea bed
A tiny drop in the sea - floor gradient ( from 0.05 degrees to 0.01 degrees ) eventually forced the flow to settle into a cohesive mass .
In places , the flow was over 150 km ( 93 miles ) wide , spread across the open sea floor .
" If you look at the distance it travelled and how much material it moved , it was at least as big as many volcanic eruptions , " Dr Talling told BBC News .
The discovery came from an analysis of shallow sediment cores drilled from the sea bed during a cruise in the research ship Charles Darwin off the north - west African coast .
Dr Talling worked on the project with colleagues from the National Oceanography Centre in Southampton , UK , including Russell Wynn and Doug Masson .
The researchers had to brave rough seas during the cruise
The landslide which triggered this flow was not itself the biggest known .
Several that occurred off the coast of Hawaii involved the movement of more material .
The Storegga slip off the coast of Norway was also larger .
But the scale of the flow that resulted from the African slip amazed the scientists .
Understanding the cause and evolution of these infrequent undersea flows could help exploration of the sea floor .
It could , for example , assist researchers to assess hazards posed to installations for recovering subsurface oil and gas reserves - which can be worth hundreds of millions of dollars .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
General UE
Category Threads Posts Last Post
UE Main
General Urban Exploration discussion -- post location specific threads in the categories below .
Moderated by UE Moderators 1005 33220 9/29/2020 10:53 PM
by Rhincewind
UE Photography
Questions , photos , discussions , all relating to photography .
Moderated by UE Moderators 3359 48934 9/29/2020 4:08 PM
by DescentOnARope
UE Photo Critiques
Post your art photos here , but be prepared for critique and constructive criticism .
Moderated by UE Moderators 342 2958 9/24/2020 5:01 PM
by Sebk
UE Videos
For Urban Exploration - related videos .
Moderated by UE Moderators 897 3511 9/17/2020 4:03 AM
by lostca
Rookie Forum
New to UER or UE ?
You will find answers to common questions here , as well as other rookies , and more senior members who love to help .
Moderated by UE Moderators 439 10798 9/27/2020 6:56 PM
by samw1seg
UE Website Updates
Post and read about updates to other websites related to UE .
Moderated by UE Moderators 31 102 9/19/2020 2:42 PM
by z0th
UE Encyclopedia
An alphabetical listing of UE - related information , with relevant data only .
Everyone may add information .
Moderated by UE Moderators 241 244 2/9/2020 10:44 AM
by Steed
Regional UE
Category Threads Posts Last Post
World
Urban Exploration in places other than North America
Moderated by UE Moderators 417 1733 9/29/2020 12:59 PM
by Doug
Other
Category Threads Posts Last Post
Forum Announcements
Forum news , like upcoming features , policy changes , and requests for public comment .
Moderated by UE Moderators 17 345 3/6/2018 2:21 PM
by yokes
In Memoriam
A place to remember UER members no longer with us in this life .
Moderated by UE Moderators 31 1358 8/28/2020 3:07 AM
by Deconstrukt
Journals
Read other people 's personal Journals , or create your own .
Moderated by UE Moderators 48 215 4/14/2017 2:01 PM
by stealthwraith
By DANIEL MARTIN
Last updated at 22:07 31 October 2007
The number of GPs earning more than £ 250,000 has doubled in a year .
The average family doctor in England now earns £ 113,600 , according to official figures yesterday .
Despite the pay increase , they work about seven fewer hours a week than they did before 2004 .
That was the year a new contract allowed GPs to opt out of responsibility for patients outside of working hours .
The salaries were agreed as part of the contract .
Campaigners criticised the rises last night .
Katherine Murphy , of the Patients Association , said : " GPs are 10 per cent better off but their patients are not .
" Patients have to pay more than ever for their NHS and are entitled to expect a better service .
" What they have had to put up with far too often is a system riddled with fault lines , office hours only , delayed appointments , poor communications and retribution if they complain . "
Matthew Elliott , of the Taxpayers '
Alliance , added : " This is an astonishing amount to pay GPs when the service received by patients has improved so little .
" At three times the rate of inflation , it 's difficult to see why GPs deserve this pay rise . "
A total of 307 GPs earned more than £ 250,000 in 2006 /07 , up from 154 the year before , according to yesterday 's figures for 2005 / 06 from the Information Centre for Health and Social Care .
Some 815 earn between £ 200,000 and £ 250,000 - almost double the previous year 's figure .
More than 19,532 GPs earn more than £ 100,000 - compared to 14,343 who earn less .
In England , GPs take home an average of £ 113,600 .
In Wales , the figure is £ 102,194 , while in Northern Ireland it is £ 98,656 and in Scotland £ 90,619 .
The British Medical Association , which represents doctors during pay negotiations with the Government , said GPs were worth every penny .
Dr Laurence Buckman , chairman of the BMA 's GP committee , said : " Most of the increase in GP pay in recent years has come from the extra resources that GPs earn if they offer higher quality patient care .
The outcome from this raised quality is a better standard of health . "
In real terms , the average salary was likely to fall in subsequent years , he said , as the Government has hours are worked each week for the NHS by the average GP pegged pay rises to 0 per cent for the past two years .
However , the performance - related element of the contract means salaries could still increase .
GPs are paid extra for procedures such as blood tests or counting obese patients .
The BMA threatened to turn away new patients and cut services in response to the pay freeze .
Tory health spokesman Andrew Lansley said : " We believe GPs are senior professionals and should be paid as such .
But GPs should take increasing responsibility for the commissioning of services for patients . "
Pay rises for GPs and consultants , which cost the Government more than expected , have been blamed in part for NHS deficits .
MPs on the Commons health select committee branded GP pay as " excessive " .
A BMA representative who negotiated the GPs ' contract described it as " a bit of a laugh " that pay rose while they were allowed to pull out of responsibility for patients before 8 am , after 6.30 pm , and at weekends .
More than 90 per cent decided to do so .
Primary care trusts took over responsibility and have brought in private firms to take over .
But the services are not as effective , according to the Committee .
It described out - of - hours care as a " shambles " .
Health Minister Ben Bradshaw said : ' It is right that GPs should be rewarded for the care they provide to patients .
The current contract has helped boost GP numbers and improve care for patients .
But we do want to see GPs offering more convenient and flexible opening hours .
" We will be working with GPs to ensure that at least 50 per cent of practices extend their opening hours and we are taking action to tie GP income more closely to patient experiences . "
The BMA said high - earning GPs were in charge of big practices , employing lots of doctors or also dispensing drugs .
I ’ll warn you right now , it ’s raining Mars news today .
Take cover .
First up , we ’ve got this interesting story .
Planetary scientists at MIT have estimated that Mars ’ southern pole contains the largest quantity of frozen water in the inner solar system ( apart from the Earth , of course ) .
Many people believed that frozen carbon dioxide was the predominant substance in the south pole ’s cap , but nope , it ’s water .
The research was led by Maria Zuber , MIT professor of geophysics , and the lead investigator for gravity for the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
The project is funded by the NASA Mars Program .
Scientists have long suspected that the Martian southern pole was mostly ice and dust , covered by a thin coating of carbon dioxide , but they did n’t have a firm estimate .
Zuber and her colleagues used topographical and gravitational data by three Mars spacecraft to find the volume and mass of the ice cap .
Once they had the volume and mass , they were able to calculate the density .
The density of water ice is 1,000 kg per cubic metre , while the density of solid carbon dioxide ( aka dry ice ) is 1,600 kg per cubic metre .
Their estimates calculated that the Martian southern pole is about 1,220 kg per cubic metre .
That indicates that it ’s mostly water , with about 15 % silicate dust mixed in .
This makes the southern polar region of Mars the largest body of water in the inner solar system , outside of the Earth .
Just in case that ’s not clear , we ’re talking about Mercury , Venus and Mars .
One thing that ’s still puzzling astronomers is the fact that the polar cap does n’t reflect as much as you would expect from a coating of ice .
It ’s believed that the silicate dust mixed in dulls down the cap ’s reflectivity .
Zuber and her team are planning to estimate the northern polar cap .
Original Source : MIT News Release
These are previously not published here photos of old Moscow city …
There is more evidence than ever that a person who weighs too much is more likely to develop cancer , a landmark report said Wednesday .
And forget eating bacon , sausage and lunchmeat .
No amount is considered completely safe , according to the analysis from the American Institute for Cancer Research and the World Cancer Research Fund .
An international panel of experts reviewed more than 7,000 large - scale studies and spent five years developing the report ( www.dietandcancerreport.org).
Excess body fat increases the risk of cancer of the colon , kidney , pancreas , esophagus and uterus as well as postmenopausal breast cancer , the report says .
READ THE REPORT : No amount of processed meat considered completely safe
" This was a much larger impact than even the researchers expected , " says Karen Collins , a cancer institute nutrition adviser .
" People forget body fat is not an inert glob that we are carrying around on the waistline and thighs .
It 's a metabolically active tissue that produces substances in the body that promote the development of cancer . "
Michael Thun , head of epidemiological research for the American Cancer Society , says , " People are not paying nearly enough attention to the relationship between obesity and increased cancer risk . "
The report also found :
• Every 1.7 ounces of processed meat consumed a day increases the risk of colorectal cancer by 21 % .
" This is a wake - up call for people who eat hot dogs or pepperoni pizza regularly , " Collins says .
" They need to be looking for other alternatives .
But you can still occasionally have a hot dog . "
There could be several reasons why processed meats may increase cancer risk .
Carcinogens have been linked to smoked meat and the nitrates and excess salt in processed meats , Collins says .
• The evidence linking red meat intake ( beef , pork and lamb ) to colorectal cancer is more convincing than it was a decade ago , the report says .
It advises limiting red meat to 18 ounces of cooked meat a week .
The cancer risk is minimal for people who eat that amount , but beyond that the risk increases , Collins says .
• Alcohol consumption is linked to an increased risk of cancer of the mouth , throat , larynx , esophagus , breast , colon and liver .
The report is drawing fire from the food industry .
Ceci Snyder , a registered dietitian with the National Pork Board , which represents pork producers , says , " The U.S. Dietary Guidelines include meat and processed meat , and those guidelines are based on a review of the scientific evidence . "
Mary Young of the National Cattlemen 's Beef Association says the group engaged scientists to review the scientific literature on the topic , and they concluded there is no evidence red meat causes cancer .
A separate survey of 1,022 adults , also released Wednesday by the cancer institute , showed that 39 % say cancer is their top health concern and 49 % say it 's highly unlikely they can do anything to prevent cancer .
" Let 's not be afraid anymore , " Collins says .
" There is something you can do about it . "
Enlarge AFP / Getty Images file photo
Food like the bacon rasher and sausage included in this plate from the All You Can Eat Breakfast Championships , held earlier this year in London , can increase the risk of cancer , researchers said .
My colleague David Paul Kuhn attended an on - the - record dinner with Mike Huckabee and a group of reporters tonight in Des Moines .
The transcript speaks for itself :
Kuhn : I do n’t know to what extent you have been briefed or been able to take a look at the NIE report that came out yesterday ...
Huckabee : I ’m sorry ?
Kuhn : The NIE report , the National Intelligence Estimate on Iran .
Have you been briefed or been able to take a look at it —
Huckabee : No .
Kuhn :
Have you heard of the finding ?
Huckabee : No .
Kuhn then summarized the NIE finding that Iran had stopped work on a clandestine nuclear program four years ago and asked if it “ adjusts your view on Iran in any sense . "
Kuhn :
What is your concern on Iran as of now ?
Huckabee : I ’ve a serious concern if they were to be able to weaponize nuclear material , and I think we all should , mainly because the statements of Ahmadinejad are certainly not conducive to a peaceful purpose for his having it and the fear that he would in fact weaponize it and use it .
( He pauses and thinks ) I do n’t know where the intelligence is coming from that says they have suspended the program or how credible that is versus the view that they actually are expanding it .
…
And I ’ve heard , the last two weeks , supposed reports that they are accelerating it and it could be having a reactor in a much shorter period of time than originally been thought .
Kuhn : Does the United States face a higher burden of proof on Iran in light of Iraq , in the international community ?
Huckabee : Probably so .
First time I ’ve been asked a question like that .
But I think probably so because there is going to be a real anxiety for us to take any type of action without there being some very credible and almost irrefutable intelligence to validate our decision .
Kuhn :
And then on the flip side of that .
a conservative concern might be , does the United States , might they hedge , might they be timid from taking necessary aggressive action due to the failures of intelligence on Iraq , and our failures in Iraq itself ?
Huckabee : I think that ’s a possibility as well .
And that would be unfortunate if we actually knew we needed to take action but were fearful of doing so because of getting burned in the Iraq situation .
That would be a serious challenge for us .
comments closed
permalink
I ’ve got some poorly recorded MP3s of people speaking .
I want to try to make them a little easier to hear .
In Windows I ’d reach for Sound Forge .
How about in Linux ?
Search Google for “ sound forge equivalent for Linux . ”
Find several references to “ Wave Forge . ” Find “ Wave Forge ” has n’t been updated this century .
Move on .
Decide to try Audacity because it ’s in the back of your head , and Ardour because you found a bunch of links to it somewhere .
yum install audacity ardour .
That was easy .
Run Ardour .
Tells you it needs JACK .
WTF is a JACK ?
Move on .
Run Audacity .
Loads .
GUI looks a little silly compared to Sound Forge , but it looks functional enough .
Try to load the MP3 file .
Get told this version does n’t have MP3 support .
Fish around for something to decode an MP3 to a WAV file .
Feel bad about considering installing xmms just because you remember how to do this with WinAmp .
Rejoice when you find lame -- decode .
Load the WAV in Audacity .
Looks good .
Hit the play button .
Get told there ’s an error in sound output .
Check sound preferences .
Note that there are no available playback devices .
Read around for a while about JACK .
See references to jackd .
Eventually realize that this is something you need to run yourself , as your own user .
Run jackd .
Get told that it ca n’t open the hardware device , presumably because other things ( Amarok , Flash ) are using it .
Find the correct invocation to run jackd which is something like jackd -d alsa -d default ( -d twice , WTF ) .
jackd seems to keep running .
Cross fingers , run Ardour .
It opens .
Look at the Ardour interface .
Decide that ( 1 ) it ’s not what I want , and ( 2 ) dear god that is ugly .
Is that Tk? Motif ?
Holy hell .
Run away .
Open Audacity back up for the shit of it .
Lo , there is some sort of JACK playback device now .
Select it , hit OK .
Click play button in Audacity .
Error with sound card .
Go into settings , change record device from OSS to JACK .
( But I ’m not recording ? )
Click play button in Audacity .
Sound comes out !
Rejoice .
Select a section , figure out how to zoom in .
Click play .
Get an error telling you it ca n’t play .
Try playing different selections , no selections .
Keep getting the same error .
Restart Audacity .
Same error .
Restart jackd .
Restart Audacity .
Same error .
Read about qjackctl being very helpful .
yum install qjackctl .
That was easy .
Run it .
Not sure what I ’m looking at .
Says JACK is started .
Try to turn on logging .
Tells me I have to restart something .
Whatever .
Restart Audacity .
Hit play .
Same error .
strace jackd .
Hit play in Audacity .
No activity .
Stop jackd and tell qjackctl to start it .
Get a pretty incomprehensible error message in its “ log . ”
Realize that it ’s bitching because it ’s trying to start it with real - time priority , which it presumably does n’t have permission to do .
Read http://jackaudio.org/faq.
“ The simplest , and least - secure way to provide real - time privileges is running jackd as root .
This has the disadvantage of also requiring all of JACK clients to run as root . ”
Yeah , no .
Google around a bit , find out about /etc/ security / limits.conf .
Find some lines in there referring to @jackuser .
Try to usermod - a - G jackuser myuser .
Fails , presumably because my user is in LDAP ( but the group is in /etc / group ) . vigr , add myself to the jackuser group by hand .
Do n’t want to restart my X session to get new groups .
Figure I need to log in from scratch to get new limits .
Fuck it , ssh localhost .
Run qjackctl .
Tell it to start jackd .
Works .
Rejoice .
Run Audacity .
Hit play .
It works !
Stop .
Hit play again .
It still works !
Stop .
Make a selection .
Play the selection .
Holy shit it played the selection !
Really not very much work at all .
And Audacity only crashed , like , three or four times while I was using it !
( Mostly when hitting the play button to play the section I was working on .
I ca n’t remember if jackd exited too . )
I ca n’t wait for PulseAudio .
I ’m sure that will make all of this even easier .
Recruitment and the Mythical Year of Experience December 6 , 2007
Posted by Imran Ghory in recruitment
When it comes to recruitment the basic unit of measurement for ability is “ years of experience ” – this is something that many developers very vocally consider inappropriate , often due to the amount of experience being requested seeming excessive .
However if you consider it from the viewpoint of the company hiring , it does make a certain amount of sense .
There is a strong correlation between the years of experience an average developer has and their ability as a software developer .
You are not the average software developer .
As has been discussed elsewhere in the blogosphere recently , if you read programming blogs for fun then you are not the average .
Most software developers do not read programming blogs or even programming books for fun .
Not that there ’s anything wrong with that , but many software developers seem to have an innate assumption that other software developers are like them ( i.e. I read books , so they must read books too ) , which in part is responsible for the frustration with the “ years of experience ” measurement .
The average developer ’s skills are closely correlated to the amount of experience they have because for the average developer on - the - job experience is where they learn and become better developers .
Hence it makes sense to use years of experience as a measure , it ’s not exactly what we want to measure but it ’s a better proxy measurement then anything else in common use .
But the next obvious question is :
Why do firms ask for many more years than they seem to need ?
Lets consider a company that goes out and interviews a lot of people who ’ve applied for a job .
Say the average applicant applying has five years of experience , and from all their interviewing they find the candidates are too weak for the role .
So they bump up the requirement to seven years .
Not because they do n’t think there ’s anyone with five years experience who can do the job , but that the average developer with five years experience can’t and that the number of people with five years experience who can do the job is significantly less than those with seven years experience .
It ’s purely a number game .
If only one - percent of those with five years experience are good enough for your needs but five - percent of those with seven years are , then requiring seven years of experience will significantly decrease the number of interviews you have to conduct .
Say you expect to interview a hundred candidates – would you rather be left with five candidates who are strong enough ( and can then be judged on other criteria such as fit , etc. ) or just one candidate who may or may not be a match for your company ?
However it ’s actually worse than this situation , as the average software developer is actually significantly better than the average software developer who ’s on the job market .
People who are above average for their level of experience get hired very quickly because firms realize a good thing when they see it .
People who are below average stay on the market for longer and therefore apply for more jobs .
So not only are the people looking for jobs worse than average , the worst are also applying for a lot more jobs .
This means that if you want someone with the skills of an average developer with five years of experience , you might have to actually hire someone with ten years of experience – who ’s significantly below average for their level of experience but is roughly equivalent to the average developer with five years of experience .
So if you ’re an above average developer , you need to realize that the “ years of experience ” requirement is n’t written with you in mind .
Rather it ’s written for the below average developer on the market for whom it actually makes sense .
Burma and Tibet :
The world 's double standards
October 16 , 2007
T he Westernised world , led by the United States , had come down hard on Burma , today known as Myanmar , for its human rights abuse .
And rightly so : Burma , once called the `jewel of Asia ' , is in dire straits .
Its military government , which has plundered resources and kept this magnificent nation in poverty , ruthlessly clamped down on the peaceful monks manifesting for greater freedom recently and are still keeping Aung San Suu Kyi , a Nobel Peace Prize winner , under house arrest .
Sanctions are called for , immense pressure is exerted upon Burma and even China , that clever manipulator of nations , is brought upon to influence the Burma generals .
At the same time , terrible things are happening in Tibet , on a more violent and deadly scale .
Tensions have increased in the Kardze ( Chinese : Ganzi ) area of eastern Tibet , the present - day Sichuan province , with the execution of a Tibetan prisoner that may be linked to the political crackdown following a protest in support of the Dalai Lama [ Images ] by nomad Runggye Adak in August .
According to reports from Amnesty International , there have been further detentions of Tibetans , including a young art teacher , a local nomad who expressed support for Runggye Adak and the Dalai Lama , and a senior monk respected for his commitment to Tibetan education in the Lithang area .
There is also an increased and intimidatory military presence in the two neighbouring counties of Lithang and Kardze , both in Kardze Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture ( in the Tibetan area of Kham ) .
International Campaign for Tibet also notes that there is an intensified political campaign that requires Tibetan monks , nuns , laypeople and children to denounce the Dalai Lama .
" The stepping up of this anti-Dalai Lama campaign in the region coincides with a period when the Dalai Lama himself is increasingly received by world leaders and respected for his leadership on peace and non-violence , " says Kate Saunders , spokesperson for ICT .
Witness the hysterical Chinese reaction to the Dalai Lama receiving the US Congress 's highest civilian award on October 17 .
Yet , the whole world keeps mum .
Including India of course , although Tibet has always acted as a natural buffer between her and China , which often has had hegemonic tendencies .
In spite of the fact that Tibet has taken and assimilated so much of Indian culture , without mentioning that the Dalai Lama embodies the best qualities of compassion and ahimsa .
Why does the West keep quiet ?
Well , for one , it does so much business with China -- the US and the European Union have ( unwisely ) invested their shirts there -- that if anything happens to China , it will shake the very foundations of the West .
Then of course , Burma is a small Buddhist country and it cannot retaliate if anything is done to it and cancel its orders of Airbuses or Boeings like China might .
And lastly , India , which should dictate terms , as it can exert an influence on Burma ( it has the economic and military leverage to do so ) and does need to contain China in that region , because of its strategic location , is strangely mum .
In journalism , you have to read between the lines , or look for what is hidden .
There are also many things which are left unsaid .
Firstly , there is a lot of oil and gas at stake in Burma .
Secondly , as we said above , Burma is very strategically placed in terms of maritime access to the Far East and from the Far East , westwards -- and both China and the US are eying it ( India as usual is getting bypassed , because of inertia , indifference and a lack of a forceful will , although Burma falls within her natural sphere of influence ) .
Then there is the Christian element .
As in South Korea , the Philippines or Taiwan , the American armies of missionaries are impatiently waiting at the doors of Burma to get in that stronghold of Buddhism .
Burmans , of Tibetan ethnic origin , form 68 per cent of the population of 57 million .
But there are other important , distinct ethnic groups : the largely Christian Karen , for instance , which has always had a lot of support from the West and Christian lobbies in the US .
What would happen if the Karens were allowed independence as they wish ?
Well , as pointed out by award - winning author and broadcaster Eric S Margolis , the largest , Shan , with their Shan State Army , who are ethnically close to neighbouring Thailand and are in cahoots with the Thai military , would do the same .
They might be followed by each major ethnic group , which has its own army and finances itself through smuggling timber , jewels , arms , and drugs .
" The only force holding Myanmar together is the military and secret police , " says Margolis .
Swedish idioms in painfully literal translation
kulturCHOCK !
needs you !!
Aficionados of the Swedish language like to collect idioms and amuse each other by translating them literally .
Here is your chance to contribute to an ever - growing collection .
Use the submission form to send us your own idioms for inclusion here .
( Note .
This is a Historical Document , it is not possible to submit )
Some of the submissions that are not really idioms , or that just do not make any sense can be found on a separate list .
This linguistic resource is brought to you by :
kulturCHOCK !
A Swedish - American journal of being neither here nor there .
Editor 's Choice : ten idioms that crack us up
Q : Will Edward be making a visit to SL ?
A : He 's already here .
He 's inside all hour hearts and minds .
Because he can read them .
Q : how can he concentrate ?
A : I imagine he just squints his eyes really hard
— and they 're alive and gloating .
" Guess what : we 're not Republicans .
In fact , I 'm one of the most hard - core liberals I know .
" A post on the John Edwards blog claimed credit for an attack on his campaign HQ in Second Life — saying that " We simply did it for the lulz ...
The fact you were so bent out of shape to make a blog post on the OFFICIAL JOHN EDWARDS BLOG about how some people placed a bunch of shittingdicknipples on your lawn is mighty telling .
" The post was deleted from Edwards blog .
( Its last line was " Enjoy your AIDS ! " )
But the poster used the name Mudkips Acronym , which also turns up in a January entry on Encyclopedia Dramatica , identifying him as a member of a longstanding Second Life " invasion group . "
Its name is given as " Patriotic Nigras : e-terrorists at large , " and Saturday the entry was updated to claim credit for the Edwards attack .
This would make the Edwards attack just the latest installment in a longer history of random assaults .
The page describes the group 's first attacks as griefing pranks on Second Life 's " Gay Yiffy " virtual nightclub — blocking the exit doors on a disco 's private rooms , and filling its dance floor with an annoyingly large box .
They returned to build a wall with a swastika of American flags , and eventually acquired a " Doomsday " weapon that creates endlessly replicating cubes .
The group also claims weapons like " the Dong Popgun " ( which fires a barrage of penises ) , and the " Cosby Block " ( a profilerating posters of the Jell - o pudding pops spokesman ) .
One Second Life blogger accused the group of distributing the infamous Goatse picture , a tactic confirmed by a Second Life newspaper .
And the group 's ultimate weapon — the " Mario mosh pit " — even floods an area with images of Nintendo 's Mario character .
YouTube footage apparently captures the attacks , set to musical soundtracks like " America : Fuck Yeah " , or the soundtrack to Star Wars .
A climactic January attack targeted another night club in Second Life , according to their Wiki page — followed by a permanent ban of the group 's members .
( They believe Second Life had successfully identified their computer hardware , according to the web page . )
It claims the group is now armed with an " unbanning " tool , and having grown to at least 15 members , now hides in a secret base somewhere in Second Life 's virtual sky .
On the Edwards blog , Mudkips Acronym also posted that " we had something much bigger planned , and the actions of a few in the organization sort of spoiled it . "
Even then , he was amused by the online coverage and wrote that " If this sort of hilarity is getting out after something rather routine , we can only dream of what would happen later .
" John Edwards had been running a flawless online campaign , with a web site promising Edwards will " ensure America 's greatness in the 21st century . "
The candidate assembled an impressive online outreach effort , with pages on all the major social networking sites .
( Although his LiveJournal site still sports embarrassing ads for cheap flights to Las Vegas because the campaign did n't pay the $ 2.00 a month for an ad - free account . )
Last month an Edwards volunteer decided to create a campaign headquarters in Second Life — prompting mixed reactions .
( " Edwards To Pin Down Crucial Techno - Savvy Shut - In Vote , " joked Wonkette . )
But other Edwards volunteers were clearly excited .
" Excuse me , your netroots are showing ! " gushed a poster on the Edwards site .
" The Edwards campaign once again proves its Web 2.0 credentials ...
" It was barely more than two weeks before the attackers struck — setting off an interesting discussion about the state of the online world .
" This is the modern - day equivalent of hippies freaking out the squares , " wrote a blogger at Wired .
" You see countless news stories about this , over and over again : the gray humorless drones of political parties or corporations rushing to establish a presence in Second Life because it 's the thing to do , only to find themselves staring directly into the collective Goatse.cx of the Internet 's soul .
" One of the attackers struck the pose of a manifesto writer .
" [ T ] he truth is , there is something terribly wrong with Second Life , is n't there ...?
[ W ] here once you had the freedom to object , think , and speak as you saw fit , you now have IP bans and hypocritical labelers coercing your conformity and soliciting your submission .
" But their real motivation seems to be the thrill of griefing .
" You do n't have to have furries to be a target , " notes another comment , " all you have to be is so full of yourself that you freak out over an attack .
Freak out once and they 'll come back because the more you struggle and complain , the funnier it is .
" And one poster goes even further .
" The thing is ... griefing is pretty much the only way to make Second Life fun if you are n't a furry or a pedophile or something .
" Second Life 's creators , Linden Labs , were compelled by the incident to issue a middle - of - the - road response ( " At Linden Lab we do the utmost to ensure the protection of creative expression , within certain bounds .
Ultimately , instances in which residents engage in vandalism will have to be taken on a case by case basis according to our terms of service . " )
And Second Life boosters had already been sharing their tips for dealing with griefers .
But perhaps the best summation came from a comment at the Game Politics site " Why does everyone think that this was political ?
This is what happens in Second Life .
" According to the Second Life Herald , the Edwards virtual HQ had already been targeted by a pesky next door neighbor who insisted on touting the presidential candidacy of John Edward — the psychic host of TV's " Crossing Over .
"
In an unpredictible online environment , political campaigns will face situations that are new and unexpected .
( The Huffington Post went to the trouble of pointing out that while Edwards had a virtual headquarters , there were " scantily clad vixens nearby . " )
One observer even found their way to Edwards ' blog and posted " John , welcome to the internet .
If you can't stand the heat , stay out of the kitchen , but if you are willing to laugh at the insanity you 'll find many friends there .
" As a kind of confirmation , the online pranksters themselves updated their Encyclopedia entry with a link to an apparently - related web page .
Accessing the page plays the dramatic finale to Tchaikovsky 's 1812 Overture while showing a picture of a giggling anime girl — and a five dollar bill with John Edwards ' face .
" Sorry we broke your intertube campaign , Mr. Edwards , " it says .
" So here 's 5 bux . "
Brig Gen Dorko is being treated for non-life threatening injuries
Brig Gen Jeffrey Dorko is the highest ranking US soldier injured in the Iraq war since the US - led invasion of 2003 .
Gen Dorko , commander of the Gulf Region Division of the US Army Corps of Engineers , was left with " non-life threatening " wounds from the explosion .
He was evacuated to Landstuhl Regional Medical Centre in Germany , where he was said to be in a stable condition .
A second soldier wounded in the attack was treated and released .
The Canadian government is about to bring down Canada 's version of the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act , and it promises to be the worst copyright law in the developed world .
It will contain an " anti-circumvention " clause that prohibits breaking the locks off your music and movies in order to move them to new devices or watch them after the company that made them goes out of business — and it will follow the US 's disastrous lead with the DMCA in that there will be no exceptions to the ban on circumvention , not even for parody , fair dealing , time shifting , or other legal uses .
This will be even worse than the last Canadian copyright proposal , the defeated Bill C - 60 .
But there 's hope .
The last two Ministers who tried to push through a US - style copyright bill in Canada lost their jobs , thanks in large part to Canada 's coalition of artists , educators , archivists , and public - interest activists .
Selling Canada 's digital future out to a handful of US companies is a bad career move for Canadian politicians .
Gear up for a fight in the New Year .
The American record labels , in particular , are said to be well organised and ready to push this through on a fast track ( even though they 've abandoned DRM in the rest of the world , they view Canada as a weak sister they can push around ) .
If this law passes , it will mean that as soon as a device has any anti-copying stuff in it ( say , a Vista PC , a set - top cable box , a console , an iPod , a Kindle , etc ) , it will be illegal for Canadians to modify it , improve it , or make products that interact with it unless they have permission from the ( almost always US - based ) manufacturer .
This puts the whole Canadian tech industry at the mercy of the US industry , unable to innovate or start new businesses that interact with the existing pool of devices and media without getting a license from the States .
If this law passes , it will render all of the made - in - Canada exceptions to copyright for education , archiving , free speech and personal use will be irrelevant : if a technology has a lock that prohibits a use , your right to make that use falls by the wayside .
Nevermind that you 've got the right to record a show to watch later — or to record a politician 's speech so you can hold him to account later — the policeman in the device can take that right away with no appeal .
If this law passes , it will make Canada into a backwards nation , lagging behind the UK , Israel and other countries that are passing new copyright laws that dismantle the idea of maximum copyright forever and in all things .
Link
Evil in Pullman 's books is represented by the church , called the Magisterium , whose acolytes kidnap orphans across England to subject them to horrible experiments in the frozen northern wastelands .
The Northern Lights won Pullman the 1995 Carnegie Medal for children 's fiction in Britain , and the final volume in his trilogy , The Amber Spyglass , was the first children 's novel to be awarded the prestigious British Whitbread Book of the Year award , which it won in 2002 .
With its $ 205 million big budget movie , New Line studios is hoping to repeat the box - office success of its Lord of the Rings series .
And it aims to tap into the young audiences of cinemagoers who flocked to the five Harry Potter films making them big earners for Warner Bros .
But already
The Golden Compass is whipping up similar controversy to that which led to the Harry Potter series , based on the novels by British author J.K.
Rowling , being accused by some on the religious right of promoting witchcraft .
The author 's attack on organised religion has been toned down for the film , in a bid to attract as wide as audience as possible , something director Chris Weitz has acknowledged .
" In the books the Magisterium is a version of the Catholic Church gone wildly astray from its roots , " Weitz wrote in the British Daily Telegraph .
But " if that 's what you want in the film , you 'll be disappointed " , he warned .
However , the sanitised version of Pullman 's book has failed to appease the Catholic League , which has 350,000 members , and which has already been sending out leaflets denouncing the film .
" The Catholic League wants Christians to stay away from this movie precisely because it knows that the film is bait for the books , " said president William Donohue .
" Unsuspecting parents who take their children to see the movie may be impelled to buy the three books as a Christmas present .
And no parent who wants to bring their children up in the faith will want any part of these books , " he added .
The League took on the movie world in 2006 to denounce the blockbuster The Da Vinci Code and its central tenant that Jesus Christ had a child by Mary Magdalene , whose descendants survive today .
However , the US Conference of Catholic Bishops has been more nuanced in its approach , warning in a review of The Golden Compass of its anti-clerical subtext , standard genre occult elements , a character born out of wedlock , a whisky - guzzling bear .
But it adds that " taken purely on its own cinematic terms , [ it ] can be viewed as an exciting adventure story with a traditional struggle between good and evil , and a generalised rejection of authoritarianism " .
The Golden Compass will be released in about 3000 cinemas and only 60 have so far refused to screen it , industry daily Variety said .
" It 's this undisguised anti-religious theme that has numerous groups in a lather , but perhaps more of an issue for some ... will be the film 's lack of exciting uplift and the almost unrelievedly nasty treatment of the young characters by a host of aggressively unpleasant elders , " Variety added .
AFP
I ’ve said it before , I ’ll say it again – Seneca Rocks !
For those of you that do n’t know , Seneca College in Toronto ( Seneca @ York specifically ) has a program where students work with Mozilla technology during the semester .
They learn to build big projects like Firefox and Thunderbird , learn about the underlying frameworks , customize the source code and make their own extensions .
They also get to participate in the project itself – working on documentation , interacting with other project members and even helping other developers get into Mozilla .
Its a great thing to see in action .
Anyway , the students have to pick a project and get that project to a “ 0.3 release ” level .
Its a big part of their grade .
Yeah , the profs are hardcore .
One of the projects is “ Plugin Watcher ” – keep an eye on plugins that might be hogging resources or blocking the browser .
Its a cool concept , but honestly , I did n’t have high hopes .
The plugin code in Mozilla is less than welcoming to newcomers .
Then , finding some way to monitor the plugins is a whole other layer of pain .
But they did it !
Go checkout the write up on the 0.3 release .
Fima ( gluon ) and Brandon ( r3ap3r ) , you guys rock !
Great job .
I had a great time answering your questions .
I ’m glad you did n’t give up .
Now you need to get your backend code into the Mozilla trunk .
Go file a bug and submit a patch !
Check out the enitre set of 0.3 releases from the class on the Seneca blog planet .
Amazing stuff .
Congratulations to everyone .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
A five - year - old girl in Merseyside has been killed by what police describe as a pit bull terrier type of dog .
But what should people do when confronted by what they think is a dangerous dog ?
Ellie Lawrenson died of severe head and neck injuries after being mauled at her grandmother 's house in St Helens .
The exact circumstances of her death are unclear , but it would appear a small girl like her could do little to defend herself against a killer dog .
However experts say if an individual believes a dog could be intent on attacking them , there are ways to help to defuse the situation .
KEY TIPS
No sudden movements
Put hands in pockets Avoid eye contact Back away but do not run away Children can accidentally provoke a dog Never try to break up two fighting dogs " Standing still and put your hands in pockets because they like to get hold of something , " says Madeleine Forsyth , a veterinary surgeon and non-practising barrister based in York .
" A waving arm is an obvious target . "
Avoid eye contact because it is confrontational and it is always unwise to turn your back , says Miss Forsyth , so standing sideways and looking slightly away is advisable .
If a dog does bite , do not pull away because that will tear the flesh , she says , but shout for help .
" Hope there is someone with a breaking stick to introduce between the jaws .
" Anything will do that can be slid between the teeth at the side , but given the strength of the jaw and the leverage , it would have to be a very powerful bit of stick or it will just break . "
No warning Dog attacks are very rare , says Miss Forsyth .
What is called " dominant " aggressive behaviour like barking is normal and does not make a dog likely to attack unless provoked .
More dangerous is " predatory " aggression which is unusual but means the dog can strike without any warning at all .
And if a target like a person has been attacked once , the dog will seek out human targets again .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A feature to the BBC News Magazine - aiming to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
Never run because the dog will always overtake you , says Stephen Lomax , a veterinary surgeon and barrister from Shropshire .
" Move away slowly and do n't make any sudden movements .
And do n't approach the dog .
" But the most important advice is never ever try to separate dogs having a fight because of the risk of accidental and serious injury . "
A spokesman for the RSPCA said it is important to study a dog 's reaction to you .
" If it stiffens up , holds it tail high , snarls and stares at you then be on your guard .
If it shows its teeth it may be safest to go no further , but do n't turn and run - back away slowly . "
And acting in a friendly and confident way will lessen their own fear , he adds .
Below is a selection of your comments .
If you are about to be attacked by a dog , stand very still , face it and point over and away with your right arm and in a commanding and loud voice shout GET HOME .
most command dogs and domestic dogs will turn away and go .
Graham , Nottingham
Water is one of the best remedies , when you see a dog attack , if someone can get a bucket of water , that tends to help !
Mike Richards ,
Thame Oxfordshire Surely the onus should be on the owner to control the dog .
How are we meant to reconcile all these horrible stories of attacks with advice to stand still and look sideways ?
You can't explain that to a child when a dog of equal size is bounding towards them making loud and threatening noises .
My own child was knocked over in to water at Cooden Beach by an out of control Labrador dog .
The owner 's response ?
I should look after my children better !
John Gregory , Windsor
My brother was attacked by pit bull few years ago .
He punched into dogs nose and kicked him few times in a ribs .
Pit bull ran away like a little puppy .
Erik , London
I have always been told that with animals such as bears this is correct do not try and fight back however DO fight back with dogs
They can sense fear and will stand down if they think you will attack them back .... are you sure this is correct or people could end up getting hurt !
Alexis , oxford I was told by an American firearms team that , if attacked by a big dog one should push one 's hand as far down the throat of the dog as possible and lock the other free ( and unbloody ) arm around its neck , thereby stopping it moving away .
The dog will eventually collapse .
When asked the obvious question about its teeth , the American said , ' Whatever it 's doing to your forearm , it ai n't doing it to your groin . '
Derek Smith , Brighton
Much to the owners upset I 'm sure the dogs having chosen to assault me over the years have probably come off worst .
Fortunate in cycling to work in winter I wear heavy coats , gloves and hobnail steel toe cap boots .
Having slowed to a walking pace on a public right of way an Alsatian and large Labrador still decided I was fair game , one dog got the hobnail boot in the mouth hard and the other backed off from the bicycle club about to lamp it one .
The owners response ?
' I 've told you before , they attack cyclists ! '
Like that 's normal ?
Educate the owners , I do n't blame the dogs .
Adrian Barnard , Didcot
This article provides information I had not seen before , and is most helpful .
I am elderly but in good health , and being able to get out and walk regularly and safely is a necessity .
Thank you very much .
Ray McDonald , Vacaville , California , USA
Having been confronted by an Alsatian and seconds later a Doberman I was able to stop the dogs in their tracks with an extremely load shout of GET OUT OF IT .
This must have startled the dogs and I was able to ride off safely , I just hope I do not have to try it again ,
Trevor , Oxfordshire Yes .
Next time I get attacked by a rampant dog , I am going to stand still and put my hands in my pockets .
That sounds plausible .
Fi , London
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Spring is right around the corner !
And with that comes the annual spring cleaning .
Some of us dread this time of year , but others really enjoy it .
That ’s because it is a great time to take stock of what you have and actually still use .
And for the rest of that stuff , it ’s time to get rid of it .
It is the stuff in the latter category that can really help you save , and possibly even make some money this spring .
Repurpose or Refinish
When you first start your spring cleaning process , it ’s best to take stock of everything you have first .
The easiest part is figuring out what you do still like and use , and therefore , want to keep .
Those items are automatically off the table .
It ’s all of the other items that need a new purpose , or a new home .
Because having too much clutter makes us less productive , and sometimes , even reduces our level of overall happiness .
And nobody wants that !
Some of the best items to take a look at first , are the bigger items in your home .
Things such as :
Artwork
Bed Frames
Chairs
Couches
Desks
Entertainment Centers
Lamps
Tables
Take a thorough stock of these to see what you might be able to reuse somewhere else .
Or , if you really just do n’t like the style anymore , or it has become worn , consider repurposing or refinishing it instead .
This is a great way to save some serious money because these types of big ticket items are more expensive to replace with new products .
This is where you get to let your creative juices flow and redesign your space .
If you can move furniture around within a room , or move it to a entirely different room in your house , it may just be more functional .
Which means that you might end up using it more than you were previously .
Or , if you just do n’t like the look of it anymore , then figure out a creative way to change it so that it fits your new style .
This is one of my favorite things to do to help us save money and change the feel of our home .
Sometimes , it even feels like a whole new house by the time I ’m done with it !
And I did n’t have to spend anything , or much at all , to create the awesome change .
Sell
The next category I like to hit are things I want to sell .
These are usually slightly lower ticket items that we just are n’t using anymore .
Or the kids might have completely outgrown them .
Because , let ’s face it , that happens a lot !
Especially when you have multiple children of vastly different ages .
RELATED : 5 Tips For Successfully Selling Used Items From Your Home
The majority of these types of items fall into the following categories :
Backpacks
Board Games
Clothes
Lunchboxes
Purses
Shoes
Smaller Electronics
Sports Equipment
Toys
First things first , though , is to go through everything and see if any of the items might be viable hand - me - downs .
If so , that is what I always try to do before I sell anything .
Because that ends up saving me a lot more money in the long run .
After I ’ve gone through the probable hand - me - down options , then it is time to get busy selling the rest of the stuff .
Some of my favorite places to sell things are :
RELATED : How Children ’s Consignment Sales Can Help Stretch Your Budget
There might be a lot of other great options in your area , so you just have to see what works best for you and what you are selling .
Donate
There have been quite a few times that I have had items up for sale and they just did n’t sell .
Or the consignment stores wanted nothing to do with them because they were n’t styles or sizes they were looking for .
So when that happens , I move on to donations .
Donating your items may not make you as much in tax write - offs as they used to , with the new higher standard deduction .
But , you just never know how the year is going to shape up and it ’s still better than keeping your old stuff lying around the house .
Plus , by donating items you are helping others in need that may not be able to afford the price tag of new items .
So I call donating a win-win , whether it results in a tax write - off for me or not .
Depending upon what types of items you are donating , you might have to take them to different stores .
Some great examples are :
Disabled American Veterans Charity – large and small appliances , clothes , furniture
– large and small appliances , clothes , furniture Goodwill – clothes , shoes , accessories , kitchenware , small furniture , toys , games , baby gear
– clothes , shoes , accessories , kitchenware , small furniture , toys , games , baby gear Habitat ReStore – some furniture , all household building products , large and small appliances
– some furniture , all household building products , large and small appliances Interact – clothes , shoes , accessories , baby gear
– clothes , shoes , accessories , baby gear Cause for Paws – clothing , shoes , accessories , small furniture
– clothing , shoes , accessories , small furniture Rescue Missions – pretty much any and everything
There may be some really fantastic non -profit ’s near you that are n’t listed here , so do a local search of your own area first .
Spring Cleaning for the Win !
Overall , spring is the time to get clean and organized .
And by jumping head first into your spring cleaning , you can really declutter and maybe even save yourself some serious money .
You might even be able to make a little bit of money on your old stuff too !
Just remember to first go through your larger ticket items to see what you can reuse , repurpose or refinish .
Then move on to the smaller items to see what you might be able to sell .
Once you ’ve finished going through those items , it ’s time to see what can be donated .
And after all of that is said and done , you should have a much cleaner space and possibly fatter wallet .
What are some of the best ways you have found to save , or maybe even make , money by spring cleaning ?
Working the shaft is exactly what you 're going to be doing with The Shaft joystick as you enjoy Virtual Console games like Street Fighter 2 or Raiden 2 — two arcade games that we 're not even sure are on VC yet .
In either case , you get a peanut - shaped controller in either albino , flesh or coal miner for a price of $ 39.95 .
Yes , one shaft is just $ 39.95 .
You can even get two shafts for a special shaft - introductory price of $ 69 .
[ Wii Shaft ]
Advertisement
I think that it should say “ evacuating ” …
Subtitling / Closed Captioning obviously is n’t an exact science , but it should be a bit more of a science than this .
This photo of a television screen was taken on channel KABC - TV in Los Angeles .
A reporter was explaining to viewers the importance of evacuating their homes .
Unfortunately , the deaf and hearing impaired locked their doors and closed their curtains due the horrific crime they thought was taking place outside .
Prince , described by some people as one of the most creative and talented musicians , hired the infamous " Web Sheriff " who announced lawsuits against The Pirate Bay in the U.S. , France and Sweden .
" Way to go on losing all your fans " was the first response of Pirate Bay admin Brokep .
In September we already reported that Prince hired the Web - Sheriff in an attempt to bring down the Pirate Bay .
Web Sheriff now gave out some more details on the upcoming legal battles .
The Sheriff is convinced that he has a strong case and told CNET News : “ There is no way that they will have any defense because it ’s blatant piracy .
They ’ll either have to come out and fight or just try and ignore it .
In that case , we ’re going to win a default judgment against them .
This could be a ticking time bomb for them .
They ca n’t outrun this .
We are very confident . ”
Pirate Bay admin Brokep was not impressed by Web Sheriff ’s expressed confidence , and told us earlier : “ He ’s welcome to try and sue us in Sweden , there ’s no basis .
And it ’s so funny that he ’s teaming up with the joke of the anti piracy world – Web Sheriff . ”
In addition to suing The Pirate Bay , Web Sheriff also told CNET News that he will go after the companies that advertise on the popular BitTorrent tracker and that he will be involved an investigation into The Pirate Bay ’s money streams .
This is not the first time the Web Sheriff , also known as John Giacobbi , clashes with The Pirate Bay .
Some hilarious email correspondence is still available on The Pirate Bay ’s legal threat page .
Mary Jo Knelly and David Huggins - Daines have their wedding next Saturday , September 29th .
They requested a marriage license last month .
Specifically , they wanted to be married without an officiant ( i.e. a priest ) .
Their request was denied by Timothy W. Finnerty , the Allegheny County ( Pennsylvania ) Register of Wills Solicitor .
… According to Pennsylvania law , Finnerty wrote , “ There is no provision for the individuals to officiate at their own marriage . ” …
Finnerty told the couple that only those of the Quaker and Bah’ai faiths may perform their own weddings ,
The couple is suing the Allegheny County Register of Wills .
One of their lawyers , Sara J. Rose of the American Civil Liberties Union of Pennsylvania , said this :
“ Allowing those two faiths but not any others is a very clear - cut example of preferential treatment , ” Rose said .
“ The First Amendment says Congress shall not pass any law respecting one religion over another or that endorses one over another . ”
The couple just wants equal treatment :
“ I have a deep appreciation for many of the Quaker traditions , particularly their marriage ceremony , and Mary Jo shares this conviction , ” Huggins - Daines said in a statement provided by the couple ’s lawyers .
“ Therefore , given a choice , this is how we wish to solemnize our marriage . ” …
Rose said the couple ’s complaint was the third in two months the ACLU received in which the Register of Wills denied a request to self - officiate a wedding .
“ They invited 100 people to witness their exchange of vows , ” said Roslyn M. Litman , another lawyer for the couple .
“ The Register of Wills ’ position is clearly discriminatory . ”
If you are registered with the US Court ’s PACER system , you can see the lawsuit here .
The wedding looks to be proceeding as scheduled , but it wo n’t be official anytime soon :
A federal judge did not immediately schedule a hearing on the ACLU ’s request for an injunction ordering the county to issue the self - uniting license in time for their Sept. 29 wedding .
The ACLU also wants the judge to strike down the county ’s current policy and seeks other unspecified damages .
Incidentally , there are Humanist Celebrants across the country who can officiate non-religious weddings .
That ’s not what this couple wanted , but it ’s a good resource to have .
( Thanks to Colin for the link ! )
[ tags ] atheist , atheism , Humanist Celebrant [ / tags ]
IN THE internet age , the threats of a man sitting at his computer can spread strife across the globe in moments .
That 's what happened when Frankston man Jarrad Willis , 20 , allegedly posted a hoax blog on the internet warning of a shooting rampage at the Grove shopping centre in Beverly Hills .
He claimed the shooting would happen on December 6 and for good measure posted a photograph of a man holding a shotgun .
Los Angeles police , fearing a copycat massacre just two days after a shopping centre shooting in Omaha , Nebraska , killed eight people , alerted the Grove centre and started a global manhunt .
The police operation cost about $ 100,000 .
But shoppers were never in danger .
Los Angeles police deputy chief of counter - terrorism and criminal intelligence Michael Downing said it was " a sick joke for sure that is criminal in intent and we hope that he gets punished for his actions " .
Voters can judge a politician 's competence in the blink of an eye — or so they think they can , a new study suggests .
Previous research hints that voters go for the most competent candidates , but the new analysis reveals people can forge steadfast opinions simply by glancing at a candidate 's picture .
The study highlights some of the shallow behaviors of a sizeable chunk of the voting population , said co-author Alexander Todorov , a psychologist at Princeton University .
" People are looking for the right information about a candidate , they 're just looking in the wrong place , " Todorov said .
" We 're seeing that snap judgments play a bigger role in voting than we thought . "
The study 's findings are detailed in the Oct. 22 issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Reflecting on the past
Todorov and his colleague Charles C. Ballew II based their study on gubernatorial election results .
" States are significant political and economic entities , with some being larger and economically more powerful than many foreign countries , " they wrote in the study .
To find the extent to which a candidate 's face predicted a winner , researchers exposed subjects to a pair of faces — one recently elected governor and the runner - up — for one - fourth of a second or less .
They were then asked to pick the most competent candidate of the two people shown .
If someone recognized a candidate , their results were excluded from the study .
" People had no trouble telling us who they thought was more competent by rapidly viewing the faces , " Todorov told LiveScience .
Subjects picked the elected governor over the runner - up as the most competent one about 64 percent of the time , a result that significantly exceeded random chance of 50 percent .
When the two candidates shown were of the same ethnicity and sex , the results were even more predictive of a winner .
" Recognition did n't guide subjects ' decisions , " he said .
" When we ask ourselves , ' who should I vote for ? '
I think this shows we sometimes resort to our first impressions . "
Shallow demographics ?
When the researchers compared the subjects ' choices to votes cast in real two - party gubernatorial elections , Todorov said shallow judgments of competence explained about 9 percent of the voting choices .
He said a candidate 's incumbency , by comparison , typically explains about 20 to 30 percent of gubernatorial votes .
" Nine percent is fairly large , and we 've seen even 1 percent can be the key to an election , " Todorov said .
" Other countries show candidates ' faces on ballots , and those have been shown to greatly affect voters ' choices . "
Thinking forward to the upcoming U.S. presidential elections , Todorov said the " shallow voter " effect might play a role in how people cast their votes .
But whether or not that turns out to be true , he said it 's more responsible for people to rise above their " gut instincts " and base voting decisions on candidate qualities other than appearance .
" They should vote based on candidate 's policy positions , track record and so forth , not their appearance .
That 's not a wise way to elect officials , " Todorov said .
" Even voting by party is better , but this is an interesting problem we can't just make disappear .
There 's no easy solution . "
During the Spring 2007 semester , several friends ( and labmates ) took a course at Georgia Tech on mobile manipulation .
This was no ordinary class ... the final exam 's assignment was to use a Segway base with KUKA arm to fetch a cup of coffee !
There are a ton of reasons that this is interesting , from mobility , navigation , perception , manipulation , etc .
However , the most impressive thing is that each group used different software to complete the task .
One team used MS Robotics Studio , another used Player / Stage on Linux , and another used a functional language called OCaml on Mac .
This is what Dr. Henrik Christensen ( a co-professor of the class along with Dr. Charlie Kemp ) had to say about the course :
The exam / demonstration for 4632B on mobile manipulation took place today .
One group did 3 complete cycles of coffee delivery , the two other groups did partial cycles .
The system is composed of a Segway RMP200 with a KUKA KR - 5 sixx arm mounted on top .
The strategies demonstrated included - particle based object localization , MC localization , visual servoing ( image and 3D based ) .
A poster describing the course results was presented at SPIE 2008 by Alex Trevor and can be found here .
For those who might question the functionality of the robot , here are videos from two of the teams .
ISTANBUL , Turkey ( CNN ) --
Turkey 's military on Tuesday claimed to have inflicted heavy casualties on Kurdish rebels in weekend airstrikes on northern Iraq but denied Iraqi reports that its troops had mounted a cross - border raid earlier in the day .
Its forces were " a few kilometers " inside Turkey , the military said .
The statement countered that of a spokesman for Iraq 's Kurdistan regional government , who said that a Turkish force of about 300 entered Iraqi territory in pursuit of fighters from the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK .
The Turks advanced about two to three kilometers ( 1 to 2 miles ) into Iraqi territory before withdrawing , the spokesman , Jamal Abdullah , told CNN .
Turkey did acknowledge airstrikes and rocket attacks over the weekend , saying that those launched on Sunday inflicted " heavy losses on their infrastructure and personnel " without causing civilian casualties .
" It is not possible to explain the PKK losses in numbers , " a military statement said , adding that an evaluation of the operation was ongoing .
" Many PKK hiding positions were hit during the operation . "
The PKK has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for Kurds in southeastern Turkey , with some of its attacks staged from locations in northern Iraq .
The United States and European Union consider the group a terrorist organization .
Iraq 's U.S. - backed government condemned the raids , saying they " add insult to injury . "
The president of Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government , Massoud Barzani , boycotted a scheduled meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in Baghdad to protest U.S. support for the Turkish attacks , according to his chief of staff .
Barzani " did not want to attend while Turkish airplanes were bombing northern Iraq with U.S. support , " said Fouad Hussein .
Watch what 's known about the incursions »
The United States has been sharing intelligence with Turkey on the PKK , which U.S. National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe called " the common enemy of the United States , Turkey and Iraq . "
And Turkish President Abdullah Gul said Tuesday that his country 's armed forces are acting with " international cooperation . "
" It is a very crucial operation , and the whole world has seen that we do not have any ill intentions , " he said during an appearance in the southern Turkish city of Konya .
Officials in Washington , Baghdad and Iraq 's largely autonomous Kurdish territories have been trying to talk Ankara out of an all - out offensive by the PKK .
But Gul said Turkey " would like to help Iraq to get out of the terrorism troubles , because they are unable to do it . "
On Sunday Turkish commanders unleashed warplanes and long - range missiles on what they said were PKK positions in the Qandil Mountains .
The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees reported that shelling continued into Monday , driving more than 1,800 people from their homes , as winter weather envelops the mountainous region .
Iraqi officials have issued a protest to Turkey over the attacks , citing the death of a woman and the wounding of four civilians , Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said .
And Rice , who was making an unannounced visit to Iraq , cautioned Ankara to avoid inflicting civilian casualties or destabilizing the region .
The U.N. refugee agency expressed concern over those displaced by the bombardment , citing witness accounts that 10 villages had been affected in Sulaimaniya and Irbil provinces , and that bridges , a local school and livestock were destroyed .
The Turkish military said the airstrikes were " planned very sensitively and executed carefully , " attributing reports of civilian casualties to " panic . "
" These stories are not factual .
If villages had been attacked , hundreds of residents would have lost their lives , " the statement said .
" The goal of such accusations are geared towards serving the PKK terror organization . "
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Talia Kayali contributed to this report
There have been updates and clarifications regarding this material .
Please visit
http://www.execonn.com/sf/ for that info !
-----
Our thanks to Marshall Dudley of Knoxville , TN for sharing his granddaughter , Arielle Reynolds ' , experiment with us .
Both Arielle 's mother , Christina , and Grandpa have much to be proud of .
Congratulations , Arielle , well done !
Below is a sience fair project that my granddaughter did for 2006 .
In it she took filered water and divided it into two parts .
The first part she heated to boiling in a pan on the stove , and the second part she heated to boiling in a microwave .
Then after cooling she used the water to water two identical plants to see if there would be any difference in the growth between the normal boiled water and the water boiled in a microwave .
She was thinking that the structure or energy of the water may be compromised by microwave .
As it turned out , even she was amazed at the difference .
The porn industry is sick of people pirating its content , and some players in the industry have finally decided to take an official stand against it .
A group of 65 producers , attorneys , and other industry members held a piracy conference last week , billed as one of the first major roundtables for the industry to get together and address what has become a big problem for porn sales .
The porn industry has quietly coexisted with P2P services for many years , something that attorney Greg Piccionelli says has resulted in a very difficult environment for producers today .
" The lack of enforcement over the years has left the pirates and consumers with the impression that copying and stealing adult content is something that has absolutely no punitive consequence associated with it whatsoever , and so the industry has really sort of dug its own grave to this degree , " he said to the panel , according to the AVN Media Network .
With sales tanking quickly over the past several years in favor of free alternatives , the industry is now trying to figure out ways to stay afloat .
Piccionelli estimates that no more than 15 or 20 percent of the porn in the wild is legitimate — for an estimated $ 50 billion industry , that could mean a lot in lost sales , although it is highly debatable whether many of those downloading XXX features on their P2P network of choice would have purchased those titles instead .
Attendees at the conference were split over how exactly to compete against pirates , however .
Some wanted to focus on stopping piracy — a noble goal indeed — and one company even set up a web site for producers to post screenshots of pirated content for potential future use in lawsuits .
" It 's for any kind of stolen content , " Shane 's World VP Megan Stokes said .
" [ W ] ith the time - stamp and the screenshot , it 's something that we can start using as evidence in court cases . "
Others hoped to learn new ways to adapt to digital distribution .
" One of the ways of dealing with it is [...] an iTunes kind of situation where you have scene sales at a low enough price that appropriately deters people from stealing it , " said Piccionelli .
He also said that the industry could start to pair pirateable material — the movies — with nonpirateable material , such as t- shirts and other items to make legit sales more attractive .
One thing that he does n't want to focus on , however , is DRM , noting something that Hollywood still has yet to acknowledge : " I worry about [ the producers ] coming up with DRM or technological solutions , because they 're not going to work . "
The panel appointed a small group of producers to continue talks on the topic and attempt to get more studios involved in the industry movement against piracy .
" If we all do it together , we 'll be able to make a lot bigger impact , " Stokes told AVN .
Oliver August , a freelance investigative journalist living in China , describes the incompetence and bungling of the bureaucrats who run China 's storied — and expensive — Great Firewall of China .
In the fight between Chinese people and the Firewall , the people are winning .
There 's even a group of active entrepreneurs who'll give you Firewall - busting lessons .
From these students I learned that censorship is not only easy to subvert , but sometimes it subverts itself .
Each week , for example , Beijing 's propaganda department updates a list of banned stories .
Available to senior journalists at government - controlled news outlets , the list includes scandals , protests , and sackings across the country .
Newspapers are not allowed to report on them , but some journalists post the lists online , telling you all you need to know .
The system is self - defeating in other ways as well : Twelve national government bodies share responsibility for the Internet , and all of them have separate political and commercial interests .
In some cases , departmental budgets are financed through revenue from online businesses , so it 's often in their interests to loosen restrictions .
Furthermore , the Great Firewall is besieged by bureaucratic infighting and incompetence that results in exceptions and loopholes .
One day , I received an official summons from the Public Security Bureau , asking me to present myself at the national headquarters .
When I turned up , I saw hundreds of bikes covered in dust , as if their riders had gone into the building and never come out .
I was met by two uniformed officers who led me to a windowless room .
They came straight to the point :
Had I been in touch with Wang Dan , an exiled dissident living in Boston ?
Yes , I said .
I had exchanged emails with him – but had not yet published a story ( so how did they know ? ) .
Was I aware , they continued , of the rule requiring foreign journalists to ask for official permission to interview Chinese citizens ?
" Yes , " I said .
Then the conversation took an unexpected turn .
" There is a problem , " I told the officers .
" Wang Dan has become an American citizen . "
The officers were silent .
" In the future , " I said , " which government department should I ask for permission to email and interview him ? "
Confused and sheepish , they let me leave , and I found myself back by the dusty bikes .
So these were the bureaucrats guarding the mighty Great Firewall ?
Even police departments working in the same building were not talking to each other .
Otherwise they would have known that Wang Dan was in fact still carrying a Chinese passport , as I later found out .
The winner of a $ 1 million lottery scratch ticket may not be so lucky after all .
That 's because he's also a convicted bank robber who is n't supposed to be gambling .
Boston probation commissioner 's office has scheduled a court hearing for December 7 to determine whether Timothy Elliott , 55 , violated his probation when he bought the $ 10 ticket for the " $ 800 Million Spectacular " game at a Hyannis supermarket , department spokeswoman Coria Holland said .
Elliott already has collected the first of 20 annual $ 50,000 checks from Massachusetts ' lottery commission .
A picture of Elliott , holding his first check , was even posted on the lottery 's Web site Monday , though it was removed by Wednesday .
This will soon be the new home of the UbuntuKids blog
Michael Vick , the former starting quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons kills about 20 pit bull dogs and loses nearly $ 180 million dollars ; George W. Bush and Richard Cheney kill about 250,000 Iraqis and about 4500 Americans and they get to remain president and vice president .
The companies that have so liberally been given very lucrative contracts by this administration continue to profit widely from the re-building of Iraq .
Vick is going to jail for 23 months .
What is wrong with this picture ?
Are you telling that 20 dogs are worth more than the thousands killed and maimed for life in this war of personal choosing and aggression that violates our constitution in every way imaginable ?
One man pulls himself by his bootstraps from a much challenged child hood and life of poverty to the position of star quarterback for the Falcons by hard work and determination .
The other two men came to power through the efforts their fathers made and not by anything they did on their own .
Neither one of the latter two men would even serve this country honorably in the United States Military yet they feel they can exploit the people who do serve to their own advantage .
Can anyone explain this to me in a way that can possibly make any sense ?
I want to know what the hell is happening in America if we are going to continue to let this happen .
What are our morals if it is more important to our society to protect animals before human life ?
Do n’t get me wrong , I understand that Vick should be punished some way for what he did and he is facing it .
But what I ca n’t get my head around if the fact that the perpetrators of this war of choice and aggression are walking around free .
While the congress seems as if they cannot find their fourth point of contact with both hands and a flashlight , this administration waltzes free .
Everyone keeps telling me that justice will come if we wait for it but I say no justice ever came to those who did not actively pursue it .
I want to know what the hell it will take to get us to wake up as to what it happening here in this country ?
How much more injustice will we be willing to take from the people who say they know what ’s best for us before we decide to act in self defense ?
Are we lemmings waiting to be shown the way to our deaths mindlessly and not move to take ourselves out of danger ?
America , please stand up for your descendants if not for yourselves , before it is too late .
_______
About author Sgt. Kevin Benderman is a ten year Army veteran who served a combat tour in Iraq at the time of the initial invasion .
He returned to file a conscientious objector application as his legal show of refusal to further participate in a military action he knew to be wrong .
He served over a year in prison for his actions .
Please visit Sgt. Kevin Benderman is a ten year Army veteran who served a combat tour in Iraq at the time of the initial invasion .
He returned to file a conscientious objector application as his legal show of refusal to further participate in a military action he knew to be wrong .
He served over a year in prison for his actions .
Please visit www.BendermanDefense.org to learn more .
You may write to Kevin at info@BendermansBridge.org
The TODAY Show does it part to help make Coulter into some sort of " voice of reason " for Conservatives once again .
They had her open up the show yesterday to be a really serious person and analyze why Christian Conservatives should or would vote for Rudy Giuliani .
Download Download
Coulter : .... and also he seems sort of crazy enough that he'd nuke Iran and that warms our hearts and at this point its been years since an ex-wife has appeared on Vagina Monologues
Vieira just giggles at the monologue joke and forgets that Coultergeist wants to Nuke a country .
I know Meredith is n't that familiar with the interview role she plays yet , but why did n't she yell : " Nuke Iran , are you kidding me !
What about all the innocent people that would die ? "
I guess there 's something that warms Annie 's heart after all .
Coulter does her best to say and use the words of ...umm.... Jerry Falwell to defend a vote from the Dobson faction for him .
All their priorities do n't matter as long as he attacks Iran ... Good Lord ...
Why has n't the TODAY show invited on the NY Times best selling author --- Glenn Greenwald as an analyst ?
( And this despicable post about Glenn would be approved material for Coulter . )
Maybe even Rachel Maddow might get a shot ?
I hardly ever see any Progressive voices on .
Can we get a little balance , Mr. Oppenhiem ?
( see my post on this Weekly Standard columnist )
Email Noah.Oppenheim@nbcuni.com and Phil.Griffin@nbcuni.com
Ghost Writer Leslie McFarlane
" The car is pretty well known around Bayport , " said Chet .
" It was certainly a gay - looking speed - wagon . "
Original caption : " We 'll tie them up until we figure out what to do with them . "
" Nobody knows .
But there 's been queer lights seen down around them caves .
And shootin ' .
Guns goin ' off .
Mighty queer doin's , they say ... "
Chet whistled softly .
" This sounds good !
We may stay longer than we had intended ... "
" I wish I were a boy , " sighed Callie Shaw .
Iola Morton looked up from her ice - cream soda .
" Me , too . "
" The one thing we 're afraid of is a quiet outing .
Excitement , " he added slangily , " is our meat . "
" Ye 'll get lots of it if ye go pokin ' around them caves , " the old gentleman predicted .
" What a queer duck he is ! " exclaimed Biff .
" I 'll say he is ! " ejaculated Chet Morton .
[ W] ith the aid of the rope , and with Joe and his chums pulling lustily , Frank was soon hauled to the top ...
They were just approaching the cliff that hid the cave from view when Frank halted and peered through the fog at the base of the rocks some distance ahead .
" Do you see somebody lying there , Joe ...?
Seems like a man sprawled on the sand .... "
The boys hastened across the rocks in the direction of the figure on the shore ...
They came up to the man sprawled on the sand .
He was not dead .
An empty bottle lying by his side told the reason for his slumber .
" He 's drunk ! "
He was quite senseless from the effects of the liquor he had drunk ...
" This is luck ! " exclaimed Frank .
" What shall we do with him ?
asked Joe .
Frank groped in his pocket and produced a length of stout cord .
" We 'll tie him up first ! "
" What if he puts up a fight ? "
" He 's too drunk . "
" Hey !
What 's this ? " roared the car thief indignantly .
He had just discovered that his wrists were bound .
" Just a little joke , " said Frank .
Water was streaming down the man 's face .
He was thoroughly aroused by now .
But hethe Hardy Boys .
Did their original author hide secret jokes inside the famous children 's detective books ?
" In his diaries , my father talks about having to write another of those cursed books , " the author 's son told one interviewer , " in order to earn another $ 100 to buy coal for the furnace . "
( " It was very good money during the Depression , " Leslie McFarlane recalled in a radio interview forty years later .
Both interviews are linked from the author 's entry on Wikipedia . )
But over 100 million books have since been published with the boy detectives he brought to life .
" A royalty of even a quarter of one percent would 've been all right , " he added wistfully ...
In 1926 , a 24 - year - old McFarlane accepted a short - term contract position which led to his writing the first sixteen Hardy Boys titles under the pseudonym Franklin W. Dixon .
" I never did learn what the ' W ' represented , " he groused in a commemorative introduction later .
" Certainly not Wealthy .
" It 's the mystery of the disgruntled ghost writer , as I discovered when reading the original 1929 version of The Secret of the Caves and found myself wondering :
Are there dirty jokes hidden between the lines ?
He'd " inject his wonderful sense of humor , " McFarlane 's daughter once remembered , to make the writing project " palatable . "
" And then he'd finish and say , ' I will never write another juvenile book . '
But then the bills would pile up and he'd start another ...
" It 's been 80 years since the Hardy Boys mysteries first appeared , and the change in our language is hard to miss when the two brothers first begin investigating a ring of car - stealing smugglers , and their best friend describes his stolen vehicle .
Wikipedia argues the word gay " implied a willingness to disregard conventional or respectable sexual mores ... as early as the 1920s .
" In his 1928 book The Shore Road Mystery , McFarlane had accidentally chosen words whose meanings were changing , I thought .
But the same accident recurred just a few pages later , when the boy 's aunt Gertrude argued they should n't post bail for farmer Dodd 's son .
" You can't rely on men who do n't have a woman around the house to keep them straight .
"
Interestingly , McFarlane 's publishing syndicate had given him strict instructions on how to portray the boys ' romantic lives , he revealed in the commemorative introduction .
" It was intimated that relations between the Hardy Boys and their girl friends would not go beyond the borders of wholesome friendship and discreet mutual esteem .
" Was the book 's author wryly hiding double entendres as a backhanded slap at his employer and their straitjacketing guidelines ?
Or do readers in the 21st century just have dirty minds ... I 've agonized over this question , but if it 's true , then McFarlane 's magnum opus was a 1929 masterpiece of dirty double meanings called — what else —
The Secret of the Caves .
Within a few chapters , an elderly male shopkeeper is warning the Hardy Boys and their two male friends to stay away from the mysterious beach because " There 's some queer things been goin ' on down there lately . "
And what exactly does that mean , asks the Hardy Boys ' friend — Biff .
Wikipedia says the word " queer " already had sexual overtones by the late 1800s .
McFarlane 's book even detours to report that the females in the book were feeling left out .
" It 's tough luck that you 're not , " agrees Joe Hardy in chapter six , but unfortunately , exploring strange caves is a men-only job .
McFarlane opens chapter eight by telling us that " The Hardy boys and their chums spent the night at a hotel in a small village ...
" The four teenagers are on summer vacation , so there 's time for some sleuthing .
When they buy camping supplies , the old shopkeeper re-iterated again that it's a dangerous cave full of queer doin's , and Frank " smiled at this thrust .
" But his younger brother Joe was even more enthusiastic .
Maybe that was the book 's rejected first title — Excitement is Our Meat .
In any case , by chapter 15 , the four friends have started exploring the caves .
There 's a lot of darkness and candles , but apparently the four lads are n't alone .
Within a few pages , the chums are approached by a strange looking old man .
Sothe secret of the caves ... I would n't have said anything , except for an earlier scene where Frank Hardy regains consciousness in one of the cave 's pits — and the narrator uses a tell - tale adverb .
It 's a strange book .
The Hardy Boys ' cave does prove to be filled with pits , but for the most part McFarlane 's story records the mystery of the missing mystery .
Until chapter 17 , which veers suddenly into startlingly unwholesome territory .
So " The Secret of the Caves " is — they have a liquor license ?
Uh-oh ... Say , what kind of beach is this , anyways ?
The Hardy Boys had apparently identified their sexy smuggler as an escaped criminal who 's wanted by the police — and their stars are lining up .
They throw hat - fuls of water into in his face to revive him — but when he wakes up , they keep throwing more water at him .
" I 'll say he is ! " ejaculated Chet Morton .
The Hardy Boys prevailed , and eventually turned their captured smuggler over to the police .
I do n't know if they then lit a cigarette — but I decided I did n't need to read any further .
I 'd already guessed the secret of the caves .
But one tantalizing mystery about the Hardy Boys remained .
How could such a wildly popular detective series be created by a man who was so ambivalent about them ?
And could he really write a total of 21 Hardy Boys books without leaving behind a hint of his true feelings ?
As the years ticked on , Leslie McFarlane dreamed of writing a great epic novel about the Canadian north .
But instead , he lived just long enough to see the Hardy Boys turned into a cheery Saturday morning cartoon with their own faux - 60s rock band .
McFarlane 's creations continued marching through the decades , with the books ' texts suffering major revisions to keep up with a changing world .
Ben Stiller and Tom Cruise are even reported to be collaborating on a new movie based on the characters called The Hardy Men.
Shortly before his death , a radio interviewer surprised Leslie McFarlane , then in his 70s , with a quiz about his original ending for The Shore Road Mystery .
In the book , the Hardy Boys had investigated the baffling disapperances of cars along the old shore road .
So who committed the crime ?
" I have n't the foggiest idea , " the author answered .
" And I do n't really care .
" But last year in an interview with the newspaper of McMaster University , McFarlane 's daughter shared a haunting memory .
At the end of his life , he 'd delivered one last sad and final irony .
"
You know , I think people are only going to remember me for those damn books . "
Revealed : Ford questioned Bush wiretaps , signing statements , Cheney prior to his death RAW STORY
Published : Monday November 5 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Asked about Bush 's NSA wiretapping program , Ford said , ' Where does he get his advice ? '
Former President Gerald Ford sympathized with those who wanted Vice President Dick Cheney dumped as President George W. Bush 's running mate in 2004 , a new book claims .
" Write It When I 'm Gone : Remarkable Off - the - Record Conversations with Gerald R. Ford , " a series of interviews with Ford by veteran New York Daily News reporter Thomas DeFrank , was transcribed in the years before Ford 's death in December at age 93 .
The conversations were to stay off - the - record until Ford 's death .
" Dick has not been the asset I expected on the ticket , " Ford told DeFrank in March 2004 .
" As you know , he 's a great friend of mine , he did a great job for me , but he has not clicked , if that 's the right word .
God knows he works at it . "
Ford had a generally positive impression of Bush , the book says , though he said Bush 's decision to bring his father and mother into his bid for the 2000 nomination was a mistake .
" He does n't look tough enough , " Ford said , " and I must say bringing in his dad and mother was a tactical error . "
" In subsequent conversations after Bush took office , Ford expressed alarm at how the president turned budget surpluses into record deficits , and he criticized the rationale given for the Iraq war , saying the White House should have focused on Saddam Hussein 's brutal behavior , not on weapons of mass destruction that would never be found , " the Washington Post 's Peter Baker wrote about the revelations in Monday 's edition .
" He also seemed troubled by signing statements attached to bills in which Bush suggested he might not enforce laws he thought intruded on his executive authority .
And Ford questioned the need for warrantless surveillance . "
" I would never do it , " he said after the New York Times ' James Risen and Eric Lichtblau revealed the program in 2005 .
" It surprises me they worry that they think they have to do it .
I was dumbfounded when I heard they were .
I did n't think it was necessary .
Where does he get his advice ? "
From Cheney and his circle , DeFrank replied .
" Explain to me who this fella Libby is , " Ford added , referring to Cheney 's then - chief of staff who was later convicted of perjury in the CIA leak case and then pardoned .
" I never heard of him , and I thought I knew Dick Cheney . "
Democratic presidential candidates Senator Hillary Clinton ( D - NY ) ( L ) and Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) take part in a political debate at Drexel University in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , October 30 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrat Barack Obama accused rival Hillary Clinton on Friday of hiding behind her gender after her campaign complained six male candidates engaged in “ the politics of pile on ” at a debate .
Obama , the only black candidate in the U.S. presidential race , told NBC ’s “ Today ” show that Clinton is widely viewed as a tough figure in national politics .
“ So it does n’t make sense for her , after having run that way for eight months , the first time that people start challenging her point of view , that suddenly she backs off and says : ‘ Do n’t pick on me , ’ ” he said .
“ That is not , obviously , how we would expect her to operate if she were president , ” he said .
Clinton , the front - runner to be her party ’s candidate in the November 2008 election , had a rocky performance at a debate on Tuesday in Philadelphia and her rivals pounced on what they called evasive answers .
In response , the Clinton campaign had put together a Web video after the debate entitled “ The Politics of Pile On ” that showed her male rivals singling her out .
On Thursday , New York Sen.
Clinton told students at her alma mater , Wellesley College , outside Boston , that , “ In so many ways , this all - women ’s college prepared me to compete in the all - boys club of presidential politics . ”
But her rivals did not back off .
Former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards , who was active in outlining his differences with her at the debate , released a Web video called “ the Politics of Parsing , ” accusing Clinton of “ double - talk ” on issues such as Iraq , Social Security and illegal immigration .
“ We still do n’t know the answer .
That ’s the politics of parsing , ” the video said .
Entrare in un’opera d’arte fino a esplorarne i particolari quasi invisibili a occhio nudo .
È questa la sfida del gigapixel : immagini in altissima definizione che non perdono mai l’elevata qualità , neppure ingrandite ben oltre le possibilità dell ’occhio umano .
Il gigapixel permette di esplorare l’arte in modo nuovo e conoscere le opere fin nelle pennellate più sottili .
Le avanzate tecnologie di acquisizione consentono di replicare le esatte cromie delle opere e di analizzarne ogni dettaglio secondo modalità mai sperimentate prima .
L’ image bank di Haltadefinizione è quindi una risorsa creativa non solo per i professionisti di editoria , pubblicità , media e marketing , ma anche per tutti gli operatori del vastissimo mondo legato alla cultura .
Immagini uniche per mostre , libri , riviste , siti web , giornali , televisione e cinema , per un nuovo approccio all 'arte e alla sua valorizzazione .
Nel corso della sua attività , Haltadefinizione ha costituito un vasto ed esclusivo archivio di immagini d'arte in altissima definizione , prima società al mondo a pubblicare , nel 2006 , una foto da 8,6 gigapixel di un’opera d’arte ( la Parete Gaudenziana di Varallo ) , superata già l’anno successivo da una ripresa da 16,1 gigapixel del Cenacolo di Leonardo , rimasta per anni l’immagine digitale più grande del mondo mai realizzata .
L’altissimo livello di professionalità che da sempre contraddistingue l’attività di Haltadefinizione ha portato allo sviluppo di rapporti e collaborazioni consolidate con importanti enti e realtà museali come il Cenacolo Vinciano , l’Accademia di Brera , la Cappella degli Scrovegni o le Gallerie degli Uffizi .
The Sistema Cultura Foundation and the Municipality of Barumini ( SU ) inaugurate the exhibition RAFFAELLO PRINCEPS , RAPHAEL , PRINCE AMONG PAINTERS , Images and Imagination of Raffaello Sanzio , to celebrate the 500th anniversary of the death of Raphael Sanzio of Urbino .
Six new masterpieces from the Uffizi Gallery and the Palatine Gallery of Palazzo Pitti have been added to the ultra - high definition Gigapixel digital collection .
Haltadefinizione is lending its support to the exhibition entitled “ Archivi del futuro ” - or Archives of the Future - part of the Festival Filosofia .
Explore our image bank and its masterpieces in gigapixel format .
Capture even the slightest details to use in your exclusive publications .
Ultra high definition images can take us where the human eye has never gone before .
They become essential for large format art books made for students and art lovers .
Masterpieces just a click away !
See the advantages of ultra high definition images come together with the best fine art printing technology .
Eureka !
Even the most inaccessible works are now within reach .
Get inside the works , instead of merely observing them .
A full immersion experience with art .
Come face to face with the great works .
Our printed reproductions are made at full size , or 1:1 scale .
With ultra high definition scanning in gigapixel format , color reproduction is true and every minute detail is visible just as on the original object .
Customized art for any kind of interior space .
Use these powerful gigapixel images at your event to make it unique .
Personality , color , dynamism ; artistic details that enhance any commercial space .
Unleash your creativity with gigapixel images .
We have more than 500 masterpieces of Italian art in HD digital format .
Extraordinary images deserve an extraordinary way to explore them .
Digitalization is good for works of art .
See all the detail you want , without any loss of image quality .
Haltadefinizione ’s images conserve the essence of artworks in digital format .
Free access to gigapixel images of art
Art history researchers can rely on us to provide support of the highest quality .
Nothing moves us more than great art .
We are here to assist you with licensing for the use of these works .
To fully understand a work of art you must become familiar with even its smallest details .
Tutte le collezioni presenti in archivio .
Artworks in gigapixel format .
Unbounded creativity .
Digitalizzazione per le opere di piccolo formato .
Nessuna opera è troppo grande .
La soluzione perfetta per i libri più antichi .
La luce giusta per ricostruire la forma .
ED #71 : NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GTS 512MB ( G92 ) Benchmark Results
Everyone 's eagerly awaiting the official launch of the G92 - based NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GTS 512MB .
Although we had been informed that it would be using an improved G80 GPU , the new GeForce 8800 GTS 512MB actually uses the G92 GPU , the same GPU used by the GeForce 8800 GT .
In a way , our source was correct although he / she may have been disingenuous about it .
After all , the G92 is really an improved version of the G80 GPU .
In any case , we have managed to obtain a retail NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GTS 512MB graphics card .
In fact , we are putting it to the test right now !
A full - fledged comparison will take quite some time to complete , so in the meantime , here 's a quick comparison between the new GeForce 8800 GTS 512MB and the GeForce 8800 GTX as well as the new GeForce 8800 GT in four DirectX 9 and DirectX 10 games .
First , let 's compare its specifications with other NVIDIA graphics cards .
GeForce
8800 GTX GeForce
8800 GTS
512MB GeForce
8800 GTS
640MB/320 MB GeForce
8800 GT Architecture G80 G92 G80 G92 Manufacturing Process 90 nm 65 nm 90 nm 65 nm Transistor Count 681 Million 754 Million 681 Million 754 Million DirectX Support 10 10 10 10 Interface PCI Express PCI Express 2.0 PCI Express PCI Express 2.0 Stream Processors 128 128 96 112 Vertex Shader Version 4.0 4.0 4.0 4.0 Pixel Shader Version 4.0 4.0 4.0 4.0 ROPs 24 16 20 16 Core Speed 575 MHz 650 MHz 500 MHz 600 MHz Fill Rate 36,800 MTexels /s 41,600 MTexels / s 24,000 MTexels / s 33,600 MTexels / s Memory Bus Width 384- bits 256-bits 320-bits 256-bits Memory Type GDDR3 GDDR3 GDDR3 GDDR3 Memory Speed 900 MHz 972 MHz 800 MHz 900 MHz Memory Bandwidth 86.4 GB /s 62.2 GB /s 64.0 GB /s 57.6 GB /s
For more specifications , please take a look at our Desktop Graphics Card Comparison Guide
From its specifications alone , the new G92 - based GeForce 8800 GTS 512MB is almost as fast as the GeForce 8800 GTX .
It has virtually the same amount of fillrate .
It only lost out in memory bandwidth .
But it is certainly much faster than older GeForce 8800 GTS 640MB /320 MB .
Compared to its predecessors , it has a massive 50 % boost in fillrate with the same amount of memory bandwidth .
Update !
Since this editorial was posted , we have also published the following reviews with full details and benchmark results :
The Testbed
We tested the cards on our Intel Core 2 Extreme QX6700 testbed running on Microsoft Windows Vista with 3GB of DDR3 SDRAM .
We ran all cards with the latest NVIDIA ForceWare 169.12 beta driver .
Now , let 's see how fast it is !
Posted on July 12 , 2007 in Articles
After burning through all but 2 million of 22 million dollars raised and the culmination of a failed campaign with the public guillotining of the longtime senior campaign managers and fifty staffers , the political obituary has been written for the once - heralded media darling .
In the past week , the media has attempted to retrace the dance steps it took in 2000 with the upstart Senator branded as the brazenly honest maverick .
From Salon to the Washington Post , the question posed is what caused the derailment of the famed Straight Talk Express and the once certain McCain presidential bid ?
McCain entered the 2000 Republican nomination process as a fresh face championing a noteworthy cause , but quickly became fodder for the Bush election team .
Cornered in South Carolina , McCain quickly flip - flopped on the Confederate Flag issue while Bush ’s force made dubious push polls asking primary voters if they would still support McCain if he had an illegitimate black child ( his family adopted a daughter from Bangladesh ) .
He got caught putting lip stick on the pig as media driven arguments with Falwell and Robinson escalated and as Bush openly questioned McCain ’s service to his country .
The latter was the most anathema of tactics considering McCain ’s stay at the Hanoi Hilton while Bush went AWOL after learning to fly antiquated planes .
McCain , hobbled by a ruthless Bush campaign speared by Rove , saw the nomination elude him to the Bush ’s tactic of appealing to the Republican base .
Thus began the predicament with the myth of McCain as he began to serve out 8 years of Congressional purgatory , desperately retooling himself into his own image of a Republican that could be certified by the Right .
The separation between McCain ’s maneuvering and the media - induced perception of his views as populist and flying in the face of conventional Beltway inertia became evident .
It is here that the essential question should be asked : Was McCain a veritable political maverick or was his highly regarded political independence a victim of his failed 2000 bid ?
The legend was largely built on his repeated attempts to curb lobbyist influence with his cosponsorship of the McCain - Feingold Campaign Finance Reform Bill .
Not only impassable in Congress , the bill would have met a judicial doom in the pre-Roberts Supreme Court ( and a more certain doom in the current court ) .
Simply stated , cash would have been regarded by the court as freedom of speech , neutering the majority of the bills provisions .
Regardless of this reality , McCain ’s background in the subject is a suspicious one , considering his run in with corruption that led him to be rebuked by the Ethics Committee for his role in the Keating Five .
Yet the past eight years have otherwise been an effort in self - reform towards towing the party line .
Apart from opposing the Marriage Constitutional Amendment ( largely due to the personal influence of a gay staffer ) , McCain enjoys an 82 percent rating from the American Conservative Union , a 100 percent rating from the CATO Institute , and the third most conservative voting record in the 109th Congress .
He has been the second most public bull behind the President on Iraq and immigration reform , a choice of death with the wider electorate for the former position and a certain lynching from the Right for the latter .
On the Bush tax breaks , McCain initially opposed the 11 year , $ 350 billion dollar cuts , only to capitulate to the Bush fold in exchange for an all too public embrace .
The maverick image is and always has been a hollow one — the Straight Talk Express seemed like a simple one - issue ploy while McCain harvested politics on the far right .
As the cracks in the image were reported , McCain turned into a cantankerous geriatric , perpetually angry at the same media establishment that launched him in 2000 .
For many , the past eight years have been a disheartening display of McCain ’s willingness to sacrifice his credentials in order to please the Republican elite .
The edge that McCain once brought – a willingness to take on corporate corruption , lobbyist influence , and the charlatans of the Evangelical movement — has been dulled by a complacency in being a Bush sycophant , willing to suck down the fumes from a disastrous war , an exceedingly unpopular immigration policy , and economically hobbling tax cuts while Bush speeds away from Pennsylvania Avenue .
In essence , the media darling turned into another Bush crony , willing to stoop to new and unnecessary lows in a vain attempt to jockey to be the next Commander in Chief .
The McCain implosion is one of his own doing , the consequence of doing business in Washington and misreading the Bush orthodoxy as the key to the White House .
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
While Chris Dodd was working his heart out on the Senate floor to protect the rule of law and our civil liberties , what do you think Hillary Clinton was doing ?
Crisscrossing Iowa in a five - day helicopter tour ( “ Hill - a- Copter , ” as the campaign calls it ) she is repeatedly reminding folks that Iowa ’s largest paper named her as its choice in the Democratic presidential race ( on the Republican side , they picked John McCain ) .
Monday night , as Clinton wrapped up hours of campaigning with a rally in Coralville ( a burg near Iowa City , home of the University of Iowa ) , she said of the hoops the Register ’s editors had her jump through as they mulled the endorsement : “ I have never been through a process more grueling . ”
Is n’t that special ?
Chris Dodd did n’t have the chance to talk to Iowa constituents today .
He was actually leading .
I wonder what Barack Obama was up to while Dodd fought for our Constitution .
Obama ’s crowds remained strong throughout the day , though he was stumping in heavily Republican territory .
He ended with a noisy rally before more than 1,000 people in an ornate restored theater in Sioux City , urging backers to throw caution to the wind and not be afraid to be bold .
“ If we ’re serious about winning this election , we ca n’t be afraid to lose it , ” Obama said , as his staff busily collected names and telephone numbers from the crowd .
He returned to the theme of lobbyist influence on a chilly day in northwest Iowa , speaking to more than 400 gathered at Storm Lake High School .
“ The corporate lobbyists are going to have to understand that a new day has dawned , ” said Obama .
“ No child should grow up in a community that is devastated by teacher shortages or nursing shortages . ”
Driving into Storm Lake , Obama ’s motorcade passed by towers at wind farms similar to those sprouting throughout the region , and he said alternative energy could help rejuvenate rural America .
“ We ’ve got wind farms that are being built , entirely new industries are being developed , ” said Obama .
“ There are some competitive advantages in our rural economy , not only for wind but for biodiesel and ethanol . ”
Looks like he had a full day of campaigning at his competitor Chris Dodd ’s expense .
Is n’t that sweet of Barack ?
It ’s almost as nice as Joe Biden ’s decision to do radio and campaign appearances in New Hampshire .
MONDAY DECEMBER 17 9:00 a.m. ( Eastern Time ) : SEN .
BIDEN TO BE GUEST ON NHPR’S “ THE EXCHANGE ” 2:45 p.m. : SEN .
BIDEN TO ADDRESS LOCAL DEMOCRATS AT HOUSE PARTY IN NEW IPSWICH
Place : Home of Lisa Brown
Address : 169 Appleton Rd. , New Ipswich , NH
That ’s right … while Dodd was wearing out his vocal chords fighting for what ’s right , Joe Biden was having tea and cookies at Lisa Brown ’s house .
All three Senators said they support Dodd and oppose retroactive immunity , and all three let Dodd do all the work while they campaigned at his expense .
Chris Dodd deserves praise and you can contribute to his campaign if you like rewarding good behavior .
Edwards and Richardson are not senators and could n’t vote or help filibuster .
But Clinton , Obama , and Biden all disgraced themselves today .
They all dishonored themselves today .
When the FISA bill is brought up again in January it will be right in the midst of the primaries .
The progressive wing of the Democratic Party will harshly punish a repeat of this cowardly day .
High - tech culture of Silicon Valley originally formed around radio Disgruntled engineers broke away from transistor developer in ' 50s , led valley to its silicon glory
svhistory30_transistor
This resistor - transistor logic ( RTL ) product -- a set / reset flip - flop -- was the industry 's first integrated circuit available as a monolithic chip .
Fairchild Semiconductor / Courtesy to The Chronicle less svhistory30 _transistor
This resistor - transistor logic ( RTL ) product -- a set / reset flip - flop -- was the industry 's first integrated circuit available as a monolithic chip .
Fairchild Semiconductor / Courtesy to The ... more Photo : Fairchild Semiconductor Photo : Fairchild Semiconductor Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close High - tech culture of Silicon Valley originally formed around radio 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
They were n't out to make history , the eight young engineers who met secretly with investor Arthur Rock 50 years ago to form Silicon Valley 's ancestral chip company , Fairchild Semiconductor .
The men , among them future Intel co-founder Gordon Moore , mainly wanted to escape their brilliant but batty boss , William Shockley , who had just shared the 1956 Nobel Prize in physics for his role in the invention of the transistor .
Shockley , who had started a company in Mountain View in 1955 to commercialize this breakthrough , had bullied and browbeaten his young engineering staff , whose numbers included future venture capitalist Eugene Kleiner , at 32 the oldest of the bunch ; the rest of the renegade group were younger than 30 .
So when the Traitorous Eight , as they 're sometimes called , held their hush - hush meeting in San Francisco , they had reason to fear discovery - but no way to know that by quitting safe jobs for a risky startup , they would earn a place among what Stanford University historian Leslie Berlin calls the " Founding Fathers of Silicon Valley . "
But wait .
The National Register of Historic Places recognizes the garage in Palo Alto where David Packard and William Hewlett started their company .
Is n't that the birthplace of Silicon Valley ?
And here 's a hitch .
Not until 1971 was " Silicon Valley " used to describe the concentration of chip - making firms in the South Bay .
So what is Silicon Valley ?
How and when did it arise ?
And most important , perhaps , what is the future of this region that has become a synonym for innovation ?
" There is this myth that Silicon Valley was all orchards when the chip companies arrived , but it 's not true .
It had been building , building for a long time , " said Christophe Lécuyer , a Stanford - trained historian who turned his dissertation into a book , " Making Silicon Valley . "
Lécuyer , now an economic analyst with the University of California system , said the region 's technological awakening began almost a century ago when , not long after the great quake of 1906 , the Bay Area - and particularly the Peninsula - began innovating with the then - hot technology of radio .
" The San Francisco Bay Area was a natural place for interest in radio because it was a seagoing region , " said Timothy Sturgeon , an industrial researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who described this radio period in a paper , " How Silicon Valley Came to Be . "
Lécuyer and Sturgeon argue that , roughly 30 years before Hewlett and Packard started work in their garage , and almost 50 years before the Traitorous Eight created Fairchild , the basic culture of Silicon Valley was forming around radio : engineers who hung out in hobby clubs , brainstormed and borrowed equipment , spun new companies out of old ones , and established a meritocracy ruled by those who made electronic products cheaper , faster and better .
As Sturgeon notes , as early as 1909 , Stanford graduate Cyril Elwell was acquiring patents for new radio technologies and persuading university officials , including then - President David Starr Jordan , " to finance a new company " in Palo Alto that would be called Federal Telegraph Co .
That same year in San Jose , Charles Herrold started a school for radio engineers and began broadcasting to radio hobbyists and later to a small local audience to become what a 1994 PBS documentary called " Broadcasting 's Forgotten Father . "
Back then , the region had none of its present cachet relative to other clusters of radio activity like New York , New Jersey and Boston .
But in this rivalry with the industrial powers of the East , the future Silicon Valley would find a powerful customer with deep pockets - the U.S. military .
Sturgeon said U.S. naval officials , impressed by Federal Telegraph 's technology , gave the Palo Alto firm huge contracts during World War I - the first but not the last time war would fuel the region 's tech firms .
In another hint of the future , Sturgeon writes that around 1910 , Peter Jensen and Edwin Pridham quit Federal Telegraph " to start a research and development firm in a garage in Napa " to improve loudspeakers .
In 1917 , they formed Magnavox , which built public address systems for destroyers and battleships in World War I .
The war 's end took the wind out of Silicon Valley 's sails .
The Eastern radio powers , notably RCA , dominated the field during the 1920s and 1930s .
The region 's entrepreneurial fire cooled but , as history would show , did n't die .
Creation story
The next chapter in the Silicon Valley story involves the familiar tale of how Hewlett and Packard hatched the region 's first technology giant in a Palo Alto garage .
Sophisticated versions of this creation epic also credit their mentor , Stanford engineering Professor Frederick Terman .
Terman , who began teaching at Stanford in the late 1920s , would spend the rest of his career formalizing the university - industry collaboration that would come to typify Silicon Valley .
But in the hardscrabble ' 30s , it was all Terman could do to hold together the ecosystem of tinkerers and researchers who were trying to survive the Depression .
He had help from tech pioneers such as Charles Litton Sr. , who in 1932 established a machine shop that made better vacuum tube manufacturing tools .
Tubes were the workhorse of electronics before transistors and - according to Lécuyer - Litton 's tools allowed San Bruno vacuum - tube - maker Eitel - McCullough to build superior components - and a reputation .
Another seminal event was the 1939 invention of the klystron tube by Stanford research associates and brothers Russell and Sigurd Varian , who would later start Varian Associates .
The klystron tube led to more powerful radars , helping the United States and its allies gain an advantage in World War II .
In his 1995 memoir , " The HP Way , " Packard himself provides a glimpse of this ecosystem in action , telling how Terman arranged for him to work evenings at Litton 's shop .
" Charlie Litton had started with the Federal Telegraph Company in Palo Alto , " Packard wrote , adding , " My relationship with Charlie developed into a long and enduring friendship . "
Garage - era Silicon
Valley also adopted the business model of the radio age - supplying the U.S. armed forces .
" Military funding was critical for the rise of Silicon Valley from the very late 1930s to the early 1960s , " Lécuyer said .
For instance , he said , Eitel - McCullough had about 15 people making vacuum tubes before the war .
That swelled to 4,000 employees in 1943 , then contracted to 200 in 1945 , when peace crippled demand for tubes .
So , by the time the Traitorous Eight started Fairchild , the recipe for Silicon Valley largely had been written .
Still , the notion that they founded the valley is justified by what financier Rock brought to the party - the money to bankroll bold engineers .
" The venture capital sector really arises along with the semiconductor industry , " Lécuyer said .
" Once the venture capital is in place , it makes all the other things possible . "
From Fairchild forward
Investment that rewards risk became the final catalyst for the Silicon Valley we know , where ideas , nourished by money , spawn startups , products , even whole industries , like biotechnology .
The first big wave of startups created by venture investment were the dozens of Fairchildren - chip companies like National Semiconductor , Advanced Micro Devices and Intel - started by engineers who traced their ancestry to the Traitorous Eight .
Intel became the largest of these Fairchildren , and Moore the best known of the eight .
But the gang leader was his charismatic colleague Robert Noyce .
A technical innovator - in this meritocracy he had to be - in 1961 , Noyce designed the first chip that enabled two transistors to work together on a single slice of silicon .
Called the " integrated circuit , " it is the ancestor of today 's billion - transistor chips .
In 1971 , when trade press reporter Don Hoefler used " Silicon Valley " to describe the concentration of chip - making firms on the Peninsula , the name stuck .
But almost from the start , it stood for more than chip - making .
" Silicon Valley created an environment that allowed ideas and money and people to combine more easily , " said AnnaLee Saxenian , dean of the School of Information at UC Berkeley and an expert on the region .
The early chip industry , like the two waves of innovation before , initially depended on military expenditures , Paul Ceruzzi , a curator at the Smithsonian Institution , writes in his book " A History of Modern Computing . "
Only this time , it was the Cold War that opened the government 's checkbook .
The Soviet launch of Sputnik on Oct. 4 , 1957 , prodded the United States to modernize its missile and space program .
The newfangled silicon chips were considered vital - albeit costly - components , and Ceruzzi writes that NASA and the Defense Department bought so many " that the price dropped from $ 1,000 a chip to between $ 20 and $ 30 . "
Falling chip prices fueled development of new electronics for corporate customers and eventually individual consumers .
Reliance on military purchases lessened , though defense dollars remained important in spurring research .
Thus , when Larry Page and Sergey Brin later dreamed up Google , a defense research grant helped support their work .
And when Stanford computer scientists won a robotic car race in 2005 , the prize came from the Defense Department .
By the 1970s , therefore , Silicon Valley was poised to capitalize on new civilian technologies like PCs , as exemplified by Apple Computer .
In the 1980s , excitement shifted to scientific workstations and networking devices from firms like Sun Microsystems and Cisco Systems , and to software like the version of UNIX perfected at UC Berkeley .
In the 1990s , the point - and - click browser popularized by Netscape ignited the dot - com boom and , after a painful bust and slow recovery , the recent rise of Google and social networking sites such as Facebook signal another wave of entrepreneurship .
Back to the future
Today , Silicon Valley is showing signs of age .
Traffic is bad .
Housing is worse .
And it 's competing with every metropolitan region in the nation - indeed , the world .
Saxenian , the Berkeley dean , is optimistic .
Her most recent book , " The New Argonauts , " posits that Silicon Valley will remain a design and innovation center by partnering with lower - cost manufacturing centers overseas .
" Viewed from outside the United States , Silicon Valley is an amazing place , " she said .
" I 'd put my bets on innovation coming out of the valley for the next 20 years . "
But jobs are a concern .
Tech employment has n't yet recovered from the dot - com bust .
The American Electronics Association says California had 1.2 million tech jobs in 2000 .
Its most recent snapshot found 280,000 fewer Californians collecting high - tech paychecks .
Is it outsourcing ?
Is it globalism ?
Is it a problem ?
Maybe the answer depends on whether you 're looking for work or looking to hire .
And more to the point , after all this time , do we know what Silicon Valley is , or better yet , how to keep it vital ?
" My biggest hope for the valley is that we continue to have the focus , creativity and capital to reinvent our future and the future of technology , " said Paul Otellini , CEO of Intel Corp. , the most prosperous of the Fairchildren .
" My biggest fear is that we will get complacent and allow it to happen elsewhere . "
LAST Valentine ’s Day , Justin Murray and Sarah Kinsella sent out more than 800 pink greeting cards , one to every female freshman at Harvard .
The two seniors stayed up nearly all night , taping candy hearts to the notes , which read : “ Celebrate love , celebrate life , celebrate you :
Why wait ?
Because you ’re worth it . ”
Founders of Harvard ’s new abstinence society , True Love Revolution , Ms. Kinsella and Mr. Murray have been going out for a year and a half .
On a recent date at Border Café , a Mexican restaurant in Harvard Square , they sit on the same side of the booth , linking fingers and stroking each other ’s hair .
This is about the extent of their physical connection .
“ We do n’t push it , ” says Ms. Kinsella , sipping a lemon - lime Margarita .
“ We pretty much stick to kissing and cuddling .
At night , Justin will walk me back to my room , and we ’ll hang out for a little while .
I ’ll give him a back rub or something , but , yeah , then he heads back to his dorm . ”
Senate office building fire is 7th in last month David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday November 2 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
There was another fire in the Dirksen Senate Office Building early Friday morning , following one in the Hart Senate Office Building that forced evacuations on Wednesday US Capitol Police are not sure whether these latest fires are connected with four other " suspicious " fires in those buildings on October 3 , three of which were set in women 's restrooms like the latest blaze .
All the fires have been extinguished quickly and without injuries .
" It 's an interesting and unsolved situation , " CNN 's Jessica Yellin reported .
" This is the seventh fire of this nature since the start of October , and officials here say that they have no viable suspects and they 've made no arrests . "
" Folks in the building are talking about it , " Yellin continued .
" Everybody seems to be scratching their heads .
And one of those Senate office buildings was the site of the anthrax mailings that happened some years ago , so there 's some real discomfort when these sorts of unanswered crimes happen around the Capitol . "
The following video is from CNN's Newsroom , broadcast on November 2 , 2007 .
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
Think you 're smart ?
Take the FREE IQ Test now .
The 53 - page " End of Mission Report " by Alvaro de Soto , the UN's Middle East envoy , obtained by the Guardian , presents a devastating account of failed diplomacy and condemns the sweeping boycott of the Palestinian government .
It is dated May 5 this year , just before Mr de Soto stepped down .
The revelations from inside the UN come after another day of escalating violence in Gaza , when at least 26 Palestinians were killed after Hamas fighters launched a major assault .
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , head of the rival Fatah group , warned he was facing an attempted coup .
Mr de Soto condemns Israel for setting unachievable preconditions for talks and the Palestinians for their violence .
Western - led peace negotiations have become largely irrelevant , he says .
Mr de Soto is a Peruvian diplomat who worked for the UN for 25 years in El Salvador , Cyprus and Western Sahara .
He says :
· The international boycott of the Palestinians , introduced after Hamas won elections last year , was " at best extremely short - sighted " and had " devastating consequences " for the Palestinian people
· Israel has adopted an " essentially rejectionist " stance towards the Palestinians
· The Quartet of Middle East negotiators - the US , the EU , Russia and the UN - has become a " side - show "
· The Palestinian record of stopping violence against Israel is " patchy at best , reprehensible at worst "
Mr de Soto acknowledges in the report that he is its sole author .
It was meant only for senior UN officials , and its wording is far more critical than the public pronouncements of UN diplomats .
Last night , Mr de Soto , who is in New York , told the Guardian : " It is a confidential document and not intended for publication . "
In January last year , the Quartet called on the newly elected Hamas government to commit to non-violence , recognise Israel and accept previous agreements .
When Hamas refused to sign up to the principles , the international community halted direct funding to the Palestinian government and Israel started to freeze the monthly tax revenues that it had agreed to pass to the Palestinians .
Several hundred million dollars remain frozen .
Mr de Soto , who had opposed the boycott , said this position " effectively transformed the Quartet from a negotiation - promoting foursome guided by a common document [ the road map for peace ] into a body that was all - but imposing sanctions on a freely elected government of a people under occupation as well as setting unattainable preconditions for dialogue " .
The EU said yesterday that there was an imminent risk of civil war if fighting went on , and UN secretary - general Ban Ki-moon urged support for Mr Abbas 's efforts " to restore law and order " .
In the heaviest day of fighting in Gaza for months , Hamas appeared to make its first concerted effort to seize power in Gaza .
There was a wave of co-ordinated attacks , which appeared to overwhelm the larger but less effective Fatah force .
" Decisiveness will be in the field , " said Islam Shahwan , a spokesman for the Hamas military wing .
Fatah 's central committee called an emergency meeting in Ramallah , in the West Bank , and said it would suspend the activities of its ministers in the government .
Fatah would pull out of the government if the fighting failed to stop , it said .
For the first time in several weeks , fighting spread to the West Bank when Fatah gunmen attacked a Hamas television studio in Ramallah and kidnapped a Hamas deputy cabinet minister from the city .
The day began with a rocket attack on the private house in Gaza of Ismail Haniyeh , the prime minister and a Hamas leader .
He was in the building but was not hurt .
Fighting spread across Gaza City and within hours Hamas fighters issued warnings over loudspeakers calling on all Fatah security forces to pull out of their bases and return home .
At about 2 pm Hamas gunmen seized control of several small Fatah bases and one large base in northern Gaza , where there were heavy casualties when Hamas fighters fired mortars and rocket - propelled grenades at the compound .
Several Fatah officers complained that they had received no orders during the day .
Mr Abbas tried calling for a truce , and later Fatah ordered its officers to fight back .
Court Allows Bush Administration to Continue Illegal Wiretapping
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : media@aclu.org
CINCINNATI -
In a 2 - 1 decision , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals today dismissed a legal challenge to the Bush administration ’s warrantless surveillance program .
The challenge was brought by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of prominent journalists , scholars , attorneys and national nonprofit organizations who say that the unchecked surveillance program is disrupting their ability to communicate effectively with sources and clients .
Even though the plaintiffs alleged a well - founded fear that their communications were subject to illegal surveillance , the court dismissed the case because plaintiffs could not state with certainty that they had been wiretapped by the National Security Agency .
The following quote can be attributed to ACLU Legal Director Steven R. Shapiro :
“ We are deeply disappointed by today ’s decision that insulates the Bush administration ’s warrantless surveillance activities from judicial review and deprives Americans of any ability to challenge the illegal surveillance of their telephone calls and e-mails .
As a result of today ’s decision , the Bush administration has been left free to violate the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which Congress adopted almost 30 years ago to prevent the executive branch from engaging in precisely this kind of unchecked surveillance .
“ It is important to emphasize that the court today did not uphold the legality of the government ’s warrantless surveillance activity .
Indeed , the only judge to discuss the merits clearly and unequivocally declared that the warrantless surveillance was unlawful .
“ We are currently reviewing all of our legal options , including taking this challenge to the U.S. Supreme Court .
In the meantime it is now more important than ever for Congress to engage in meaningful oversight . ”
On June 27 , Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy issued subpoenas to the White House , Vice President and the Justice Department for documents about warrantless surveillance .
The deadline for compliance is July 18 .
Today ’s decision is online at :
www.ca6.uscourts.gov/opinions.pdf/07a0253p-06.pdf
More information on the case is online at : www.aclu.org/nsaspying
Eidos Montreal confirms they are working on Deus Ex 3 , and gives us a teaser trailer to there new game !
Update : Deus Ex 3 site launches
Performance tips
Nearly two years ago , Jacob posted a round - up of useful tips for Django performance , geared mainly at the non-Django portions of your stack ; suggestions like having dedicated media and database servers , memcached , plenty of RAM and database tuning really are n’t Django - specific .
Two years later , all of his tips are still relevant and will still have an impact on the performance of your Django - based stack .
This leaves wide open the question of how to squeeze every last bit of performance out of Django — and your Django - based applications — though , so today let ’s take a look at some useful and suitably general techniques you might want to try when you know you need to squeeze every last drop of performance out of Django or your application .
Caching
It should go without saying that caching can be your best friend ; anything which cuts down on the number of database queries or expensive calculations you need to do will inevitably pay off in lighter server load and faster response times .
As Jacob says , use memcached ; it ’s blazing fast , and if it ’s good enough for the millions who use LiveJournal , it ’s good enough for you .
But the stock site - wide cache is n’t always ideal .
For example , on all of our news sites we allow logged - in users to post comments , take part in interactive chats and use other features which involve changes to the content we display to them .
And even if they are n’t heavily interacting , we still need to change some parts of each page in response to a logged - in user ’s identity .
The stock site - wide caching provided by Django makes this problematic : if a user posts a comment , for example , it wo n’t show up until the page ’s cache expires , and we can forget about displaying things like Hello , {{ user.username }} at the top of the page .
The solution is to set CACHE_MIDDLEWARE_ANONYMOUS_ONLY
=True in your Django settings file ; this will let the site - wide cache work as normal for users who are n’t logged in — and hence are n’t interacting with the site in way the cache will interfere with — while letting logged - in users see a page that ’s generated fresh each time ( though if you ’re making use of the low - level cache interface that wo n’t be affected , which is handy for caching any expensive queries which happen regardless of who the user is ) .
Also , remember that you can hook into the low - level cache API from any Python code in your application ; anywhere you have an expensive database query or a calculation that takes a lot of work , you should consider using the low - level API to stuff the result into your cache .
Database queries
Django ’s ORM is extremely handy and — in most cases — wo n’t cause you any sort of performance problems .
There are two situations , though , where you might want to take a little extra care :
You need to get all of the objects in a complex relationship which would ordinarily involve many separate queries as relationship - spanning attributes are accessed .
You need to work with extremely large numbers of records , and just need the data .
In the first case , the “ select_related ( ) ” method can be a huge help , but not always .
Some databases — for example , MySQL — are often actually happier with large numbers of small queries , but others , like PostgreSQL , will perform better on a smaller number of more complex queries .
If you ’re noticing a bottleneck in your application from accessing related objects , using select_related ( ) can often get you an important performance boost .
In the second case , Django ’s ORM can hurt more than it helps ; instantiating a Django model object is n’t a trivial process , and each model object also consumes a certain amount of memory .
If you ’re retrieving extremely large numbers of objects , you ’re going to start noticing this overhead , and — if all you need is to get the data and do something with it — you can use the “ values ( ) ” method to get back a ValuesQuerySet ; this is a special subclass of the normal QuerySet which does n’t instantiate any model objects .
Instead , iterating , slicing or indexing into it will yield dictionaries containing the field names and values , and dictionaries are far simpler to create .
You can also pass a list of field names to values ( ) , and the resulting dictionaries will only contain values for those fields .
The slightly altered SELECT statement executed in this case probably wo n’t change the performance of the query noticeably , but will result in less memory use ( since fewer pieces of data have to be kept around in memory ) .
Templates
Templates can be extremely tricky to profile unless you know what you ’re doing , because there ’s not a whole lot of information available on how long you ’re spending in different parts of a template .
In general , though , there are a few things you should be aware of which — once you identify a problematic segment of a template — may help you out a bit .
The heavy - handed solution is simply to cache part of a template , using the ( somewhat new ) template fragment caching available through Django ’s { % cache %} tag .
You can also write custom template tags which access the cache API , potentially cutting down on expensive work or time - consuming queries .
You can also use the “ with ” tag to avoid the overhead of repeatedly resolving a variable or calling an expensive method .
Because of the way Django ’s template variable resolution works , each occurrence of a variable in your template will normally result in a separate Variable instance and a separate resolution ; this can be an expensive process for complex variables ( e.g. , in a variable name like foo .
bar.
baz.quux , Django has to try each of several methods of resolution on each “ part ” of the variable ) or for variables which resolve to methods to be called ( and which might in turn have to do some work to return a result ) .
The with tag avoids this repeated work by ensuring there ’s only a single copy of the Variable instance between the with and endwith tags , which means it only needs to resolve once .
Complex template logic can also be problematic ; for loops are especially troublesome because they involve quite a bit of setup and have to create , track and update several loop - related variables .
All of that takes time , so a template which involves lots of for loops ( especially nested loops ) should be carefully examined to see if there ’s not a simpler way to express the same logic .
Writing a custom template tag for a particularly complex piece of display logic is also something to consider ; shifting some of the work into Python code can provide important performance improvements ( and the shortcut decorators for “ simple ” and “ inclusion ” tags can make this a fairly simple process ) .
General tips
Predicting in advance where the performance bottlenecks will be in an application is almost impossible ; generally , the database will be a major factor , so limiting the number of queries you perform , and constructing them carefully to ensure you do n’t over - tax your DB , are important first steps .
But there are plenty of other places where you can run into issues ; learning how to use and work with your database ’s logging facilities , the Python profiler and Django ’s own debugging information are all key to identifying and resolving bottlenecks in your applications .
The best advice I can give here , though , is not to get caught up in trying to optimize performance until you know whether you need to ; until your application is actually up and running , and seeing real - world traffic levels , it ’s going to be difficult or impossible to predict how the application will perform or when and where it will run into problems .
Trying to optimize your code before you know how it actually performs is a recipe for needless over - engineering at best , and disaster — when you find that the real performance bottleneck was lurking somewhere else entirely — at worst .
On Monday , the Senate will begin consideration of the deeply flawed FISA measure from the Senate Intelligence Committee that expands the government ’s powers and gives undeserved amnesty to the telcos .
Chris Dodd has promised to filibuster any bill that contains telco amnesty , and his fellow presidential candidates have promised to support his filibuster .
Call Senators Biden , Clinton and Obama and urge them to keep that promise .
Call Senators Feingold , Sanders , Menendez , Brown , Harkin , Cardin , Akaka , Webb , Kennedy and Boxer , all of whom signed onto a letter asking Reid to proceed with legislation that specifically does not contain amnesty , and urge them to follow through by supporting Dodd 's filibuster .
Call your own Senators to ask that they join in .
Use the whip count tool from Chris Dodd to contact your Senators .
Fill up their voicemails and inboxes this weekend .
Surely 41 Democrats will be willing to side with the American people over the telco industry , over protecting our civil rights over the rights of these corporations to get of the hook for illegally spying on us .
CD Lamp 2
Inspiration
After having my site mentioned on the likes of Gizmodo with " DIY CD Lamp " and Hack a Day with " lamp o' cds " in June of 2005 , I decided I must complete my second CD Lamp .
I have been wanting to create another lamp for quite a while now .
I received over 30,000 hits in about 3 days because of those two sites alone .
Materials
I had collected more than enough discs to create a new lamp .
I purchased trouble light with a fluorescent dual tube bulb .
It plugs directly into the wall so no need for external transformer .
Here is the trouble light both on and off .
Like the last lamp , I also found this one at Canadian Tire , part # 52 - 5096 - 8 for about 30 dollars ( Cnd ) .
The reflector at the back of the bulb makes it very bright .
Key points include : On / Off rocker switch
13W twin tube fluorescent bulb
6 foot ( 1.8 m ) cord
My next step was to take the light apart to see what was hidden inside .
It came apart very easily with only a couple of screws .
Just about everything is not needed .
This is all that is needed .
A very simple circuit .
Cord
Switch
Contacts
Holder
Coil
Bulb
If I was to try to buy these parts separately the hardest thing to find would probably be the coil .
The same caution should also apply to my lamp .
I laid out the parts ( coil , holder , and switch ) to see how they fit within the confines of the disc circle .
With the coil under the lamp the lamp base will be too tall .
With the coil beside the lamp there is no room to manoeuvre .
By removing a little of the base it will work .
Putting it together
I used some plywood I already had .
3/8 inch is the thickest I had .
I needed 6 layers of this 3 ply plywood to get enough height for the holder and electronics .
I cut them out a little bigger than the circle , with a jig saw .
I glued and clamped all the layers together to dry .
I did not add any glue in the center , just about one inch around the outside edge .
I needed to drill out all but one layer ( 3/8 of inch ) of the plywood from the center .
It will be much easier if they are not glued together there , and therefore can be removed one layer at a time .
I drilled out the plywood at the top of the base , which will contain most of the hardware .
Two more holes in the side of the base .
One is for the power cord and one for the switch .
Another hole was drilled for securing of the power cord .
The power cord was secured by two screws to the base to prevent the cord from being accidently pulled out .
I protected the base with at least 7 layers of Varathane with a light sanding in between coats .
To place the electronics into the base I had to unsolder the power cord and the switch from the coil .
Here is the holder and coil positioned in the base for a " dry fit " before soldering .
I fed the switch and power cord into the base and then soldered it all back together .
I setup a jig to cutout a larger hole in the CDs .
I later used a similar jig to drill the 3 holes for the rods .
Setting up and all the drilling took about 3 hours .
The plastic of the CDs melted a bit and left a bit of a ridge on both sides .
I then used a grinding bit and files to clean up the edges .
This took another 2 to 2.5 hours .
There will be plenty of breathing room around the CD when it is finished .
It is possible to see some of the burr that is left behind after first drilling .
I need a stack at least 2/3 the height of the bulb .
I might use all the holes I drilled out as spacers on my next project .
The finished Product
Here it is turned off .
In the end I used 61 CDs .
The CDs are grouped in pairs with the shiny side out .
I used washers between the pairs of CD 'S as spacers .
To start the stack of CDs I used a single CD on the base of the unit .
To finish I covered the stack with two pairs ( 4 CD ) on the top without their centers enlarged ( untouched ) .
I used the same nuts on top and on bottom as legs .
To change the bulb just remove the nuts from the bottom and slide the base and CDs apart .
And finally the finished product and all lit up .
Finished and all lit up again but at a different angle .
What I Would do Different Next Time
I have been doing a little reading on the internet about ballast for fluorescent lights .
The next time I use a fluorescent bulb , I would use a non magnetic ballast .
They turn on quicker , hum less , and use less power .
The switch on this circuit does stop all flow of power unlike most transformers that are still completing a circuit even though the device may be off .
But my next lamp will not be a fluorescent light .
I also want my next lamp to run off the 12v DC of the PC .
It will be either a LED or Cold Cathode .
My first choice is to use one of these Agilight type z-LED lights .
The rod is 14 mm , which should fit snuggly over the CD without any enlarging .
The CD hole is 15 mm .
If I use the " hole " bits from this project as spacers I wont need to make any holes for rods .
I am not sure how bright they actually are .
If I make one I 'll do a comparison between it and this current lamp .
The problem I see with the Cold Cathode tube or CCFL is that they have a square blocks at the end and the tubes themselves may be a little too wide .
There is even a USB version but it does not produce a bright enough light .
Links
My first CD Lamp made using a small fluorescent bulb and the CDs are glued together .
My third CD Lamp with CD arranged in the pattern of piano keys .
Neil Fraser's AOL Lamp
Boernson 's CD - Lampen in German , and CD - Lamp translated into English with Google
Kurt Schuster 's Terabyte standing lamp
How Fluorescent Lamps Work
Geometric Sculptures including several using CDs
Dmoz list of links to more pages on things to do with AOL discs
It 's more than 40 years since a bunch of young protesters broke into a government bunker and published the documents about the state 's secret preparations for the possibility of nuclear war they found there .
The Spies for Peace , as they called themselves , were cheered on by many in the press and in the peace movement .
As they included my late father , I grew up knowing their identities - although none of them broke cover while they were alive .
When I wrote about them in the past , I mused on whether they had actually achieved anything .
What I concluded was that , although they and other protesters of the 60s never achieved all they had set out to do , they did help to change the culture .
The difference , politically , between the pre-60s generation and the post - 60s generation was partly a shift from deference to intransigence .
Civil liberties - such as the rights to liberty and assembly and freedom of speech - are ancient rights enshrined in common law as well as modern rights enshrined in international human rights legislation .
But if they are not to be eroded by the political class whose desire is always to acquire greater power then people need to remain vigilant .
In the 60s , the cultural direction suggested that any attempt by the government to increase its power over the people would automatically be challenged .
Many ordinary people decided they were no longer going to bend the knee automatically to the government .
Now we have changed direction .
Despite a pervasive air of cynicism about our political masters , there is little challenge to the secretive and authoritarian bent of those who rule us .
As Helena Kennedy neatly put it last year : " What we have forgotten is that the state is there courtesy of us and we are not here courtesy of the state . "
Although sporadic resistance flares up , the rights and liberties of ordinary people are increasingly under threat .
There is , most famously , the curtailment of the right to peaceful protest .
The government has used powers contained in the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005 to prevent " unauthorised " demonstrations within a kilometre of parliament .
The 1997 Protection From Harassment
Act , updated in the 2005 act , has been used in attempts to shut down protests against militarism and climate change .
Powers such as these , or those conferred on the police by the Terrorism Act 2000 to stop and search in a " designated " area even without " reasonable grounds " , are generally accepted as the price we must pay for our safety in an increasingly hostile world , even though their use goes way beyond the needs of security .
Similarly , the growing powers of the government to hold information about us , including the power to keep a permanent database of the DNA of everyone who has ever been arrested - even if not guilty - are rarely challenged .
It is partly our paranoia about terrorism that has contributed to our lethargic acquiescence in such authoritarian behaviour by the state .
There are still definitely limits to this acquiescence .
It is cheering to see that new attempts by the government to extend the period of detention without charge from 28 to 42 days have come in for such concerted opposition from other parties and commentators of all political backgrounds .
Yet the reason there is not more forceful opposition to other aspects of the government 's authoritarian behaviour is , shamingly , partly down to the fact that many of us do not feel these measures directly affect us and we cannot be bothered to think our way into the minds of those who are most affected .
The most powerful arguments for civil liberties are those that remind us that " we " have the right to keep the state in line .
But when those most heavily affected do not look like " us " , we are less likely to protest .
When the poetry and reading habits - however nasty - of a young woman can be used to secure her conviction for possessing materials " likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism " , then we feel the control of the state tightening .
But because Samina Malik is hardly someone that most British people could sympathise with , it is fatally easy for her rights to free expression to be downgraded .
The terror suspects who have experienced the most freakish curtailments of their liberty are people such as Mustapha Taleb , one of the cleared suspects in the ricin trial , whom I met last year when he was living under the most intensely onerous bail conditions .
These meant that he could only move around a small designated area and could not use mobile phones or the internet .
Taleb has since had to experience continued detention while awaiting the results of secret hearings of secret evidence to which his own lawyer does not have access .
If few people have bothered to listen to his frustration with the maze in which he finds himself , I think that 's because we are reluctant to extend to alien immigrants - even though he had legal status here as a refugee - the same right to justice we believe is due to us .
The rights to liberty and a fair legal hearing are being routinely denied not just to terror suspects .
Our asylum system , so tortuous and Kafkaesque that it defeats trained lawyers , let alone frightened victims of persecution who have just arrived on our shores , condemns many genuine asylum seekers to a paperless limbo or to arbitrary detention .
While MPs and journalists debate whether suspected terrorists should be detained for more than 28 days without charge , for instance , a young girl of 13 can be held in Yarl 's Wood detention centre for three months .
Meltem Avcil , a Turkish Kurdish girl whom I met during her lengthy incarceration , briefly became a cause celebre among campaigners when she and her mother resisted deportation .
An innocent , bright teenager who has been living in this country for six years was held in prison conditions that were a terrifying ordeal for her and her mother .
" I wish I had died and never seen that day , " she said of the day she was taken into detention .
But she is hardly alone .
Immigration detention centres in the UK are stuffed with people whose detention has been arbitrary and prolonged .
Many of them have been unable to access competent - or sometimes any - legal representation .
This is only set to worsen with the cuts to legal aid now coming into force .
Although the government says it only detains children or victims of torture under exceptional circumstances , today I could take you to meet children who have been locked up for weeks , and women who bear the marks of torture on their bodies and in their minds - with no idea when they will be released or deported - sitting in fear in these detention centres .
Such people are silenced .
They are pushed to the margins of all our debates , and when we talk about " our " civil liberties and our human rights these people , who are not " us " , hardly seem to figure .
Once upon a time people protested vehemently that the government should not act secretly and repressively against its own people .
It is vital to continue that tradition , but it is just as vital to state clearly that our government should not act secretly and repressively against any individual in this country .
Civil liberties must be for everyone , or we will find one day that they are for nobody .
natasha.walter@theguardian.com
A CREATIONIST FAQ
– FROM THE ARCHIVE –
Q : What is the principle evidence for Creationism ?
A : The Holy Bible , of course .
After all , is it likely that the author of the Universe would be mistaken about its age ?
Q : But is n’t the Bible religion and not science ?
A : Truth is truth .
It ’s a poor sort of science that ignores truth .
Q : But is n’t there a lot of evidence for evolution ?
A : Not really , most of it is from university professors writing papers for each other .
If they did n’t write papers they would n’t have jobs .
Q : How big was Noah ’s ark ?
A : Big enough .
Q : But what about radioactive dating ?
A : Hey , everybody knows that stuff is bad for you .
Stick with good Christian girls .
Q : What about the fossil evidence ?
A : The real fossils are university professors writing papers for each other .
Q : Is there any other evidence for creationism besides the Bible ?
A : Yes .
Q : Can you give us some ?
A : Yes .
Q : Could you give us a specific example ?
A : Yes .
Q : What would be a specific example of evidence for Creationism ?
A : I ’ve already answered that question .
Q : What about the Antarctic ice core data ?
A : Now I put it to you .
Coop up a bunch of men in a Quonset hut in the worst weather in the world , with nothing to do but gather data and drink , and what do you expect ?
Q : Did the dinosaurs coexist with man ?
A : Look , the liberals were preaching coexistence with the Communists , and you saw what happened to them .
Q : Should Creationism be taught along with Evolution in the schools ?
A : Creationism should be taught instead of Evolution in the schools .
Q : Does n’t the Geologic Column prove that the Earth is very old ?
A : The geologic column proves that some things are on top of other things and some things are underneath other things .
But we already knew that , did n’t we .
Q : Has n’t evolution been demonstrated in the Laboratory ?
A : Students are demonstrating everywhere these days .
To their shame , many professors are demonstrating also .
Q : Are n’t Hawiian wallabies an example of Evolution in action ?
A : No .
Q : Why not ?
A : Because they are n’t .
Q : What is a kind ?
A : A kind is cards of the same rank .
Thus 4 aces and a king are four of a kind , but four spades and a heart are not .
Q : Does n’t genetic variation indicate that life has been going on a long time ?
A : Let ’s be up front about this .
That ’s deviation , not variation , and yes , there is a lot of deviancy out there .
That just shows that there has been a lot of Sin since the garden of Eden .
Q : What about Neanderthal Man ?
A : Hey , you take one of those geezers and put him in tweeds and give him a pipe and he could be a professor anywhere .
Q : Some scientists state that the earth ’s continents are drifting around on top of a molten interior which has shaped life as we see it now .
Are they right ?
A : As you well know the Bible says that beneath the surface of the earth is Hell where there is eternal fires and brimstone .
If the continents appear to be moving around that is Satan ’s doing .
Q : Why do almost all of the scientists believe in Evolution ?
A : The real scientists do n’t .
As for the rest of them , that ’s a very good question , is n’t it ?
Q : Are you talking about a Satanic conspiracy ?
A : Did I say anything about a conspiracy ?
You might want to think about the shape the world is in since the Evolutionists and the Liberal Humanists captured academia and how Evolution is hand in hand with Godless Communism and crime in the streets but I certainly would n’t want to say anything about a Satanic conspiracy .
I just want you to think about it with an open mind .
Al Gore 's shared Nobel Peace Prize for his work on global warming , announced Friday , caps a year of accolades for the former vice president .
In March , he won an Academy Award for a documentary on climate change , " An Inconvenient Truth . "
In May , his latest book , " The Assault on Reason , " debuted at No. 1 on The New York Times bestseller list .
In September , his interactive cable network , Current TV , won an Emmy .
Now , the man who nearly won the presidency in 2000 faces another round of " Will Al run for president ? "
In anticipation of the Nobel Prize , the draft - Gore movement has been ramping up its efforts .
Fewer than three months before the Iowa caucuses , Mr. Gore could still jump in , given his fame , campaign experience , and fund - raising network , political analysts say .
But he has all but ruled it out – leaving the tiniest crack open , perhaps to give his message on the future of the planet extra attention .
Sources close to Gore say he has no plans to run .
So why is there still this yearning for another Gore candidacy ?
After all , Democrats tell pollsters they 're happy with their slate of candidates – happier than the Republicans are with theirs .
Yet Gore still gets 10 percent or more of the Democratic primary vote in national polls .
" First , there 's a lingering frustration from 2000 that gets heightened because of all the problems that have confronted the Bush administration , " says John Geer , a political scientist at Vanderbilt University in Nashville .
" Gore 's been right about the big issues of the last 20 years .
People can make fun of him , but ... this is someone who has a pretty good track record . "
For now , though , Gore is pitching his message above politics .
" I am deeply honored to receive the Nobel Peace Prize , " Gore wrote on his website , also citing his co-winner , the UN International Panel on Climate Change .
" We face a true planetary emergency , " he continued .
" The climate crisis is not a political issue , it is a moral and spiritual challenge to all of humanity . "
The Nobel citation called Gore " probably the single individual who has done most to create greater worldwide understanding of the measures that need to be adopted . "
Gore says he will donate his share of the $ 1.5 million prize to the Alliance for Climate Protection , an advocacy group based in Palo Alto , Calif . , that he chairs .
Meanwhile , the draft - Gore movement – an agglomeration of national and state groups – has also seized the Nobel moment .
Recently , in anticipation of Gore 's winning the prize , Draftgore.com put out a call for funds to run the full - page " Open Letter to Al Gore " in The New York Times and raised the $ 65,000 needed in two weeks .
Now that he has won , the group is running an online petition urging Gore to run .
As of Sunday the group had more than 200,000 signees .
" They 're just coming in lickety - split after the announcement , " says Andrea Ronhovde , a Draftgore.com board member .
" The money is coming in fast and furious , so I imagine there will be advertising campaigns of sorts . "
Some state groups are now gathering signatures to get Gore on the ballot in time for the primaries .
Gore himself has not been in touch with the groups , but as some supporters have noted , he has not told them to stop , either .
Ms. Ronhovde , a retired social worker , says the continued appeal of a Gore presidency goes beyond what that would mean for advancing his global - warming agenda .
" The Assault on Reason , " she says , shows that he 's thinking big about the future of the United States and the world .
The book lays out not just a blistering indictment of the Bush administration but also a critique of America 's entire political system , including blame for the media and their obsession with trivia .
Perhaps the only way for Gore to shut down the draft effort once and for all is to make an endorsement in the presidential race .
He recently told the Harvard - focused magazine 02138 that he would endorse a Democrat .
But more recently he told CNN that he was not sure .
Political analysts would be surprised if he were to endorse Sen.
Hillary Rodham Clinton , given the tensions during their time together in her husband 's administration .
An endorsement of her top rival , Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois , or another Democrat would make for a big headline but probably would not have a huge impact on the race .
Some analysts say endorsements do n't mean a lot in the presidential sphere .
In local races , " they can give a candidate a base level of credibility , but Barack Obama and John Edwards do n't need credibility from Al Gore , " says unaffiliated Democratic pollster Mark Mellman .
Another possibility for Gore would be to run for president in 2012 , if a Republican wins the White House next year .
With more than a nod to NASA and James Dyson , French designer Mathieu Lehanneur 's Bel - Air purifying system uses plants to keep the atmosphere inside your house clean from nasty pollutants .
The pint - sized air - filtration system acts as a miniature greenhouse , stripping the benzene , formaldehyde and trichloroethylene from inside your home using three natural filters .
Advertisement
The Bel - Air uses the leaves and roots of the plant and a humid bath to strip the pollutants from the air and purify it .
The idea came from plant research done by NASA back in the Eighties when they were looking for a way to keep their astronauts safe from the polymer - saturated environment found in space travel .
Advertisement
Lehanneur developed the filter - free filter alongside Harvard scientist David Edwards , and describes his invention as being " to the American and Asiatic common filter appliances what Dyson is to regular vacuum cleaners . "
The Bel - Air is currently available as a prototype , and is expected to go into production in 2009 , but Lehanneur would like buyers to test his machine and report back so that the finished article will be even better .
You will be able to see it at MoMA in New York in February 2008 , as part of the Design and the Elastic Mind exhibition .
[ Dezeen ]
Police have pulled over this man and he is in a very bad way ....
Anarchist Mom
I first met Liz Seymour some 20 years ago .
She lived then in the same house where she now lives , in Greensboro , N.C .
She was ( and still is ) roughly ten years older than me , a Smith grad with a bohemian streak who wrote freelance articles for national magazines and newspapers , often about the home furnishings industry that had a strong presence in the N.C. piedmont .
I never fell completely out of touch with her — it ’s a long story , for another time perhaps — but it was n’t until her daughter Isabel came to New York as a Columbia student that I really got reconnected .
That ’s because Isabel had made an interesting lifestyle choice : she had become an anarchist .
I first became aware of this when Isabel was arrested for her role in “ disrupting ” the 2000 Republican National Convention in Philadelphia .
Isabel was about 19 or 20 at the time .
She wrote her family a heartfelt essay , her version of “ Letter from Birmingham Jail , ” explaining why she had come to dislike and / or distrust government and capitalism in particular .
It was a very compelling letter , eschewing anger for explanation , wide - eyed but hardly naive .
It was so compelling , in fact , that Isabel won an unlikely convert to her anarchist cause : her own mom , Liz .
At the time , I was researching a book on the psychology of money .
I interviewed Isabel extensively about her life and philosophy , and realized she ’d make a good chapter .
When I learned that her mom had also been won over , I knew that the chapter would be even better .
So when Isabel graduated from Columbia , I volunteered to drive her and all her stuff back to Greensboro and spend a few days in Liz Seymour ’s house in Greensboro , which by that time she had turned into an anarchist collective .
It was a very interesting few days , to say the least .
I went dumpster diving for food with mom and daughter ; hung out as they cooked up dinner for their Food Not Bombs charity ; interviewed the roaming cast of characters that came through Liz ’s home , most of them young and punky and pissed off at someone or other .
All of them tried to live as far off the grid of capitalism as they could .
Sometimes this meant shoplifting or bartering or hitchhiking .
A few of them participated in medical trials down in Research Triangle Park that paid a lot of money for a few days of swallowing pills and powders that they were assured would n’t do them much damage .
The weirdest disconnect for me was that I was closing an article for the Times over the phone that week , a piece about youngish inheritors and how the flood of money changes their lives .
( This , too , was part of my research for the psychology of money book . )
And here I was in an anarchist enclave where the inheritance had traveled in the opposite direction : Isabel had turned middle - class Liz into Anarchist Mom .
A few weeks after that reporting trip to Greensboro , I took another reporting trip , this time to Chicago to meet an economist named Steve Levitt .
I hoped he too might fit into my psychology of money book , though I doubted it , since his research had almost nothing to do with money .
But it turned out even better than that : that trip to Chicago begat what came to be known as Freakonomics .
Sadly , the original book was put on the backburner and , eventually , abandoned .
Of all the reporting and research I did for that book , the anarchist story was easily among the strongest .
The way things look now , I am pretty sure I will never write it up .
But here ’s the good news : Liz Seymour , Anarchist Mom herself , has started a blog , and is working toward writing a book of her own .
She is a wonderful writer , and I am sure her book will tell the story far better than I ever could have .
She is such a good writer that you may find her blog enjoyable even if her politics make you uncomfortable .
You cannot help but learn a lot from reading it , and you cannot help but think a lot .
I hope Liz hurries up and finishes her book , because I can’t wait to see her and her band of anarchists on Oprah .
The Clintons ' Real Trouble with Truth Hollywood mogul David Geffen touched a raw nerve with Hillary Clinton when he told New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd that “ everybody in politics lies , but they [ the Clintons ] do it with such ease , it ’s troubling . ”
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly The Clintons ’ trouble with truth , however , is not just the petty political lying nor is it their quibbling over what “ is is ” or what “ mistake ” means .
It ’s that they have never shown any real reverence for the truth .
Too often , they see it as something to be traded away for a transitory tactical advantage .
If a future historian is ever to understand what happened to the United States in this era – how the world ’s greatest power so disastrously lost its way – that scholar should look back to the first Clinton - Bush transition in 1992 - 93 , when Bill Clinton could have grasped a unique historical moment but did n’t .
Clinton was the first U.S. President to take office after the end of the Cold War .
He could have ordered a long - needed historical review of what nine U.S. presidents had done , often behind opaque cloaks of government secrecy .
This review also could have assessed what damage those decades of secrecy , propaganda and deception had done to the core values of the American Republic .
By revealing the truth , both the good and the bad , Clinton could have helped restore vibrancy to the democratic process by giving the voters the means to again be an informed electorate .
Yet , even if Clinton did n’t want to spend the political capital that creation of a grand truth commission might have required , he still could have cooperated with three key investigations that were underway at the end of 1992 .
Special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh was still battling the cover - up that had surrounded the Iran - Contra scandal of the 1980s ; Democratic congressmen were digging into the “ Iraqgate ” scandal , the covert supplying of dangerous weapons to Iraq ’s Saddam Hussein in the 1980s ; and a House task force was suddenly inundated with evidence pointing to Republican guilt in the “ October Surprise ” case , alleged interference by the Reagan - Bush campaign in 1980 to undermine President Jimmy Carter ’s efforts to free 52 American hostages then held in Iran .
Combined , those three investigations could have rewritten the history of the 1980s , exposing serious wrongdoing by Republicans who had held the White House for a dozen years .
The full story also would likely have terminated the presidential ambitions of the powerful Bush family , since George H.W. Bush was implicated in all three scandals .
After winning in November 1992 , however , Bill Clinton and the leaders of the Democratic majorities in Congress did n’t care enough about the truth to fight for it .
Heeding advice from influential fixers like Vernon Jordan , Clinton and the congressional Democrats turned their backs on those investigations .
Easy Exit Clinton agreed to let George H.W. Bush retreat gracefully into retirement despite Bush ’s brazen attempt to destroy Walsh ’s criminal investigation by issuing six pardons to Iran - Contra defendants on Christmas Eve 1992 .
In his 2004 memoirs , My Life , Clinton wrote that he “ disagreed with the pardons and could have made more of them but did n’t . ”
Clinton cited several reasons for giving his predecessor a pass .
“ I wanted the country to be more united , not more divided , even if that split would be to my political advantage , ” Clinton wrote .
“ Finally , President Bush had given decades of service to our country , and I thought we should allow him to retire in peace , leaving the matter between him and his conscience . ”
By his choice of words , Clinton revealed how he saw information – not something that belonged to the American people and that had intrinsic value to the democratic process – but as a potential weapon that could be put to “ political advantage . ”
On the Iran - Contra pardons , Clinton saw himself as magnanimously passing up this club that he could have wielded to bludgeon an adversary .
He chose instead to join in a cover - up in the name of national unity , presumably with the hope of some reciprocity from the Republicans when his own secrets might need sweeping under the rug .
Similarly , the Democratic congressional leadership ignored the flood of incriminating evidence pouring into the “ October Surprise ” task force in December 1992 .
Chief counsel Lawrence Barcella urged task force chairman Lee Hamilton to extend the investigation several months to examine this new evidence of Republican guilt , but Hamilton ordered Barcella simply to wrap the probe up .
Some of that evidence – including an unprecedented report from the Russian government about its knowledge of illicit Republican contacts with Iran – was simply hidden away in boxes that I discovered two years later and dubbed “ The October Surprise X - Files . ”
The “ Iraqgate ” investigation met a similar fate under the Clinton administration , as evidence of covert shipments of dangerous war materiel to Saddam Hussein in the 1980s was ignored or treated with disdain .
When former Reagan administration official Howard Teicher came forward with an affidavit describing secret U.S. - backed arms shipments to Iraq , Clinton officials went on the offensive – against Teicher , bullying him into silence .
Clinton seemed so determined to prove his mettle to the insider crowd in Washington , as a guy who knew how to keep the secrets , that his cover-ups of Reagan - Bush - era misdeeds were almost as aggressive as those mounted by the Republicans when they held the White House .
[ For details , see Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
No Radar Early in Clinton ’s presidency , I approached then - deputy White House chief of staff John Podesta and other senior officials to ask about their plans for pursuing important historical investigations that had been left undone in 1993 .
I was told those issues simply were n’t “ on the radar scopes . ”
However , if Clinton thought that his collaboration in keeping the Reagan - Bush secrets from the American people would earn him a measure of protection from Republicans , he was mistaken .
Freed from having to defend Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush , right - wing media outlets went on the attack against Clinton , seizing on petty issues like his Whitewater real estate deal and launching endless investigations designed to cripple his presidency .
Only during his second term did Clinton agree to declassify limited quantities of Cold War records , such as those pertaining to the brutal U.S. - supported counterinsurgency campaigns in Guatemala .
A Guatemalan truth commission had requested the documents , which revealed U.S. complicity in genocide against Mayan Indians in the 1980s .
But Bill Clinton never ordered a major declassification project , nor did he establish any U.S. truth commissions to put the Cold War history in a meaningful context .
To Clinton , truth never seemed to be a high priority , either in his private life or in his public duties .
Ironically , Bill Clinton ’s protection of the Reagan - Bush administrations did n’t protect him .
Clinton saw his prized domestic agenda , including Hillary Clinton ’s health care reform , defeated ; his party lose control of Congress in 1994 ; the House vote to impeach him ; and his Vice President , Al Gore , have the 2000 election stolen from him .
Then , once the Bush family again controlled the White House , one of the first acts of the new President , George W. Bush , was to sign an executive order ensuring that Reagan - Bush - era historical records , scheduled for release in 2001 , stayed locked up , possibly forever .
Based on this pattern of events , it could be said that Republicans value the power of information – even as they work to hide or distort it – while Democrats may say they appreciate reality but then act as if truth were a mere chip to be bargained cheaply away .
David Geffen may not have had Bill Clinton 's sacrifice of historical truth in mind when he chastised the Clintons for their ease with political lying .
The direct context of his remark was President Clinton ’s decision before leaving office in 2001 to forego a pardon for American Indian activist Leonard Peltier while granting one to international businessman Marc Rich .
“ Marc Rich getting pardoned ?
An oil - profiteer expatriate who left the country rather than pay taxes or face justice ? ”
Geffen fumed in his interview with Maureen Dowd .
“ Yet another time when the Clintons were unwilling to stand for the things that they genuinely believe in .
Everybody in politics lies , but they do it with such ease , it ’s troubling . ”
[ NYT , Feb. 21 , 2007 ]
While Geffen 's remark may have been harsh , it does appear to be the case that the Clintons value truth only to the degree that it does n’t require them to show political courage .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Secrecy & Privilege : Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq , can be ordered at secrecyandprivilege.com .
It 's also available at Amazon.com , as is his 1999 book , Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth . '
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
baleen - 2007-12-06
Man , atheists are worse than Jews !
Did you see how he tried to weasel out of drink duty ?
IrishWhiskey - 2007-12-06
Man .... those guys are Douchebags !!
I mean , what the hell ?
He just says he does n't believe , and you blow up in his face like he personally insulted you , and then get everyone in the office to screw with him .
Like Jesus would have done I guess .
Emcee - 2007-12-06
Needs " that rapture thing " tag .
Also , I knew it was n't a real rapture because everyones clothes would be left behind , too .
Xenocide - 2007-12-06
" See ?
I PROVED the rapture is real , by faking it ! "
Everyone in that office is an incredible asshole .
Also : maybe this should be a Brain Disorder entry , because I can't think of any other way that coffee shop guy could have heard " I 'll take two cherry turnovers " as " I do n't believe in God . "
glenn - 2007-12-08
- 2007-12-08 He recognized his smug atheist accent , duh .
Rodents of Unusual Size - 2007-12-06
" ... and two cherry turnovers "
" You do n't believe in God ? "
I laughed my ass off to that .
In fact , this entire thing is a commercial against Christianity if ever I saw one .
Hahahaha , just another appropriate day at the office as we humiliate and spiritually annhilate the guy that does n't believe our myth story , hahaha who wants punch !
RomancingTrain - 2007-12-06
- 2007-12-06 I Want punch .
You like punch ?
I like punch !
I like punch too !
dead_cat - 2007-12-06
It would make an excellent ad for , say , Monster.com , or some other job - search website .
Just paste in the logo right after he finds out all his co-worker are ridiculous assholes .
bac - 2008-01-02 actually
I 've worked at two coffee shops and at each one the employees where told that whenever someone ordered two cherry turnovers you had to respond with " you do n't believe in God ? " if they ordered one cherry turnover you had to throw it at them and scream " YOU MURDERED MY LORD !!! "
bopeton - 2008-05-26
- 2008-05 -26 Seriously , wtf was that about ?
eatenmyeyes - 2007-12-06
rapture thing
Brautwurst_Barbarian - 2007-12-06
Even with his slicked - back hair , the atheist does n't seem as big a douche bag as the Christians .
Knuckles - 2007-12-06
Man , living through the rapture would be awesome .
Think of all the free stuff people would leave behind !
I mean , yeah , 1,000 years of tribulation , rivers of blood , the battle on the hill of megiddo ... but at least we 'll have Wiis and iPods to pass the time with .
Also , this video is proof why every airplane should have at least one atheist or heathen jew at the helm .
Adramelech - 2007-12-06
There are a number of things wrong with this video even if you ignore the awful religious propaganda angle .
Would you expect someone working at a church to pick up the phone when you just realized that all Christians have disappeared ?
What circumstances would lead to a 2 year - old child being a " true believer " while her mother is not ?
And apparently cherry turnovers are only ordered by atheists .
Hooper_X - 2007-12-06
- 2007-12-06 I 'm not sure , but I think this guy could probably find a lawyer who'd file a religious discrimination suit against that company .
Hooper_X - 2007 - 12-06 posted in the wrong reply box - anyway , during That Rapture Thing , children , who are morally innocent until they 're old enough to know better , will all get magically whisked away alongside the decent , god fearin ' folk .
Xenocide - 2007-12-06
But goodness can't save you !
The only thing that can save you is accepting Jesus Christ as your personal savior , and a two year old is n't capable of comprehending that idea .
When the rapture comes , the toddlers are gonna BURN .
the Snake - 2007-12-06
She never paid him for that turnover .
Stopheles - 2007-12-06
- 2007-12-06
And he did n't specify " no icing " on either one .
Aelric - 2007-12-06
it 's like the most retarded ' outer limits ' twist ending ever .
Benzene265 - 2007-12-06
Christians must like sugar highs .
Fruit punch is like drinking a gallon of corn syrup in a 16 oz bottle .
Also , my first reaction to a mysterious disappearance would be to call the police .
Corman's Inferno - 2008-05-26
- 2008-05 -26 Showing genuine human concern is cause for hostility , but wishing non-Christians ( re : foreigners ) to burn in a hellish nightmare world is the good , honest thing to do .
No wonder I became an agnostic .
Quad9 Damage - 2007-12-06
Instigating a company - wide lie put the hell bound nonbeliever in his place ?
How Christian .
And God help me , the Drawn Together clip at the end was kind of funny .
Yellow Lantern - 2007-12-06
So Christians believe that all atheists are Australian Matthew McConaugheys ?
futurebot - 2007-12-06
I want to see the opposite of this sketch , where an elaborate office prank convinces the Christian employee that God is dead .
SolRo - 2007-12-06
- 2007 -12-06 tempting , since every office seems to have that crazy christian with god posters in their cube and turns up the right wing radio .
IrishWhiskey - 2009-01 -26
I want to see they one where they treat a Jew or Catholic the same way .
Turn it from a propaganda film , to one of those workplace warning videos about discrimination lawsuits .
Bort - 2009-04-04
- 2009-04-04
Or just do the very same thing to someone who already believes in the Rapture .
Unlike Australian Owen Wilson , they already believe in the Rapture , and you 'll just be convincing them that they were n't good enough to make the cut .
jesustweak - 2007-12-06
Greasy
Oz should simply ask the smug Xians if their god was powerful enough to keep someone from peeing in their fruit punch ...
Hypothetical question of course .
Frank Rizzo - 2007-12-06
you can tell he's an atheist because of his atheist accent .
Rudy - 2007-12-06
Hey , I like fruit punch too ...
...AND THE UNCONDITIONAL LOVE OF OUR LORD AND SAVIOR JESUS CHRIST !
wtf japan - 2007-12-06
Is Christian # 1 doing the Gob voice ?
This is what happens when fundies pay a Jewish production team to make their propaganda for them .
Some of this hilarity has to be intentional .
glasseye - 2007-12-06
" You 're gonna leap off this planet like metal drawn to a magnet "
Heh .
Someone does n't understand magnetism .
glasseye - 2007-12-06
- 2007-12-06
And holy shit , these christians are assholes .
halon - 2007-12-06
Wow , the pastor at the beginning looks almost EXACTLY like Scott Thompson from Kids in the Hall .
SPOOKY .
Scrotum H. Vainglorious - 2007-12-06
Smug bastards those Christians .
I thought they were supposed to forgive .
Maggot Brain - 2007-12-06
Man , what a bunch of dicks .
Aubrey McFate - 2007-12-06
Every Christian in this has such snideful hate in their voice .
I do n't think all ( or any ) of it is acting .
Gotta love that last line .
BUM BUM BUUUM !
Hooker - 2007-12-07
The look of hate and disgust in the lead Fundy 's face is totally the best part of this .
ChocFullOfFunk - 2007-12-07
Four of my five stars are for the Christ doll mishap at the end .
That is exactly how I always envisioned the compassionate savior of mankind sounding .
Beyonce Knowles - 2007-12-11
Such complete and utter assholery .
I am amazed .
John Holmes Motherfucker - 2007-12-13
Actually , the rapture took place in 1982 .
All sincere and honest Christians were swept into Heaven , and there were so few of them that no one noticed .
IrishWhiskey - 2007 -12-29
Why would you one star this ?!?
C'mon !
Olaf the Unspeakable - 2007 - 12-27
Ha ha !
We made you think it was the apocalypse !
bac - 2008-01-02
that rapture thing is actually never mentioned in the bible .
charmlessman - 2008-01-11
If fruit punch some sort of codeword for " Fuck with the Owen Wilson guy ? "
Hey Sally , how about some ...
FRUIT PUNCH * wink *
Why yes , Kyle , I 'd love some ...
FRUIT PUNCH * wink *
Go find out of Steve in accounting wants to fake the rapt ... er , some FRUIT PUNCH too .
* wink *
RockBolt - 2008-01-18
" You see , the rapture is when people disappear from earth to meet with god in the clouds ! "
" Can you maybe back that up with something ? "
" KEEP MOCKING YOU HATEFUL ATHEIST DOUCHEBAG , MOCK EVERYTHING .
I'LL BET YOU'RE SCARED OF THIS CONCEPT YOU FIRST HEARD OF 12 SECONDS AGO .
YEAH , FUCK YOU YOU STUPID JERK .
YOU'RE GOING TO DIE , HAHA buy me a fruit punch . "
phalsebob - 2008-01-26
What is this from ?
I must see the whole thing !
boyghost - 2008-02-15
" The rapture is the next big thing on God 's calendar .
Right after taking all the souls of aborted fetuses to Chuck E Cheese . "
Giant Speck - 2008-02-18
What office full of people pulls a religious prank on someone and then does n't stick around to laugh and humiliate them ?
Did you see how fast they left ?
FAIL .
crayondisaster - 2008-02-20
What self - respecting person older than 8 orders apple juice or fruit punch ?
Will someone please throw a phone book at Matthew McConaughey ?
hentaiwolf - 2008-03-02
I know this is old , but I love how they appear to be a magazine company with the name " Both Sides " .
And someone must have put a lot of work into making those posters .
I wish I could make more of them out .
spork865 - 2008-05-07
That skeptic was a better person than any of those religious assholes .
He did n't punch any of them .
thekidinthehelmet - 2008-08-18
The whole clip was actually funded by the American Fruit Prunch Bottlers Coalition .
Geoff Marr - 2008-08-22
" Pretend you 're eating a banana ! "
Syd Midnight - 2008-08-25
The Rapture would convince me that superior extraterrestrial life exists , and has just harvested a segment of society to power whatever monstrous psychic batteries power their spaceship .
I 'd work to innoculate future generations against such a fate , to prevent them being devoured by that looming galactic horror .
Occam 's Razor and all .
Thanksgiving is The Rapture for turkeys .
quantumcreep - 2008-08-28
Who the fuck is that old guy at the beginning ?
The janitor ?
And does anyone else here ( not raised in a fundie church ) ever remember hearing jack about this bullshit ten years ago ?
God damn it .
It 's a fucking cult that 's running our government ( I just watched the Mike Huckabee " Call from God " video too , and I 'm pissed ) .
I wish they would all just disappear , and leave the right folk behind .
God damn fundie assholes .
" My sister does n't drink , you idiot ! "
In all honesty , my response would be identical to his .
CornOnTheCabre - 2008-09-21
OR COULD IT
nah it couldnt
lucienpsinger - 2008-11-03
HOW CAN YOU NOT KNOW MY SISTER DOESN'T DRINK ????
mumbly joe - 2008 -12-03
that poor australian owen wilson -- always saying what he should be thinking and thinking what he should be saying .
" welcome to burger king , may i take your order ? "
" yeah , i'll have a whopper with i do n't believe in god , a small religion is a lie , and a diet i'm atheist . "
mountain dew insimination - 2008 - 12-20
" That God 's blessing is overtaking you in all aspects of life "
as you sit on your ass and watch television in the middle of the day .
kingofthenothing - 2009-01-31
I have this weird thing I do with videos where I just freeze it in the middle of people talking to see the dumb looks on their faces .
0:09 is a good one .
kingofthenothing - 2009 -01-31
I just kind of stop it a lot and he does make a lot of stupid faces as he 's going on about Jesus and axels .
thebaronsdoctor - 2009-03-11
This is a parody video , right ?
RIGHT ?!
NoCode - 2009-04-06
Ha ha ha !
So they lied to their friend , even though that 's on God 's list of Top Ten Do Not Violate Rules .
He , I like fruit punch , too !!
dead_cat - 2010-07-09
Ugh , tell me somebody downloaded this .
I 'm not having any luck at all finding it anywhere online .
Six seniors at the Sedgebrook retirement community gathered in the lounge after dinner as the holiday season was getting under way last year .
The residents at the center , about 20 miles north of Chicago , were an unlikely test audience for the season 's hottest toys .
The plan : determine which toys to give the grandchildren for the holidays .
The assumption was that they 'd give their grandchildren the toys they approved .
But it did n't quite turn out that way .
The Nintendo Wii was so popular that the residents clamored for their own .
Today , all of the Erickson chain retirement communities in the US own at least one Wii .
Other retirement communities and municipal senior centers in recent months have followed , many using wellness grants and public funds to pay for the video - game system .
Nintendo scrambled to tap this demographic .
Proponents say the Wii offers a welcome reprieve from a sedentary lifestyle , and boosts hand - eye coordination among the over - 60 set in a way that Bingo and Mahjong can't .
However , some find that when it comes to the Wii , which retails for about $ 250 , money is less a problem than getting comfortable with the game .
Many retirement communities that purchased the games are encouraging hesitant seniors with tournaments , trophies , and cash prizes .
Some centers are placing their Wiis in high - traffic areas where seniors congregate , or for the bashful , behind a moveable privacy screen .
The idea to target senior citizens
Nintendo started pursuing the senior demographic in 2006 with the launch of its Nintendo DS " Brain Age " game , which the company says stimulates cognitive abilities .
The idea to reach out to seniors originated in Japan , where the population is aging more rapidly than in the US , says George Harrison , senior vice president of marketing and corporate communications with Nintendo of America , Inc .
" We had to approach people who were not previously video - gamers , " he says .
Nintendo found that two things had kept seniors from playing video games .
First , the games were too complicated to operate .
" The other thing was that there really were n't games for these people , " Harrison says .
That 's where the easy to use Wii comes in , he says .
Twenty - four percent of Americans over age 50 played video games in 2007 , up from 9 percent in 1999 , according to the Entertainment Software Association .
People age 55 and older make up less than 10 percent of Nintendo hardware sales .
That 's a slight increase from about four years ago when the previous generation of game consoles were at their peak , Mr. Harrison says .
Seniors have " opened up the aperture of people who previously would 've not considered themselves to be gamers , " he says .
Nintendo has been bolstering its senior - friendly image , partnering with retirement communities , including Erickson , which has received 15 free Wiis .
At the October conference of the American Association of Homes and Services for the Aging in Orlando , Fla. , Nintendo and Erickson had a booth with four plasma TVs and four lanes for bowling .
" We were just showcasing how residents in this type of environment could interact with the Wii , " says Flora Dierbach , chairwoman of Sedgebrook 's entertainment committee and a resident there .
The conference drew more than 7,000 people .
" We had everybody there at one point or another .
It was the busiest booth , " she says .
Several times a week Sedgebrook holds
Wii bowling nights , which begin after dinner and usually wrap up three hours later – unless the competition gets fierce .
Most centers report that bowling is the hands - down favorite of the Wii game system , which also comes with golf , baseball , tennis , and boxing .
" It 's very addictive , " Ms. Dierbach says .
" Once you get your first 200 game , you 've just got to keep going . "
How to introduce Wii to the retired
Others do n't quite have that problem .
The Winona Senior Friendship Center in Winona , Mn. , purchased the Wii this year with city money but , Malia Storovich , the center 's director , says , " A lot of them come in for tai chi or yoga and then go home . "
She adds , " We think that we 're going to have to market it a little more .
We might have to do tournaments . "
One hurdle , Ms. Storovich says , is that people are n't sure how to work it , so she recently had her staff draft some large - print instructions .
The Wabash County Council on Aging in Indiana used a county grant to buy its
Wii this fall .
Officials plan a launch party where teenagers – seasoned video - gamers – will be guides , says Beverly Ferry , the council 's executive director .
" We 'll probably give a prize of some kind to everybody who tries it , " she says .
In Allentown , Pa. , 200 to 300 people arrive at the Lehigh County Senior Center daily for pursuits ranging from orchestra to ceramics .
The center unveiled its
Wii this fall and put it in the lunchroom .
" They 've got time to hang out there , " says Rick Daugherty , executive director of the center .
The Wii is n't always a hub of activity – that is , until Eddie Smith , a former lightweight boxer from Philadelphia , fires it up and begins to throw punches on the Wii 's boxing game .
" They watch me doing it , and I get a big crowd there , " says Mr. Smith , a patron and part - time employee of the center .
" Next thing you know , somebody will want to play . "
For Smith , the game and the spectators offer an adrenaline rush that he has n't experienced in decades .
" When I score a knockdown , it actually feels like I 'm going through it again .
It 's a good feeling , " he says .
" I imagine the people using this , it gives them self - confidence . "
Plus , Smith says , it 's a good workout , though not without its perils .
" Jabbing and hooking , you 've got to be careful , " he says .
" You can throw your arm out of whack . "
Mr. Daugherty , himself an enthusiast of the boxing game , is grateful that " nobody 's gotten injured , " he says .
Smith says he 's eager for Daugherty to buy a second video - game controller in hopes of a challenger .
" I 'll be glad when Rick gets the part where two people can box .
Then I 'm going to knock Rick out , " Smith says , adding , " on TV , of course . "
Researchers at McGill University ’s Montreal Neurological Institute ( MNI ) have pinpointed the previously unknown part of the human brain responsible for perceiving and storing ordered visual information .
This capacity is fundamental to high - level planning and is unique to humans and other primates like monkeys and chimpanzees , said study co-author Dr. Michael Petrides , director of the MNI ’s Neuropsychology / Cognitive Neuroscience Unit .
" Our capacity to plan and manipulate information in the mind is dependent on our ability to take in the precise order of things . " continued Petrides .
" Dogs and cats and rats and squirrels have a lot of memory capacity , but their brains probably do not have the ability to capture the precise order of sequences of items .
Approximate order is perceived based on salient features such as the stronger impression of the most recently seen item . "
The study , co-authored by postdoctoral research fellow Céline Amiez and Petrides , was pre-published online in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences during the week of August 13 .
In the study , seventeen volunteer test subjects were scanned using functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) as they were shown sequences of abstract black and white images .
" Immediately after they were shown the first sequence of images , they were shown the first and the second image or the third and the first and so on . " explained Petrides .
" Then they had to make a judgment about which image came earlier . "
The researchers monitored activity within the brain during performance of this task and thus were able to localize the specific area within the mid-dorsolateral prefrontal cortex ( DLPFC ) responsible for taking in and maintaining the precise order of visual stimuli or events perceived by the observer .
The abstract Mondrian - like designs used in the study were chosen specifically because they could not be easily verbalized , to filter out the effects of verbal memory .
" We wanted to study the capacity of the mind to hold things that you do not put into your verbal memory , " said Petrides .
" Interestingly , this capacity is not very large .
If you can put the items into words , you can manage seven or eight , but if they 're abstract visuals , it 's more like four or five . "
Though the study was conducted from a pure research perspective , some practical spin - offs can be expected , said Petrides .
Their findings are relevant to the understanding of neurological problems like attention deficit disorder , and the study 's methodology can be used to assist surgeons to map and avoid the area during surgical procedures .
Source : McGill University
In any language , Sonja Elen Kisa was depressed .
The world was overwhelming , and the thoughts that swirled through her mind in French , English , German or Esperanto echoed that .
So Kisa , 28 , a student and translator in Toronto , decided to create her own language , something simple that would help clarify her thinking .
She called it Toki Pona -- “ good language ” -- and gave it just 120 words .
“ Ale li pona , ” she told herself .
“ Everything will be OK . ”
Advertisement
Kisa eventually sorted through her thoughts and , to her great surprise , her little language took off , with more than 100 speakers today , singing Toki Pona songs , writing Toki Pona poems and chatting with Toki Pona words .
It ’s all part of a weirdly Babel - esque boom of new languages .
Once the private arena of J.R.R.
Tolkien , Esperanto speakers and grunting Klingon fanatics , invented languages have flourished on the Internet and begun creeping into the public domain .
The website Langmaker.com lists more than 1,000 language inventors and 1,902 made - up languages , from ‘ Ayvárith to Zyem .
The language inventors have , of course , created a word to describe what they do -- “ conlang , ” short for constructed languages .
Advertisement
The awareness of invented languages has been driven in part by their use in popular films , such as Ku , a fictional “ African ” language spoken by Nicole Kidman in the 2005 film “ The Interpreter . ”
Created languages may have no hope of supplanting the real thing , but for most conlangers , that is hardly the goal .
Hobbyists like Kisa find it a fun or therapeutic practice .
Linguists can use conlangs to dissect how real language works .
For a select few who write fiction or work for Hollywood , conlanging can even be a moneymaker .
But to most linguaphiles , conlangs are simply art .
Their palette holds not paints but the buzz of the letter “ z , ” the hiss of an “ s , ” the trill of an Italian “ r . ”
And sometimes the howl of a Klingon scream : “ Hab SoSlI ’ Quch ! ”
Advertisement
“ Your mother has a smooth forehead ! ”
--
In this realm of art , Toki Pona is white canvas with scattered brushstrokes of primary colors .
Kisa created Toki Pona as an exercise in minimalism , looking for the core vocabulary that is necessary to communicate .
Advertisement
With only 120 words , a Toki Pona speaker must combine words to express more complicated ideas .
For example , the Toki Pona phrase for “ friend ” is jan pona ( the “ j ” sounds like a “ y ” ) , literally “ good person . ”
Kisa , who is studying speech language therapy , tried to focus Toki Pona ’s vocabulary on basic , positive concepts .
“ It has sort of a Zen or Taoist nature to it , ” Kisa said .
Tolkien liked to call invented language his “ secret vice . ”
He spent hours at the solitary hobby , designing grammars and modifying words from Latin , Finnish , Welsh and others for his languages .
Advertisement
Eventually , his languages needed tongues to speak them , and those speakers needed a place to live .
And thus Middle - earth was born , with Tolkien ’s languages becoming the Sindarin and Quenya of the elves , the Khuzdul of the dwarves , and the Black Speech of the orcs .
People have been inventing languages since at least the 12th century , when the nun Hildegard of Bingen developed a rudimentary conlang she called Lingua Ignota , Latin for “ unknown language . ”
No one knows its purpose .
All that survives is a short passage and a list of 1,012 terms arranged from the highest form , “ God , ” to the lowest , “ cricket . ”
None of the invented languages has had much sticking power except Esperanto , which was created in the late 19th century by Polish doctor Ludovic Zamenhof .
Advertisement
His dream was to give humanity a common international language that would be simple to learn .
Esperanto ’s vocabulary is small , word order does not matter , and there are no irregular verbs .
“ Gi estas iom lingvo idealisma , ” said William B. Harris , director of the central office of the Esperanto League for North America in California .
“ It ’s somewhat of an idealistic language . ”
Today , as many as 2 million people speak Esperanto , which conlangers call an “ auxlang , ” or auxiliary language .
Among them are about 1,000 native speakers , who learned the language as children .
Learning is the easy part .
Actually creating a language is a task only for the very tenacious .
It took Kisa a year to put hers together , and her language was built to be basic .
Advertisement
It is not enough to simply replace existing words with invented ones .
To a conlanger , such a construction would be a mere code .
The conlanger considers many factors , starting with the sound of the language .
Linguists call it phonaesthetics ; Germans call it Sprachgefühl -- “ speech feeling . ”
Tricky to define , it ’s that certain quality that makes French the language of love , and German the language that “ makes you want to conquer Poland , ” said John Quijada , a Sacramento website developer and creator of Ithkuil , who attended an invented language conference at UC Berkeley this summer .
Advertisement
If the conlang is to be a language for nonhumans , the conlanger also must consider their biology -- if speakers lack teeth or vocal cords , the language ’s sounds will be constrained accordingly .
The conlanger must then ponder the grammar .
For example , will the word order be subject - verb - object , as in English , or perhaps object - subject - verb , following the example of Yoda ?
There are rules to this game .
Human languages -- known as “ natlangs , ” for natural languages -- follow universal linguistic patterns .
For example , very few human languages use the raspberry sound , but all have an “ ah ” sound .
To create a pseudo - natlang , the conlanger also should follow those rules .
Of course , there are instances when one does n’t want to follow the rules .
In creating Klingon for “ Star Trek , ” Marc Okrand , 59 , said , “ I looked at all those kinds of rules and then violated them on purpose . ”
Advertisement
He chose the rarest of grammatical structures , object - verb - subject .
A Klingon would say , “ The Enterprise boarded I . ” And Okrand purposely picked sounds that would never be found together in the same human language .
All this has added up to one alien manner of speech .
The challenge has not deterred serious Klingonists , who number perhaps a few hundred worldwide .
Djörn X. Öqvist , 33 , a Swedish linguistics student and founder of the Klingon Academy , said you must be creative with Klingon ’s 2,600 words .
For example , he said , there is no way to say “ Park the car . ”
No problem .
Klingon speakers “ dock ” their vehicles .
Advertisement
The difference between “ park ” and “ dock ” illustrates how languages can talk about similar things but conjure subtly different images .
The phenomenon was noted by early 20th century linguists Edward Sapir and Benjamin Lee Whorf .
They proposed a theory that language had the power to broaden or constrain a speaker ’s thoughts .
That is , it is hard to think about concepts without the specific words to express them .
For Sarah Higley , 50 , an English professor at the University of Rochester , the language she created when she was 10 had the power to conjure a private universe .
She created a language she called Teonaht ( TAY - oh - noth ) for a race of winged felines , in a universe that was uniquely her own .
Teonaht gave her words for her own personal feelings , the thoughts that no one else could ever fully appreciate .
“ It was a way to access a spiritual world that I did n’t want to share with anybody , ” she said .
Advertisement
In 1955 , sociologist James Cooke Brown came up with an idea to test the Sapir - Whorf hypothesis .
He would train students in a new language and look at how their thinking changed .
He knew he could not use a natlang -- it would be impossible to separate language from the influence of culture .
One cannot learn French without , at some level , thinking about crêpes and ratatouille .
So Brown invented a cultureless language , Loglan -- short for “ logical language . ”
Just as scientists use mice as a model for the human body , Loglan would be a model language for his laboratory of thought .
Advertisement
Brown borrowed vocabulary from English , French , German , Chinese , Hindi , Spanish , Russian and Japanese -- the eight most widely spoken languages at the time .
Loglan was designed to be free of irregularity and ambiguity .
The Loglan lexicon , containing more than 10,000 words , is made up of five - letter root words and one - or two - letter modifiers .
The roots can be combined to make new words .
He included words for the mathematical Boolean variables such as “ and , ” “ or inclusive ” and “ or exclusive ” to encourage clear , logical thinking .
As it turned out , creating the language was n’t the hardest part .
Like many successful conlangers , Brown struggled to maintain control over his creation .
Advertisement
He founded the Loglan Institute in San Diego in the 1970s to bring others into the project , but then was upset when they did n’t agree with his ideas .
“ In 1984 there was a knock - down , drag - out battle over this , ” said Bob LeChevalier , 53 , who was a member at the time .
The institute fell apart , and Brown was never able to conduct his great experiment .
LeChevalier and others developed Lojban , a language built on principles identical to Loglan’s .
LeChevalier estimates there are 500 to 1,000 Lojban speakers .
Kisa too has wrestled with the growing pains of her creation .
Advertisement
Once a language is released from the notebooks and index cards of its birth , other speakers may use it for purposes its creator never intended .
Since Kisa let Toki Pona loose on the Internet in 2001 , it has spread from Toronto to speakers all over the world .
She has received e-mails from Russians learning Toki Pona and a Finnish therapist who wants to teach it to his depressed patients .
MIT routinely offers a seminar about the language .
Occasionally they offer criticism as well as praise .
Some want to express complicated thoughts in Toki Pona , running counter to its design .
Advertisement
She has given in to a few complaints .
It ’s only natural for language to evolve , she said .
“ Tenpo ni la toki pona li kama suli .
Jan mute li kepeken e ona , ” she said .
“ It ’s like a living thing now . ”
--
amber.dance@latimes.com
WASHINGTON --
By a nearly two - to - one margin , Republican voters believe free trade is bad for the U.S. economy , a shift in opinion that mirrors Democratic views and suggests trade deals could face high hurdles under a new president .
The sign of broadening resistance to globalization came in a new Wall Street Journal - NBC News Poll that showed a fraying of Republican Party orthodoxy on the economy .
While 60 % of respondents said they want the next president and Congress to continue cutting taxes , 32 % said it 's time for some tax ...
The web is constantly evolving .
New and innovative websites are being created
every day , pushing the boundaries of HTML in every direction .
HTML 4 has
been around for nearly a decade now , and publishers seeking new techniques to
provide enhanced functionality are being held back by the constraints of
the language and browsers .
Article Continues Below
To give authors more flexibility and interoperability , and enable more interactive
and exciting websites and applications , HTML 5 introduces and enhances a wide range of features including form controls , APIs , multimedia , structure , and semantics .
Work on HTML 5 , which commenced in 2004 , is currently being carried out in
a joint effort between the
W3C HTML
WG and
the WHATWG .
Many key players are participating in the W3C effort including representatives
from the four major browser vendors : Apple , Mozilla , Opera , and Microsoft ;
and a range of other organisations and individuals with many diverse interests
and expertise .
Note that the
specification is still a work in progress and quite a long
way from completion .
As such , it is possible that any feature discussed in
this article may change in the future .
This article is intended to provide
a brief introduction to some of the major features as they are in the current
draft .
HTML 5 introduces a whole set of new elements that make it much easier to
structure pages .
Most HTML 4 pages include a variety of common structures ,
such as headers , footers and columns and today , it is fairly common to mark
them up using div elements , giving each a descriptive id or class .
Diagram illustrates a typical two - column layout marked up using divs with id and class attributes .
It contains a header , footer , and horizontal navigation bar below the header .
The main content contains an article and sidebar on the right .
The use of div elements is largely because current versions of
HTML 4 lack the necessary semantics for describing these parts more specifically .
HTML 5 addresses this issue by introducing new elements for representing
each of these different sections .
The div elements can be replaced with the new elements : header , nav , section , article , aside , and footer .
The markup for that document could look like the following :
< body > < header >...</ header > < nav >...</ nav> < article > < section > ... </ section > </ article > < aside >...</ aside > < footer >...</ footer > </ body >
There are several advantages to using these elements .
When used in conjunction
with the heading elements ( h1 to h6 ) , all of these provide
a way to mark up nested sections with heading levels , beyond the six levels
possible with previous versions of HTML .
The specification includes a
detailed algorithm for generating an outline that takes the structure of these elements
into account and remains backwards compatible with previous versions .
This
can be used by both authoring tools and browsers to generate tables of contents
to assist users with navigating the document .
For example , the following markup structure marked up with nested section and h1 elements :
< section > < h1 > Level 1</h1 > < section > < h1 > Level 2</h1 > < section > < h1 > Level 3</h1 > </ section > </ section > </section >
Note that for better compatibility with current browsers , it is also possible
to make use of the other heading elements ( h2 to h6 ) appropriately in place
of the h1 elements .
By identifying the purpose of sections in the page using specific sectioning
elements , assistive technology can help the user to more easily navigate
the page .
For example , they can easily skip over the navigation section or
quickly jump from one article to the next without the need for authors to provide
skip links .
Authors also benefit because replacing many of the divs in the
document with one of several distinct elements can help make the source code
clearer and easier to author .
The header element represents the header of a section .
Headers may contain
more than just the section ’s heading — for example it would be reasonable
for the header to include sub headings , version history information or bylines .
< header > < h1 > A Preview of HTML 5</ h1 > < p class = " byline " >
By Lachlan Hunt</ p> </ header >
< header > < h1 > Example Blog</h1 > < h2 > Insert tag line here .</ h2 > </header >
The footer element represents the footer for the section it applies to .
A
footer typically contains information about its section such as who wrote it ,
links to related documents , copyright data , and the like .
< footer > © 2007 Example Inc.</footer >
The nav element represents a section of navigation links .
It is suitable
for either site navigation or a table of contents .
< nav > < ul > < li > < a href= " / " > Home </a></li> < li >< a href= " / products " > Products </a></li> < li >< a href= " / services " >
Services </a></li> < li >< a href= " / about " > About </a></li> </ul > </nav>
The aside element is for content that is tangentially related to the content
around it , and is typically useful for marking up sidebars .
< aside > < h1 > Archives </h1 > < ul > < li >< a href= " /2007/09 / " >
September 2007 </a></li > < li >< a href= " /2007/08 /" >
August
2007 </a></li > < li >< a href= " /2007/07 /" > July
2007</a></li> </ul > </aside >
The section element represents a generic section of a document or application ,
such as a chapter , for example .
< section > < h1 > Chapter 1 : The Period </ h1 > < p
>
It was the best of times , it was the worst of times , it was the age of wisdom , it was the age of foolishness , it was the epoch of belief , it was the epoch of incredulity , it was the season of Light , it was the season of Darkness , ...</ p> </section >
( Excerpt from A Tale of Two Cities )
The article element represents an independent section of a document , page
or site .
It is suitable for content like news or blog articles , forum posts
or individual comments .
< article id =" comment - 2 " > < header > < h4 > < a href= " #comment - 2 " rel= " bookmark " > Comment # 2</a > by < a href = " http://example.com/ "
>
Jack O’Niell </a></h4 > < p >< time datetime = " 2007-08-29T13:58 Z " > August 29th , 2007 at 13:58 </ time > </ header > < p > That 's another great article !
</ p> </article >
Video and audio#section4
In recent years , video and audio on the web has become increasingly viable
and sites like YouTube , Viddler , Revver , MySpace , and dozens of others are
making it easy for anyone to publish video and audio .
However , since HTML currently
lacks the necessary means to successfully embed and control multimedia itself ,
many sites are relying on Flash to provide that functionality .
Although it
is possible to embed multimedia using various plug-ins ( such as QuickTime ,
Windows Media , etc. ) ,
Flash is currently the only widely deployed plugin
that provides a cross - browser compatible solution with the desired APIs for
developers .
As evidenced by the various Flash - based media players , authors are interested
in providing their own custom - designed user interfaces , which generally allow
users to play , pause , stop , seek , and adjust volume .
The plan is to provide
this functionality in browsers by adding native support for embedding video
and audio and providing DOM APIs for scripts to control the playback .
The new video and audio elements make this really easy .
Most of the APIs
are shared between the two elements , with the only differences being related
to the inherent differences between visual and non-visual media .
Both Opera and WebKit have
released builds with partial support for the video element .
You may download
the experimental
build of Opera or a recent nightly
build of WebKit to try out these examples .
Opera includes support for Ogg
Theora and WebKit supports all the formats that are supported by QuickTime ,
including third party codecs .
The simplest way to embed a video is to use a video element and allow
the browser to provide a default user interface .
The controls attribute is
a boolean attribute that indicates whether or not the author wants this UI
on or off by default .
< video src=" video.ogv " controls poster= " poster.jpg " width = " 320 " height = " 240 " > < a href=" video.ogv " >
Download movie</a> </ video >
The optional poster attribute can be used to specify an image which will be
displayed in place of the video before the video has begun playing .
Although
there are some video formats that support their own poster frame feature , such
as MPEG - 4 , this provides an alternative solution that can work independently
of the video format .
It is just as simple to embed audio into a page using the audio element .
Most
of the attributes are common between the video and audio elements , although
for obvious reasons , the audio element lacks the width , height , and poster attributes .
< audio src=" music.oga " controls > < a href=" music.oga " > Download song</a> </audio>
HTML 5 provides the source element for specifying alternative
video and audio files which the browser may choose from based on its media type
or codec support .
The media attribute can be used to specify a
media query for selection based on the device limitations and the type attribute
for specifying the media type and codecs .
Note that when using the source elements ,
the src attribute needs
to be omitted from their parent video or audio element
or the alternatives given by the source elements will be ignored .
< video poster= " poster.jpg " > < source src=" video.3gp " type = " video/3gpp " media= " handheld " > < source src=" video.ogv " type=" video/ogg ; codecs=theora , vorbis " > < source src=" video.mp4 " type= " video/mp4 " > </ video > < audio > < source src=" music.oga " type=" audio/ogg " > < source src=" music.mp3 " type=" audio/mpeg " > </audio>
For authors who want a little more control over the user interface so that
they can make it fit the overall design of the web page , the extensive API
provides several methods and events to let scripts control the playback of the
media .
The simplest methods to use are the play ( ) , pause ( ) , and setting currentTime to rewind to the beginning .
The following example illustrates the use of these .
< video src=" video.ogg " id =" video " ></video > < script > var video = document.getElementById(" video " ) ; </ script > < p > < button type=" button " onclick=" video.play ( ) ; " > Play </ button > < button type=" button " onclick=" video.pause ( ) ; " >‖ Pause </ button > < button type=" button " onclick=" video.currentTime = 0 ; " >≪ Rewind </ button > </p>
There are many other attributes and APIs available for the video and audio
elements that have not been discussed here .
For more information , you should
consult the current
draft specification .
Document representation #section5
Unlike previous versions of HTML and XHTML , which are defined in terms of
their syntax , HTML 5 is being defined in terms of the Document Object Model
( DOM ) — the tree representation used internally by browsers to represent the
document .
For example , consider a very simple document consisting of a title ,
heading and paragraph .
The DOM tree could look something like this :
The DOM tree includes a title element in the head and h1 and p elements in the body .
The advantage of defining HTML 5 in terms of the DOM is that the language
itself can be defined independently of the syntax .
There are primarily two
syntaxes that can be used to represent HTML documents : the HTML serialisation
( known as HTML 5 ) and the XML serialisation ( known as XHTML 5 ) .
The HTML serialisation refers to the syntax that is inspired by the SGML
syntax from earlier versions of HTML , but defined to be more compatible with
the way browsers actually handle HTML in practice .
<! DOCTYPE html > < html > < head > < title > An HTML Document </ title > </head > < body > < h1 > Example</h1 > < p > This is an example HTML document .
</ body > </html >
Note that like previous versions of HTML , some tags are optional and are automatically
implied .
The XML serialisation refers to the syntax using XML 1.0 and namespaces ,
just like XHTML 1.0 .
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " > < head > < title > An HTML Document </ title > </head > < body > < h1 > Example</h1 > < p > This is an example HTML document .
</ p> </ body > </html >
Excluding differences in whitespace and the presence of the xmlns attribute ,
those two examples are equivalent .
Browsers use the MIME type to distinguish between the two .
Any document served
as text / html must conform to the requirements for the HTML serialisation
and any document served with an XML MIME type such as application / xhtml+xml must conform to the requirements for the XML serialisation .
Authors should make an informed choice about which serialisation to use ,
which may be dependent on a number of different factors .
Authors should not
be unconditionally forced to use one or the other ; each one is optimised
for different situations .
Benefits of using HTML #section6
Backwards compatible with existing browsers
Authors are already familiar with the syntax
The lenient and forgiving syntax means there will be no user - hostile “ Yellow
Screen of Death ” if a mistake accidentally slips through
Screen of Death ” if a mistake accidentally slips through Convenient shorthand syntax , e.g. authors can omit some tags and attribute values
Benefits of Using XHTML #section7
Strict XML syntax encourages authors to write well - formed markup , which
some authors may find easier to maintain
syntax encourages authors to write well - formed markup , which some authors may find easier to maintain Integrates directly with other XML vocabularies , such as SVG and MathML
vocabularies , such as and MathML Allows the use of XML Processing , which some authors use as part of their
editing and / or publishing processes
How to contribute #section8
Work on HTML 5 is rapidly progressing , yet it is still expected to continue
for several years .
Due to the requirement to produce test cases and achieve
interoperable implementations , current estimates have work finishing in around
ten to fifteen years .
During this process , feedback from a wide range of
people including , among others , web designers and developers , CMS and authoring
tool vendors , and browser vendors is vital to ensure its success .
Everyone
is not only welcome , but actively encouraged to contribute feedback on HTML5 .
In addition to the specification , there are several other related efforts
designed to help people better understand the work .
The Differences from
HTML 4 describes the changes that have occurred since
the previous version of HTML .
describes the changes that have occurred since the previous version of .
The HTML Design Principles discuss principles used to help make decisions ,
and will help you understand the rationale behind many of the current
design decisions .
Design Principles discuss principles used to help make decisions , and will help you understand the rationale behind many of the current design decisions .
The Web Developer ’s Guide
to HTML 5 , which only recently began , is being
written to help web designers and developers understand everything they
need to know to write conforming HTML 5 documents , and provide guidelines
and describe best practices .
There are numerous venues through which you may contribute .
You may join the
W3 C ’s HTML WG and subscribe / contribute
to the HTML WGmailing lists or
wiki .
You may also subscribe and
contribute to the any of the
WHATWG mailing lists , post
to the WHATWG forum , post comments or
write articles on the WHATWG
blog .
The worst - case scenario used to be that online ads are pesky , memory - draining distractions .
But a new batch of banner ads is much more sinister :
They hijack personal computers and bully users until they agree to buy antivirus software .
And the ads do their dirty work even if you do n't click on them .
The malware - spiked ads have been spotted on various legitimate websites , ranging from the British magazine The Economist to baseball 's MLB.com to the Canada.com news portal .
Hackers are using deceptive practices and tricky Flash programming to get their ads onto legitimate sites by way of DoubleClick 's DART program .
Web publishers use the DoubleClick - hosted platform to manage advertising inventory .
If you 've seen any of the ads , you may have experienced something like this :
You 're on a legitimate site .
Your browser window closes down .
A new browser window comes up , redirecting you to an antivirus site , while a dialog box comes up telling you that your computer is infected and that your hard drive is being scanned .
The malware tries to download software to your computer and scans your hard drive again .
( Here 's a – video demonstration of the rogue ads . )
The malware looks like a ordinary Flash file , with its redirect function encrypted , so that when publishers upload it , the malware is not detectable .
Once deployed on a site , the Flash file launches the malicious redirects , which appear to be triggered at preset times or at selected Web domains .
John Mark Schofield , a Los Angeles IT director , encountered the ads on Canada.com .
He thinks that because he was on a Mac OS computer , the damage was n't so severe .
" My feeling is that it would have caused me a lot more grief if I had been on a Windows computer :
It may have installed the malware .
Instead , it took over my browser , which I just fixed by exiting Firefox , " Schofield says .
DoubleClick acknowledges the malware is out there , and says it has implemented a new security - monitoring system that has thus far captured and disabled a hundred ads .
" This is an industry - wide challenge .
Unfortunately , there are bad actors who misrepresent themselves and purchase advertising as an avenue to distribute malware .
This has the potential to affect all businesses and consumers in the online environment , " says Sean Harvey , senior product manager at DoubleClick DART .
Publishers may be somewhat culpable , too .
The distributor of the malware - infected ads is believed to be AdTraff , an online - marketing company with reported ties to the Russian Business Network , a secretive internet service provider that , security firms say , hosts some of the internet 's most egregious scams .
AdTraff is believed to have posed as a legitimate advertiser , using its partners as references .
The ads were almost always paid for with credit cards or wire transfers , according to Alex Eckelberry , CEO of Sunbelt Software , a provider of security software .
" The AdTraff guys probably register at a bunch of sites – maybe more than 300 .
They say they 're advertisers .
They get the sales guys at the end of the quarter when they 're anxious to take the deal .
( AdTraff ) wires the cash , and they buy the inventory on the site , " Eckelberry says .
AdTraff could not be reached for comment .
The company lists a phone number in Germany which leads to a generic voicemail box .
Last week , I ran this contest :
Make a motivational poster for atheists !
This was the website that let you do it .
Here are the Top 10 answers ( with submitters ) !
10 |
( Richard Wade )
9 |
( Vovic )
8 |
( Richard Wade )
7 |
( Aisling Child )
6 |
( T. )
5 |
( Skeptigator )
4 |
( Mere Skepticism )
3 |
( J. J. Ramsey )
2|
( Terahertz )
1|
( Kate )
And because you just ca n’t get enough baby posters … here ’s a bonus one from Happy Nat : Heathen Dad !
Congratulations to the winners !
The top three will be receiving specially - made Friendly Atheist wristbands ( in the color of their choice ) , sent to me by blog reader Shauna and her sister Danni !
…
If you ’d like to win your own wristband , here is the new contest .
Create an atheistical haiku !
( Haiku = those short poems with lines of 5/7/5 syllables . )
Why haiku ?
Because I read this and it made me laugh .
Funny and creative answers will have a shot at winning .
Good luck !
[ tags ] atheist , atheism , contest [ / tags ]
Let me preface this post with the fact that I have been a sworn Mac user since 1995 .
Let me add that a few weeks ago I tried to use Windows just for my trip to Japan , and I bailed out after one painful day .
I even had our IT guy kill a perfectly good Thinkpad with Ubuntu I hated Vista so much .
When Leopard came out a few weeks ago ( it was a Friday ) I went to the Apple store in San Francisco to buy it immediately but got spiked until the 6 p.m. grand reveal .
So , the next day I went downtown first thing and picked up both Leopard and the new iLife .
Easy enough .
I expected a few bumps in the upgrade of the OS and the applications .
Sure enough , that happened but it was nothing major .
It has only been after a few weeks of usage that I find myself experiencing both OS and application crashes reminiscent of the mid-'90s when you had to obsessively save your work since you knew your Mac was going to crash at some point .
I was bred into a " save early , save often " Mac culture at my first job in NYC where people would occasionally lose hours worth of work .
That was then , this is now .
Or so I thought .
With the arrival of OS X much of this crash-y behavior stopped dead .
Not only was the new interface a pleasure to use , but the OS was also rock solid .
And the applications themselves seemed to crash far less .
Enter Leopard , and I now have at least one Apple brand application crash every few hours .
It seems to be primarily Mail.app and iCal , which offer some must - have features for business users -- for example , Todo 's and Notes - - that can sync across multiple computers , Blackberrys , etc .
The applications are great , except when your computer keeps crashing and your calendar gets corrupted .
I also find myself restarting multiple times a day when the OS slows to a crawl .
On Sunday , I learned the " calendar cache " lesson wherein my calendar simply would n't update even after I blew it away and restored from the backup .
And on Monday , I learned the hard way that Garage Band is highly unstable .
After a few hours of just being on GB , it starts to slow down and crashes repeatedly until I reboot .
Maybe it 's because I loaded the Remix DVD ( another $ 100 out the window ) , but the application is almost unusable and I lost my musical masterpiece .
All that said , I will still tell everyone in the world that they should use the Mac OS instead of Windows .
My Mac issues do n't even come to close to the screwiness and nightmare that Windows can be ( and usually is ) .
I just wish that Apple would focus a bit more on computers instead of iPods so that the truly devoted can stay that way .
たくさんの医療脱毛クリニックと脱毛サロンが開業している大都市 神戸。
脱毛を始めるにあたって多くの情報から自分に合った店舗を探すのは大変に感じることでしょう。
神戸で安い脱毛サロンを知りたい
医療脱毛クリニックで両ワキをキレイにしたい
アトピーでも通える脱毛店を探している
など、ほしい情報は人それぞれだと思います。
そこで本記事では、神戸でおすすめの医療脱毛クリニックと脱毛サロンの情報をまとめてみました。
ラキング形式になっているので自分に合った脱毛店がないか探してみてください。
医療脱毛クリニックと脱毛サロンの違い
脱毛には医療脱毛クリニックのレーザー脱毛と脱毛サロンの光脱毛があります。
脱毛法と効果が違 う
通う回数と期間が違 う
施術の痛みが違 う
など、多くの点が異なるので両者の違いを知ることは脱毛店を探す上で重要になります。
ここでは医療脱毛クリニックのレーザー脱毛と脱毛サロンの光脱毛の違いについて詳しく解説しておきましょう。
脱毛法と効果が違 う
医療脱毛クリニックのレーザー脱毛は患部にレーザーを照射して毛を生えさせる組織を破壊します。
そのため、1度処理した毛穴からは2度と毛が生えてこないため、レーザー脱毛には永久脱毛の効果が期待できます。
一方、脱毛サロンの光脱毛はレーザー脱毛よりは弱い出力で光を照射して毛が生える組織にダメージを与えるものです。
そのため、光脱毛には永久脱毛効果はなく抑毛・減毛効果になります。
ただ、施術回数を多めにすることで光脱毛でもツルツルになれるので脱毛効果がないわけではありません。
通う回数と期間が違 う
医療脱毛クリニックのレーザー脱毛と脱毛サロンの光脱毛は出力レベルの違いから通う回数や期間が違います。
脱毛種類 レーザー脱毛 光脱毛 脱毛完了までに必要な回数 5～8 回 10 ～ 18 回 通う期間 1年前後 1年半～2 年 半
レーザー脱毛は出力が強いので平均的な毛量で5回～8回程度でキレイになります。
光脱毛は出力が弱い分、回数が必要なので平均的な毛量なら10回～18回必要です。
そのため、短期間で脱毛を完了させたいのならレーザー脱毛が希望にあうでしょう。
ただ、光脱毛は出力が弱い分、肌へのダメージが少ないので敏感肌やアトピーでも安全に脱毛できる可能性があります。
施術の痛みが違 う
光脱毛は出力が弱いので肌に優しく痛みも少ない脱毛法です。
レーザー脱毛は少ない回数で脱毛が終わるものの、部位によっては麻酔クリームが必要になることがあります。
脱毛種類 レーザー脱毛 光脱毛 痛みの強さ 強い ほとんどない 痛みへの対処方法 麻酔クリームや笑気麻酔 ―
施術時に感じる痛みには出力レベルが関係しています。
痛みに弱いと感じる人は、出力が弱い光脱毛がストレスなく通えるでしょう。
ただ、最近はレーザー脱毛にも痛みが少ない脱毛機が開発されています。
カウンセリングでは脱毛機が試せる店舗もあるので、不安な人はテスト照射ができる脱毛店を探してみましょう。
脱毛機との相性が分かってから契約するほうが、負担なく続けることができますよ。
神戸で人気がある脱毛サロンランキング
神戸には駅から徒歩数分と通いやすい脱毛サロンがたくさんあります。
それぞれに特徴や料金設定が違うので、ここでは神戸でおすすめの脱毛サロンを10店舗ご紹介していきましょう。
神戸市内に2店舗も営業している大手脱毛サロン 銀座カラー。
全身脱毛専門店なので脱毛プランは全身をキレイにできる2種類のみです。
予約は契約した時に回数分とれるので、スケジュール通りに通えます。
今、通っている脱毛店で予約が取れない人は、乗り換え割もある銀座カラーがおすすめです。
銀座カラーの料金 表
脱毛プラン 脱毛料金 月額 （36 回払い） 全身脱 毛6回プラン 93,000 円 3,000 円 全身脱 毛6 回 +無制限メンテナンス付き 409,000 円 ⇒割引適用後289,000 円 6,300 円
銀座カラーは全身脱毛のみを取り扱う専門店です。
顔とVIOラインを含む全身を脱毛できる2種類のプランしかないので料金表が分かりやすいでしょう。
無制限メンテナンス付きプランを選べば、気になる部位を満足いくまで施術することができます。
また、銀座カラーには割引キャンペーンもあるので、上手に使えば通常料金よりも安く契約が可能です。
今ならカウンセリング当日に契約することで最大10万円安くなるキャンペーンも実施されています。
銀座カラーの口コミ評判
Miko Nakasawa5.00★★★★ ★ コンプレックスであった脱毛施術をしてきました。
安心と安全を考えて脱毛したいならここがお薦めかなと思います。
脱毛の効果は驚くほど出るのでスベスベの肌になれました。
噂通りの高い技術をもっていましたね。 三宮周辺で脱毛したいならここが一番いいと思いますね。絶対後悔はしないと思いますよ。
すがいさとこ5.00★★★★★ 神戸の元町の銀座カラーで脱毛やっています。
大手なのに料金が安くてちょっと不安だったのですが、理由を聞いて納得しました！
脱毛のエキスパートな企業なのでおまかせして安心だし、クチコミの評判がいい企業ってなかなかないですよね！
銀座カラーの店舗情 報
店舗名 銀座カラー神戸元町店 住所 〒650-0037兵庫県神戸市中央区明石町32明海ビル
6 F 電話番号 0120-360-286 定休日 年中無休 診療時間 平日12：00～21：00土日祝10：00～19：00
店舗名 銀座カラー三宮店 住所 〒650-0021兵庫県神戸市中央区三宮町1-2-1三神ビル6 F 電話番号 0120-360-286 定休日 年中無休 診療時間 平日12：00～21：00土日祝10：00～19：00
神戸市内で2店舗を営業している大手脱毛サロン キレイモ。
格安の料金で全身脱毛ができるので、若い世代を中心に人気がある脱毛サロンです。
アフターケアにもこだわり全身を引き締める効果のある特別なローションを使用しています。
施術後はモチモチ肌になると評判の脱毛ができるので、美容効果も欲しい人はキレイモを検討してみてはいかがでしょうか。
キレイモの料金 表
プラン種類 料金 全身脱毛月額制プラ ン
12,375円（1回24,750 円） 全身脱毛6 回 114,000円（1回19,000円 ） 全身脱毛10 回 186,200円（1回18,620円） 全身脱毛12 回 212,040円（1回17,670円 ） 全身脱毛18 回 290,700円（1回16,150円 ） 通い放題プラン 324,074円
キレイモは全身脱毛のみを取り扱う脱毛店です。
料金プランは月額制や回数制、通い放題まで豊富に揃っています。
月額制は2か月支払って1回通うプランなので、実質全身1回が24,750円で施術可能です。
いつでも辞められる脱毛プランなので、通う回数を自分で決めたい人に向いています。
カウンセリングではテスト照射を受けられるので、脱毛機との相性を確認してから契約できる点も大きなメリットです。
キレイモの口コミ評判
chan ramu5.00 ★★★★★ 予約がとりやすく、脱毛ライトも痛くないので通いやすいです！
ゆ ち5.00 ★★★★ ★ 数カ所脱毛サロンに通いましたがキレイモが一番効果が出て安心出来るサロンでした！
回数と期限の上限がないのもよかったです！
キレイモの店舗情 報
店舗名 キレイモ三宮駅前店 住所 兵庫県神戸市中央区琴ノ緒 町 5 - 2 - 3 アルプス ビル5 階 電話番号 0120-444-680 定休日 年中無休 診療時 間 11:00 ～21:00
店舗名 キレイモ神戸元町店 住所 兵庫県神戸市中央区三宮町3 - 3 - 2 三宮WEST ビル4 F 電話番号 0120-444-680 定休日 年中無休 診療時 間 11:00 ～21:00
三ノ宮駅から徒歩3分の好立地にあるストラッシュ三宮店。
芸能人も通っていることで有名な大手脱毛サロンです。
最新のSHR脱毛機を採用した施術で、痛みが少なく肌に優しい脱毛ができます。
脱毛プランも多く様々な通い方が自由に選べるので、忙しい人にお勧めの脱毛サロンです。
STLASSH （ストラッシュ）三宮店の料金表
脱毛プラン 料金 月額制プラン（全身脱毛 ） 月々7,980円 （1回15,960円 ） 全身脱毛6回プラン 95,760 円 全身脱毛10回プラン 154,500円 全身脱 毛12回プラン 181,800円 全身脱 毛18回プラン 262,440円 全身脱毛通い放題プラン 369,800円
ストラッシュは全身脱毛とパーツ脱毛の2種類があります。
全身脱毛はどのプランを選択しても顔とVIOを含む全身61箇所を施術できます。
価格も脱毛サロンの平均相場よりお得なので、安く全身をツルツルにしたい人におすすめです。
パーツ 脱毛部 位 Sパーツ うなじ・乳輪回り・へそ回り・ワキ・手甲指・足甲指 ・Vライン・V上・V下・Iライン・Oライン・ヒザ・おでこ・鼻下・アゴ・フェイスライン・ホホ
Lパーツ 背中上・背中下・胸・お腹・ヒジ上・ヒジ下・ヒップ・ヒザ上・ヒザ下
回数 Sパーツ Lパーツ 1 回 2,750 円 5,500 円 5 回 13,750 円 27,500 円 8 回 22,000 円 42,680 円 10 回 27,500 円 53,350 円 12 回 32,010 円 64,020 円 18 回 48,015 円 96,030 円
ストラッシュでは部分脱毛にも力を入れています。
1回ずつ都度払いができるので、まとまったお金がなくても脱毛をはじめられるでしょう。
Sパーツは1回が2,750円、Lパーツは5,500円と良心的な値段設定も魅力です。
ローンを組みたくない人や月々の支払額をコントロールしながら、自分のペースで脱毛に通いたい人は検討してみてはいかがでしょうか。
ストラッシュでは割引キャンペーンも豊富で割引額も大きいので、ぜひ公式サイトでチェックしてからカウンセリングを申し込んでみてください。
STLASSH（ストラッシュ）三宮店の口コミ評判
arさ ん5.00 ★★★★★ カウンセリングからとても丁寧に対応して頂けました。
施術中は、お肌のお手入れのアドバイスなどこまめにお話しをして頂けたのでとても良かったです！
まだ行き始めて間もないですが効果がでるのが楽しみです！
りぼんりぼんさん5.00 ★★★★★ 三ノ宮は土地勘があるので、地図通り迷わず到着しました。
スリッパに履き替えて、カウンセリングシートを記入します。
その際、スタッフの方に、「1時間程、お時間を頂きますが大丈夫ですか？」と聞かれ、予約の際の画面に、カウンセリング時間に30分と記載されていたので、30分しか滞在出来ない旨を伝えました。
カウンセリングシートを埋めてから、担当のスタッフさんのヒアリングと説明がありました。
とても分かりやすかったです。
STLASSH （ストラッシュ）三宮店の店舗情報
店舗名 STLASSH （ ストラッシュ）三宮店 住所 兵庫県神戸市中央区加納町4 -3-2近藤ビル6 F 電話番号 会員の方：078-335-7885新規の方：0120-961-678 定休日 年中無休 診療時間 11:00 ～21:00 公式サイ ト https://stlassh.com/
三宮駅中央口から徒歩2分と通いやすい場所にあるシースリー神戸三宮店。
高級ホテルをコンセプトにした店内は清潔感があって、非日常を味わえると女性に人気です。
アフターケアではイソフラボン配合のクリームを使用しているので、高い保湿効果が期待できます。
シースリー 神戸三宮店の料金 表
脱毛回数 脱毛部位 通い方 料金 無制限 全身53部位 （顔 ・IO含む） 全身すべ て を1回で施 術 420,640円 全身を4回に分けて施術 374,000 円 無制限 全 身46箇所( 顔また はIOのどちらか1つ ) 全身すべてを1回で施術 374,000 円 全身を4回に分けて施術 319,000円 6 回 全身53 部位 （顔 ・IO含む） 全身すべて を1回で施術 206,800 円 全身を4回に分けて施術 173,800円 6 回 全身46 箇所( 顔また はIOのどちらか1つ ) 全身すべて を1回で施術 137,500円 全身を4回に分けて施術 104,500円 10 回 全 身53 部位 （顔 ・IO含む） 全身すべて を1回で施術 275,000 円 全身を4回に分けて施術 220,000円 10 回 全身46箇所( 顔また はIOのどちらか1つ ) 全身すべてを1回で施術 209,000 円 全身を4回に分けて施術 154,000 円 13 回 全 身53 部位 （顔 ・IO含む） 全身すべて を1回で施術 319,000 円 全身を4回に分けて施術 264,000 円 13 回 全身46箇所( 顔また はIOのどちらか1つ ) 全身すべてを1回で施術 264,000 円 全身を4回に分けて施術 209,000 円
シースリーは全身53箇所と46箇所の2つの脱毛プランがあります。
それぞれのプランは通う回数を選択することで料金が安くなるシステムが採用されています。
全 身53箇所を4分割して施術すると、1回でおこなう場合より脱毛料金が5万円以上お得です。
割引適用後の脱毛料金は平均相場と比べても格安になるので、時間が自由になる人は4分割がよいでしょう。
シースリーは超高速GTR脱毛機を採用しているので短い時間で施術が可能です。
夜 は21時まで営業しているので、仕事帰りに通っても短時間で終わり負担になりません。
アフターケアでは抑毛と保湿効果のあるイソフラボン配合のクリームを塗布してもらえるので、肌の乾燥が気になる人にもおすすめです。
シースリー 神戸三宮店の口コミ評 判
あああさ ん5.00 ★★★★★ 全身コース分割払いで約37-40万程( 2年払い)でした。
最速45分とありますが実際はやはり1時間以上かかります。
スタッフさんは丁寧かつテキパキとやって下さるので特に不満もないです。
時間に遅れると迷惑を掛けるので15分前につくようにしていますが、早く着けば早く対応して下さることもあります。
ジェシーさん5.00★★★★★ 私は痛みに弱いので医療レーザー脱毛は無理だと思い、シースリーの光脱毛をすることにしました。
初めてサロンに行ったので緊張しましたが、カウンセラーの人も施術スタッフの人も親身になって丁寧な対応をしてくれたためここを選んで良かったです。
痛みや火傷もなく、剛毛で悩んでいた肌がツルツルになりました。
またここは個室で施術を受けられるので、周りの人のことが気にならず安心でした。
低価格で全身脱毛ができて、とても満足しています。
シースリー 神戸三宮店の店舗情 報
店舗名 シースリー 神戸三宮店 住所 兵庫県神戸市中央区琴ノ緒町5-6-3三共ビル9 F 電話番号 0800 -888-4315 定休日 毎週水曜日・ 第2火曜日 診療時間 12:00 ～21:00 公式サイ ト https://c-3-esthe.com/
神戸市内に2店舗営業している脱毛サロン恋肌。
全国に多くの店舗を構える全身脱毛専門の大手脱毛サロンです。
脱毛による肌トラブルが起きても医療機関と提携をしているので迅速に対応してくれます。
24時間Webから予約ができるシステムなので、スケジュールを組みやすい点も大きなメリットです。
全身脱毛サロン恋肌の料金表
脱毛プラン 料金 全身62部位月額制プラン 月 々1409 円 全 身62部位6回コース 99,800 円 全 身62部位12回コース 189,600円 全 身62部位18回コース 269,500円 全 身62部位24回コース 359,400 円 全 身62部位30回コース 449,100円
恋肌の料金プランは顔とVIOを含む全身脱毛のみです。
料金は全身62部位を12回189,600円なので、脱毛サロンの平均相場より安く契約できます。
満足したらいつでも辞められる点が魅力の月額制は、月々1,409円とお小遣い程度の料金で通えます。
ただ、月額制は1回の施術で1/12部位ずつしか脱毛ができないので、全身脱毛丸1回するのに1年以上かかる計算です。
もっと早く脱毛を完了させてツルツルお肌になりたいのなら、月額制より回数制がよいでしょう。
恋肌の全身脱毛にはプルプル全身コラーゲンパックが毎回無料でついてきます。
脱毛自体にもコラーゲンを生成する働きがあるので、ダブルの効果で施術後のお肌はプルプルになると評判です。
全身脱毛サロン恋肌の口コミ評判
Miki 5.00 ★★★★★ 以前他のサロンにも通っていましたが効果の違いにびっくりしました！！
まだ3回目ですが毛が生えるのも遅くなってきて夏に間に合いそうで嬉しいです。
スタッフさんもみなさん優しくてお手入れも丁寧で細かな声かけもしてくださるので安心してお任せできます！
みーちゃ ん5.00 ★★★★★ スタッフの皆さん気さくでとても通いやすいサロンです。
効果も1回目で実感できました。これからもよろしくお願い致します。
全身脱毛サロン恋肌の店舗情報
店舗名 恋肌 神戸三宮店 住所 〒651-0085兵庫県神戸市中央区八幡通4-2-9 フラワーロードビル1001 電話番号 078-414-8530 定休日 不定休 診療時 間 11:00 ～21:00
店舗名 恋肌 三宮プレミアム店 住所 〒650-0001兵庫県神戸市中央区加納町6-6-3 摩耶松本ビル3 F 電話番号 078-335-7031 定休日 不定休 診療時 間 11:00 ～21:00
神戸市内に2店舗も営業している大手脱毛サロン ミュゼプラチナム。
肌にやさしいS.S.C.方式脱毛を採用しているので、肌トラブルになる可能性が低く安全な脱毛ができます。
ミュゼプラチナムはスタッフ全員が女性なので、デリケートな悩みも相談しやすいでしょう。
ミュゼプラチナムの料金表
脱毛プラン デイプラン レギュラープラン 全身脱毛コースバリュ ー
1 回 26,800 円 32,200円 全身脱毛コースバリュー 4 回 107,200円 （アプリ価格53,600円 ） 128,800 円 （アプリ価格64,400円） 全身脱毛コースバリュー 6 回 160,800 円 （アプリ価 格80,400円 ） 193,200円 （アプリ価格96,600円） 全身脱毛コースライト 1 回 40,200 円 48,200円 全身脱毛コースライト 4 回 160,800 円 （アプリ価 格80,400円 ） 192,800 円 （アプリ価 格96,400円） 全身脱毛コースライト 6 回 241,200円 （アプリ価格120,600円） 289,200円 （アプリ価格144,600円） 全身脱毛1 回 53,600 円 64,300 円 全身脱毛4 回 214,400円 （アプリ価格107,200円） 257,200円 （アプリ価格128,600円） 全身脱毛6 回 321,600円 （アプリ価格160,800円 ） 385,800 円 （アプリ価格192,900円） ハイジニーナ7 VIO
1 回 15,300 円 18,400 円 ハイジニーナ7 VIO 4 回 61,200 円 （アプリ価 格30,600円 ） 73,600 円 （アプリ価格36,800円） ハイジニーナ7 VIO
6 回 91,800 円 （アプリ価 格45,900円 ） 110,400 円 （アプリ価 格55,200円 ）
ミュゼプラチナムには全身脱毛と部位別セットがあります。
通常料金は脱毛サロンの平均相場並みの料金設定ですが、ミュゼプラチナムの公式アプリをダウンロードすれば半額で契約が可能です。
また、平日昼間に通うと割引を受けられるサービスもあるので、安く契約したい人は割引をフル活用してみてください。
S.S.C脱毛を採用している脱毛サロンは多くなので、アトピーや敏感肌で困っている人はミュゼプラチナムで相談してみてはいかがでしょうか。
ミュゼプラチナムの口コミ評判
みやねえ5.00 ★★★★★ 脱毛お試し12回コースで初めて行きました。
３回目くらいから、毛の量に変化が…生えるスピードが遅くなったような気がします。
担当の方も安いコースの私にも変わらない対応してくださります。
まゆみ.4.00 ★★★★ 脱毛器が最新でいたくありません。 早くて痛くないのは、最高です。
ミュゼプラチナムの店舗情報
店舗名 ミュゼプラチナム神戸ハーバーランドumie店 住所 〒650-0044 兵庫県神戸市中央区東川崎町1-7-2 サウスモール6 F 電話番号 0120-489-450 定休日 年末年始 診療時 間 10:00 ～21:00
店舗名 ミュゼプラチナム グラン三宮店 住所 〒650-0001 兵庫県神戸市中央区加納町4丁目3-3 さくら三神ビル9 F 電話番号 0120-489-450 定休日 年末年始 診療時 間 10:00 ～21:00
三宮駅から徒歩3分の好立地にある脱毛ラボ 三宮駅前店。
商業施設や中華街で賑わうエリアなので脱毛のついでに買い物や食事を楽しむこともできます。
夜 は22時まで営業しているので、忙しい人も仕事帰りに通うことができるでしょう。
脱毛ラボ 三宮駅前店の料金 表
脱毛プラン 全 身56 箇所料金 部分脱 毛28箇所料金 月額制プラン 月 々1,990 円 （ 1回27,860円） 月 々1,490 円 （ 1回20,860円） 回数 制6 回 159,980 円 128,160円 回数 制12 回 269,980 円 208,160円
脱毛ラボでは全身脱毛と部位別プランが選べます。
全身脱毛は顔とVIOを含む全身56箇所と28箇所プランの2種類です。
脱毛ラボでは顔 やVIOを含む全身56箇所が12回269,980円と平均相場よりかなり安い料金設定になっています。
また、満足したらいつでも辞められる月額制プランも人気です。
月額制は56箇所なら4部位ずつ、28部位なら2箇所ずつ施術していくので、通う回数は多くなりますが、格安料金なので気軽に脱毛をはじめられるでしょう。
部位別表 Sパーツ 鼻下・あご周り上下・左右もみあげ・左右乳輪周り・へそ周り上下・両手の甲と指・両足の指と甲・両ワキ・Vライン上
Mパーツ うなじ・両肩を含む両ヒジ上・両ひざ下の表裏・Vライン・Iライン・Oライン・おでこ・こめかみ・小鼻
Lパーツ 両胸・お腹・背中上・背中下・両ヒジ下・左右ヒップ・両ひざ上の表裏・鼻毛
部位別 Sパーツ Mパーツ Lパーツ 料金 2,000 円 3,000 円 4,000 円
脱毛ラボでは部位別脱毛にも力を入れています。
S・M・Lの3つのパーツの中から選んで都度払いで通える点が魅力です。
料金も割安なので、全身脱毛はハードルが高いと感じる人は部位別脱毛からはじめてもよいでしょう。
脱毛ラボには割引キャンペーンも豊富に準備されているので、安く契約したい人は公式サイトでチェックしてみてください。
脱毛ラボ 三宮駅前店の口コミ評 判
メリーアントワネット4.00 ★★★★ 40 代女性です。 通い始めにはなりますが、脱毛としても美容行為としても効果は体感しております。
私は若干白い毛も多いのですが問題なく毛が減っております。
同じ疑問がある方もいらっしゃるかと思い書かせていただきました。
蛯原さり5.00★★★★★ 遅くまでやっていて仕事帰りに寄れるのがありがたいです。
安いから効果もそれなりなのかなぁと思っていましたが、しっかり少なくなってきています。
顔の毛がなくなったからかファンデーションがぴったりフィットするようになって嬉しいです。
脱毛ラボ 三宮駅前店の店舗情 報
店舗名 脱毛ラボ 三宮駅前店 住所 兵庫県神戸市中央区琴ノ緒 町 5 - 2 - 3 協律三宮センタービル 6 F 電話番号 新規0120-2626-17 店舗ダイヤル0120-262-055 定休日 年中無休 診療時間 10：00～22：00 公式サイ ト https://datsumo-labo.jp/
神戸市内に3店舗も営業している脱毛サロンDione ディオーネ。
痛みが少なく、肌に優しいハイパースキン脱毛で人気の大手脱毛サロンです。
子供も一緒に施術ができるほど肌へのダメージが少ないので、ぜひ親子で一緒に通ってみてはいかがでしょうか。
Dione ディオーネの料金 表
パーツ 部位 Sパーツ 鼻下・アゴ・頬・額（眉間含む）・襟足・首（前面）・両ワキ・手の甲（指含む）・乳輪＆乳輪周り・へそ周り・ビキニライン（上部）
Lパーツ 二の腕・背中上部・背中下部・バスト全体・ヒップ（Oライン含まず）・腹部（ヘソ周り含む）・太もも・ひじ下（肘含む）手の甲指含まず・二の腕
脱毛プラン 6 回料金 12回料金 メンテナンス1 回 Sパーツ 15,000 円 24,000 円 2,000 円 Lパーツ 36,000 円 60,000 円 5,000 円 全身脱毛 （ L4部位 + S4部位 ） 99,900 円 198,000 円 16,500 円 全身脱毛 （顔を除く ） 210,000 円 360,000 円 30,000 円 顔脱毛 42,000 円 72,000 円 6,000 円 ハイジニーナコース ( VIO 全て処理 ) 72,000 円 120,000 円 10,000 円 semiハイジニー ナ( VIO を希望の形に ) 57,000 円 96,000 円 8,000 円
ディオーネの料金プランは全身脱毛と部位別、人気部位セットまで幅広くカバーしています。
肌に優しいハイパースキン脱毛を採用しているので、痛みを感じやすい部位もストレスなくキレイにできるでしょう。
ディオーネの顔脱毛は12回で72,000円なので、脱毛サロンの平均相場よりお得です。
12回で満足できなかった場合は、格安のメンテナンス料金で1回ずつ追加脱毛ができます。
Dione ディオーネの口コミ評 判
Kazumu-ru5.00★★★★ ★ 初めての脱毛でドキドキしましたが、お店の方が優しく丁寧に説明をしてくれた事、無料駐車場があるという点でこちらのサロンに決めました。
脱毛しながら肌がキレイになるそうなのでこれから通うのが楽しみです！
コロリンさん5.00 ★★★★★ スタッフさんの対応が良く、気持ち良く通えます。打ちもれがないように、丁寧だし、毛の濃いところは2,3回照射してくれます。
痛みもなくクールダウンもないので、いつも寝てしまいます。
毎月通えるのでうぶ毛を気にしていません。
私に似て娘も毛が濃いので、一緒に通う予定です。 子供脱毛だと、料金も格安なので。早めに連れていこうと思います。
Dione ディオーネの店舗情 報
店舗名 Dione ディオーネ 垂水駅前店 住所 〒655-0028兵庫県神戸市垂水区宮本町2-24 2 F 電話番号 078-707-7117 定休日 不定休 診療時 間 平日10：00～19：30日祝10：00～18：00
店舗名 Dione ディオーネ 神戸三宮店 住所 〒651-0088兵庫県神戸市中央区小野柄通7-1-5 マキビル602 電話番号 078-271-8180 定休日 金曜日 診療時間 月～木曜11:00~20:00 土曜10：30～20：00日祝10：30～18：00
店舗名 Dione ディオーネ 神戸岡本店 住所 〒658-0003 兵庫県神戸市東灘区本山北町3-4-18 トラスト本山ビル601号 電話番号 078-413-1022 定休日 不定休 診療時間 9:00 〜21:00
元町駅から徒歩3分、三ノ宮駅からも徒歩7分と通いやすいラココ 神戸三宮店。
肌に優しいルミクス脱毛で人気が高い大手脱毛サロンです。
ルミクス脱毛は短い間隔で施術ができるので、短期間で脱毛を完了させることもできます。
ラココ 神戸三宮店の料金 表
脱毛プラン 5 回料金 全身脱毛 79,000 円 全身脱毛（顔また はVIO 付き） 69,000 円 全身脱毛（顔 ・VIO を除く） 59,000 円
ラココの顔とVIOを除く全身脱毛は5回セットで59,000円です。
脱毛サロンの光脱毛だと平均的な毛量でも10回程度の施術回数が必要なので、全身5回セットを2回契約することになります。
そのため、総額は118,000円になりますが、それでもラココの料金設定はかなりお得といえるでしょう。
パーツ 脱毛部位 1回料金 Sパーツ 鼻、口上、口下、フェイスライン、あご、おでこ、眉上、眉間、こめかみ、頬、もみあげ、えりあし、うなじ、胸間、乳輪周り、ワキ、ひじ、手甲、手指、ヘソ（上）、ヘソ（下）、ヘソ周り、Vライン（上）、Vライン（横）、Vライン（外）、Iライン、Iライン（外）、Oライン、ひざ、足甲、足指 3,000 円 Lパーツ 背中（上）、背中（下）、デコルテ、胸、ひじ上（表）、ひじ下（表）、ひじ上（裏）、ひじ下（裏）、お腹（上）、お腹（下）、腰、ヒップ、ひざ上（表・右）、ひざ上（表・左）、ひざ下（表・右）、ひざ下（表・左）、ひざ上（裏・右）、ひざ上（裏・左）、ひざ下（裏・右）、ひざ下（裏・左）
5,000 円
部位別脱毛は1回ずつの料金設定なので都度払いが可能です。
お小遣い程度の料金で脱毛に通えるので、毎月の出費をコントロールしたい人におすすめします。
また、ラココでは割引キャンペーンも実施中です。
ラココのキャンペーンは割引額が高いので、通常料金よりお得に契約したい人は公式サイトをチェックしてみてください。
ラココ 神戸三宮店の口コミ評 判
ころてん5.00★★★★★ 三宮店は初めて利用しましたが、とっても丁寧な施術で、またお願いしたいと思いました。お話もたくさんしていただき、リラックスできました。
うさりり5.00★★★★★ いつも丁寧に接客して下さり通いやすいサロンです。ほんとに痛くないしすぐ終わるのでありがたいです！！ちゃんと毛も減っているので、脱毛通いたいならおすすめできます。
ラココ 神戸三宮店の店舗情 報
店舗名 ラココ 神戸三宮店 住所 〒650-0021兵庫県神戸市中央区三宮町2-7-8 パウリスタビル6 F 電話番号 050-2018-1371 定休日 年中無休 診療時間 平日10:00 ～21:00 土日 祝10:00 ～20:00 公式サイ ト https://la-coco.com/
10 位：リンリン 三宮店
JR三宮駅西口から徒 歩7分で通いやすいリンリン 三宮店。
全国に50店舗以上を展開するエステティックサロンです。
大きな宣伝広告はしていないエステサロンですが、高い技術と満足いく脱毛効果で人気があります。
脱毛では2種類の脱毛機を採用しているので、様々な肌質に対応できる点も魅力です。
リンリン 三宮店の料金 表
脱毛プラン 4回料金 全身脱毛 78,000 円 全身脱毛（顔 とI・Oラインを除く） 58,000 円
脱毛部位 1年4 回 2年8回 3年12 回 両ワキor鼻 下 1,980 円 2,980 円 3,980 円 Sパーツ 9,800 円 12,800 円 14,800 円 Mパーツ 12,800 円 15,800 円 17,800 円 Lパーツ 15,800 円 18,800 円 20,800 円
Sパーツ 手の甲と指、足の甲と指、うなじ 、Vライン、Iライン、Oライン Mパーツ 胸まわり、お腹まわり、おしり、両ひじ上、両ひじ下、顔上、顔下（鼻下含む）
Lパーツ 背中上、背中下、両ひざ上、両ひざ 下
リンリンでは全身脱毛と部位別の2種類の脱毛プランがあります。
全身脱毛は4回セットの料金なので、ツルツルになるまで脱毛するには3回ほど追加契約する必要があるでしょう。
しかし、それでも顔 とVIO除く全身が4回58,000円なので、総額で174,000円と破格のお値段です。
パーツ脱毛も有効期限があるものの、料金設定はかなりお得といえるでしょう。
キャンペーンも実施しているので、リンリンは脱毛料金を安く抑えたい人におすすめです。
リンリン 三宮店の口コミ評 判
u.さっちゃん5.00★★★★★ いつも笑顔で対応下さって感じがいいです。特に強引なセールスもないですし、感じよくお話下さり嬉しいです。
ユンギ4.00 ★★★★ とても良い環境で脱毛させていただいています。
毛の量が減ってきて、手入れの回数も減りました。
スタッフの方々も話しやすい人ばかりなのですが、たまに少しだけ雑なスタッフさんがいます。
気になる点はそこだけなので、通いやすい場所で散歩がてら行けます。
リンリン 三宮店の店舗情 報
店舗名 リンリン 三宮店 住所 〒650-0011 兵庫県神戸市中央区下山手通２丁目４−１０ 新道三光ビル４ 階 電話番号 078-331-5710 定休日 木曜 診療時間 10:00 〜20:00 公式サイ ト
https://happyrinrin.com/
神戸で評判の医療脱毛ランキング
神戸には評判の医療脱毛クリニックもたくさんあります。
ここでは、神戸でおすすめの医療脱毛クリニックを10店舗まとめてみました。
料金表や店舗情報も分かるので、自分に合った医療脱毛クリニック探してみてください。
2020年3月にオープンしたばかりのレジーナクリニック神戸三宮院。
三ノ宮駅から直結なので雨の日も濡れることなく通うことができます。
平日は21時まで営業しているので、仕事帰りの予定に脱毛を入れることもできるでしょう。
レジーナクリニック神戸三宮院の料金表
全身脱毛コース 5 回料金 全身脱毛（顔・首・VIO ラインを除く） 189,000 円 全身脱毛ゴールドコース（顔を除く） 273,000 円 全身脱毛プラチナコース 369,000 円
部位別料金 1回料金 5 回料金 VIO 脱 毛 42,000 円 84,000 円 顔脱毛 48,000 円 96,000 円 上半身スッキリ脱 毛 94,500 円 189,000 円 下半身スッキリ脱毛 70,000 円 189,000 円 腕脱毛 36,000 円 72,000 円 足脱毛 40,000 円 90,000 円 うなじ脱毛 13,000 円 39,000 円 両脇脱毛 4,000 円 12,000 円
レジーナクリニックには全身脱毛と部位別プランが準備されています。
全身脱毛は顔と首 、VIO を除く5回プランで189,000円なので、医療脱毛の平均相場よりかなり安く脱毛が可能です。
レジーナクリニックは初診料・再診料などの追加料がかからないシステムを採用しています。
契約した後に追加料で予算オーバーする心配もないので、安心して通えるでしょう。
部位別脱毛では都度払いもできるので、ローンを組みたくない人におすすめです。
レジーナクリニック神戸三宮院の口コミ評判
Kanakanaさん5.00★★★★★ 初めての医療脱毛で不安でしたが担当の方が簡単にわかりやすく説明してくれたり、施術の時も痛みを気遣ってくれたりと、きめ細やかに対応してもらえました。
そのおかげでリラックスして安心して通うことができています。
室内も温かく調節してくれていたので、寒がりの私でも快適に施術を受けることができました。
剃り残しがあった場合シェービング代金を取られないのも助かりますね。
匿名さん5.00 ★★★★★ 渋谷店で、全身脱毛を5回行いました。 全部で26箇所、顔やVIOは他店で行い、その他の箇所は全てレジーナさんでお任せしました。
カウンセリングの際から信頼できると感じていたのですが、実際の施術も個室で丁寧に行われ、看護師が手際が良くにこやかで非常に居心地が良かったです。
医療脱毛ということで、以前していた美容脱毛より断然効果がありました。
全5回終了して半年経ちますが、ほとんど毛が生えてきません！
背中やうなじといった自分では剃りにくい部分の手入れが面倒でうんざりしていたので、本当に通って良かったです。
レジーナクリニック神戸三宮院の店舗情報
店舗名 レジーナクリニック神戸三宮院 住所 〒650-0021 兵庫県神⼾市中央区三宮町1-10-1 神戸交通センタービル5階 電話番号 078-599-8895 定休日 なし（年末年始、臨時休診日を除く） 診療時間 月〜金：12:00〜21:00 土日祝日：11:00〜20:00 公式サイ ト https://reginaclinic.jp/
JR神戸線三ノ宮から徒歩1分の好立地にあるエミナルクリニック神戸院。
全国展開を続ける格安料金が魅力の大手医療脱毛クリニックです。
蓄熱式と熱破壊式の両方のレーザーが使用できるので、肌質に合わせた脱毛ができます。
夜21時まで営業しているクリニックなので、仕事帰りにも通えるでしょう。
エミナルクリニック 神戸院の料金 表
全身脱毛プラン 1 回 5 回 全身脱毛（顏・VIO を除く） 94,500 円 159,000 円 全身脱毛（顏また はVIO を含む） 109,500 円 219,000 円 全身脱毛 134,000 円 268,000 円
エミナルクリニックの料金表は全身脱毛のみ3種類です。
顔とVIOを除く全身脱毛が5回で159,000円は、医療脱毛の平均相場よりかなり安い料金設定になります。
エミナルクリニックは脱毛料金以外に追加料がかからないシステムを採用しています。
脱毛機も2種類のレーザーが使えるので、肌質・毛質に合わせた脱毛ができるでしょう。
エミナルクリニックならお得な医療脱毛ができるので、ぜひ予算を抑えたい方は検討してみてください。
エミナルクリニック 神戸院の口コミ評 判
sa tu5.00 ★★★★★ 先日カウンセリングに行かせていただきました。 店内もとても綺麗で、スタッフさんも親身になって丁寧に対応して下さりました。 私にぴったりのプランも提案して下さり、安心してお任せできるなと思いました。 夏も近いのでこれから通うのが楽しみです！
m i5.00 ★★★★★ カウンセリングに行った時は不安もありましたが優しいスタッフさんで分かりやすく説明してくれました。 お値段も他と比べると凄く安いので、安心して通う事ができます。
先日１回目終わりましたが効果も実感でき、思っていたほど痛みもなかったので通うのが楽しみです。
エミナルクリニック 神戸院の店舗情 報
店舗名 エミナルクリニック 神戸院 住所 兵庫県神戸市中央区三宮 町 1 - 5 - 1 銀泉三宮ビル5 F 電話番号 078-335-7574 定休日 不定休 診療時間 11:00 ～21:00 公式サイ ト
https://eminal-clinic.jp/
JR三ノ宮駅中央口から徒歩1分と好立地にあるリゼクリニック神戸三宮店。
24時間空き状況を確認できるネット予約のシステムを採用しているので、忙しい人でも通いやすい医療脱毛クリニックです。
蓄熱式・ダイオードレーザー・YAGレーザーの3種類が使えるので、どんな肌質・毛質にも対応できます。
リゼクリニック 神戸三宮院の料金 表
全身脱毛プラン 3 回 5 回 全身脱毛（顏 ・VIO除く） 149,800 円 248,000円 全身＋VIO 脱 毛
198,800 円 318,000 円 全身＋顔脱 毛 198,800 円 318,000 円 全身＋VIO＋顏脱毛 238,800 円 368,000 円 わがまま全身脱毛部位セッ ト 129,800 円 184,000 円
部位別脱毛料金 5 回料金 トライアルプラ ンVIO脱 毛 49,800 円 ワキ脱毛 18,800 円 VIO 脱 毛 92,800 円 顔全体脱毛 92,800 円 腕全体脱毛 69,800 円 足全体脱毛 110,800 円 手足脱毛セッ ト 110,800 円
リゼクリニックは全身脱毛と部位別脱毛ができます。
顔とVIOを除く全身脱毛が5回で248,000円は、医療脱毛の平均相場よりかなり安い料金設定といえるでしょう。
5回プランを終了した後は割引価格で追加契約できるので、毛量が多い人でも安心です。
また、脱毛料金以外の追加料もかからないシステムを採用しています。
初めての利用ならトライアルプランが利用できるので、気軽にレーザー脱毛を試すこともできるでしょう。
リゼクリニック 神戸三宮院の口コミ評 判
りーたんx5.00 ★★★★★ 脱毛して良かったと思います。 値段は高いですが、ちゃんとしてくれますし生やしたとこもなくなり気にしなくなり楽になりました。
麻酔代はかかりますが、自分は麻酔してないで脱毛しました。
かおり4.00 ★★★★ VIO 脱毛と脇脱毛を5回コースで行っています。現在4回目が終了した時点ですが、IラインやOラインに関しては産毛程度、脇は少し生えてくるくらいになりました。
Vラインはデザイン照射にしてもらっているので形はかなり綺麗になっています。
少しお値段は上がりますが医療脱毛を選択して良かったと思います。
リゼクリニックは剃毛料金も無料なので、剃り残しの出やすいVIOにはとくにおすすめです。
リゼクリニック 神戸三宮院の店舗情 報
店舗名 リゼクリニック 神戸三宮院 住所 〒651-0094 兵庫県神戸市中央区琴ノ緒町5-3-2三宮駅平和ビル6
F 電話番号 0120-232-404 定休日 不定休 診療時 間 午前10：00～14：00 午 後15：00～20：00 公式サイ ト https://www.rizeclinic.com/
JR三宮駅徒歩5分でアクセス抜群の湘南美容クリニック神戸院。
医療脱毛や二重整形、シミ取り、ボトックスなど幅広くおこなう美容クリニックです。
全国に80店舗以上が営業しているので契約店舗以外でも自由に通えます。
湘南美容クリニック神戸院の料金表
脱毛プラン 料金 パーフェクト全 身1回コース 60,900 円 パーフェクト全身3回コース 181,290円 パーフェクト全身4回コース 232,000 円 パーフェクト全身6回コース 297,000円 全身（顔・VIO除く）1回コース 50,720 円 全身（顔・VIO 除く）3回コース 149,720円 全身（顔・VIO除く）4回コース 174,240円 全身（顔・VIO除く）6回コース
244,200円 フェイス1回コース 11,550円 フェイス3回コース 31,350 円 フェイ ス6回コース 50,600 円 両ワ キ1回コース 1,520円 両ワキ6回コース 6,090 円 手足スッキリセッ ト1回コース 40,530 円 手足スッキリセット3回コース 115,500 円 手足スッキリセット6回コース 213,880円 ハイジニーナ( VIO ) 1回コー ス 14,850 円 ハイジニー ナ( VIO ) 3回コース 30,350 円 ハイジニー ナ( VIO ) 6回コース 59,070 円
S パーツ うなじ・額・鼻下・あご・あご下・首・手の甲と指・乳輪周囲・へそ下・Vライン下・Vライン・Iライン・Oライン・ひざ小僧・足の甲と指
Lパーツ 両ひじ上・両ひじ下・胸・腹・背中上・背中下・臀部・両ひじ上・両ひじ下
1回 3回コース 6回コース Sパーツ 6,180 円 17,730 円 29,280円 Lパーツ 17,730 円 50,600 円 82,500 円
湘南美容クリニックは全体的に医療脱毛の平均相場より安い料金設定です。
全身脱毛と部位別プランから選べるので、希望に合った脱毛ができるでしょう。
支払い方法に都度払いもあるので、月々の支払額を調節しながら通えるのも魅力です。
のりかえ割などのキャンペーンも実施しているので、費用を抑えたい人は公式サイトをチェックしてみてください。
施術には有効期限がないので自分のペースで通えますよ。
湘南美容クリニック神戸院の口コミ評判
海 4.00 ★★★ ★ 看護師や受付やカウンセリングの方々と接しましたが、感じ良く、勧誘もされたことがなく快適です。
脱毛の施術に関しては、看護師さんによって丁寧さは異なる印象です。
coly さん4.00 ★★★★
受付の人はいつも笑顔で親身に相談に乗って下さり、丁寧に対応して下さいます。
5分〜10分説明を入れても15分もあれば終わりました。
少し痛みを感じる部分もありましたが、一瞬で耐えられないものではなかったです。
湘南美容クリニック神戸院の店舗情報
店舗名 湘南美容クリニック神戸院 住所 兵庫県神戸市中央区御 幸
通6丁目1番10号オリックス神戸三宮ビル
5 階 電話番号 0120-832-900 定休日 年中無休 診療時間 10:00 ～19:00 公式サイ ト
https://www.s-b-c.net/
5位：ルシアクリニック神戸三宮院
JR三ノ宮駅から徒歩4分の好立地にあるルシアクリニック神戸三宮院。
医療脱毛や痩身、美肌などトータルでキレイを目指せる美容クリニックです。
肌質に合わせて2種類の脱毛機を使い分けた施術ができるので、お任せで脱毛ができます。
ルシアクリニック神戸三宮院の料金表
脱毛プラン 料金 全身脱 毛1 回 80,000 円 全身脱 毛5 回 280,000 円 全身脱毛8 回 400,000 円 全身脱 毛10 回 450,000 円 顔脱毛1 回 25,000 円 顔脱毛5 回 80,000 円 顔脱毛8 回 105,000 円 顔脱 毛10 回 120,000 円 襟足・首脱 毛1 回 25,000 円 襟足・首 脱 毛5 回 80,000 円 襟足・首脱毛8 回 105,000 円 襟足・首脱 毛10 回 120,000 円 VIO 脱毛1 回 25,000 円 VIO 脱毛5 回 80,000 円 VIO 脱毛8 回 105,000 円 VIO 脱 毛10 回 120,000 円
ルシアクリニックは全身脱毛と部位別セットの脱毛プランがあります。
料金設定は医療脱毛クリニックの平均相場ですが、剃り残しのシェービング代やキャンセル料がかからないので安心して通えるでしょう。
医療脱毛クリニックには珍しく割引キャンペーンも豊富に実施しています。
まとまった費用がない人には都度払いもできるので、好みの通い方を選択してみてください。
口コミではスタッフの接客態度と技術が良いと評判なので、安心して通える美容クリニックです。
ルシアクリニック神戸三宮院の口コミ評判
な な5.00 ★★★★ ★ 光脱毛を何度かしていましたが早く終わらせたくVIOのみこちらで契約しました。
カウンセリングも丁寧で回数をかなり悩みましたが焦らされる事なく相談に乗ってくださりとりあえず5回でしました。
施術していただいた方もしっかり説明してくださり質問にも丁寧に答えてくれ不安なくしていただきました。
麻酔ありでしていただきましたが、全くの無痛って程ではないですが光脱毛よりも痛みは無かったです。
内側は少し痛みありましたが殆どが暖かい感じでした。
ともとも5.00★★★★★ 医療脱毛、全身＋vio＋顔8回で契約しました。
契約時のカウンセリングも金額面やコースの説明など丁寧にしてもらえ、施術してくれる看護師さんの対応もきっちりしているので安心して通えています。
肌トラブルの対応もすぐにしてもらえるのでその点も魅力的です。
私自身、すごく毛が太く濃い方ですが、1回目の施術で毛が沢山抜け、2回目の施術までに自己処理もさほどせずに済みました。 特に脇とVIOは目に見えて効果が現れています。 院内も綺麗で本当にオススメです。
ルシアクリニック神戸三宮院の店舗情報
店舗名 ルシアクリニック神戸三宮院 住所 〒650-0021神戸市中央区三宮町2-10-7 グレースコウベ2 F 電話番号 078-335-1050 定休日 年中無休 診療時間 月～ 土
11：00～20：00 日祝 10：00～19：00 公式サイト 日祝 10：00～19：00
6 位：ブランクリニック 神戸三宮院
三宮駅から徒歩1分と通いやすいブランクリニック神戸三宮院。
2020年2月にオープンしたばかりの医療脱毛専門のクリニックです。
蓄熱式の脱毛機メディオスターNeXT PRO を採用しているので、痛みを軽減した脱毛ができます。
ブランクリニック 神戸三宮院の料金 表
脱毛プラン 5 回料金 全身脱毛 ＋VIO 195,000 円
脱毛部位 4回料金 全身( 顔と VIO除く ) 96,000 円 全身＋顔またはVIO 136,000 円 全身＋顏 ＋VIO 176,000 円 顔全体 48,000 円 VIO 48,000 円
ブランクリニックは全身脱毛と部位別セットの料金プランがあります。
全身脱毛には4回と5回セットがあるので、毛量に合わせて検討してみてください。
料金は顔とVIOを除く全身が4回で96,000円なので平均相場よりかなりお得に脱毛ができます。
人気の顔脱毛とVIOラインも4回セット料金が48,000円で格安です。
また、ブランクリニックでは初診料・再診料、薬代などの追加料がかかりません。
カウンセリングではテスト照射で脱毛機を試せるので、肌との相性を確認してから契約できますよ。
ブランクリニック 神戸三宮院の口コミ評 判
Natu5.00★★★★★ 今まで色々な美容クリニックに通いましたが、スタッフさん看護師さん全員がこれだけ感じの良いクリニックは初めてです！
他のクリニックに比べて価格がとてもお安く、医療脱毛をこの料金で受けられるのには驚きました。サービスが価格に比例して低品質なものかと思えばそのような事もなく大変満足です。
院内もとても綺麗で清潔感があり気持ちよく通わせていただいております。
Nana K5.00 ★★★★★ 価格は安いのに、しっかりと効果があり良かったです。
予約が取りやすいのも評価できます。
ブランクリニック 神戸三宮院の店舗情 報
店舗名 ブランクリニック 神戸三宮院 住所 〒650-0001兵庫県神戸市中央区加納町4-3-2近藤ビル8 階 電話番号 0120-307-393 定休日 月曜日・火曜日 診療時 間 10:00 ～20:00 水曜日の み12:00 ～22:00 公式サイ ト https://bccl.jp/
7位：神戸北野クリニック
JR神戸線・三ノ宮駅から徒歩約4分の好立地にある神戸北野クリニック。
医療脱毛や美容点滴、美顔、美肌ハイフなどトータルでキレイをサポートしてくれる美容クリニックです。
神戸北野クリニックは女性スタッフのみなので、デリケートな相談もしやすく安心して通えます。
神戸北野クリニックの料金表
脱毛プラン 1回料金 5 回料金 ワキ 5,000 円 20,000 円 うなじ 8,000 円 35,000 円 ひじ上 8,000 円 35,000 円 鼻毛 10,000 円 49,000 円 ひじ下 12,000 円 55,000 円 胸部 12,000 円 55,000 円 お腹 12,000 円 55,000 円 背中 12,000 円 55,000 円 Vライン 12,000 円 55,000 円 I / Oライン 12,000 円 55,000 円 顔 12,000 円 55,000 円 お尻 12,000 円 55,000 円 ひざ上 12,000 円 55,000 円 ひざ下 15,000 円 70,000 円
神戸北野クリニックは部位別脱毛に力を入れています。
1回と5回セットから選択できるので、都度払いがしたい人も通えるでしょう。
料金設定は5回セットを選択すると平均相場よりお得に脱毛ができます。
神戸北野クリニックではソプラノアイス・プラチナムという最新の脱毛機を採用しています。
肌への負担を最小限にしたい脱毛ができるので肌が弱い人でもムリなく施術すること可能です。
期間限定のキャンペーンならもっと安く契約できるので、公式サイトをチェックしてみてください。
神戸北野クリニックの口コミ評判
青年アシ ベ5.00 ★★★★★ 髭の脱毛をやりたくクリニックを調べていたところ価格帯も非常に安く、20%OFFも実施しておりお得だなと思いここに決めました。
口コミ広場にも良い口コミが入っていたので安心して施術を受けました！
院内はとても綺麗でスタッフさんもとても親切で丁寧に接してくれました。
りりみかさん4.00 ★★★★ しっかりと説明の時間を取っていただけたので、疑問点なども解消できました。
事前の説明にあった通り毛の濃い箇所はピリピリする痛みが伴いましたが、他は暖かいゴムボールを当てられているような感覚でした。
脱毛を受けてから1週間は特に毛に変わりがなかったため効果を実感してはいませんでしたが、施術後2週間をすぎたあたりからポロポロと太い毛が抜け始めたのはとても感動的でした。
神戸北野クリニックの店舗情報
店舗名 神戸北野クリニック 住所 〒650-0001 神戸市中央区加納町4丁目8-17 TAKAI ビル 4 階 電話番号 0120-990-085 定休日 不定休 診療時間 11：00 ～19：00 公式サイ ト https://k-k-c.com/
8位：ソノクリニック神戸院
JR三宮駅西口から徒歩5分の場所にあるソノクリニック神戸院。
医師が丁寧な診察をしてくれることで人気の美容外科クリニックです。
痛みを軽減した施術ができるので、ストレスが少ない脱毛ができるでしょう。
口コミではフレンドリーな雰囲気が評判なので、はじめての場所が苦手な人でもリラックスして施術を受けることができます。
ソノクリニック神戸院の料金表
脱毛プラン 1回料金 ワキ 2,500 円 顔全体 18,000円 鼻下 2,500 円 あご 5,000 円 あご裏 4,000 円 ヒジ下（指、手の甲、ひじ含む） 9,000 円 ヒジ上 8,000 円 ヒザ下（ひざこぞう、足の甲、指含む） 10,000 円 太もも（外側つけ根まで） 15,000 円 背中1/2、おなか、胸 各 25,000 円 Vライン 10,000 円 I・Oライン 各 4,000 円 乳輪 3,000 円 うなじ 9,000 円 おしり 25,000 円 太もも＋ひざ下 22,500 円 ヒジ上＋ヒジ下 15,000 円 ヒジ下＋ひざ 下 17,000 円 V I O 15,000 円 1ショット 1,000 円
ソノクリニックでは部位別脱毛に力をいれています。
1回ずつの料金設定なので、まとまったお金を準備する必要がありません。
料金設定は平均相場ですが、両ワキ脱毛は1回2,500円なので安くツルツルになるまで通えるでしょう。
少しだけ脱毛したい人には1ショットずつの料金もあるので、無駄がない脱毛ができます。
たくさんの実績がある老舗クリニックなので、安全性の高い脱毛をしたい人におすすめです。
ソノクリニック神戸院の口コミ評判
ふくちゃ ん5.00★★★★★ 内装やインテリアは地味ですが、スタッフは礼儀正しく、フレンドリーで細やかな配慮をしてくれます。
ドクターも親切丁寧なカウンセリングで、技術も確かなものと思っています。
脱毛やニキビ治療など美容皮膚科を受信希望の方には、三宮周辺の数あるクリニックの中ではおすすめクリニックです。
マヨまよ5.00★★★★★ 初めて美容皮膚科に行きました。 受付の方もとても親切でドキドキしていた気持ちが落ち着きました。
神戸医院院長先生(女性の方)にお世話になったのですが診察室に入った瞬間からとっても素敵な笑顔で受け入れてくださり診察の時もすごく丁寧に肌の悩みやトラブルをひとつひとつ聞いてくださったのでとても安心しました。
ソノクリニック神戸院の店舗情報
店舗名 ソノクリニック神戸院 住所 〒650-0021 神戸市中央区三宮町2-11-1 3F -312 センタープラザ西館3 階 電話番号 078-392-5521 定休日 日曜日・祝日・水曜日 診療時間 [ 平日 ] 10:00 ～19:00 [ 土曜日 ]
10:00 ～17:00 公式サイ ト
https://www.21vin.com/
9位：神戸ヴィオラクリニック
新神戸駅から徒歩1分の場所にある神戸ヴィオラクリニック。
医療脱毛や整形手術、アンチエイジングなど幅広く取り扱う美容外科・美容皮膚科のクリニックです。
丁寧なカウンセリングでお肌の悩みがある人でも安全なレーザー脱毛ができます。
神戸ヴィオラクリニックの料金表
脱毛プラン 5 回料金 全身脱毛 259,000 円 全身脱毛 （VIO を除く） 205,000 円 全身脱毛（顔を除く） 204,000 円 全身脱毛（顔 ・VIO を除く） 150,000 円 腕・脚全体脱毛 100,000 円 顔全体脱毛 55,000 円 VIO 脱 毛 54,000 円
神戸ヴィオラクリニックは全身脱毛と部位別セットの料金プランがあります。
全身脱毛では顔とVIOを除く全身が5回で150,000円なので、破格の料金設定といえるでしょう。
顔脱毛やVIO脱毛など部位別セットも格安なので、安く脱毛したい人に神戸ヴィオラクリニックは大変おすすめです。
両ワキ脱毛は初回のみ3,000円で試すことができるので、機械との相性を確認するためにも利用してみてはいかがでしょうか。
神戸ヴィオラクリニックの口コミ評判
317 yuka5.00 ★★★★★ 神戸大学医学部附属病院の先生が来られているので安心です。カウンセリングもじっくり丁寧にしてもらえました。場所も駅直結なので通いやすいです。
N Rie5.00 ★★★★★ 医療脱毛を契約しました。丁寧なカウンセリングと施術でとても良かったです。 新神戸から近くアクセスも良いです 。
神戸ヴィオラクリニックの店舗情報
店舗名 神戸ヴィオラクリニック 住所 〒650-0002 兵庫県神戸市中央区北野町1-1 コトノハコ神戸1 F 電話番号 078-272-0711 定休日 日曜・祝日 診療時間 9:00 ～19:00 公式サイ ト
https://viola-clinic.com/
10 位：共立美容外科 神戸三宮 院
三宮駅から歩いて約3分のところにある共立美容外科 神戸三宮院。
美容外科や美容皮膚科、審美歯科で全国展開を進める大手美容クリニックです。
医療脱毛では20年の実績があるので、ひとりひとりに合った安全性の高い脱毛が期待できます。
共立美容外科 神戸三宮院の料金 表
脱毛プラン 1回料金 6回料金 7 回目以降料金 全身脱毛プラチ ナ 73,400 円 367,000 円 62,390 円 全身脱毛ゴールド( 顔を除く )
64,000 円 320,000 円 54,400 円 全身脱毛シルバー（首・うなじ・ワキ・手足・胸・腹回り・背部・臀部）
55,200 円 276,000 円 46,920 円
脱毛プラン 1回料金 2 回目以降料金 両うで脱 毛 14,000 円 11,200円 両足脱毛 20,000 円 16,000 円 手足脱毛 22,000 円 17,600 円 口周 り( 鼻下含む ) 7,000 円 5,600 円 頬( もみあげ含む ) 7,000 円 5,600 円 もみあげの周囲（両側） 4,000 円 3,200円 額 3,000 円 2,400 円 眉周り 6,000 円 4,800 円 首 3,000 円 2,400 円 うなじ 3,000 円 2,400円 ワキ 3,000 円 2,400 円 上腕（両肘上～肩 ） 10,200 円 8,160円 前腕（両肘下～手指 ） 10,200 円 8,160 円 両ふともも 15,000 円 12,000 円 両膝下（膝下～足指） 10,200 円 8,160円 ハイジニーナ （VIO ） 12,000 円 9,600 円 Vライン（V） 3,000 円 2,400 円 性器周り （I） 3,000 円 2,400 円 肛門周り （O） 7,000 円 5,600 円
共立美容外科は全身脱毛と部位別の2種類の料金プランです。
部位別は都度払いができるので、月々の費用をコントロールしながら通うことができます。
全身脱毛は平均的な料金設定ですが、人気の部位別脱毛は割安です。
とくに両ワキとうなじは1回3,000円で通えて、2回目以降は2,400円とさらに安くなります。
2回目料金で施術をするには2か月以内に来院する必要があるので、予定をしっかり立てて脱毛をはじめるようにしましょう。
脱毛機はライトシェアデュエットとXeo(ゼオ ) を採用しています。
2つを使い分けながら施術をしてくれるので、肌質や肌色に左右されない施術が期待できるでしょう。
共立美容外科 神戸三宮院の口コミ評 判
K CC5.00 ★★★★★ ビル自体がきれいで、クリニック内もラグジュアリー感があります。 価格や治療内容も丁寧に説明してくれるため、安心して受診できました。落ち着いた空間の中で綺麗になりたい方はお勧めです。 三宮駅から徒歩すぐのため、アクセス的にも助かっています。
岩ちゃん大好きさん4.00 ★★★★ VIO の脱毛だったので、女性にお願いしたかったので以前お世話になった共立美容外科にしました。
施術はあっという間に終わりました。 全身脱毛も早いんだろうなぁって思いました。
痛みはほとんど無くて、30分以内には終わったと思います。
共立美容外科 神戸三宮院の店舗情 報
店舗名 共立美容外科 神戸三宮院 住所 〒650-0021兵庫県神戸市中央区三宮町1-7-5スタイルプラザ7 F 電話番号 0120-332-340 078-335-8530 定休日 年中無休 診療時間 10：00～19：00 公式サイ ト
https://www.s-kyoritsu.com/
失敗しない脱毛店選びのコツ
神戸には脱毛店が数多くあるので、何を基準に選べばいいのか分からない人もいるでしょう。
そこで、具体的にどんな点を注意すればいいのかまとめてみました。
コツが分かれば自分に合った脱毛店を探せるので、ストレスフリーで通うことができますよ。
口コミ評価は必ずチェックする
脱毛店選びで失敗しない一番のコツは口コミをチェックすることです。
予約の取りやす さ
店舗の雰囲 気
スタッフの接客態度や技術
脱毛料金や追加 料
などは公式サイトだけでは分からないこともあります。
実際に行った人の評価を見ることで、本当のところが分かるので事前に口コミチェックをするようにしましょう。
カウンセリングに行ってみよう！
カウンセリングに実際に行くことで店舗の雰囲気や接客、料金についてしっかり知ることができます。
雰囲気や接客に関しては人によって感じ方が違うので、自分で行って確かめてみる必要があります。
勧誘が心配な人は事前に口コミをチェックしておけばある程度の予想がたつでしょう。
神戸で部分脱毛するのならおすすめはどこ？
はじめての脱毛で全身をするのはハードルが高いという人もいるでしょう。
そんな場合は両ワキやうなじなど部分脱毛からはじめてみるのも良いかもしれません。
ここでは神戸市内で安く部位別脱毛ができる脱毛サロンと医療脱毛クリニックをまとめています。
部位別なら手頃な料金ではじめられるので、気軽に試してみてはいかがでしょうか。
両ワキ脱毛がおすすめの店舗
神戸市内でワキ脱毛ができる医療脱毛クリニックと脱毛サロン
店舗 料金 脱毛ラボ 1回2,000 円 ストラッシ ュ 1回2,750 円 レジーナクリニック 5回12,000 円 湘南美容クリニック熊本院 6回2,500 円
神戸で安く両ワキ脱毛をするのなら脱毛ラボがおすすめです。
脱毛ラボは都度払いが利用できるので、月々の支払をコントロールしながら満足するまで通えます。
医療脱毛で両ワキ脱毛がしたいなら、格安料金が魅力の湘南美容クリニックがおすすめです。
湘南美容クリニックは1回料金もあるので都度払いでも通うことができます。
どちらも駅から徒歩数分なので、医療脱毛と光脱毛のどちらが好みかで判断するとよいでしょう。
顔脱毛がおすすめの店 舗
神戸市内で顔脱毛ができる医療脱毛クリニック
店舗名 顔脱毛料金 ブランクリニック 4回48,000 円 湘南美容クリニック 6回50,600 円 神戸ヴィオラクリニック 5回55,000 円
神戸市内で安く顔脱毛をしたいのなら湘南美容クリニックがおすすめです。
6回セットで50,600円なので、施術単価8,430円になります。
医療脱毛の平均相場だと1回10,000円はかかるので、格安で顔脱毛がしたいのなら湘南美容クリニックを検討してみてください。
VIO 脱毛がおすすめの店 舗
神戸市内でVIO脱毛ができる医療脱毛クリニックと脱毛サロン
店舗 VIO 脱毛料金 リゼクリニック 5回49,800 円 ブランクリニック 4回48,000 円 湘南美容クリニッ ク 6回54,000 円
仙台市内で安くVIO脱毛をするのなら湘南美容クリニックかリゼクリニックがおすすめです。
湘南美容クリニックは6回セットが54,000円なので、施術単価は1万円以下と破格の料金設定になっています。
そして、リゼクリニックも5回セットで49,800円と格安です。
リゼクリニックの場合は3種類のレーザーが使えるので、肌質や痛みを考慮したVIO脱毛が期待できます。
うなじ・えりあし脱毛がおすすめの店舗
神戸市内でうなじ・えりあし脱毛ができる医療脱毛クリニックと脱毛サロン
店舗 うなじ・えりあし脱毛料金 ストラッシュ 1回2,750 円 脱毛ラボ 1回3,000 円 共立美容外科 1回3,000 円 レジーナクリニック 5回39,000 円
神戸市内でうなじ・えりあしを安く脱毛したいなら脱毛サロンはストラッシュ、医療脱毛は共立美容外科がおすすめです。
ストラッシュと共立美容外科はどちらも都度払いで通えます。
施術1回の料金は同じくらいですが、レーザー脱毛は回数が少なく済むので総額では共立美容外科がお得です。
また、共立美容外科は2か月以内に継続して通うと2回目以降は1回2,400円で通えます。
コパ重視！神戸で安く全身脱毛できるのはどこ？
神戸市内でコスパ重視の全身脱毛がしたい人もいるでしょう。
ここでは医療脱毛クリニックと脱毛サロンに分けて全身脱毛が安い店舗をご紹介しています。
全身脱毛1回あたりの料金で計算しているので、予算も含めて検討してみてください。
神戸で一番安く全身脱毛ができる脱毛サロンランキング
順位 1 回 あたりの料金 脱毛料金総 額 1位：ラココ 11,600 円 5回59,000 円 2位：リンリン 14,500 円 4回58,000 円 3位：ストラッシュ 15,150 円 12回181,800円
神戸市内で安く全身脱毛がしたいのならラココがおすすめです。
ラココは5回料金プランしかありませんが、毛量に合わせて3回契約しても177,000円なので他のサロンと比べても安くなります。
通常の毛量でも12回で満足できる人が多いので、5回プランを2回継続して10回施術を受けてから3回目の契約を考えてみてもよいでしょう。
神戸でもっとも安い医療脱毛クリニックランキング
順位 1 回 あたりの料金 脱毛料金総額 １位： エミナルクリニッ ク 31,800 円 5回159,000 円 ２位： レジーナクリニッ ク 37,800 円 5回189,000 円 3位： ブランクリニック 39,000 円 5回195,000 円
神戸市内の医療脱毛で全身脱毛を安くしたいならエミナルクリニックがおすすめです。
医療脱毛専門のクリニックなので、施術実績も多く安全性の高い脱毛が期待できます。
エミナルクリニックなら初診料・再診料、キャンセル料もかからないので、追加料の心配もいりません。
レーザー脱毛で全身を脱毛したいけど、予算があまりない人はエミナルクリニックを検討してみてください。
都度払いで通える脱毛サロンと医療脱毛クリニック
都度払いならまとまったお金も必要ないので、気軽に脱毛をはじめることができます。
神戸市内なら大手脱毛サロンのストラッシュや脱毛ラボ、ラココが都度払い可能です。
医療脱毛ならレジーナクリニックや湘南美容クリニック、ルシアクリニック、神戸北野クリニックなども対応しています。
神戸で脱毛Q&A
Q．三宮駅から徒歩数分で通いやすい脱毛サロンはある？
A.三宮駅周辺にはたくさんの脱毛サロンが営業しています。
大手脱毛サロンの銀座カラー、ストラッシュ、キレイモ、ミュゼプラチナム、脱毛ラボ、恋肌などは駅から徒歩数分です。
夜遅くまで営業している店舗も多いので、仕事帰りに通うこともできます。
Q．神戸でレーザー脱毛が2種類以上ある医療脱毛クリニックはどこ？
A.レーザー脱毛には蓄熱式や熱破壊式など様々な種類があります。
神戸市内ならレジーナクリニックやリゼクリニック、エミナルクリニックなどが2種類以上のレーザーを採用しています。
様々な毛質や肌質に対応できるので、まずはカウンセリングで相談してみましょう。
Q．神戸市内でメンズ脱毛をするなら？ A.神戸市内には三宮駅周辺に多くのメンズ脱毛店があります。
医療脱毛なら大手のゴリラクリニック、メンズリゼ、湘南美容クリニックがおすすめです。脱毛サロンならメンズ脱毛サロン
F roomやメンズクリアがあります。 なかでもF room は口コミ評価がとても高いメンズ脱毛店なので、脱毛初心者でも安心して通えるでしょう。
まとめ～神戸で自分にピッタリの脱毛店を見つけよう！
神戸周辺にはたくさんの医療脱毛クリニックと脱毛サロンがあります。大手から地域密着型まで様々なので、自分に合った脱毛店を探すのも一苦労でしょう。
本記事では神戸市内にある脱毛店のおすすめトップ10を料金表や特徴をご紹介しています。
失敗しない店舗を選ぶコツも解説しているので、併せてチェックすると脱毛店探しに役立つでしょう。
そして気になった脱毛店があったら、積極的にカウンセリングに行ってみることをおすすめします。
実際の雰囲気や接客態度も見てから検討すると、より自分に合った脱毛店を探しやすいですよ。
Author Thread
Aaarghhh !!!
The rules !
Such a shame to have this beauty DQd .
It is a winner .. beyond time ... beyond space ... beyond DPC rules .
Kudos , my friend !
Photographer found comment helpful .
oooh so sorry about the DQ ... i still love this picture very much ... my all time favorite .
Absolutely beautiful !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
I am so sorry about the dq !
I had a ribbon disqualified once , so I know how you feel !
I also try and try to get a decent hummingbirds and after hundreds of tries still do n't have anything even remotely in the same league as this one .
Congratulations on this award winning capture !
Photographer found comment helpful .
ouch on that DQ , but seriously , this image is so good , I do n't think even a DQ can do much to tarnish it .
Truly outstanding in every respect .
The post processing is a stellar example of balance , with great sharpness and contrast with nothing overdone .
I hope other submitters take this as an example of how to do it right .
Would have pulled a 10 from me in voting .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Thanks to all !!
I have learned more from this image than any other I have submitted .
Great comments , and great discussion in the forums .
jeff
Sorry about the DQ but the image is top class as you know so the important fact is you still managed to get a fantastic dream photograph tha simply ' ooozes ' quality and style .
Plenty of time for ribbons just keep on taking great shots like this .
CONGRATS !
Photographer found comment helpful .
D'Oh !
Great image ... sorry about your dq
Photographer found comment helpful .
I had this exact thing happen to me a while back .
For the battery challenge none - the - less !
A battery is much easier to get a decent capture of so you must be more disgruntled than I ; P Great pic btw ! -
I 'm sure you could have the last laugh - definitely sell prints !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Sorry about the DQ .
In my opinion it meets the the challenge .
I tried for along time to get a good shot of these birds .
Got a couple , just tough to get .
Photographer found comment helpful .
:( this is your second blue ribbon that 's been dqed ...
Have you got your date set right on your cam ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
This Opanda EXIF info finder is useful .
Sorry about your DQs .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Mannn im sorry you must be pissed !!
hey all the same I love ... to make you feel better IM adding it to my favs !
( not just for you but because I love this picture )
Photographer found comment helpful .
Originally posted by annpatt : Serious bummer about the DQ .
You entered this before the other one was DQ'd , did n't you ?
It does n't diminish the quality of the shot , though .
I keep coming back and looking at it .
Awesome !
Exactly .
I knew this was coming , but have enjoyed the ride .
jeff
Serious bummer about the DQ .
You entered this before the other one was DQ'd , did n't you ?
It does n't diminish the quality of the shot , though .
I keep coming back and looking at it .
Awesome !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This shot is amazing !!
I myself have been doing the same thing with my hummingbirds , pre set manual focus , waiting , waiting , waiting , most of my 328 shots going to recycle bin with a few keepers .
It 's an inspiring shot for me to see and I KNOW how difficult these are to capture !
Congrats !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
WOW ....
Uber -gorgeous ... you can retire now !
Photographer found comment helpful .
i could look at thios picture for ever ...its stunning ... well done
Photographer found comment helpful .
Amazing shot .. congratulation on your Blue Ribbon .
Well deserved for this magnificent personal triumph .
Photographer found comment helpful .
congratulations on your wonderful image and deserving Blue Ribbon
This is indeed a triumph !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is an absolutely wonderful shot , worth all of your effort and congrats on your ' Personal Triumph '
Photographer found comment helpful .
lol I think that about sums it up
Originally posted by Chinabun : Personally I wouldve title this " Beginning to Fly " I couldnt give 2 $ %hi ! S about your new lens and how it relates to the photo .
Other than that , I like it .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Holey friggin COW !!!!
now that 's worth triumphing over !
GOOD JOB !
Photographer found comment helpful .
how in the world did you manage not to frighten the hummer shooting it with a macro lens .
i have had enough trouble shooting it with a telephoto lens , so the effort it must have taken to get this kind of clarity with a macro lens is outstanding .
I missed voting in this poll , but if I had I would have given you a 10 .
thanks for sharing this vivid capture with us and encouraging us to do our personal best .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Jeff , that 's truly an amazing capture .
So much detail is hardly seen .
Photographer found comment helpful .
i tought this will be ribbon ... congratz ! , btw : i gave this 5 with no reason at all , : shame on me
Photographer found comment helpful .
The colors are amazing , how did you capture this photo so vividly .
It 's just gourgeous .
Photographer found comment helpful .
great shot
Photographer found comment helpful .
Nice shot .
I know from personal experience how difficult and time consuming the effort took .
Congrats
Photographer found comment helpful .
Amazing .
I have been trying forever to get a picture like this .
Are n't they wonderful little jems ?
Congradulations on the wonderful picture .
Photographer found comment helpful .
That 's not even " thinking outside the box " ,
" Shoe - horning " , a super photo , Yes .
Some might say , " Gee , could have photographed a speeding train " , all of our First - Steps taken on 2 - Legs , are Personal Triumphs ( boring ) .
But comparatively , everyone knows hummingbirds are " Faster - and - More - Elusive " .
IF I got a more partial Frontal - Closeup shot of a fast moving Cheetah or a Charging white Rhino , that may have come in 2nd - Place .
A Cheetah catching it 's prey in middair , that 's a triumph for both .
" Triumph " Spitfire ...
Not .
Photographer found comment helpful .
AMazing !
Congrats on the blue , and congrats for capturing this little beauty with your macro . :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Stretching the challenge a bit are n't you ? ;-)
No only joking , this a great shot and fully deserves the ribbon .
Well done !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great job !
Can you post any outtakes or post - processing details on this one ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
Fantastic capture !
Congrats on the blue ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
amazing detail .
Congrats on being truimphant .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Although , as many have stated , this does n't fit the challenge in the literal sense ... to those who have ever tried taking shots of these amazing birds , triumph is the only word to describe your picture .
This is an outstanding and , due to the elusiveness of the humdingers , very unique photograph !!
Congrats on the blue , but mostly on being so patient in order to attain this thing of beauty !
I , amongst many others , am extremely envious and jealous !!!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
I 've got a couple of pretty good hummer shots dude , but you 've just raised the bar to a whole new level .
Congrats !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is awesome !
I have been wanting to do the very same thing myself .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow - what an INCREDIBLE shot .
One of the sharpest in - flight shots I 've ever seen .
I 'm not surprised to read the number of frames you had to take to achieve this one .
Wonderful work !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Aaaaaaah .
The KARMA ...
Works all the time ;)
Photographer found comment helpful .
I loved this when I voted on it !
Congrats on your blue ( again :P ) !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wonderful shot !
I have taken hundreds of hummer shots in your first 2 categories , so I know how hard this is !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Well , it does n't look like you wasted any time getting back up on that pony and getting yourself another blue ribbon .
Congratulations !
Photographer found comment helpful .
OHMYGOSH . . . I 'm still trying for a really good hummingbird photo .
Now I have something to aspire to :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
that 's an amazing capture , perfectly sharp where it counts and nice motion blur where you want it !
A triumph indeed !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Truly stunning shot .. well done &congratulations .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Fantastic shot - Congrats on your ribbon and on achieving your goal !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Awesome shot !
Nice achievement !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Hmmm , a hummingbird or a pigeon ( hole ) .
Amazing shot though .
Message edited by author 2007-08-08 04:56:57 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
It is a really great photo but it does n't really convey " triumph " .
Your description is just trying to " make it fit " for this particular challenge .
No offense .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations on your well deserved blue !
its an outstanding shot , I can only imagine how difficult it must have been to take !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Originally posted by whiterook : I gave you a seven .
This is a great shot .
It is not the issue .
I believe
they are alot of spoiled or richgrown up kids in this club .
If people do n't think have a house and boat on the water does n't mean success !
what in gods name are you trying to say ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
I gave you a seven .
This is a great shot .
It is not the issue .
I believe
they are alot of spoiled or richgrown up kids in this club .
If people do n't think have a house and boat on the water does n't mean success !
Apparently it was very fitting for this challenge .
Stunning photo - much deserved blue - congratulations !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on your first blue ribbon !
Very well deserved - excellent capture !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is the most incredible hummingbird shot I have ever seen .
This is indeed a triumph .
The detail and color are awesome .
Congratulations on this beautiful capture , and on the blue ribbon triumph !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
congratulations on the blue !!.. this is a wonderful photo
Photographer found comment helpful .
what perfect clarity ... you should definitely be proud ... i sure am ... wow !
great job , keep up the great work
Photographer found comment helpful .
Having done this for hours as well I can truly appreciate the triumph of doing this .
especially with a 60 mm macro .
I have enough trouble with the 180 mm .
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow .... all i can say , and congrats .
im very very jealous
Photographer found comment helpful .
Comments Made During the Challenge
wow !!
great shot !!
a bit of a strecth for the challenge .
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow !
never saw it that close !
fantastic shot , even though a bit far from the challenge theme
Photographer found comment helpful .
... and very well done too :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Beautiful !!!!!!!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
... and a pretty nice shot it is :-)
Photographer found comment helpful .
WOW !!!
What a great shot .
But I think you will run into problems regarding theme relation .
I however give you 10 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
That 's a beautiful shot !
I 'm afraid I would have no clue how it meant triumph without the title , though .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Man ... that 's amazing .
Just amazing ... I 've nothing to say but this is my fav !
WOW !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow , that IS a triumph !
Gorgeous shot !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Good clarity in the eyes and feathers on the head , and nice blur in the wings .
Nice colours , too .
Certainly a ribbon contender .
Photographer found comment helpful .
I can see how capturing this little guy would be a personal triumph , gratz .
Nice detail beautiful colour
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is a beautiful shot ... the colours are so vivid .. well done
Photographer found comment helpful .
While I normally do n't even glance at the caption of the image ( I tend to think that if you have to tell me how the image fits the challenge , you have n't done a very good job ) , I really was impressed with this shot and I 'm more than happy to use the caption to tie to the challenge so I can give you a great score .
As someone that shoots a lot with a macro lens too , I 'm extremely impressed with this shot .
Photographer found comment helpful .
very sharp ! , i like this shot
Photographer found comment helpful .
Beuatiful macro shot .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Amazing shot
Photographer found comment helpful .
great picture , I mean really great , but outside of the title does n't really fit the challenge .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Well , the title is kinda ...?
But the photo - Sweet !
Nice work .
10
Photographer found comment helpful .
bravo !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow ! nice capture .
Only drawback , in my personal opinion , is about the background color .
I wish if the background was full green .
9 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Amazing sharpness !
This is truly breathtaking !
Photographer found comment helpful .
I can identify with that feeling of triumph .
this is a wonderful photo
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow , outstanding detail and colors .
Congrats !
Photographer found comment helpful .
I loved it !
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow , beautiful ... im jealous !!
was this heavily cropped ?
love the colours !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
great capture !
10
Photographer found comment helpful .
Grats on you shoehorn .
This shot does n't convey triumph or success , only the title does .
Your new macro lens is quite nice and this is a really good photo .
Perfect clarity in the birds feathers without sharpening halos on the edges .
Plus I find the amount of motion blur in the wings to be dead on perfect as well .
Got all excited and just had to enter it though eh ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
I very nice shot on top of it as well !
Very nice detail and color !
Be proud of this one !
Photographer found comment helpful .
nice shot
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow -- excellent .
Congratulations on getting that shot
Photographer found comment helpful .
Gorgeous , a wonderful accomplishment
Photographer found comment helpful .
this is a great shot
Photographer found comment helpful .
Easily one of the best hummingbird shots on DPC .
The level of detail in the feathers is captivating .
I can't wait to see the specs on the glass as well as an explanation of how you were able to get this shot .
Very well done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
congratulations !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is an amazing capture .
Perfect focus , nice composition , great color .
Though I bet it wo n't score as well as it might have in another challenge simply because it relies on the title to convey the " triumph " .
Photographer found comment helpful .
WOW !
Amazing shot !
What great detail .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wonderful shot !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow !
That is just fantastic !!!
I hope you ribbon with this awesome shot !
Photographer found comment helpful .
AMAZING !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
It may be a triumph for you but without the word ' Triumph ' in the title , I would never have gotten ' Triumph ' out of the picture .
Nice work but not really close enough to the challenge .
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a beautiful hummingbird .
I have been trying to photograph the hummingbirds in my yard but they 're too quick !
This is a great shot !
Nicely done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow ... nice shot !
Photographer found comment helpful .
That 's a disgusting amount of detail .
A personal triumph indeed , congrats on an outstanding shot !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Nice capture - Great sharpness and wonderful colours - this really is a great capture but would probably do better in another challenge - great shot though
Photographer found comment helpful .
Been trying for years to get a photo this nice of hummingbird , , , Great job & highest vote from me of the challenge ! ( 9 )
Photographer found comment helpful .
great job !
7
Photographer found comment helpful .
Personally I wouldve title this " Beginning to Fly " I couldnt give 2 $ %hi ! S about your new lens and how it relates to the photo .
Other than that , I like it .
Short intro: Press releases were originally designed as a communication tool between company PR staff or public relations firms and the media .
But now that online news sites such as Yahoo News and Google News contain such an abundance of press release content and RSS makes it easy to syndicate news , press releases can be effectively used as a direct to consumer communication tool .
I am not a professional marketing specialist - frankly speaking all my life I was very far from marketing at all , and most of " marketing " for me was the word MLM ;-) which I do not like .
However , it 's been my passion at the same time .
Only now I am trying to figure out my own way out there , and here are am I sharing some results .
I had few products to sell ( they had Web sites , and they are online businesses ) and the owners were incredible believed that PPC / PPA will work for them the best .
They spend tons of money on AdSense and Yahoo's Overture tools , but well -- the success was not quite there .
They tried dozens of different ads / copy / wording / etc.
Still not there .
So then they finally allowed me to " play " .
I am learning stuff by " playing " around .
Hopefully it can help .
Sometimes it does not , but finally it always works -- it 's only about timing ;-) Well , so I did try PR ( press releases ) .
I do not have English degree , and I am far from being good speaker / writer ( you can tell ! ) .
But still .
I was able to release few PRs with the help of PRLeap , PR , PRWeb and PRBuzz which were related to release of new version of my friend 's software ( which he sells on the web ) , and he did get four times much more visitors ( and 2.6999999 ... times more sales !!! ) than he ever did before .
And he spent the same amount of money which he usually spends with PPC / PPA stuff .
But please be aware that press releases can result in nothing much at all ! -
I did get that too 10 or 15 times I tried them .
Each day , news sites are inundated with press releases about everything and anything .
There are avalanches of useless “ news ” stories designed to promote a product , service or view point , and most are destined for the trash .
There ’s an old joke : if you do n’t want anybody to know about a scandal , issue a press release about it .
However , a good press release can work wonders ( see above ! ) .
If your press release is picked up by major news sites , it will obviously generate links and attention .
Quick tips from me ( I got 4 press releases declined before I wa able to make it work ) :-
Be relevant to your target audience - just have your audience in mind as your write the release . -
Do n't issue old news .-
Make it personal , but remember to follow PR rules ( write from the third person , etc . ) -
If in doubt , replicate what " big guys " did .
Who are they ?
Just take a look of ads / PRs of huge companies in your sector / industry .
To crown it all , few words more -- with web PR you can get a lot of SEO benefits , among which is " sharing " their nice PageRank , and being likely picked up with other website replicating news wire 's content .
Do n't think it 's a panacea , still .
If you are satisfied with PPC - you are fine .
But you can also enjoy PR at the same time , why not ?
Will increasing gas prices keep you from going on vacation ?
Answer here Switching to DISH Network - the reason now .
Miscellaneous deals on The best of hidden
Labels : affiliate marketing , online marketing , PPC , PR , press release , web business
Watchdog says CIA mishandling declassification duties , wasting resources Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday December 6 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
The CIA is wasting resources devoted to declassifying decades - old intelligence documents by reviewing the same documents several times and trying to re-classify information that has already been released to the public , an open - government watchdog charges .
" I believe that CIA has been improperly withholding declassified information as if it were classified , " Steven Aftergood , who heads the Federation of American Scientists '
Project on Government Secrecy , wrote Thursday in a letter to the director of the CIA 's Information Security Oversight Office .
Aftergood points to two different versions of a declassified CIA history of " The Berlin Tunnel Operation , 1952 - 1956 . "
The CIA recently released one version of a report on the operation -- which aimed to tap Soviet phone lines by tunneling into Berlin -- that was declassified in July ; however , a version of the same report already was released in February .
" Astonishingly , much of the text that was released in February is marked as classified in the July version ! "
Aftergood writes on the project 's Secrecy News blog .
The July report , for example , did not even include the code - name of the operation -- PBJOINTLY , which was published in the February version .
Furthermore , July 's version heavily redacted two previously declassified appendices to the report totaling 21 pages .
Another report , " Record of Paramilitary Action Against the Castro Government of Cuba " from 1961 , also was posted online by the CIA after it was subjected to declassification review this year .
However , as Aftergood notes , the same report was reviewed a decade ago , and a version containing no less information was released in 1998 .
" In other words , " Aftergood writes at Secrecy News , " despite the CIA 's expenditure of scarce declassification resources to process the document twice , no value was added by doing so . "
The CIA made news with its zealous classification earlier this year when outed - spy Valerie Plame Wilson sued the agency claiming it was interfering with her memoir by refusing to allow her to write how long she was with the CIA .
That information already existed in the public sphere , however , because it is contained in an unclassified letter from the CIA to Wilson that has been published in the Congressional Record .
( To avoid what she saw as the CIA 's obstructionism , Plame included in her memoir an afterword by American Prospect reporter Laura Rozen , who filled in censored dates and places from published sources . )
For Aftergood and the Project on Government Secrecy , the CIA 's shortfalls are n't about settling a personal matter , as much as about ensuring historians have access to as much of the agency 's records as possible .
" For the CIA to represent the material that was newly redacted in July 2007 as classified when in fact it has been declassified and published by the CIA itself is , I believe , a violation of the executive order , " Aftergood wrote in his letter to the agency .
" It generates confusion and suggests poor quality control , if not something worse . "
But for the reasons set forth above ( and a full case would fill many volumes ) , the Democrats are not going to impeach any of these criminals , barring events entirely unforeseeable at present .
And they will not for one overwhelmingly significant and determinative reason : always with regard to the underlying principles , and frequently with regard to the specifics , the Democrats are implicated in every single crime with which they would charge the members of the administration .
The Republicans ' crimes are their crimes .
Of course , if the Democrats had any convictions that were genuinely opposed to the corporatist , authoritarian , warfare state , they would begin impeachment proceedings against both Bush and Cheney immediately upon Congress 's return in September ( and they would have begun them months ago ) -- because impeachment is deserved 1,000 times over in both cases , and because such proceedings might make an attack on Iran less likely .
That would also assume that the Washington Democrats had some strategic smarts .
Democrats with deeply held convictions that impelled them to principled action that was not guaranteed to be successful , and clever about the implementation of a plan -- one that did n't directly concern an election -- that demanded their careful attention for more than a week or two ?
Excuse me for a moment .
Sorry .
I had to collapse to the floor in helpless laughter for a few minutes , and then slowly pull myself back up so I could get to the keyboard .
So impeachment WON'T hurt the Democrats politically .
Not even in terms of 2008 .
Why , it might HELP them -- and help them to an overwhelming victory .
Not incidentally , it would also signal to the world that there are at least some people in our national life who give a damn about the Constitution , about the law ( including international law ) , about moral law , about the value of human life , about civilization , about decency .
It might save us from being unceremoniously heaved into the filthiest of trash heaps , where we deservedly belong .
More and more Democrats themselves admit that impeachment is the unquestionably appropriate remedy , and fully DESERVED .
It wo n't hurt them politically .
So why wo n't they do it ?
One more time -- first , what I said that is excerpted above : [ Impeachment ] is the one method the Democrats will categorically , absolutely not utilize -- because the Democrats are a crucial , inextricable part of the identical authoritarian - corporatist system that has led us to these horrors .
They have all worked toward this end over many decades , Democrats and Republicans alike , and now the horrors manifest themselves explicitly , without apology , even with the sickening boastfulness of the mass murderer who is proud of what he has done , and who vehemently believes he is right .
Or as I put it in an earlier essay : ...
Try to grasp this finally , before it is too late : the Democrats may differ from the Republicans on matters of detail , or emphasis , or style .
But with regard to the fundamental political principles involved , everything that has happened over the last six years -- just as is the case with everything that has happened over the last one hundred years -- is what the Democrats want , too .
This should not be a difficult point to understand .
The historical record is compelling in its clarity , and overpowering in its length and volume .
A corporatist , authoritarian state is what the ruling elites want , and it is precisely what serves their interests , Republican and Democrat alike .
They know it ; they count on your inability or refusal to see it .
That 's why they wo n't do it .
That 's why impeachment is " off the table . "
Try , please try for crap 's sake , to understand this .
I am weary of explaining it .
But I will keep explaining it , until at least 15 of you get it .
At the current rate , I expect that to take until 2018 .
Even now , I 'm an optimist .
Go figure .
Ah , but the Democrats will investigate the Bush administration 's endless crimes .
The investigations will restore honesty , decency and " true " American values to government .
All the universes will be saved !
Do people actually believe this nonsense ?
All such investigations will be exactly like all other government investigations of itself .
People seem congenitally incapable of grasping that all politicians are now part of the same corrupt system , which aims only to protect itself and its existing prerogatives , as it simultaneously seeks to expand them .
( The exceptions in the political class are so few that they do n't matter . )
In the end , all such investigations and committee hearings will conclude just as the 9/11 investigation concluded ( and any other investigation you care to name ) : some criticisms will be made , general fault will be found but no one in particular will be condemned in terms that might cause distress , and some new guidelines and regulations will be proposed and enacted .
Neither party wants to judge the other too harshly or cause irreparable harm : they do n't want to , because they count on the same consideration in return .
Both parties are happy to accede to this deal , for it is precisely how their system continues on its merry course , guaranteeing their lives of immense comfort and privilege , together with their hold on power .
Many of the rest of us , both here and abroad , will be screwed , maimed or dead -- and just when exactly did that concern the governing class ?
Every now and then , when I am in a particularly self - punishing mood and feel I deserve some suffering for my sins , real or imagined , I read comment threads on various blogs , where commenters are debating the merits and failings of a minor league blogger who goes by the name Arthur Silber .
As I say , I only engage in this ill - advised practice on rare occasions ; besides , my writing is n't discussed that much by anyone , so it 's not as if the opportunity arises with any regularity .
One comment that I 've seen more than a few times typically goes like this : " Silber has been amazingly prescient .
he 's predicted has come true .
I do n't know how he does it . "
That 's all very nice , and I also think it happens to be true .
But when I first saw this sort of remark a year or so ago , I would usually get very angry .
I wanted to shout , or at least add a comment of my own , all in capital letters : " SO WHY WON'T YOU LISTEN TO METhe primary subject about which I would have such thoughts is the one that ought to concern everyone , the only subject that matters now in terms of what it could mean for the future of the world , and of the United States : the probability of an attack on Iran .
Did you hear that ?
An attack on Iran .
Do you understand what I 'm saying ?
A LIKELY ATTACK ON IRAN .
Never mind .
The point is that even commenters who offer this kind of praise for my musings willlisten to me now , despite what they themselves admit is a track record of 100 % accuracy , or as close to 100 % accuracy as anyone is likely to come .
For such commenters always go on to add : " Oh , but I do n't read him regularly .
I can't .
He 's just too damned depressing .
" Please note that they docontend that I 'm wrong or inaccurate in what I see coming down the road .
They acknowledge that I 've been right before , and that I 'm probably right now .
But they would prefer not to think about it .
It 's just toodoncha know .
Of course , this is an entirely valid and useful approach to politics , and to life in general .
When the deadly boulder topples over the edge of the cliff and is headed toward a landing directly on top of where you 're standing below , it 's always most advisable to close your eyes , stick your fingers in your ears , and say over and over and over again : " It 's not happening !
There 's no boulder !
It will be fine !
NOTHING'S WRONG !!
IT 'S NOT HAPPENING !!!!
" Those of us who survive what may be coming will do our best to scoop up your pitifully splattered remains , and give you a decent burial .
Never let it be said that we are disrespectful , or vindictive in even the smallest degree .
We shall honor your memory , just as it deserves to be honored .
Many people consider it bad form to say , " I told you so . "
But I have , in detail , on many different subjects , most importantly in connection with trying to prevent terrible future events .
Have I mentioned the likelihood of AN ATTACK ON IRAN ?
Forget it .
Oh , you already have .
Good for you !
Anyway , only a few people listen to me -- I 'ma downer -- so what the hell .
For many months , I have been saying that this Democratic Congress would never , ever impeach anyone in the Bush administration .
I said it in " Blinded by the Story " I said it in " From the Department of Not Going to Happen " I said it again recently , in " Get Out the Razor " And I 've said it in a number of other posts .
In the latest installment of my " Final Descent " series , I mentioned an illuminating conversation between Jonathan Turley and Randi Rhodes , on Rhodes ' radio show .
The topic on that occasion was the increasingly widespread use of a specific form of police intimidation typical of a more and more tyrannical state .
When the police approach or question you , even if you have done absolutely nothing criminal and nothing wrong at all , if you dothat the police may later construe as " resisting arrest , " they will arrest you -- even if there had been nothing to arrest you for in the first instance .
Oh , my , you are thinking .
Why that means the police could arrest anyone -- and Exactly .
The state and the numerous representatives who execute its authority understand that ; it 's time more of you did .
Rhodes invited Turley to be her guest again today .
Their discussion began with the government 's systematic abuse of the state secrets privilege : how the government uses the privilege to shield itself from the exposure of any and all of its many criminal acts .
Invoke the state secrets privilege , and the case is stopped dead in its tracks .
Eventually , when the privilege is invoked a sufficient number of times and on enough points critical to a specific case , the lawsuit goes away entirely .
They then turned to impeachment , and why it is not going to happen -- and exactly how the Democrats are doing everything in their power to makeit does n't happen .
Rhodes said she wanted Turley to explain his views , because Turley 's insights had helped to make clear what Rhodes herself had not been able to understand .
Rhodes said she had n't understoodwhy the Democrats would n't pursue hearings and investigations more aggressively , why they keep talking about retroactive immunity for the telecom companies ( see " It 's Called the Ruling Class Because It Rules , " for a discussion of that and related subjects ) , and in general why the Democrats act like a pathetic , horribly abused dog that is regularly beaten almost to death .
( If you 'd been reading my blog , Randi , you would have understood it months ago !
No , on this point I am not remotely humble . )
For all the good they 've done on any subject of importance , the Democrats might as well have taken the last year off .
That could only have been an improvement .
They have turned themselves into almost non-existent blobs of putrefying flesh , without the excuse of being non-existent or dead .
So if you did n't believe it when I said it , listen up .
Here is what Turley had to say .
The Democrats will never pursue hearings or investigations of the Bush administration beyond a certain point the Democrats consider " safe , " they will not object to the administration derailing any case of moment by invoking the state secrets privilege , they keep telecom immunity alive , and the Democrats act in countless other ways to bury and cover up the crimes of the Bush gang , because there is one eventuality they fear more than any other : if there were ever to be a finding -- by a court , in Congressional committee , or anywhere else -- that the Bush administration , including the president himself , in factthen they wouldto begin impeachment hearings .
It is inconceivable that evenrepellent Congress could ignore , for example , a court determination that Bush had ordered torture -- which , as Turley pointed out , would constitute a war crime
The same would be true of any finding that the administration , perhaps including the president himself , had committed a crime by ordering illegal domestic surveillance .
Turley additionally noted that this is why the Democrats went out of their way to " save " the administration on the Mukasey nomination .
The , or at least key Democratic leaders , did n'tMukasey to say that water boarding constitutes torture .
That would mean that administration officials had committed a war crime -- again , They wouldto begin impeachment hearings , once the meaning of the admission sank in .
So the Democrats made certain that the question could be avoided , and that Mukasey was confirmed by a comfortable margin ( see , " There Is No ' Lesser ' Evil Now " ) .
The broader point that Turley went on to make is the one I 've made repeatedly , in the essays linked above and in others as well .
" These are not principled people in this city , " Turley correctly noted .
He said he was sorry to have to say it , but it 's the inescapable truth .
Turley said that , with regard to the most critical dynamics in play , party designations do n't matter much at all : " They do n't believe in principle .
Turley thus made precisely the same point that I made in an article I wrote just before the 2006 elections
Do you understand now ?
Do you finally get it ?
I truly am weary of explaining facts that should be obvious to a not very bright , woefully underachieving six - year - old -- particularly when I 'm dealing with adults who are resolutely determined to render themselves deaf , dumb and blind in perpetuity .
There is still a chance -- now a very dim and remote one , I grant you -- to prevent an attack on Iran .
Here 's that detailed program again , with a more recent version of part of it in the concluding part of this essay .
Oh , that 's right .
You do n't want to hear about any of that .
It 's just too goddamned depressing .
God , most Americans are abysmally pathetic .
I do n't know why I even bother any longer .
I think that it is a gross injustice that the federal government is allowed to subject its loyal empolyees to polygraph harrassment and abuse .
If the polygraph is n't going well , the session quickly turns into an adversarial interrogation .
Then , the loyal emploee , is berated , accused of sexual deviancy and accused of treason .
This can go on for hours and hours and the loyal employee , who desperately wants to pass , keeps putting up with the abuse for hours , hoping to convince the polygrapher that he / she is telling the truth .
The fact of the matter is , once they have made up their minds , no amount of talking will change their minds .
I was interrogated , berated , accused of treason by two men for hours , while strapped to a chair .
This session became very personal and ended with me admitting to being raped .
The polygraph perverts wanted to hear all of the details and just refused to believe that I was n't a traiter .
This was like reliving the rape all over again .
8 months later I tried to kill myself .
I have been a loyal government employee for 21 years and I was treated worse than any criminal that I have ever interviewed .
I just can't believe that it is ok to subject our own people to this type of abuse / torture .
I still have n't passed the test and my career is ruined , all for nothing .
It is all bullshit , but there is nothing I can do about it .
There was a lot of lying going on in that room , but all of it was coming from the polygraphers .
I find it ironic that I was being berated for being a liar , when I was telling the truth , and the polygraphers lied to me throughout the process .
It 's just rediculous .
The emperor has no clothes .
The government wraps itself in the cloak of ploygraph security , but their is no cloak .
They do n't catch any one , except for getting people to admit they smoked pot 20 years ago .
They certainly did n't catch Proutty .
If we had been spending more money on BIs , instead of contracting those out and relying on the stupid polygraph , we would be much more secure .
Back to top
Washington Mutual to close 190 offices MORTGAGE MELTDOWN
It will shut 12 Bay Area home loan centers , expects to lose $ 1 billion in 1st quarter of '08
Washington Mutual Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kerry Killinger speaks during a forum on housing , Monday , Dec. 3 , 2007 , at the National Press Club in Washington .
( AP Photo / Manuel Balce Ceneta ) Washington Mutual Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kerry Killinger speaks during a forum on housing , Monday , Dec. 3 , 2007 , at the National Press Club in Washington .
( AP Photo / Manuel Balce Ceneta ) Photo : Manuel Balce Ceneta Photo : Manuel Balce Ceneta Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Washington Mutual to close 190 offices 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Washington Mutual Inc. , the nation 's largest savings and loan , said Monday that problems in the mortgage and credit markets are forcing it to close offices , lay off more than 3,000 workers and set aside up to $ 1.6 billion for loan losses in its fourth quarter .
Additionally , the company slashed its quarterly dividend 73 percent and said it plans a $ 2.5 billion offering of convertible preferred stock .
Washington Mutual has not yet priced the offering , but increasing the total number of company shares will dilute their value for existing stockholders .
In after - hours trading , shares fell $ 1.73 , or nearly 9 percent , to $ 18.15 following the company 's announcement .
Chairman Kerry Killinger said in a statement that " significant expense reductions " were needed " to further fortify " the bank 's capital and liquidity .
The Seattle thrift dismantled much of its subprime mortgage business in September , cutting 1,000 jobs related to the sale of home loans to people with questionable credit .
It folded the remaining subprime operations into its regular mortgage business .
The savings and loan will now get out of the subprime mortgage business entirely .
The company said it will close about 190 of its 335 home loan centers and sales offices , shut down nine call centers , and eliminate 2,600 home loan workers and 550 corporate and support jobs .
Locally , Washington Mutual spokeswoman Elizabeth Borrelli said 110 jobs would be eliminated with the closure of a retail home loan fulfillment center in Pleasanton .
Another 20 jobs will be cut in San Francisco .
Elsewhere in California , Washington Mutual will close home - loan - related offices in Downey ( Los Angeles County ) , 35 jobs ; Irwindale ( Los Angeles County ) , 35 jobs ; and Irvine , 230 jobs .
Spokesman Gary Kirshner said Washington Mutual will also shutter 31 home loan centers in Northern California .
These will include 12 Bay Area locations : two each in San Francisco and San Jose , plus one center each in Dublin , Lafayette , Los Altos , Oakland , Pleasant Hill , San Bruno , San Rafael and Saratoga .
These changes , meant to address what the company called " unprecedented challenges in the mortgage and credit markets , " will save the thrift $ 140 million in the fourth quarter .
But the company still expects to post a loss , due in part to a $ 1.6 billion charge for the write - down of goodwill associated with the shrinking home loans business .
On top of that , Washington Mutual increased its loan loss provision to $ 1.5 billion to $ 1.6 billion for the fourth quarter , from the $ 1.1 billion to $ 1.3 billion predicted by executives in early November .
For the first quarter of 2008 , the company said it expects loan losses to total $ 1.8 billion to $ 2 billion .
Loan losses will remain high throughout the year , the thrift added .
The company also slashed its quarterly dividend to 15 cents per share from its most recent dividend of 56 cents per share , for savings of more than $ 1 billion .
Moody 's Investors Service downgraded several long - term and short - term ratings for the company and said in a statement that the move " was based on its view that credit losses from WaMu 's mortgage operations will be noticeably higher than previously estimated . "
The credit rating agency said it does n't expect the company 's profitability to begin to recover until 2010 .
Fitch Ratings also downgraded the thrift 's credit ratings .
Before the news , shares rose about 85 cents , or more than 4 percent , to close at $ 19.88 Monday .
As a furry pup lover , there ’s no way you can measure the amount of fulfillment and satisfaction you get from your cuddly companion .
Dogs improve our moods , encourage healthy behaviors , help us recover from illness and keep us safe .
For all our dogs do for us , it ’s only natural we take good care of our four - legged friends .
The Chewy Dog Shop has all the dog supplies your pup needs .
You ’ll find quality dog supplies including the best dog food , dog toys , dog vitamins and dog supplements from trusted brands .
Whether it ’s helping find the right dog kibble or canned dog food for your pet ’s nutritional needs , or dog supplements to correct deficiencies , Chewy is here for you and your furry friend through all the stages of her life .
Chewy ’s dog supplies help you care for your pet with pet products to meet her every need because your pup ’s needs will change as she ages from playful pup to sleepy senior .
Dog food and treats are essential dog supplies .
When it comes to shopping for the best dog food , get help deciding between crunchy kibble and canned varieties with reviews from other pet parents .
Have a pet with special nutritional needs ?
Chewy carries dog food specially formulated for pets with dog food sensitivities and allergies .
Find tasty dog treats to reward your dog for good behavior .
We have a wide variety of delicious snacks packed with healthy ingredients for your caring canine .
Raw dog food can give your dog a shinier coat , healthier skin , cleaner teeth and give your pup more energy .
Playtime is an important part of your dog ’s development and happiness .
Play also gives your dog the exercise she needs to stay healthy and avoid joint issues later in life .
Make play more fun with the right dog toy for your energetic pup .
Choose between dog balls , plush toys , interactive dog toys , dog puzzles , chew toys and more from quality brands you know and love , like USA Bones & Chews and KONG .
Dog dental care is another vital part of your dog ’s overall health .
Take care of those canine teeth with dog dental care products like Greenies dog dental chews .
Dog dental chews and regular brushing can help protect your dog ’s dental health in between professional cleanings .
Beds for dogs are important to make sure your pup has a comfortable place to sleep .
No matter what you need to make life better for your dog , Chewy has dog supplies from trusted brands your pup will love .
Popular Dog Products : Dog Houses , Dog Beds , Dog Kennels , Dog Crates , Dog Costumes , Doggie Doors , Dog Car Seats , Dog Flea Collars , Dog ID Tags , Dog Gates
In a familiar high - school chemistry demonstration , an instructor first uses electricity to split liquid water into its constituent gases , hydrogen and oxygen .
Then , by combining the two gases and igniting them with a spark , the instructor changes the gases back into water with a loud pop .
Scientists at the University of Illinois have discovered a new way to make water , and without the pop .
Not only can they make water from unlikely starting materials , such as alcohols , their work could also lead to better catalysts and less expensive fuel cells .
" We found that unconventional metal hydrides can be used for a chemical process called oxygen reduction , which is an essential part of the process of making water , " said Zachariah Heiden , a doctoral student and lead author of a paper accepted for publication in the Journal of the American Chemical Society , and posted on its Web site .
A water molecule ( formally known as dihydrogen monoxide ) is composed of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom .
But you can't simply take two hydrogen atoms and stick them onto an oxygen atom .
The actual reaction to make water is a bit more complicated : 2H 2 + O 2 = 2H 2 O + Energy .
In English , the equation says :
To produce two molecules of water ( H 2 O ) , two molecules of diatomic hydrogen ( H 2 ) must be combined with one molecule of diatomic oxygen ( O 2 ) .
Energy will be released in the process .
" This reaction ( 2H 2 + O 2 = 2H 2 O + Energy ) has been known for two centuries , but until now no one has made it work in a homogeneous solution , " said Thomas Rauchfuss , a U. of I. professor of chemistry and the paper 's corresponding author .
The well - known reaction also describes what happens inside a hydrogen fuel cell .
advertisement
In a typical fuel cell , the diatomic hydrogen gas enters one side of the cell , diatomic oxygen gas enters the other side .
The hydrogen molecules lose their electrons and become positively charged through a process called oxidation , while the oxygen molecules gain four electrons and become negatively charged through a process called reduction .
The negatively charged oxygen ions combine with positively charged hydrogen ions to form water and release electrical energy .
The " difficult side " of the fuel cell is the oxygen reduction reaction , not the hydrogen oxidation reaction , Rauchfuss said .
" We found , however , that new catalysts for oxygen reduction could also lead to new chemical means for hydrogen oxidation . "
Rauchfuss and Heiden recently investigated a relatively new generation of transfer hydrogenation catalysts for use as unconventional metal hydrides for oxygen reduction .
In their JACS paper , the researchers focus exclusively on the oxidative reactivity of iridium - based transfer hydogenation catalysts in a homogenous , non-aqueous solution .
They found the iridium complex effects both the oxidation of alcohols , and the reduction of the oxygen .
" Most compounds react with either hydrogen or oxygen , but this catalyst reacts with both , " Heiden said .
" It reacts with hydrogen to form a hydride , and then reacts with oxygen to make water ; and it does this in a homogeneous , non-aqueous solvent . "
The new catalysts could lead to eventual development of more efficient hydrogen fuel cells , substantially lowering their cost , Heiden said .
The work was funded by the U.S. Department of Energy .
As most of you probably know by now , Windows Vista is proving to be a mixed bag of happy improvements and irkful headaches .
Yes , there 's the shiny new Aero Glass UI , which really does look nicer than Windows XP 's offerings ( though it comes with its own set of headaches ) .
On the other hand , there are numerous instances of rather uncool things being done in the background , such as Vista 's new ( and decidedly unshiny ) Virgin Stack .
The argument over whether or not users should upgrade to Microsoft 's latest offering abound , and are beyond the scope of this particular post .
But from what I 've seen , read , and heard , not enough people outside the more geekish circles are really seeing the important pros and cons of the new OS beyond the purely cosmetic changes .
This is probably one of the reasons behind the recent founding of sites like BadVista and the noise they are trying to stir up .
I 've heard all manner of rumors and rumbles concerning the copy - protection technologies that are supposedly built into Vista .
The credible ones make me sad , and a little nervous about the future , but at the end of the day they did n't have much impact beyond " Well , there 's yet another reason to get a Mac or switch to Linux . "
Reading a recent paper by one Peter Gutmann changed that .
The basic story here is that Microsoft is introducing a large suite of features and technology that enable Vista to control and enforce the use of so - called " premium content " ... which amounts to copy - protected media such as HD - DVD and Blu-ray disks .
This not only takes a lot of software technology to accomplish , but also requires a large amount of new hardware , as well as new driver technology to support it .
The end result is that successful playback of this " premium content " demands that a secure connection is made between the media 's reader device and the display it is projected onto .
If this secure connection cannot be established ( whether it be because you are using unsupported hardware connections , unsupported drivers or chipsets , or whatever ) or if that connection is even interrupted , playback will silently fail .
The results of this can be anything from severely degraded playback results , to a completely black display .
Details of how and why this will happen , as well as the ramifications of Microsoft essentially forcing this technology on hardware manufacturers can be found in the paper .
If you think that degraded output really is n't more than an annoyance , you may be surprised to learn differently .
Beyond the obvious playback - quality implications of deliberately degraded output , this measure can have serious repercussions in applications where high - quality reproduction of content is vital .
For example the field of medical imaging either bans outright or strongly frowns on any form of lossy compression because artifacts introduced by the compression process can cause mis-diagnoses and in extreme cases even become life - threatening .
Consider a medical IT worker who 's using a medical imaging PC while listening to audio / video played back by the computer ( the CDROM drives installed in workplace PCs inevitably spend most of their working lives playing music or MP3 CDs to drown out workplace noise ) .
If there 's any premium content present in there , the image will be subtly altered by Vista 's content protection , potentially creating exactly the life - threatening situation that the medical industry has worked so hard to avoid .
The scary thing is that there 's no easy way around this - Vista will silently modify displayed content under certain ( almost impossible - to - predict in advance ) situations discernable only to Vista 's built - in content - protection subsystem .
Some other choice tidbits include how Vista 's copy - protection technology will foster the " elimination of open - source hardware support " and " elimination of unified drivers , " enable " denial - of - service via driver revocation , " cause serious system instability , and noticeably increase hardware and software development costs across the board .
It may seem like an article like this would be nothing more than crazed Vista - bashing , but it is not .
The horrible fallout for implementing the copy - protection mechanisms described in the paper is completely logical , and Microsoft 's reasons for going forward with it anyway are equally so .
In short , it stands to put them in a very strong position to completely dominate not only software and hardware markets , but content distribution as well .
Seriously , what self - respecting ( and continually employed ) CEO does n't want to conquer their respective planet and gain control of their market ?
In the same way that Apple has managed to acquire a monopolistic lock - in on their music distribution channel ( an example being the Motorola ROKR fiasco , which was so crippled by Apple - imposed restrictions that it was dead the moment it appeared ) , so Microsoft will totally control the premium - content distribution channel .
Not only will they be able to lock out any competitors , but because they will then represent the only available distribution channel they 'll be able to dictate terms back to the content providers whose needs they are nominally serving in the same way that Apple has already dictated terms back to the music industry : Play by Apple 's rules , or we wo n't carry your content .
The result will be a technologically enforced monopoly that makes their current de-facto Windows monopoly seem like a velvet glove in comparison .
Check out "
If you have a few minutes to spare , please read the whole thing .
It 's simply fascinating , and is something that EVERY responsible computer user will need to start thinking about as this kind of technology continues to develop and evolve .
There is also some
Check out " A Cost Analysis of Windows Vista Content Protection " by Peter Gutmann .
If you have a few minutes to spare , please read the whole thing .
It 's simply fascinating , and is something that EVERY responsible computer user will need to start thinking about as this kind of technology continues to develop and evolve .
There is also some additional commentary that is also worth checking out .
Via Schneier
Labels : copy - protection , drm , microsoft , vista
The lowly , destructive termite has very little regard for royalty , and in termite colonies the king and queen are held prisoner .
In most termite colonies , there are three classes , or castes , of insects .
Scientists are not really certain how some termites develop into these three castes , but the millions of termites in each colony are divided up this way .
The worker caste has the most individuals in a colony .
These termites do all the work : they make tunnels , build nests , search for food and water for the entire colony , and take care of the young when they hatch from eggs .
The soldier termites have only one job , to protect the colony from attack by the termite ’s main enemy , the ant .
These soldiers are otherwise completely helpless and must be fed and cleaned by the workers .
The third caste is the royal caste , the perfectly developed male and female who become the king and queen of the colony .
The termites ’ nest is divided into many rooms and tunnels .
These nests can be underground or above ground in mounds .
In the middle of the nest is an enclosed cell where the king and queen are kept as prisoners while they reproduce .
Can you imagine , the nests that termites build in mounds above ground have been known to reach 20 feet in height .
Since it is in fact , The Night Before Christmas , I thought I would bring this to the top !
Please bear with me .
I am not a poet at all which you will soon be able to tell , but I thought this would be fun none the less .
I know that it sometimes lacks in Iambic Pentameter , but like I said , I am not a poet .
Anyway , I was in my Advanced TCP / IP class in college , bored out of my mind when I decided to write this .
I hope you like it , and it gives you a good chuckle !
-EDP
An Admin's Night Before Christmas
By Paul Bauer
( AKA : El Di Pablo )
' Twas the night before Christmas
and all through the LAN .
Not a problem apparent .
All is right with the SAN .
I in my P.J.'s
and XBox in front of me
had just settled down to play Halo 3 .
Then my Blackberry
with buzzing and clatter
signaled via SMS
that something was the matter .
A server is down .
Not responding , ca n't ping .
Ca n't RDP , SSH , iLO or VNC .
After acknowledging the alert
I hopped in my car .
With only a quick stop
for some Jolt and a Snickers bar .
Minutes later at the data center
I arrived out of breath .
Soon to find my server
with a blue screen of death .
An automatic update
which my server did not agree ,
was the cause of my shiny , new blue screen .
A system restore
brought the server online .
I logged in and disabled
updates this time .
After closing the ticket
and feeling thrown under a bus ,
I made plans for after Christmas
to configure WSUS .
2:00 AM , back at home
I checked once more
for alerts on my phone .
All appears well
I drank a cap full of Maalox .
I laid my head down
and dreamed of Linux .
Merry Christmas !
RemieV Philosopher
Join Date : Jul 2006 Posts : 5,292
Ms. Hunter has sent along the following information regarding tests .
Some of the information regarding her abilities has been deleted due to the need to keep secrecy regarding certain aspects of the test .
From Ms. Hunter herself :
1 . There will be no direct physical contact with all parties involved in any demonstration .
At anytime , I may request one exception only and that would be for me to place my flat hand on top on your ( the participant ) flat hand .
Both hands will be facing downward .
2 . All demonstrations are performed mentally / psychically only .
3 . There will be no physical effects involved in any demonstration .
E.g. , no flashing lights , or no threats of physical or emotional harm .
4 . The place of demonstration ( room ) will be in complete silence .
5 . All demonstrations will be performed in a peaceful and calm setting .
6 . All demonstrations will be performed in 30 minutes or less , or the demonstration will be considered a failure .
The success rate is 100 % .
7 . There are no specifics for the type of person the demonstration will be performed on ( participant ) .
Race , gender , color , height , weight , sexuality , type of clothing worn , certain person present , certain day , or a certain time of day the demonstration will be performed are not of any concern .
The aforementioned list of things are not of any necessity for a successful demonstration .
8 . I will never have a third party ( human being ) involved in any demonstration .
God speaks to me through my mind .
His Holy Spirit will perform any of these demonstrations .
9 . Your organization will have the final say so in determining the success of any demonstration .
11 . All demonstrations will be performed at a reasonable distance .
Reasonable is determined by at least one foot apart from each other , if the demonstration is performed standing .
Any other demonstration will be performed while sitting at table of your choice .
The table could be of any size , color , shape , or condition .
12 . Since all demonstrations are performed mentally only , there are no equipment or devices of any type used .
In our recent publications we ’ve told once about the strange Soviet projects of terrestrial and water vehicles ( a train and a ship ) with jet engines .
If you are looking for more , here are some additional facts about the train .
SVL ( Russian abbreviation of “ high - speed laboratory car ” ) was developed in Kalininsky carriage - building factory in the far 1970 .
Based on the train model ER22 ( the picture below ) it was able to move by means of two engines from the passenger jet Yak - 40 , installed at the front .
During the tests SVL has gained the top speed around 180 mph .
For some unknown reason that tests have become the end of it ’s life .
Now it ’s rusty fragments still can be found in the territory of Kalininsky factory .
The project of SVL .
1971 .
1970 .
1970 .
1971 .
1971 .
Inside the cockpit . 🙂
1985 .
1993 . By Iury Akimov .
1993 . By Iury Akimov .
via kolobkov.net
This is wonderful and I love it very hard indeed !
Via Sepiachord who can also Continue Reading →
Download Download ( thanks to Heather )
Lord , spare us from the Republicans and their pathetic attempts at moral equivalence .
In discussion of the endless Iraq invasion , of course the issue of the statements made by Karl Rove and Bill Clinton come into play .
Right wing mouthpiece Peggy Noonan laughingly dismisses Rove 's lies and focuses naturally on Bill Clinton 's backtracking of support .
Now I 'm not going to excuse Clinton for his hindsight backpedal , but it seems to me that the far more egregious re-writing of history is the one out of Karl Rove 's mouth ... after all , who was in the Oval Office when the decision to invade Iraq came down ?
Elisabeth Bumiller chimes in that Clinton was " heavily briefed by Condi Rice " as if that makes Clinton 's statements more ridiculous .
Two words , Liz : Curve Ball .
Heavily briefed with bad and cherry - picked intelligence does n't help your case .
But the most ridiculous statement of the day has to come from host George Stephanopoulos , who claims that Iraq is " receding " from the minds of voters ... a meme forwarded by the Politico after talking to Bush Dog Democrats , but in Iowa , The Nation 's Ari Berman did n't find that to be true at all .
DES MOINES — Talk about political jujitsu !
Mike Huckabee is holding a press conference right now in which he was supposed to unveil a new negative ad against arch rival Mitt Romney .
Video
But Mr. Huckabee came to the press conference and announced he ’d had a change of heart and would not be broadcasting the ad after all .
But wait !
It gets better .
He then broadcast it for a room crammed with reporters , photographers and television cameras .
The assembled media found the display hilarious and at several points laughed out loud .
Telling you what ’s in the ad , of course , plays into Mr. Huckabee ’s strategy of getting his message out — Mr. Romney is bad — while being able to say his hands are clean .
He spoke at a dais in front of a huge banner that said , “ Enough is Enough . ”
Placed around the room were poster boards criticizing Mr. Romney for various things .
Mr. Huckabee , with his wife standing silently off to the side , said that the “ conventional wisdom ” was that when you are attacked , you attack back .
But , he said , an hour before the press conference , which was scheduled for noon , he just decided not to go that route .
“ It ’s not worth it , ” he said .
Polls regularly show that Iowa voters do not reward candidates who go negative , and perhaps Mr. Huckabee saw some of those polls .
“ The people of Iowa deserve better , ” he said .
Asked if he was n’t being hypocritical by showing the ad to a roomful of cameras that are likely to record it and show it — for free — around the country , Mr. Huckabee said he was showing it to reporters only because reporters were so cynical that if he did n’t show it , they would not believe that he really had made such an ad .
“ It ’s never too late to do the right thing , ” he said .
He added that he would love to sit down and have a debate with Mr. Romney , at which point a Fox News reporter piped up that Fox would love to broadcast such an event .
Huckabee ’s News Conference ( mp3 ) Huckabee ’s News Conference ( mp3 )
From 60 Minutes :
White is among the last Christian ministers here , a savior with crosses to bear .
Larger than life , stricken with MS , and by his own reckoning , driven a little bit mad .
He was first sent to Baghdad by the Archbishop of Canterbury nine years ago , well before the Christian persecution .
“ You were here during Saddam ’s reign .
And now after .
Which was better ?
Which was worse ? ”
Pelley asked .
“ The situation now is clearly worse ” than under Saddam , White replied .
“ There ’s no comparison between Iraq now and then , ” he told Pelley .
“ Things are the most difficult they have ever been for Christians .
Probably ever in history .
They ’ve never known it like now . ”
“ Wait a minute , Christians have been here for 2,000 years , ” Pelley remarked .
“ Yes , ” White said .
“ And it ’s now the worst it has ever been , ” Pelley replied .
Story Highlights • British Foreign
Office says five Britons kidnapped in Iraq
• Monday 's death toll for U.S. troops in Iraq rises to 10
• Two soldiers killed by roadside bomb while on patrol in Baghdad
• Two troops killed when chopper shot down ; six killed on recovery mission
Adjust font size :
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
Ten U.S. troops died in Iraq on Monday , including eight killed in a deadly chain of events that began when a U.S. helicopter was shot down , according to a U.S. military official .
Both helicopter pilots were killed .
Two Bradley fighting vehicles rushing to the helicopter crash site were hit by exploding roadside bombs , killing six soldiers and injuring three , the official said .
In a separate attack on Memorial Day , two other U.S. soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb while conducting a " combat security patrol " in southern Baghdad , the U.S. military said .
The eight deaths related to the chopper crash occurred in volatile Diyala province between Baquba and Muqdadiya , the U.S. military announced on Tuesday .
The pilots were flying an observation mission over a major supply route when their wingman -- on a Kiowa flying nearby -- reported heavy machine - gun fire in the area .
After the helicopter went down , a quick - reaction force was called in to recover it , the official said , and the two Bradleys were blown up by roadside bombs .
Air assault forces came in by helicopter , recovered the bodies of the two pilots and destroyed the downed chopper .
The U.S. military statement said all of those killed were from Task Force Lightning , the force that patrols northern stretches of Iraq , including Diyala .
U.S. commanders have expressed concern about a rise in violence and the growing presence of al Qaeda in Iraq militants , who have fled to Diyala from other regions of the country .
The U.S. death toll for May has risen to 114 , making it the deadliest month so far this year .
The highest monthly death tolls for U.S. troops occurred in 2004 -- 137 in November and 135 in April .
Since the start of the war , 3,458 U.S. service members have died .
Seven civilian contractors of the Defense Department also have been killed in the war .
Nearly a dozen helicopters have been shot down or have made hard landings under fire in Iraq this year , mostly military choppers but a few operated by security contractors .
With the death of the two pilots Monday , the number killed this year in helicopter downings stands at 30 .
Abductions at Finance Ministry
Five Britons and two Iraqis were kidnapped on Tuesday in Baghdad by people wearing police and army uniforms , according to an Iraqi Interior Ministry official .
" Officials from the British Embassy are in contact with Iraqi authorities to try and secure a swift resolution , and consular staff are in touch with the families of the kidnapped personnel , " the Foreign Office said .
Iraqi authorities earlier reported a kidnapping at an Iraq Finance Ministry building in north - central Baghdad .
Gen. Abdul Kareem Khalaf , Interior Ministry spokesman , said the abduction took place on Palestine Street just before noon .
A ministry official said the kidnappers wore Iraqi army and police uniforms .
Khalaf said at least 19 cars drove up to the ministry , stormed the building and fled with the kidnap victims .
Another Iraqi official said police also had reports of as many as 40 police vehicles involved in the incident , with dozens of men in Iraqi National Police uniforms .
The official said the incident took about 30 minutes from start to end and deduced that no shots were fired because the kidnappers looked official .
Joe Gavaghan , spokesman for the Montreal - based GardaWorld , said a client and four GardaWorld security professionals were forcibly taken from a work site Tuesday morning .
He confirmed that the four GardaWorld employees were British but did not identify the nationality of the other .
One of those kidnapped apparently worked for BearingPoint , a management consulting firm based in McLean , Virginia .
Steve Lunceford -- a spokesman for the firm , which handles economic and financial projects in Iraq , -- confirmed that one of its employees had been kidnapped .
Car bombs near Baghdad markets kill dozens
Meanwhile , two car bombs rocked separate areas of Baghdad on Tuesday , killing at least 38 people , an Interior Ministry official said .
Around 1:30 p.m. ( 5:30 a.m. ET ) , a parked car bomb detonated near a police checkpoint and a busy market area in central Baghdad 's Tayaran Square .
At least 23 people were killed and 55 others were wounded in the attack , the official said .
About an hour later , another parked car bomb exploded in a street market in the southwestern neighborhood of Hay Amil , the official said .
Initial reports indicated 15 civilians were killed and 36 others wounded , the official said .
U.S. - led coalition raids occurred around Iraq on Tuesday morning .
Fourteen people were seized in Baghdad , Mosul and north of Taji , the U.S. military said .
One of those seized in Baghdad was described as the " alleged al Qaeda in Iraq emir in charge of the Hay al - Jamah area of the city . "
A raid in Samarra on Saturday led to the arrest of nine " suspected al Qaeda in Iraq operatives , " the U.S. military said Tuesday .
In the Saturday raid , police also seized a video camera containing evidence of a recent car bomb attack that destroyed the home of the Samarra City Council president , and found items thought " to be used for small - arms attacks , murder , kidnapping and ransom , " the military said .
CNN 's Arwa Damon , Cal Perry and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
# 827518 +( 3405 ) - [ X ] < kinzey > i want to go out with a girl
< kinzey > and lay in the field
< kinzey > real romatic like
< kinzey > and just stare at the full moon
< kinzey > and she 'll say something along the lines of " the moon 's so beautiful tonight "
< kinzey > and i'll just be like
< kinzey > " that 's no moon ...
THAT'S A BATTLESTATION !!! "
< kinzey > and then run to the car and leave her ass there
< Chris > wow
According to Pamela , this is the “ world ’s smallest functional 4 - cylinder , 4 - cycle , spark ignition engine . ”
Unfortunately , a video was n’t provided .
Click here for more pictures .
According to Pamela , this is the “ world ’s smallest functional 4 - cylinder , 4 - cycle , spark ignition engine . ”
Unfortunately , a video was n’t provided .
Click here for more pictures .
Multi-institutional 26 - member team of researchers propose a startling new theory : that an extraterrestrial impact , possibly a comet , set off a 1,000 - year - long cold spell and wiped out or fragmented the prehistoric Clovis culture and a variety of animal genera across North America almost 13,000 years ago .
Driving the theory is a carbon - rich layer of soil that has been found , but not definitively explained , at some 50 Clovis - age sites in North America that date to the onset of a cooling period known as the Younger Dryas Event .
The sites include several on the Channel Island off California where University of Oregon archaeologists Douglas J. Kennett and Jon M. Erlandson have conducted research .
The theory is being discussed publicly , for the first time , today in a news conference at the 2007 Joint Assembly of the American Geophysical Union being held this week in Acapulco , Mexico .
Kennett is among the attendees who will be available to discuss the theory with their peers .
The British journal Nature addressed the theory in a news - section story in its May 18 issue .
Before today , members of the team – including Kennett 's father , James P. Kennett of the University of California , Santa Barbara , and Richard B. Firestone of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory – had been quietly introducing the theory to their professional colleagues .
Douglas Kennett , with Erlandson watching , detailed the theory May 19 to a fully packed UO classroom , where students and faculty members from archaeology , art history , anthropology , biology , geology , geography , political science and psychology , pelted Kennett with questions .
The researchers propose that a known reversal in the world 's ocean currents and associated rapid global cooling , which some scientists blame for the extinction of multiple species of animals and the end of the Clovis Period , was itself the result of a bigger event .
While generally accepted theory says glacial melting from the North American interior caused the shift in currents , the new proposal points to a large extraterrestrial object exploding above or even into the Laurentide Ice Sheet north of the Great Lakes .
" Highest concentrations of extraterrestrial impact materials occur in the Great Lakes area and spread out from there , " Kennett said .
" It would have had major effects on humans .
Immediate effects would have been in the North and East , producing shockwaves , heat , flooding , wildfires , and a reduction and fragmentation of the human population . "
The carbon - rich layer contains metallic microspherules , iridium , carbon spherules , fullerenes , charcoal and soot .
Some of those ingredients were found worldwide in soils dating to the K - T Boundary of 65 million years ago .
The K - T layer marks the end of the Cretaceous Period and the beginning of the Tertiary Period , when numerous species were wiped out after a massive asteroid is believed to have struck Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula and the Gulf of Mexico .
Missing in the new theory is a crater marking an impact , but researchers argue that a strike above or into the Laurentide ice sheet could have absorbed it since it was less intense than the K - T event .
Kennett said that 35 animal genera went extinct at the end of the Pleistocene , with at least 15 clearly being wiped out close to 12,900 years ago .
There would have been major ecological shifts , driving Clovis survivors into isolated groups in search of food and warmth .
There is evidence , he said , that pockets of Clovis people survived in refugia , especially in the western United States .
" This was a massive continental scale , if not global , event , " Kennett said .
He and Erlandson say that they are currently evaluating the existing paleoindian archaeological datasets , which Kennett describes as " suggestive of significant population reduction and fragmentation , but additional work is necessary to test the data further . "
Earlier research efforts need to be re-evaluated using new technologies that can narrow radiocarbon date ranges , and , as funding becomes available , new sites can be located and studied , Erlandson said .
" As we have grown more confident in the theory , " Erlandson said , " we 've been letting some of it out in informal talks to gage the response to see where we are headed and what the initial objections are , which will help us to maintain our own objectivity . "
The interest in pursuing both old and new leads could ignite a major surge of interdisciplinary questioning and attract a new wave of interested students , Kennett and Erlandson said .
Source : University of Oregon
The Dalai Lama was in town the other day .
That 's Ithaca , New York , a small town in the middle of nowhere .
His Holiness comes to Ithaca — it ’s his second visit — because we have a Tibetan Buddhist monastery on one of the main streets downtown .
It 's an unassuming old house painted red and orange and decorated with a string of colorful prayer flags .
The citizens of Ithaca are also used to seeing monks in saffron robes walking around downtown .
You notice these guys not so much because of the striking robes and shaved heads , but by their smiling , laughing faces .
And the Dalai Lama seems to be the happiest monk of all .
His lecture at Cornell University last week started with a big laugh and was all about happiness .
What 's with these guys ?
Why are they so happy ?
The answer is , of course , that the monks have worked very hard to become happy , peaceful people .
They spend hours a day meditating and quieting the mind , and they also work hard to maintain a philosophy of compassion for all human beings .
Question is , why does it take so much work to become a compassionate , peaceful , happy person ?
Why are n't we all wearing saffron robes and laughing ?
Evolutionary biologists would answer that the monks have to work hard because they are up against the darker side of human nature .
Humans , like all animals , are essentially selfish beings .
Natural selection favors those who behave in ways that pass on genes , and that means we are usually out for ourselves .
Sure , we often cooperate with others , but only when it suits some personal gain .
It is n’t pretty , but it 's part of who we are .
On the other hand , His Holiness maintains that we are also naturally armed with compassion for others , and this is true .
Humans express both sympathy and empathy , emotions that often move us to help those in need , even strangers .
But it 's also human nature to forget very quickly some disaster , grief or bad experience felt by someone else , and that 's why we need to be reminded by someone who is a master at compassion .
Finding mental peace is also so difficult for humans because our minds evolved to be ever on alert , ready to puzzle - solve , always thinking .
It goes against human nature to turn that mental machine off , although we 'd all like to sometimes .
And that 's why people are drawn to the Dalai Lama and why it is such a gift that monks roam my town .
They are reminders that even if we have certain natural tendencies , it does n’t mean we have to respond only to those tendencies .
We could , in fact , have a better human nature if we just worked at it .
Meredith F. Small is an anthropologist at Cornell University .
She is also the author of " Our Babies , Ourselves ; How Biology and Culture Shape the Way We Parent " ( link ) and " The Culture of Our Discontent ; Beyond the Medical Model of Mental Illness " ( link ) .
People from across the world helped restore the car
Enlarge Image
Simon Pritchard , 36 , from Abergavenny , had been in the process of rebuilding the 25 - year - old car when he fell ill .
When members of the Lotus Esprit online forum website heard , they donated money and time to fix it .
The original 18 - month project costing £ 25,000 actually took his friends just five weeks to complete .
Mr Pritchard had several mini strokes after developing Reiter 's Syndrome - a form of arthritis which develops as a reaction to infections in the body .
I was so overwhelmed , I cried like a baby and then passed out
Simon Pritchard
He also suffers from a lung complaint .
But despite his illness , he was determined to lead as full a life as possible and wanted to restore the classic .
As part of his research , he logged onto a website which allowed people to get help and advice in the restoration of such cars .
Andy Betts , from Bexley , Greater London , who runs the website said : " He was trying to do up the car even though he was quite unwell .
" One day I phoned him up and his wife said he was in hospital and I thought that there had to be something we could do to help him . "
The work was carried out in a garage in Caerphilly
So while Mr Pritchard recovered in hospital , Mr Betts set up an area on the website which Mr Pritchard was denied access to and went about recruiting help from the 3,800 members .
Offers of money , car parts and time soon came flooding in and so with the help of Mr Pritchard 's wife Kelly , the group organised to have the car taken to a garage in nearby Caerphilly for restoration .
' Cried '
Over the next five weeks , more than 2,000 hours of work were put in by people who travelled from as far as Hertfordshire , Cheshire and Kent .
Money was also donated from as far away as the United States and , with the Lotus car company 's help and support , Mr Pritchard 's car was finally restored to its former glory .
" I thought my car was in Troy Halliday 's garage in Hertfordshire , " said Mr Pritchard .
" Troy had said he was going to have a go at getting the engine up and running and had picked up the car .
Simon Pritchard said he was ' overwhelmed ' by the gesture
" But what I did n't know is that it was n't in Hertfordshire at all , it was just 20 miles away in Caerphilly . "
After a plan involving hundreds of people , Mr Pritchard was finally reunited with his car at a Club Lotus annual track day at Castle Combe in Wiltshire .
" I was led to the pit fence and everybody was around , " said Mr Pritchard .
" There were two red cars coming down the track .
It was only when they stopped by the fence that I saw the number plate and realised .
" I was so overwhelmed , I cried like a baby and then passed out .
" I can't even begin to thank all the people who were involved .
It just restores your faith in people and shows that there is good in everybody , " he said .
100 % found this document useful ( 664 votes )
100 % ( 664 ) 100 % found this document useful ( 664 votes )
Military photos of the Twin Towers
Some of these pictures are unbelievable .
Save Save Military photos of the Twin Towers For Later
100 % 100 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
I love having Stephen Colbert to divine the logic ( or lack thereof ) of the conservative mind .
We members of the reality - based community might have watched Ted Koppel 's special on prisons , Breaking Point , and thought that we need to create some reforms to solve the crazy overcrowding and mandatory jail sentencing laws that have brought California 's penal system to its knees .
Not so , our man Colbert thinks .
It 's a missed opportunity to reform America to greatness ... by getting rid of most Americans .
Public Law 109 - 364 , or the " John Warner Defense Authorization Act of 2007 " ( H.R.5122 ) ( 2 ) , which was signed by the commander in chief on October 17th , 2006 , in a private Oval Office ceremony , allows the President to declare a " public emergency " and station troops anywhere in America and take control of state - based National Guard units without the consent of the governor or local authorities , in order to " suppress public disorder . "
President Bush seized this unprecedented power on the very same day that he signed the equally odious Military Commissions Act of 2006 .
In a sense , the two laws complement one another .
One allows for torture and detention abroad , while the other seeks to enforce acquiescence at home , preparing to order the military onto the streets of America .
Remember , the term for putting an area under military law enforcement control is precise ; the term is " martial law . "
Section 1076 of the massive Authorization Act , which grants the Pentagon another $ 500 - plus - billion for its ill - advised adventures , is entitled , " Use of the Armed Forces in Major Public Emergencies . "
Section 333 , " Major public emergencies ; interference with State and Federal law " states that " the President may employ the armed forces , including the National Guard in Federal service , to restore public order and enforce the laws of the United States when , as a result of a natural disaster , epidemic , or other serious public health emergency , terrorist attack or incident , or other condition in any State or possession of the United States , the President determines that domestic violence has occurred to such an extent that the constituted authorities of the State or possession are incapable of ( " refuse " or " fail " in ) maintaining public order , " in order to suppress , in any State , any insurrection , domestic violence , unlawful combination , or conspiracy . "
For the current President , " enforcement of the laws to restore public order " means to commandeer guardsmen from any state , over the objections of local governmental , military and local police entities ; ship them off to another state ; conscript them in a law enforcement mode ; and set them loose against " disorderly " citizenry – protesters , possibly , or those who object to forced vaccinations and quarantines in the event of a bio - terror event .
The law also facilitates militarized police round - ups and detention of protesters , so called " illegal aliens , " " potential terrorists " and other " undesirables " for detention in facilities already contracted for and under construction by Halliburton .
That ’s right .
Under the cover of a trumped - up " immigration emergency " and the frenzied militarization of the southern border , detention camps are being constructed right under our noses , camps designed for anyone who resists the foreign and domestic agenda of the Bush administration .
An article on " recent contract awards " in a recent issue of the slick , insider " Journal of Counterterrorism & Homeland Security International " reported that " global engineering and technical services powerhouse KBR [ Kellog , Brown & Root ] announced in January 2006 that its Government and Infrastructure division was awarded an Indefinite Delivery / Indefinite Quantity ( IDIQ ) contract to support U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) facilities in the event of an emergency . "
" With a maximum total value of $ 385 million over a five year term , " the report notes , " the contract is to be executed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , " " for establishing temporary detention and processing capabilities to augment existing ICE Detention and Removal Operations ( DRO ) – in the event of an emergency influx of immigrants into the U.S. , or to support the rapid development of new programs . "
The report points out that " KBR is the engineering and construction subsidiary of Halliburton . "
( 3 ) So , in addition to authorizing another $ 532.8 billion for the Pentagon , including a $ 70 - billion " supplemental provision " which covers the cost of the ongoing , mad military maneuvers in Iraq , Afghanistan , and other places , the new law , signed by the president in a private White House ceremony , further collapses the historic divide between the police and the military : a tell - tale sign of a rapidly consolidating police state in America , all accomplished amidst ongoing U.S. imperial pretensions of global domination , sold to an " emergency managed " and seemingly willfully gullible public as a " global war on terrorism . "
Make no mistake about it : the de-facto repeal of the Posse Comitatus Act ( PCA ) is an ominous assault on American democratic tradition and jurisprudence .
The 1878 Act , which reads , " Whoever , except in cases and under circumstances expressly authorized by the Constitution or Act of Congress , willfully uses any part of the Army or Air Force as a posse comitatus or otherwise to execute the laws shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years , or both , " is the only U.S. criminal statute that outlaws military operations directed against the American people under the cover of ‘ law enforcement . ’
As such , it has been the best protection we ’ve had against the power - hungry intentions of an unscrupulous and reckless executive , an executive intent on using force to enforce its will .
Unfortunately , this past week , the president dealt posse comitatus , along with American democracy , a near fatal blow .
Consequently , it will take an aroused citizenry to undo the damage wrought by this horrendous act , part and parcel , as we have seen , of a long train of abuses and outrages perpetrated by this authoritarian administration .
Despite the unprecedented and shocking nature of this act , there has been no outcry in the American media , and little reaction from our elected officials in Congress .
On September 19th , a lone Senator Patrick Leahy ( D - Vermont ) noted that 2007 ’s Defense Authorization Act contained a " widely opposed provision to allow the President more control over the National Guard [ adopting ] changes to the Insurrection Act , which will make it easier for this or any future President to use the military to restore domestic order WITHOUT the consent of the nation ’s governors . "
Senator Leahy went on to stress that , " we certainly do not need to make it easier for Presidents to declare martial law .
Invoking the Insurrection Act and using the military for law enforcement activities goes against some of the central tenets of our democracy .
One can easily envision governors and mayors in charge of an emergency having to constantly look over their shoulders while someone who has never visited their communities gives the orders . "
A few weeks later , on the 29th of September , Leahy entered into the Congressional Record that he had " grave reservations about certain provisions of the fiscal Year 2007 Defense Authorization Bill Conference Report , " the language of which , he said , " subverts solid , longstanding posse comitatus statutes that limit the military ’s involvement in law enforcement , thereby making it easier for the President to declare martial law . "
This had been " slipped in , " Leahy said , " as a rider with little study , " while " other congressional committees with jurisdiction over these matters had no chance to comment , let alone hold hearings on , these proposals . "
In a telling bit of understatement , the Senator from Vermont noted that " the implications of changing the ( Posse Comitatus ) Act are enormous " .
" There is good reason , " he said , " for the constructive friction in existing law when it comes to martial law declarations .
Using the military for law enforcement goes against one of the founding tenets of our democracy .
We fail our Constitution , neglecting the rights of the States , when we make it easier for the President to declare martial law and trample on local and state sovereignty . "
Senator Leahy ’s final ruminations : " Since hearing word a couple of weeks ago that this outcome was likely , I have wondered how Congress could have gotten to this point .
It seems the changes to the Insurrection Act have survived the Conference because the Pentagon and the White House want it . "
The historic and ominous re-writing of the Insurrection Act , accomplished in the dead of night , which gives Bush the legal authority to declare martial law , is now an accomplished fact .
The Pentagon , as one might expect , plays an even more direct role in martial law operations .
Title XIV of the new law , entitled , " Homeland Defense Technology Transfer Legislative Provisions , " authorizes " the Secretary of Defense to create a Homeland Defense Technology Transfer Consortium to improve the effectiveness of the Department of Defense ( DOD ) processes for identifying and deploying relevant DOD technology to federal , State , and local first responders . "
In other words , the law facilitates the " transfer " of the newest in so - called " crowd control " technology and other weaponry designed to suppress dissent from the Pentagon to local militarized police units .
The new law builds on and further codifies earlier " technology transfer " agreements , specifically the 1995 DOD - Justice Department memorandum of agreement achieved back during the Clinton - Reno regime .
( 4 )
It has become clear in recent months that a critical mass of the American people have seen through the lies of the Bush administration ; with the president ’s polls at an historic low , growing resistance to the war Iraq , and the Democrats likely to take back the Congress in mid-term elections , the Bush administration is on the ropes .
And so it is particularly worrying that President Bush has seen fit , at this juncture to , in effect , declare himself dictator .
Source :
(1) http://leahy.senate.gov/press/200609/091906a.html and http://leahy.senate.gov/press/200609/092906b.html
See also , Congressional Research Service Report for Congress , " The Use of Federal Troops for Disaster Assistance : Legal Issues , " by Jennifer K. Elsea , Legislative Attorney , August 14 , 2006
(2) http://www.govtrack.us/congress/bill.xpd?bill+h109-5122
(3) Journal of Counterterrorism & Homeland Security International , " Recent Contract Awards " , Summer 2006 , Vol.12 , No.2 , pg.8 ; See also , Peter Dale Scott , " Homeland Security Contracts for Vast New Detention Camps , " New American Media , January 31 , 2006 .
(4) " Technology Transfer from defense : Concealed Weapons Detection " , National Institute of Justice Journal , No 229 , August , 1995 , pp.42 -43 .
Photo source : http://sandiego.indymedia.org/images/2005/08/110478.jpg
See more HDTV pictures .
HDTV Image Gallery HDMI is more than a port on the back of a TV and the often expensive cable that fits inside .
­ If you 've shopped for an HDTV , a PlayStation 3 , or an HD - DVD or Blu-ray pla­yer , you 've probably heard about HDMI .
It can seem like just one of many connections on televisions or home - theater receivers .
But HDMI is more than a port on the back of a TV ( and the often expensive cable that fits inside ) .
It 's a set of rules for allowing high - definition electronic devices to communicate .
­­
Before the development of high - definition televisions , most TVs displayed pictures in what is now known as standard definition .
The picture was roughly square -- its aspect ratio was 4:3 .
Its resolution , or the number of dots that make up the picture on the screen , was about 704 x 480 pixels .
The picture was interlaced -- each piece of the moving image was really half a picture , but the pictures changed quickly enough that the human brain did n't really notice .
Finally , older TVs relied on analog signals , which travel as a constantly varying electrical current .
Advertisement
Advertisement
HDTVs , on the other hand , are digital .
They use information in the form of ones and zeros .
This information travels through cables as distinct electrical pulses .
HDTVs have an aspect ratio of 16:9 , so the picture is rectangular .
They also have a higher resolution -- current HDTV standards allow for resolutions of up to 1920 x 1080 pixels .
HDTV signals can also be progressive , meaning that the each frame of the moving image is a whole picture rather than half of one .
" " NTSC ( standard definition ) has an aspect ratio of 4:3 .
HDTV has a wider aspect ratio of 16:9 .
HowStuffWorks
­ So , compared to standard TVs , HDTVs have a wider screen , more pixels and a faster refresh rate .
Often , HDTVs can display more colors than older sets .
This means that HDTVs need more data and need it a lot faster than standard - definition TVs do .
If an HDTV can receive this information digitally , it also does n't have to spend time or processing power converting the signal from an analog format .
This leads us to HDMI .
Created by a group of electronics manufacturers , the HDMI standard is a set of guidelines for creating high - bandwidth connections between digital devices .
With the right setup , HDMI can make a significant difference in a home - theater system .
The current standard can carry 1080 p high - definition signals , and it supports eight channels of uncompressed audio , enough for a 7.1 surround - sound system .
HDMI can cut down on the number of cables required to connect components , and it can even reduce the number of remote controls needed to watch a movie .
­ But there 's a catch .
In order to take advantage of everything HDMI has to offer , all of the components of a home theater have to be compatible with them .
Some of the features HDMI touts also do n't yet exist in the consumer marketplace .
In addition , there 's a limit to how long an HDMI cable can be , and some users complain that the limit is too short to support convenient setups .
In this article , we 'll look at exactly what happens inside an HDMI cable , the standard 's features and its pitfalls .
We 'll also examine whether the newest standard , HDMI 1.3 , really renders the earlier standards -- which have been out for only a few years -- completely obsolete .
­
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
First off , if you ’re a parent and have n’t read a blog entry titled “ 20/20 Calls It Stupid In Americaâ € “ Video “ , then I suggest you do so and take a few minutes to watch the video .
It ’s all about something that ’s become a major problem in this country and noble sounding things like “ No Child Left Behind ” , as well intentioned as they may be , are actually causing more harm than good and is contributing to the overall problem .
Why are kids not getting the education they need ?
As I see it , there are several reasons :
Because of “ No Child Left Behind ” , every state has some version of performance evaluation testing ( in Arkansas they ’re called “ benchmark tests ” ) that are used to determine how good a school is doing based on how the students perform on these tests .
One of the things affected by test results is how much funding the school gets [ interestingly enough , the better a school does , the more funding it gets , in spite of the fact that schools where kids are n’t doing as well need the resources much more . ]
A big problem with the testing required by “ No Child Left Behind ” is that all children at a particular age are expected to perform at a specific level .
There is Zero allowance made for those with learning disabilities or physical handicaps .
There ’s only the one test and everybody ’s expected to take that test the same way and so many end up performing badly on a test that they could have done a lot better on if only it could be adapted to allow for their situation .
In the end “ No Child Left Behind ” has resulted in schools having to spend a large chunk of their time and resources teaching kids how to pass the tests instead of actually concentrating on teaching their subjects .
Here in this part of Arkansas part of every school year has Social Studies class teaching an additional Math instead as part of preparation for the benchmark tests .
Then there ’s teacher pay .
Let ’s face it people , there is something seriously wrong with a society that will pay athletes several million dollars a year ( EACH ! ) to play a game ( professional or not , it ’s still just a game . ) while K - 12 teachers earn some of the most pathetic wages around .
I ’ve read statements that in a large city you can earn more money delivering pizza than you can teaching any K - 12 class and I would n’t be the least bit surprised to find out it was true .
Think about it .
It may sound like a tired old line , but it ’s true , children are the future and given the level of education they ’re NOT getting , we ’re in for rough times to say the very least .
Frankly , teachers OUGHT to be one of the best paid professions out there , with very high standards that need to be met in order to qualify to be a teacher .
Instead , it seems that if anything , the standards are getting lower all the time .
When you look at what they ’re paid and how the educational standards have dropped , is it any wonder that so many teachers are n’t interested in doing more than showing up and collecting a paycheck ?
That ’s not to say that there are n’t dedicated people out there trying to do the best they can in a system that ’s falling apart around them , it just means that this society is n’t giving much incentive to become a good teacher when you can make as much or more money asking “ Would you like fries with that ? ” and have a lot less stress and pressure to deal with .
As a result , instead of having no child left behind , we have more children left behind every year and it ’s not going to stop until education becomes a priority again ….
hopefully before it ’s too late .
Technorati Tags : society , current +events , children , students , education , , teacher +pay , no + child + left + behind , teaching + standards , benchmark + test
Photoshop Contest '07 – Round 2 Winner Announcement
In the second round of the competition we made things a little harder , but the standard of the 400 entries was if anything higher than in the first round .
After a closely fought contest , find out which entry came out on top here !
An Embarrassing End to the YouTube Experiment
And so ends in embarrassing failure the great YouTube Debate Experiment of Election 2008 .
Which is not to say that it was n't entertaining , in the same way that David Letterman 's " Stupid Human Tricks " sketch is a riot .
But as far as revolutionizing the way presidential debates are conducted , taking a question from a Dick Cheney cartoon does n't exactly measure up to the advent of television .
As a political medium , the YouTube technology is useful for pretty much two things anyway : 1 . ) Capturing candidates ' more telling moments for endless replay to a universal audience ; and 2 . ) giving candidates the ability to speak directly to voters , without the hassle of buying airtime .
Those are two very significant developments , and because of them , we can correctly say that politics has entered a " YouTube Age . "
But the idea behind the YouTube debates was the process in reverse .
Voters would be able to speak directly to candidates using the YouTube player and this , it was suggested , would lead to some magical democratization of the political process .
Of course , it does n't look like anyone at CNN thought to ask if the process needed mass democratization .
With the fare presented ranging from the inventive to the ridiculous , the experiment was certainly a nice reminder for why the Founders cherished individual freedom but dreaded direct democracy .
It 's also always comical to see what a CNN executive imagines when he imagines a Republican voter .
The choices of Rambo Jr. firing his assault rifle and the kid with a Confederate flag in his room spring immediately to mind -- and kudos to Mitt Romney for refusing to answer that kid .
But , not having seen all 5,000 or so entries , perhaps what we got was the best CNN had to offer .
However , a network exec interested in ratings probably defines what the " best " is somewhat differently than does an undecided voter trying to figure out which candidate should be President of the United States .
The exec , not entirely unaffected by a sense of civic responsibility , strikes a balance , and so for every question about sanctuary cities , we had to endure a guitar - strumming troubadour .
As mentioned , it was all very entertaining and , at its best , informative and memorable , as when Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney sparred over illegal immigration or John McCain tackled Ron Paul on foreign policy .
But entertainment should n't be the desired goal here .
We can imagine that most viewers , were they treated to the " entertainment " on the scale of the Lincoln - Douglas debates , would switch the channel .
More importantly , pause here and ask if we could n't have gotten the best the YouTube debates gave us from any network moderator .
At least with a moderator we would have been spared a partisan operative playing " gotcha " with the Republican candidates over " do n't ask , do n't tell . "
It 's a perfectly legitimate question , just not when it comes from an undisclosed member of Hillary Clinton 's gay and lesbian steering committee .
Of course , now we know that CNN 's negligence did n't end with Ret. Brig .
Gen. Keith Kerr .
As several bloggers quickly discovered soon after the debate , one questioner , who asked about jailing women who received abortions , says on her Web site she backs John Edwards .
And there was Mark Strauss wondering if Ron Paul would consider a third party run -- the same Strauss who , back in July at the Democratic YouTube debate , asked a question on health care .
Now , the issue here is not about whether Democratic partisans should be given airtime at a Republican primary debate , and vice versa .
Maybe they should be .
But if they are , then at least label them as such .
When LeeAnn Anderson asks a question on Chinese toy products while cradling her two children , what viewers see is a concerned mother looking for the best candidate to protect her family .
But as Michelle Malkin found ( and one imagines with not a great deal of effort ) , Anderson works for the American Steel Workers Union , which has endorsed Edwards .
And so the revolutionary facade of the great YouTube Experiment has fallen in spectacular fashion :
Many of these questioners were n't the ordinary Americans as advertised by CNN at all .
Many in fact were activists , partisans and ideologues , who unsurprisingly gamed CNN , when they were n't making total fools of themselves .
But why blame them ?
Any one with any experience at all with the Internet and political blogs could have guessed this was coming .
So , by all means blame CNN for this embarrassment , but be sure to focus the blame on the decision to hold this circus in the first place .
Presented with an exciting new medium , the network brain trust bought the notion that it could be part of a " people - powered " revolution in presidential politics .
And now that the " people " have spoken and CNN is left with what came out , Adams , Madison and the rest of the gang are somewhere smiling smugly .
In the end , all CNN did was put on two amusing two - hour commercials for YouTube , subsidiary of Google Inc .
Blake D. Dvorak is an assistant editor at RealClearPolitics .
By Marco Jardim
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
As my first article here in GAS , I thought would be a good idea to pinpoint the differences between blogging in “ technologically - updated ” places of the world and one that is several months behind all others .
If there are any Australians reading this article , they will probably relate to parts of this article .
When it comes to how updated a country is , in terms of technology , one may consider that the world has 3 poles : the United States , Europe and Asiatic countries .
Although I happen to be fortunate enough to live in one of those poles , Europe , we are usually the last of the 3 to see the release of some of the newest products , with the exception being cellphones .
But since I live on a small island in the Atlantic Ocean , I ’m not physically “ attached ” to Europe , and the delays are further increased .
In the title above , I mentioned the “ middle of the world ” , what I meant by that , is that if you were to try to find the middle between the 3 technological poles in geographical terms , you ’d either find yourself near Europe or on a random part of the Pacific .
In America , cellphones with QWERTY keyboards are quite popular for business , and the consumers there tend to support American - based companies and products .
If we were to look at some of most popular tech - products released in the past few years , we ’d realize that some , if not most , of them are American : Motorola RAZR , Xbox 360 , Intel processors , Nvidia graphic cards , Apple « insert any Apple product that is n’t the Apple TV here » .
In most cases , it ’s safe to say that whatever becomes popular in America usually ends up becoming popular in Europe also , but the same ca n’t be said about their popularity in Japan due to various reasons that I will leave for another article .
Here , in Europe , or at least where I live , it ’s pretty safe to assume that Nokia is the dominant cellphone manufacturer and it has reached a state that is very close to the one Coca - Cola has , or in other words , some might refer to the product by it ’s brand instead of it ’s category .
Most people I know will either say : “ I bought a new Nokia ” , or “ I bought a new cellphone ” , and the later phrase is used when that cellphone is n’t a Nokia .
The European consumer tends to be more sensible than the American .
Since we get to read the American ’s reviews beforehand , sometimes by a few months even , we tend to choose our products a bit more carefully .
Europeans are already “ used ” to waiting ( but not satisfied with doing so ) .
So unless there is a strong necessity , they can hold on without purchasing some product because it ’s next version , which was already previewed / reviewed in America is much better .
Unfortunately , here where I live , most companies are n’t as sensitive when it comes to carefully choosing what products they want to sell , therefore most of them end up with many outdated products for many many months and almost always for the price that they were originally sold for .
Thankfully , the situation has improved a bit in the past few years , due to the coming of some national or European - based super stores .
But since even those are too few , compared to the number of people who want up - to - date products , many times we end up having to settle for the second best .
And here in Madeira Island , sometimes choosing the second best product might bring you back a couple of years , in terms of how old the product is .
So where does this leave me , as a tech blogger ?
Well , quite sincerely ; it leaves me in a very awkward position .
By the time I manage to get my eyes or hands on a “ new ” product , it ’s already been reviewed many times , and most of the readers are already biased .
What I usually , is to look at a couple of reviews , see what most readers disagreed with , and try to not follow the same “ path ” , without striding too far from my own opinion .
In the following months I will be bringing you technology news and opinions and I ’m glad to be a part of the GAS team .
I hope you enjoy my articles as much as I enjoy writing them , and I hope to discuss them with you all through my stay at this blog .
A volunteer , left , prepares to drop 150 feet at up to 70 mph to study how the human mind perceives time when in danger .
At right , another volunteer has to be wondering whether the pursuit of science is worth all this .
In The Matrix , the hero Neo could dodge bullets because time moved in slow motion for him during battles .
Indeed , in the real world , people in danger often feel as if time slowed down for them .
This warping of time apparently does not result from the brain speeding up from adrenaline when in danger .
Instead , this feeling seems to be an illusion , scientists now find .
To see if danger makes people experience time in slow motion , scientists at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston tried scaring volunteers .
However , roller coasters and other frightening amusement park rides did not cause enough fear to make time warp .
Instead , the researchers dropped volunteers from great heights .
Scientists had volunteers dive backward with no ropes attached , into a special net that helped break their fall .
They reached 70 mph during the roughly three - second , 150 - foot drop .
" It 's the scariest thing I have ever done , " said researcher David Eagleman , a neuroscientist at Baylor College of Medicine .
" I knew it was perfectly safe , and I also knew that it would be the perfect way to make people feel as though an event took much longer than it actually did . "
Indeed , volunteers estimated their own fall lasted about a third longer than dives they saw other volunteers take .
To see if this meant people in danger could actually see and perceive more — like a video camera in slow motion can — Eagleman and his colleagues developed a device called a " perceptual chronometer " that was strapped onto volunteers ' wrists .
This watch - like device flickered numbers on its screen .
The scientists could adjust the speed at which numbers appeared until they were too fast to see .
If the brain sped up when in danger , the researchers theorized numbers on the perceptual chronometers would appear slow enough to read while volunteers fell .
Instead , the scientists found that volunteers could not read the numbers at faster - than - normal speeds .
" We discovered that people are not like Neo in The Matrix , dodging bullets in slow - mo , " Eagleman said .
Memory trick
Instead , such time warping seems to be a trick played by one 's memory .
When a person is scared , a brain area called the amygdala becomes more active , laying down an extra set of memories that go along with those normally taken care of by other parts of the brain .
" In this way , frightening events are associated with richer and denser memories , " Eagleman explained .
" And the more memory you have of an event , the longer you believe it took . "
Eagleman added this illusion " is related to the phenomenon that time seems to speed up as you grow older .
When you 're a child , you lay down rich memories for all your experiences ; when you 're older , you 've seen it all before and lay down fewer memories .
Therefore , when a child looks back at the end of a summer , it seems to have lasted forever ; adults think it zoomed by . "
This work could help better understand disorders linked with timing , such as schizophrenia .
Still , in the end , " it 's really about understanding the virtual reality machinery that we 're trapped in , " Eagleman told LiveScience .
" Our brain constructs this reality for us that , if we look closely , we can find all these strange illusions in .
The fact that we 're now seeing this with how we perceive time is new . "
Eagleman and his colleagues detailed their findings online Dec. 11 in the journal PLoS ONE .
O'Reilly unleashes
Fox lawyers in attempt to sink critic 's career Nick Juliano
Published : Monday November 12 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
Host tries to get aggressive liberal blogger booted from law school For Bill O'Reilly , ambushing your political enemies with a video camera is just fine , as long as the camera is pointed in the opposite direction .
Blogger Mike Stark has a history of haranguing O'Reilly during his call - in radio show , and he once visited the Fox host 's house to mock him over sexual harassment allegations .
And now Stark , 39 , has become the target of a network executive working on behalf of the combative Fox News pundit .
Fox VP Dianne Brandi has written to the dean of the Univeristy of Virginia 's law school , where Stark is in his second year , urging an investigation of his conduct .
Stark told RAW STORY his dean has shown him a copy of the letter but would not allow it to be distributed to others .
The letter accuses Stark of violating the university 's codes of conduct , and it warns that he would have trouble passing the fitness review required for admission to the bar .
The showdown began with Stark 's calls to O'Reilly 's radio show -- " telling the truth when he did n't want to talk about the truth , " as Stark characterizes it -- and escalated to a videotaped confrontation in O'Reilly 's driveway .
Brandi claimed the visit amounted to harassment , but Stark said he sees it as a reasonable response after O'Reilly sent a producer to the home of Jet Blue CEO David Neeleman when the airline sponsored this summer 's Yearly Kos conference of progressive bloggers and activists .
O'Reilly made Yearly Kos one of his favorite targets in August , when he smeared the conference 's namesake blog , Daily Kos , with a few offensive comments dredged from the thousands posted by readers every day .
Stark accosted O'Reilly at his Manhasset , NY , home and implored him to " stop lying " about the blog .
He also distributed copies of a 3 - year - old sexual harassment lawsuit filed against O'Reilly to his neighbors and displayed signs branding the host a pervert -- actions some say cross ethical boundaries .
" Nobody 's going to convince me that what I did is wrong , " Stark said in a recent interview .
O'Reilly is no stranger to ambushing his political enemies and shoving cameras in their faces .
Just two weeks ago , an " O' Reilly Factor " producer showed up at a public book signing to ask former " View " co-host Rosie O'Donnell about her speculating that 9/11 was an inside job .
In Stark 's eyes , his actions are no different than those authorized by the Fox host , especially the Jet Blue visit .
That 's not how O'Reilly or Fox News sees things , and the bombastic host 's latest assault mirrors earlier incidents when Fox 's legal beagles have been unleashed against critics .
O'Reilly 's most famous legal troubles came in a sexual harassment lawsuit filed by a former coworker .
Before that lawsuit was even filed , O'Reilly and the Fox News legal team hit the host 's accuser -- Andrea Mackris , a former Fox News producer -- with a countersuit claiming she was trying to extort $ 60 million from O'Reilly .
The top-rated cable news host eventually settled for several million dollars and dropped the extortion suit against Mackris , who claimed O'Reilly had accosted her with sexually harassing phone calls .
O'Reilly would ask his then - producer about masturbation , encourage her to purchase vibrators and appeared to be pleasuring himself during the phone calls , Mackris alleged .
O'Reilly 's legal troubles provided plenty of giggles for his critics when the story broke in October 2004 .
Stark , who runs the blog Calling All Wingnuts and is a regular commentor at Daily Kos , latched on to the most amusing allegation in the suit , taken from O'Reilly 's description of his shower fantasies in a phone call with Mackris .
" Then I would take the other hand with the falafel ( sic ) thing and I 'd put it on your p---y but you 'd have to do it really light , just kind of a tease business , " O'Reilly told Mackris .
Stark was confused as to how the Middle Eastern dish of chickpeas and vegetables would fare in the scene O'Reilly outlined .
" How 'd you keep the falafel together in the shower , " Stark asked O'Reilly in the video as the host , wearing gym shorts and a T - shirt emerges from his house to fetch the morning paper .
The antagonism directed O'Reilly 's way is not limited to the driveway confrontation .
Stark also distributed copies of the sexual harassment lawsuit to O'Reilly 's neighbors in official - looking envelopes , and he displayed signs in the neighborhood branding O'Reilly a " pervert " and saying he " ca n't be trusted with your daughters . "
The letter to Stark 's dean claims his actions " may constitute criminal harassment " under New York law , and it warns that a civil lawsuit could be headed Stark 's way , he told RAW STORY .
While he acknowledges that some may take issue with his tactics , Stark said the letter was more about damaging his personal reputation than raising any serious legal concerns .
He has followed up with a letter to Fox News CEO Roger Ailes requesting an apology " for the attempt to harass and intimidate me at my school place , " but he 's received no response from Fox .
" Ms. Brandis false and malicious assertions have the potential to redound to Foxs negative benefit , " Stark wrote to the network chief , " and Mr. OReilly s bizarre abuse of the legal process reflects poorly upon the Fox News brand . "
Brandi , the Fox lawyer , also told the law school dean that Stark recently threatened to post O'Reilly 's home address online , a claim the activist disputes .
Her letter is not limited to defending O'Reilly ; it alleges Stark has harassed his guests as well .
Widely quoted political analyst Larry Sabato appeared on The O'Reilly Factor in late July , and that prompted an e-mail and phone call from Stark to Sabato " to inform guests that appear on O'Reilly 's programs of his irresponsible rhetoric and behaviors . "
Brandi claimed Stark 's letter and phone call interfered with the ability of Sabato -- one of the most prolific experts on elections -- to express his views on talk shows .
The letter encouraged an investigation into whether Stark violated the university 's code of conduct .
" I have no public comment whatsoever , " Sabato told RAW STORY via e-mail when contacted for this article .
Stark said his dean does not plan to follow - up on the allegations in the letter .
Calls and e-mails to the University of Virginia law school seeking comment were not returned .
Brandi and a Fox News spokesperson did not return calls seeking comment .
Despite the letter , Stark said he does not plan to curtail his criticism of O'Reilly , who he calls a " propagandist " whose methods deserve to be challenged .
" This guy 's going to other people 's houses , " Stark said , " and I had to impress the gravity of that on him by going to his house . "
Stark posted the following video online in August , after O'Reilly began targeting sponsors of the Yearly Kos conference .
( Dedication and Everlasting Love to Animals ) is the largest “ No Kill , Care - for - Life , ” Animal Sanctuary of its kind in the world .
This super sanctuary is home to more than 1500 animals that have all been abandoned in the wilderness .
Rescuing animals who are either abandoned or born in the wilderness .
﻿
We care for our rescues . . . for life .
This is what makes us different from everyone else .
“ I ’d rather not be a hero , adopting out our animals and STEALING homes away from animals in the pound – wonderful animals who will be killed only because they can’t find new homes . . .
The rescued animals are already damaged emotionally and physically .
Handing them off , for glory sake , and telling you that they will be fine under someone else ’s watch , is a fantasy ” , says Leo Grillo .
Thisis located in the high desert area of Los Angeles .
It is beautifully landscaped and is surrounded by rolling hills .
It is truly a haven for the animals lucky enough to have crossed paths with its founder .
We have two veterinary hospitals and a full time veterinary staff on the premises .
We have state of the art equipment and are able to give the finest care possible to all the residents of the Super Sanctuary .
Brain scientists at Johns Hopkins have discovered how cells in the developing ear make their own noise , long before the ear is able to detect sound around them .
The finding , reported in this week ’s Nature , helps to explain how the developing auditory system generates brain activity in the absence of sound .
It also may explain why people sometimes experience tinnitus and hear sounds that seem to come from nowhere .
The research team made their discovery while studying the properties of non-nerve cells in the ears of young rats .
These so - called support cells were thought to be silent bystanders not directly involved in nerve communication .
However , to the researchers ’ surprise , these cells showed robust electrical activity , similar to nerve cells .
Further , this activity occurred spontaneously , without sound or any external stimulus .
“ It ’s long been thought that nerve cells that connect auditory organs to the brain need to experience sound or other nerve activity to find their way to the part of the brain responsible for processing sound , ” says the study ’s lead author , Dwight Bergles , Ph.D. , an associate professor of neuroscience at Hopkins .
“ So when we saw that these supporting cells could generate their own electrical activity , we suspected they might somehow be involved in triggering the activity required for proper nerve wiring . ”
To figure out how these cells were generating electrical pulses , Bergles ’ team suspected that a chemical might be involved ; so they applied a number of different candidate drugs and chemicals to the developing cochlea ¯ the small , hollow and liquid - filled chamber in the inner ear that converts sound waves to electrical signals ¯ hoping to block the mystery trigger .
The few drugs that altered the electrical output all disabled ATP ( adenosine triphosphate ) , a chemical most often used as a cell ’s energy currency but also , as in this case , as a signal to communicate with other cells .
According to Bergles , a breakthrough came when it was discovered that ATP also caused the supporting cells to change their shape .
By simply videotaping the developing cochlea , the team was able to monitor where and when ATP was released .
After studying these movies , they found that ATP was being released near hair cells , the cells that are responsible for transferring sound information to auditory nerves .
It was known that hair cells have receptors for ATP , so they might also be affected by the ATP released from the supporting cells .
Indeed , the team found that hair cells also showed spontaneous electrical activity , which occurred at the same time as the responses in neighboring support cells and was blocked by drugs that block ATP receptors .
In a domino - like effect , ATP then signals the hair cells to release another chemical , glutamate , which then activates the nerve cells that project into the brain .
“ It is as if ATP substitutes for sound when the ear is still immature and physically incapable of detecting sound , ” says Bergles , adding that “ the cells we have been studying seem to be warming up the machinery that will later be used to transmit sound signals to the brain . ”
“ We think that only a few cells release ATP at one time , ” says Bergles .
“ And that small amount of free - floating ATP then activates only a few nearby hair cells . ”
This may help associated nerve cells , far away in the depths of the brain , figure out who and where their neighbors are .
Bergles acknowledges that his experiments beg the question of why a human or any animal would need to “ hear ” before birth .
He speculates that the ability to hear subtle differences , like the inflection in one ’s voice , “ requires a lot of fine - tuning based on where in the brain the nerves connect .
It could be that brief bursts of electrical activity in just a few nerve cells at a time help do that fine - tuning so the system works well . ”
While this activity likely is essential for the auditory system ’s proper development , it could be bad in the adult , mature nervous system as it would trigger electrical signals in the absence of sound .
However , as the ear matures during the first two weeks of a rat ’s life , most of the cells that release ATP disappear so that by the time the rat can hear sound , all the spontaneous electrical activity in its ears has stopped .
Although there is no ATP floating around at that point , the hair cells continue to be able to respond to it , and exposure to loud sounds can trigger ATP release in the ear .
Bergles suspects that “ if ATP were released by the remaining support cells , it may cause the sensation of sound when there is none , ” a condition known as tinnitus or ringing in the ears .
Alternatively , he notes that bursts of activity might trigger changes in the connectivity of neurons in the brain , just like it does during development , eventually leading to abnormal activity that is perceived as sound .
Source : Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions
The Child Safe Viewing
Act of 2007 , or S. 602 , which originally was introduced by Sen. Mark Pryor , D - Ark. , in February , was approved by the Senate Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation earlier this month and now is headed to the full Senate floor .
While S. 602 ostensibly is designed to spur the development of “ the next generation of parental control technology , ” an analyst from a government watchdog group recently warned that the bill also could serve to expand the reach of the FCC ’s regulatory powers to include oversight of content transmitted via cable , satellite and Internet platforms .
In a statement issued following the Commerce Committee ’s approval of the bill , Pryor said that it was an “ uphill battle for parents trying to protect their kids from viewing inappropriate programming . ”
“ I believe there is a whole new generation of technology that can provide an additional layer of help for these parents , ” Pryor said .
“ My bill simply lights a fire under the FCC to take a fresh look at new options in the marketplace . ”
S. 602 includes a set of nine Congressional findings , including : “ [ V ] ideo programming has a direct impact on a child 's perception of safe and reasonable behavior ; ” that “ [ c ] hildren imitate actions they witness on video programming , including language , drug use and sexual conduct ; ” and that “ [ t ] here is a compelling government interest in empowering parents to limit their children ’s exposure to harmful TV content . ”
The bill would direct the FCC to “ initiate a proceeding to consider measures to encourage or require the use of advanced blocking technologies that are compatible with various communications devices or platforms , ” including “ wired , wireless and Internet platforms . ”
S. 602 also calls for the FCC to consider technologies that can “ filter language based upon information in closed captioning , ” “ operate independently of ratings pre-assigned by the creator of such video or audio programming , ” and “ be effective in enhancing the ability of a parent to protect his or her child from indecent or objectionable programming , as determined by such parent . ”
In a report evaluating the legislation , Adam Thierer , the director of the Center for Digital Media Freedom at The Progress and Freedom Foundation , wrote that while the legislation is well - intentioned , it also is “ unnecessary ” and even “ dangerous ” in terms of its 1st Amendment implications .
Thierer asserted in his report that “ the case has not been made that FCC action is needed here at all . ”
“ The findings section of S.602 states that ‘ There is a compelling government interest in empowering parents to limit their children ’s exposure to harmful TV content ’ for a variety [ of ] reasons , ” Thierer wrote .
“ While that may be a worthwhile government interest , there is no reason that such empowerment should be carried out through government mandates . ”
Thierer added that the bill also is “ problematic because it could potentially expand the focus and scope of the FCC ’s authority to meddle with private rating systems and parental control mechanisms . ”
“ In demanding that regulators investigate and consider requiring blocking technologies for ‘ wired , wireless and Internet platforms , ’ the measure potentially opens the door to the beginning of convergence - era content regulation at the FCC , ” Thierer wrote .
“ The agency currently has no authority to regulate content ( or parental control technologies or rating systems ) on most media or communications platforms outside of broadcasting , and its authority over broadcasting is limited .
But S. 602 would potentially give regulators the ability to begin expanding the horizons of federal content regulation . ”
Even if one were to set aside the 1st Amendment concerns , Thierer argued , there is “ no practical reason to believe that the government could actually do a better job of assigning ratings or creating parental control tools . ”
Thierer said that while the goal or Pryor ’s measure is laudable , he ’s concerned that the wrong people might benefit from S. 602 becoming law .
“ Sen .
Pryor is to be commended for avoiding direct content regulation and instead focusing on empowering families to make media consumption decisions on their own , ” Thierer wrote .
“ Nonetheless , in an attempt to empower parents it is important that Congress not empower regulators instead . ”
Cthulhu For President
The Dawning of a New Era
Cthulhu for President .
Why vote for a lesser evil ?
This site is dedicated to the great old one , who should return from his slumber to take over the U.S. government and make this country a whole hell of a lot better as the leader of our executive branch .
Or destroy it and drive everyone insane , kill us all , or something really nasty !
Remember , Cthulhu for President , why vote for the lesser of two evils ?
To find out more about cthulhu go to the Cthulhu Page .
The Campaign Headquarters hopes you enjoyed the NecronomiCon in honor of H.P. Lovecraft 's birthday .
Our favorite P.R. man is sorely missed .
Check out an old lawsuit from the Elder Attorneys .
Campaign Information
Nominate a Running Mate !
Here are the current nominees for who should join Cthulhu on the Elder God Platform .
Nominate Me !
Need to know more about the Candidate ?
Check out its biography and a photo !
What is It ?
Dying to know just how Cthulhu feels about the issues you care about ?
Check out Cthulhu's Policies and Platform : Eat Them Up , Yum !
Want to find out more about Call of Cthulhu , the Necronomicon , the Mythos , H.P. Lovecraft , or our glorious candidate ?
Here 's an extensive list of other resources on that vapid medium we call the 'net .
Find Those Freaks !
Other Cthulhoid stuff .
Here is a collection of poetry , jokes , and other juicy information direct from R'lyeh ( and / or Usenet ) to your sniveling little screen .
Tentacled Tales !
NOTE : The site is slowly changing and possibly evolving .
But changes occur as slow as the stars .
Other Cool Stuff
Cthulhu products :
Heck of a family .
The inspector general of the Department of Education has said he will examine whether federal money was inappropriately used by three states to buy educational products from a company owned by Neil Bush , the president ’s brother .
John P. Higgins Jr. , the inspector general , said he would review the matter after a group , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , detailed at least $ 1 million in spending from the No Child Left Behind program by school districts in Texas , Florida and Nevada to buy products made by Mr. Bush ’s company , Ignite Learning of Austin , Tex .
Mr. Higgins stated his plans in a letter to the group sent last week .
Members of the group and other critics in Texas contend that school districts are buying Ignite ’s signature product , the Curriculum on Wheels , because of political considerations .
The product , they said , does not meet standards for financing under the No Child Left Behind Act , which allocates federal money to help students raise their achievement levels , particularly in elementary school reading .
Damn the Facebooks and the MySpaces .
The last time we checked , there was this thing called the internet that had 6 billion users .
It 's time to take our personal data out of Mr. McGregor 's little gardens and put it back where it belongs – free and open on the open web .
Social networks like Facebook and MySpace are taking the web by storm because they make it easy to manage your personal data and keep in touch with people you know .
But to get value out , you have to put something in – photos , contacts , appointments , lists of your interests and your blog musings .
How To Wiki
Replace Facebook Using Open Social Tools
Therein lies the rub .
When entering data into Facebook , you 're sending it on a one - way trip .
Want to show somebody a video or a picture you posted to your profile ?
Unless they also have an account , they can't see it .
Your pictures , videos and everything else is stranded in a walled garden , cut off from the rest of the web .
Like locked cell phones and copy - protected music , Facebook is on the wrong side of the open - network debate .
Facebook is a sealed bubble .
Facebook users are locked into Facebook , just as iTunes locks music fans to Apple 's iPod .
This serves companies ' business interests , but not the wider interests of consumers .
AOL , Yahoo and Microsoft have their own , proprietary instant - messaging systems .
They 're all good , but they'd be better if they worked together .
The iPhone would be better if it could also be used on Verizon 's and Sprint 's networks , and Facebook would be better if you could link to friends ' pages on MySpace and Bebo .
Social networking should be based on open standards , just like e-mail .
Some social networking companies are starting to build open platforms that allow your personal data to be exported and put to use anywhere you like .
On Monday , the contact management service Plaxo will launch a new social network called Pulse .
Offering a customizable profile page , the service will allow Plaxo subscribers to manage their interpersonal relationships and show off their interests .
In many ways , Pulse will offer the same all - your - data - in - one - place approach as Facebook , but with one crucial difference :
It 's not walled off .
Anything put into Plaxo can be retrieved and used elsewhere , and any data made public will be accessible across the wider internet : Viewers will not need a Plaxo account .
The service will be rather limited initially , but it 's a step in the right direction .
However , Pulse is no panacea .
What the internet needs is a way to take the features of the popular social networks and make them available to the world at large .
For the last couple of weeks , Wired News tried to roll its own Facebook using free web tools and widgets .
We came close , but we ultimately failed .
We were able to recreate maybe 90 percent of Facebook 's functionality , but not the most important part – a way to link people and declare the nature of the relationship .
Hey Kids , Let 's Put On a Show
It 's entirely possible to replicate most of the features of Facebook without getting sucked into its black hole , but the single most important element is missing .
At this point , " friend " relationships remain unique to the social networks .
The web still lacks a generalized way to convey relationships between people 's identities on the internet .
The absence of this secret sauce – an underlying framework that connects " friends " and establishes trust relationships between peers – is what gave rise to social networks in the first place .
While we 've largely outgrown the limitations of closed platforms ( take e-mail or the web itself ) , no one has stepped forward with an open solution to managing your friends on the internet at large .
We would like to place an open call to the web - programming community to solve this problem .
We need a new framework based on open standards .
Think of it as a structure that links individual sites and makes explicit social relationships , a way of defining micro social networks within the larger network of the web .
One possibility is the microformat XHTML Friends Network , or XFN , which defines relationships between linkers and linkees .
Trouble is , the data format does n't yet offer any tools for managing friends .
While a snippet of code placed in a web page can convey who you know – and how you know them – as yet there are no tools to put the information to good use , like automatically pulling in calendar events from of all your friends ' websites .
Some developers are beginning to offer easy - to - use tools that can create XFN code ( WordPress and Movable Type both offer blank templates that can be filled in ) , but use of XFN is n't yet widespread .
Such a " micronetwork " standard may sound daunting or even impossible , but nearly all the tools we 've mentioned so far started small .
Blogging grew from a few people trying to easily publish web content on a daily basis .
Del.icio.us started with one person looking for a way to manage his bookmarks from any machine .
Even Facebook started with a few college friends looking for a better way to plan their social lives .
Eventually , an open network will emerge .
Let 's make it happen sooner rather than later .
Make Your Own Facebook
With a little savvy , anyone can create a page that includes all of the fun stuff found in a Facebook profile .
Start by setting up a blog .
Say what 's on your mind .
Unlike your blog on Facebook or MySpace , everyone will be able to read it .
From there , you can pull in your photos from Flickr or Zooomr and show off your impeccable musical taste by creating a profile at iLike or Last. fm .
You can share your web bookmarks using del.icio.us or Ma.gnolia and publish a list of your most recent reads using Shelfari or Library Thing .
All of these services have open APIs , making it easy for third - party developers to build widgets for displaying data stored there .
As a result , many such tools exist .
Need to keep up - to - date with your friend 's activities ?
Pull in a feed from their blog or from their Twitter account .
The Upcoming group calendar service has a dead - simple code generator that will create a widget listing all the events you plan to attend , as well as those your friends are interested in .
Like to chat ?
Meebo offers an embeddable widget for instant messenger chatting , and jaxtr does the same for SMS .
You can even drop in a Skype button that lets your friends call you with one click .
One of Facebook 's best features is its comprehensive feeds that show what everybody 's up to ( called News Feeds and Mini - Feeds ) , but you can build such a thing yourself .
Create an account with one of the many feed - mixing services like Yahoo's Pipes , Feed Shake or FeedBlendr .
Plug in all the feeds from the various sources you want to track and paste the resulting URL into a widget on your site .
Voilà .
Need a site ?
The free blogging software from WordPress will let you embed these widgets and RSS streams .
WordPress also has a thriving plug - in ecosystem , so it 's likely a developer somewhere has done much of the dirty work for you .
An even easier option is to use a customizable homepage from Pageflakes or Protopage .
Pageflakes in particular allows you to build a customized page that aggregates a lot of varied content just like Facebook , which you can then publish publicly ( Pageflakes calls this a Pagecast ) .
And beyond a simple user registration , Pageflakes does n't lock in any of your personal data .
As Applications Blossom , Facebook Is Open for Business
Jargon Watch : Digilanti , Milkomeda , Social Operating System
Facebook Was an In - Your - Face Rip - Off , Lawsuit Charges
Leahy sets Thursday vote for contempt resolutions against Rove , Bolten
Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt. ) has scheduled a committee vote Thursday on contempt resolutions against White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten and former presidential political guru Karl Rove for failing to respond to subpoenas .
Under Judiciary Committee rules , the vote could be postponed for a week , but Leahy said he intends to move the criminal contempt resolutions as soon as possible .
Last week , he rejected the White House 's executive privilege claim in preventing Rove and Bolten from appearing before his panel , calling it " overbroad , unsubstantiated , and not legally valid , " setting the stage for Thursday 's showdown .
Rove and Bolten were subpoenaed earlier in the year by the Senate panel as part of the investigation into the sacking of nine U.S. attorneys .
President Bush , citing executive privilege , refused to make the two senior aides available for questioning by the committee .
Leahy predicted that the contempt resolutions could reach the Senate floor sometime early next year .
Bush has also blocked Bolten and former White House counsel Harriett Miers from testifying before the House Judiciary Committee .
The House panel has voted out criminal contempt resolutions against both of them , but Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) , concerned about divisions within her party over the issue , has yet to set a date for a floor vote .
If either chamber were to approve contempt resolutions , it would likely trigger a lengthy court fight over the extent of executive privilege and how far the president can go in preventing senior aides from appeared before congressional committees .
Evaluation : moving from Java to Ruby on Rails for the CenterNet rewrite
Preface
This document was written by me ( Rick Bradley ) as part of our IS Applications group ’s process of ( re ) evaluating platforms for deployment of a large - scale healthcare application ( “ the CenterNet rewrite ” — discussed on the Rails mailing list ) .
This evaluation document was prepared in September of 2005 and is therefore already out of date technologically — a number of the perceived shortcomings of Ruby On Rails have been eliminated , alleviated , or mitigated .
For instance , we found to our surprise that it was trivially simple to deploy Rails on Windows and to automate build and testing .
Later additions to the document will be in highlighted type .
Feel free to redistribute this document freely in whole or in part .
Introduction
The Ruby on Rails framework is an open - source web application development framework developed initially by David Heinemeier Hansson at 37signals in Chicago while working on the BaseCamp productivity application .
The framework uses the popular Model - View - Controller paradigm for separation of concerns in application development .
Ruby on Rails is written in the highly - dynamic open - source object - oriented Ruby programming language , developed in the early 1990 ’s in Japan .
Benefits
There are a number of notable upsides to moving CenterNet development from our Java development stack to the Ruby on Rails framework :
Vastly reduced code footprint :
We have read our Fred Brooks and respect the fact that there has never been a “ Silver Bullet ” , and there is unlikely to ever be such .
Rails is not a Silver Bullet .
However , widely reported results place productivity increases over modern Java methodologies ( e.g. , J2EE , Struts , etc. ) in the 6 - fold to 10 - fold range ( with many of these claims coming from long - time Java luminaries ) .
Preliminary tests by our Technical Lead put the code reduction for a normal module in our Java stack converted to Rails at roughly 20:1 .
Rails uses the dynamicity of Ruby to extreme advantage and produces 4GL - like effects without resorting to code generation techniques ( which suffer from inflexibility post - generation ) .
The reported productivity increases point as well to underreported problems in the industry : web development as a whole likely lags application development productivity significantly due to the relative youth of the paradigm ( stateless , distributed , thin - client applications ) ; and the Java development model for web applications is additionally verbose and needlessly complex .
Arguably , Ruby derives much of its productivity benefits from its SmallTalk heritage , and many would view Rails ’ productivity to be bounded from above by the productivity of SmallTalk .
The Rails paradigm has inspired Rails - alike projects in nearly every modern web development language .
Rails appears to remain more productive than even the most productive of these Rails - alikes , probably primarily due to Ruby ’s suitability for speedy development in this one particular domain of web application development .
In short , Rails leverages Ruby to bring web application development back closer to the productivity of productive non-web application development frameworks .
zero configuration : Rails applications require a few lines of specification to identify each database connection you will use , as well as a line of configuration for each different type of routing you will use ( typically 3 - 4 lines for an entire application ) .
Both of these are necessary in any environment .
By contrast , rather than the 20 or so lines required in a Rails application , typical medium - scale Java applications require thousands of lines of XML configuration , many of which are strongly - coupled across application layers .
DRY principle : Simply put , “ Do n’t Repeat Yourself ” .
Rails embraces the DRY principle and strives to maintain orthogonality among concerns .
This reduces coupling , which reduces maintenance cost ( and increases maintenance and development productivity ) , and eliminates the “ shotgun code smell ” which pervades modern Java web development : when a change is made at one layer ( for example , adding a column to a database table ) changes propagate through code in other layers .
A problem which had long been perceived as a shortcoming of the “ model - view - controller ( MVC ) ” architecture , shotgun code smell is exposed by Ruby on Rails to have instead been a problem with the language ( Java ) and frameworks in use to implement MVC .
Rapid development methodology : Rails targets zero turnaround time development , where developer changes to the system are made instantly available for use and testing .
Rails development eliminates the build cycle , the deploy cycle , and the container restart cycle .
Java , at its best , only approaches zero turnaround time development , attempting to compile and deploy in the background with certain IDEs in certain environments .
Ultimately , changes to configuration files such as those used by Struts end up causing container restarts which sap developer time .
Single - stack application framework : Ruby on Rails includes all the components necessary to build complete web applications from the database forward ( even including a pure - Ruby web server for those who wish to develop immediately without setting up a web server such as Apache or lighttpd ) , providing object - database linkage , a Model - View - Controller framework , unit and functional testing tools , out - of - the - box support for AJAX and stylesheets , support for multiple templating systems , multi-environment deployments , support for automated local and remote deployments ( via the included Switchtower utility ) , inbound and outbound email support , web services support , etc .
With Java , choices abound , and we have seen that there is actually too much choice : core architectural components in wide usage are being actively deprecated by their developers and well - considered choices made at one point in time are revealed to be dead - ends 6 - 12 months later .
The Java web community is in a state of high flux , and the apparent direction that the community at large is taking appears to not bode well for the type of architecture we had envisioned .
AJAX UI support :
We have placed a high priority on streamlining the user interface for the CenterNet rewrite .
The most viable technology for streamlining user interaction is AJAX ( “ Asynchronous JavaScript and XML ” ) .
Ruby on Rails ’ support for AJAX is powerful , flexible , terse , and well - integrated into the framework .
The development of the Prototype AJAX library ( a popular AJAX and JavaScript effects library ) has been driven by Rails development feedback .
What progress we have been able to make with AJAX under our Java framework has been through using Rails ’ AJAX output as a guide to implementing JSP taglibs in Java .
AJAX development in Java has proven to be extremely difficult .
IDE automation not required :
It is well - documented that much productivity in Java comes from the widespread use of tools to automate code writing and change .
The “ shotgun code smell ” which permeates the Java web stacks is reigned in with editors such as Eclipse which support XDoclet annotations .
The verbosity of Java Bean getter and setter methods ( code which must be written to read and write every value accessible in a Java Bean object ) is mitigated by editors which support hotkeys or other automation methods for creating those methods .
Other tools ( e.g. Middlegen ) use known data to write code or verbose XML configuration files .
Java is widely defended as “ productive ” , so long as the proper tools are in use to mitigate the impact of voluminous code and configuration data .
The learning curve , however , for the use of these tools is high .
Indeed , even the process of choosing which tools to use comes with a high research burden and high risk of abandonment ( see above , under “ Single - stack application framework ” ) .
It is this author ’s belief that much of the research into annotations and Aspect - oriented programming is geared toward making the widely adopted Java language productive for developers and maintainers .
In contrast , Ruby and Rails are terse and dynamic , support AOP - style separation of concerns ( Rails also has AOP tools available , though not widely used ) , minimize configuration , and consequently are productive outside the use of code / config generators and IDE environments designed to minimize necessary ( to Java ) redundant typing .
We have found Ruby to be extremely flexible in this regard , allowing us to quickly alter functionality without touching framework code .
Dependency Injection ( IoC ) : Dependency Injection ( or Inversion of Control ) is a pattern widely used in Java development to help streamline the process of connecting and / or replacing components and services inside an application .
Java ’s type system , as well as the abundance of components available ( and , some would argue , the high degree of volatility in the availability of usable components ) makes Dependency Injection a necessary technique .
Dependency Injection is also useful in testing under Java ’s typing system , where replacing components with stubs or mock objects can be cumbersome .
There exist small Ruby libraries for implementing Dependency Injection , but Ruby ’s dynamic nature and open typing makes Dependency Injection much less of a necessity than in the Java world .
Open - source : Both Ruby and Rails are freely downloadable and redistributable open source products .
While parts of our Java stack are open source ( under licenses of varying flexibility ) , much of Java is encumbered by restricted licenses , despite Sun ’s PR push to cast Java tools as “ open source ” software .
A true open source language and framework provides an ultimate escape from both vendor lock - in and unpatched software defects : simply read the code and change things yourself .
Database agnosticism : Rails supports a wide array of databases , including all the common production database platforms .
Our high - level goal of maintaining database platform independence is supported by Rails .
Later adopters wishing to customize CenterNet for use on other databases would not be hampered by our choice of Rails as a platform .
We have had great success in developing , testing , and deploying Rails on multiple databases simultaneously — we are currently using PostgreSQL and Oracle .
Web services support : Rails supports the most popular web services protocols , including XML - RPC , SOAP , and WSDL .
Rails ’ flexibility with regard to external APIs enables addition of further web services interfaces easily .
The popular Rails weblogging software Typo serves as an open example of the ease with which new APIs can be added to Rails applications .
Integrated unit and functional testing support :
Our iterative development process for CenterNet relies heavily on the ability to build comprehensive automated tests .
Testing in Rails is simple , well - documented , terse , and integrated into the Rails framework .
Rails builds the necessary scaffolding for unit and functional tests automatically , and tracks test / code ratios automatically .
Rails includes native support for mock object testing and database fixtures , streamlining out - of - container testing .
Since Rails does n’t require a heavy object container , the headaches of Java - style “ in-container ” testing are alleviated — allowing for faster http - level and in - browser testing .
In contrast to Java , with its numerous heavy testing frameworks , where Java requires the absorption of entire 300 - page texts for each layer of the testing hierarchy , everything one needs to know about Rails testing , which covers the same scope , can be learned from a couple of short chapters .
The availability of ready testing has greatly eased our development and caught a large number of early defects which would have been difficult to otherwise exorcise .
Production vs. Testing vs. Development : Rails enforces the concept of deployment environments .
Rails comes stock with three environments : production , where caching and performance enhancements are enabled , code is assumed not to be under development , and developer information is not passed back to the end user ; testing , where a volatile database is made available for the purpose of running test suites ; and development , where performance enhancements are disabled , a development database is in use , developer tools and feedback are in force , and the emphasis is on agile development methodologies expecting zero turnaround time development .
Selection of an environment is enabled through one master switch .
Rails allows for any number of additional environments to be created , and setting up an environment is trivial ( a new file with a few lines of configuration information ) .
In contrast , while Java allows for distinguishing environments , tool support is lacking , and any configuration switch must necessarily touch numerous components in an application .
MVC separation of concerns : Rails integrates the Model - View - Controller architecture in a lightweight manner .
Separation of business logic from database logic and from user interface is handled cleanly , decreasing coupling and providing the benefits of orthogonality .
The Java MVC architecture of choice , Struts — which is being deprecated by its author in favor of non-MVC “ component ” tools which are the current rage in the Java world — places heavy overhead on the developer creating the controller and action building blocks of the front - end , while the struts - config.xml XML configuration file is verbose , unwwieldy , untyped , and requires container reloads on changes , thwarting attempts at “ zero turnaround time ” development .
Share - nothing horizontal scalability : While Rails benefits from increasing the horsepower of servers on which it runs , Rails is designed from a “ share - nothing ” mindset .
Each Rails thread is self - contained horizontally ( i.e. , it shares nothing with other Rails threads ) , and vertically ( i.e. , it shares nothing with the web server or the database server ) .
When deploying Rails for scalability it is typical to use lightweight high - speed server tools such as lighttpd and FastCGI to allow for cheap and easy horizontal scalability .
Add more cheap commodity PC hardware and the application handles more load .
Add memcached ( essentially , a distributed memory cache on the local network ) to some of those cheap systems and even the database tier is scaled cheaply and horizontally .
Java also offers horizontal scalability — the baseline deployment being higher ( Java + application server tends to have a heavy footprint ) , the configuration burden is typically higher than that for scaling Rails , and it is often harder to set up a Java framework in a “ share nothing ” manner .
Memcached support : Rails provides integrated support for memcached , written by the developers at LiveJournal to allow them to scale their Perl + MySQL application to handle traffic loads on their 2.5 M + user base .
Utilities :
The Rails breakpointer allows developers to set a breakpoint in web application code , which is nothing revolutionary .
What is impressive is that once this breakpoint is hit by the web application , the developer has a console available at that line of code where he can inspect and modify any and all Ruby constructs ( including classes , methods , etc. ) , and then can send the application running from that point ( tellingly , the breakpoint library ’s source code is shorter than a typical Java Hibernate XML mapping file for a single database table ) .
Additionally , there are tools for running short automation scripts at the model level , and even an interactive console for working with Rails models and model constructs .
Java ’s verbosity , typing , and compiled nature makes development of a comparable tool not only complex ( if not impossible ) , but would make its use cumbersome .
API stability : Rails is nearing its “ 1.0 ” release , which is not only psychologically important but acts as a milestone for API stability — major changes to the framework would be avoided in the 1.x series .
After the publication of the Rails guidebook Agile Web Development with Rails , the Rails development team ( including , most visibly , David Heinemeier Hansson ) are on record with a commitment that they will not “ break the book ” on the road to 1.0 .
Essentially , the 1.0 APIs are here , with whatever modifications are necessary being backward compatible with those documented in The Book .
Following the development of Rails since its first public release , this author notes that there have been very few incompatibilities introduced even from the earliest stages .
Language stability : Ruby as a language is stable , with the language developers historically working hard to maintain backwards compatibility .
Java , the language , has undergone significant changes with each point - release .
The newest standard , Java 1.5 ( or “ Java5 ” ) introduces annotations , generics , and other constructs which are significant language changes reportedly geared towards addressing shortcomings in the Java language .
It is also worth noting that Ruby is of comparable age to Java ( Ruby is about 2 years older ) .
Project adoption of Ruby : The CenterNet rewrite project is already using Ruby for build automation dependency maintenance , dependency graph construction , and planning documentation .
The CenterNet build will compile the Ruby interpretor ( when necessary ) to examine project dependencies and generate build , documentation , and planning artifacts .
Additionally , Ruby has been used to prototype outcome charting for the old CenterNet system ’s new Residential functionality .
We have introduced Ruby on Rails to the rewrite project for rapid UI prototyping purposes , and it appears likely that it will be used in this role for the forseeable future .
High - level adoption :
There has been a repeated pattern of defection from Java to Ruby on Rails among the high - profile luminaries in the Java community .
Typically , a high - level Java figure will encounter Rails , speak out against the claims of improvement over Java , learn more about Rails , spend some time developing with Rails , and then retract past opposition , and begin using Rails for new project development .
There are numerous such accounts on the web , here are a couple of the more interesting ones , from David Geary and another ( deep in the heart of a flame - war about one of David Geary ’s earlier posts ) , from Bruce Tate .
This defection pattern continues .
Considerations
There are some important considerations to take into account regarding the adoption of Ruby on Rails at this stage in our project .
NARSARSUAQ , Greenland —
A strange thing is happening at the edge of Poul Bjerge ’s forest , a place so minute and unexpected that it brings to mind the teeny plot of land Woody Allen ’s father carries around in the film “ Love and Death . ”
Its four oldest trees — in fact , the four oldest pine trees in Greenland , named Rosenvinge ’s trees after the Dutch botanist who planted them in a mad experiment in 1893 — are waking up .
After lapsing into stately , sleepy old age , they are exhibiting new sprinklings of green at their tops , as if someone had glued on fresh needles .
“ The old ones , they ’re having a second youth , ” said Mr. Bjerge , 78 , who has watched the forest , called Qanasiassat , come to life , in fits and starts , since planting most of the trees in it 50 years ago .
He beamed like a proud grandson .
“ They ’re growing again . ”
When using the words “ growing ” in connection with Greenland in the same sentence , it is important to remember that although Greenland is about one - quarter the size of Europe , it has only nine conifer forests like Mr. Bjerge ’s , all of them cultivated .
It has only 51 farms .
( They are all sheep farms , although one man is trying to raise cattle .
He has 22 cows . )
Except for potatoes , the only vegetables most Greenlanders ever eat — to the extent that they eat vegetables at all — are imported , mostly from Denmark .
In recent times , it seems to be an increasing trend for anti-copying software DRM systems to install invasive privileged software .
For example , there ’s the ever so infamous “ Sony DRM Rootkit ” that Mark Russinovich publicly exposed some time ago .
Unfortunately , software like this is becoming commonplace nowadays .
Most DRM technologies tend to use unsupported and / or “ fringe ” techniques to make themselves difficult to understand and debug .
However , more often than not , the DRM authors often get little things wrong with their anti-debug / anti-hack implementations , and when you ’re running in a privileged space , “ little things wrong ” can translate into a security vulnerability .
Yesterday , Microsoft published a security advisory concerning a privileged DRM system ( Macrovision ’s SafeDisc , secdrv.sys ) that happened to have a security bug in it .
Security bugs in privileged parts of DRM code are certainly nothing new in this day and age , but what makes this case interesting is that here , Microsoft shipped the affected code with the operating system since Windows XP .
To make matters worse , the code ( a kernel driver ) is running by default on all Windows XP x64 and Windows Server 2003 x64 systems .
( The bug is reportedly not present in the Windows Vista implementation of the driver in question . )
On x64 versions of Windows , the driver even runs if you have no programs running ( or even installed ) that use SafeDisc .
Curiously , this does not appear to be the case for x86 versions of Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 , for which secdrv is configured as a demand start driver .
I ’ve always wondered how Macrovision managed to talk Microsoft into shipping a third party , software only driver , which for x64 versions of Windows is always enabled ( secdrv has , as previously mentioned , been on every Windows box since Windows XP , although it is not automatically started on x86 versions of Windows ) .
Doing so always seemed rather … distasteful to me , but the situation becomes even more unfortunate when the code in question has a security bug ( a kernel memory overwrite – local privilege escalation – bug , as far as I know ) .
I ’m sure all the Windows Terminal Server admins out there will really just love having to reboot their Windows Server 2003 x64 TS boxes because a buggy video game DRM system was shipped with the OS and is on by default , despite the fact that there ’s almost zero chance that any software that would have used Macrovision would possibly ever end up on a server OS install .
In this respect , I think that DRM systems are going to be high priority targets for security bugs in this increasingly digitally - restricted world .
With more and more content and software being locked up by DRM , said DRM systems become increasingly widespread and attractive targets for attack .
Furthermore , from observing the seemingly never - ending wars between Sony , Macrovision , and others against persons who reverse engineer the DRM systems these companies distribute , it would seem that there is in fact already a fair amount of incentive for “ unsavory ” individuals to be taking these DRM systems apart , security bugs nonwithstanding .
To make matters worse , due to their extremely secretive nature , it ’s highly questionable whether DRM systems get proper ( and effective ) code and design reviews .
In fact , this point is even more worrisome ( in my opinion ) when one considers that software DRM systems are virtually by definition engineered to be difficult to understand ( so as to be more resilient to attack through security by obscurity ) .
The worst thing about bugs with DRM systems is that for a “ legitimate ” customer that obeys the “ rules ” and happily installs DRM - ware on their box , they generally can’t ever mitigate the risk by simply disabling the “ affected component ” without breaking their DRM ’d content or software ( and good luck trying to ask technical support how to get the protected content to work without DRM , security bugs or not ) .
Most ironically , “ unscrupulous ” individuals who have hacked around their DRM systems might be more secure in the end than paying customers , if they can access the protected content without involving the DRM system .
Now to be fair , in this case , I ’d imagine most users could probably disable the secdrv driver if they wanted to ( I doubt anyone running Windows Server 2003 would miss it at all , for one ) .
Still , the fact remains that the vast majority of DRM systems are of amazingly poor quality in terms of robustness and well written code .
This is one of the reasons why I personally am extremely wary of playing games that require administrative privileges or install administrative “ helper services ” for non-administrative users , because games have a high incidence of including low quality anti-cheat / anti-hack / anti-copying systems nowadays .
I simply do n’t trust the people behind these systems to get their code right enough to be comfortable with it running with full privileges on my box .
From a software security perspective , I tend to rank most DRM technologies right up there with anti-virus software and other dregs of the software security world .
Update : Changed to note that secdrv is configured as auto start only for Windows XP x64 and Windows Server 2003 x64 .
On x86 versions of these operating systems , it is a demand start driver .
The reason for this discrepancy is not known , although one would tend to suspect that it is perhaps an oversight given the behavior on x86 machines .
Tags : DRM , Rant
Many voices within Washington Post 's newsroom criticized its story on Obama 's rumored Muslim ties .
Wash .
Post Obama story under fire
The Washington Post is accustomed to criticism of its coverage from the right and left blogospheres , but a Nov. 29 front page story about Barack Obama ’s rumored Muslim ties came with a twist :
Many voices within its own newsroom joined in the firestorm .
Post editorial cartoonist Tom Toles lampooned it on the editorial page last Friday , and media critic Howard Kurtz wrote Monday that he did n’t “ believe the piece was well executed . ”
This Sunday , Deborah Howell will weigh in with her ombudsman column .
Advertisement
Assistant Managing Editor Bill Hamilton , who oversees political coverage and edited the article , said that he was “ a little puzzled ” that readers did n’t see that the paper ’s intention was to call into question rumors that Obama is secretly a Muslim ( rather than a Christian ) , and was educated in an Indonesian madrassa .
“ I ’m sorry it was misunderstood , ” Hamilton said .
“ It obviously makes me think about how I edited it . ”
Both Post Managing Editor Phil Bennett and Perry Bacon Jr. , the reporter who wrote the piece ( and is now on the campaign trail in Iowa ) , deferred questions to Hamilton .
Since Thursday , there have been angry e-mails , Hamilton said , and allegations that the Post is swift - boating the Illinois senator by discussing rumors at length , without mentioning whether they ’ve been thoroughly discredited by other media .
In a web piece titled “ Is Perry Bacon Serious ? ” , Columbia Journalism Review ’s Paul McLeary wrote that the Post ’s A1 story “ may be the single worst campaign ‘ 08 piece to appear in any American newspaper so far this election cycle . ”
McLeary contended that the Post played up rumors about Muslim ties , including one from Insight magazine about how the young Obama was educated at an Indonesian madrassa , without mentioning that a CNN reporter jetted off to Jakarta nearly 11 months ago and debunked it .
Responding to McLeary ’s piece , Hamilton said that for a “ journalism review to adapt the language of the most extreme blogs totally discredits it . ”
He also took offense at CJR ’s singling out Bacon in the headline .
Indeed , Hamilton said that the story originated in the past few weeks , following discussions with political reporters who noted how a small segment of the public — despite evidence to the contrary — believed that Obama was Muslim , or at least had a Muslim education .
Executive editor Len Downie liked the finished story enough for it get front page treatment , according to Hamilton .
The paper ’s intention , Hamilton said , was “ to write a story about the kind of rumors that are out there , ” and added that “ saying something is a rumor is not saying it ’s true . ”
“ We did n’t say it was a false rumor , ” Hamilton added .
“ To me , a rumor is not true . ”
In the Post article , the madrassa story is described as “ an early rumor , ” rather than a “ false report , ” which is how CNN summed it up in Jan. 2007 .
“ I do n’t mean to be immune to criticism , ” Hamilton said .
“ Obviously we did something that we should have been careful about . ”
However , he added , “ Not every imperfect story generates this type of controversy . ”
Accepting internal criticism , Hamilton said that the Post “ is a big family , and families have lots of disagreements . ”
“ We ’re not a hierarchical organization that promotes message discipline , ” he added .
There is a quote in the novel “ Dune ” , whose characters are very similar to the people we are involved with today as a nation ; the quote from this book is the central core of the novel ’s premise ; “ Fear is the mind killer ” .
Frank Herbert , the author of this great sci- fi book hit the nail right on the head .
Americans must realize , and realize soon , that fear is indeed “ The Mind - Killer ” .
Fear is at the very core of this administration ’s policies .
Since 9/11 we have been bombarded with messages of fear .
Every time this nation ’s alert status goes up , George W. Bush ’s popularity rating rises 3 or 4 % .
It is no wonder that we were in “ alert status orange ” prior to the 2004 election .
Do n’t let Bush and his minions destroy your faith in this country , and its power to protect American citizens .
We do n’t need to march around the world invading nations that are no threat to us as we did in Iraq .
We have wasted over 3,800 lives and Iraq is still a quagmire .
The Bush administration wants you to believe that the escalation of force that we call a “ surge ” is a rousing success .
I ’m hear to tell you that according to many , the militias in Iraq are just laying low , waiting for the troop levels to go back to pre-surge levels expected in the Summer of 2008 .
The Sadr Militia especially is tolerating American attacks of its forces in Baghdad and not firing back .
They do n’t want to provoke a fight with the Americans right now .
According to Pepe ’ Escobar who has an extensive knowledge of Iraq from traveling “ un-embedded ” with Sunni militia forces , says the Sadr Militia is forming a “ Hezbollah ” structure and is planning to go to war with the Badr Militia in the South and then to take control of the Central Government .
The Western part of the country , run by Sunni Militias under the name of the Islamic Republic of Iraq is now engaged with the help of American forces , to eliminate the mostly foreign fighters of al Qaeda .
Out of 72,000 militia fighters that are present there , over 42,000 are being paid and supplied by America .
These people want to be in the mostly Shiite government in Baghdad .
If they are not welcomed in the capital , there will be more sectarian bloodshed .
This is n’t the only problem , most sources ’ say that the Islamic Republic Forces in al Anbar Province are also waiting for the elimination of al Qaeda and the troop surge to die down before making any plans .
They are basically opposed to the occupation .
This gives rise to America ’s number one nightmare ; a breakout in Sectarian violence like has never been seen before .
This will more than likely coincide with the new American President taking office .
This is just another thing the legacy of George W. Bush , the “ Decider ” has left us .
We need to pull out of Iraq yesterday .
We have left the infrastructure of Iraq in a shambles and Lancet has reported that over 600,000 Iraqi citizens have been killed in this “ American experiment in nation building ” .
The city of Baghdad according to people coming back , looks much like Dresden did after World War II .
Have you ever wondered why we have never seen “ fly - over ” photo’s of the Iraqi capital ?
This nation of ours has decimated the country and over a million of its citizens ’ have fled to Syria , Jordan and other nations .
We “ celebrate ” when two hundred families come back to Baghdad because Syria is starting to throw Iraqi ’s out .
This government of George W. Bush takes any opportunity to “ spin ” the facts .
Baghdad was one a predominately Sunni city , now due to ethnic cleansing it is 85 % Shiite .
The families that have come back are not able to return to their homes , they are now in Shiite hands ; they must now live in walled - off ghetto ’s that America has cordoned off .
Is this a war on global terrorism ?
Does what we have wrought in Iraq give any American family more comfort or security ?
The answer is that it has only heightened the hate that every Iraqi now holds for America .
Does George W. Bush ’s attempt to rely on America ’s fear after 9/11 alleviate the fear of another terrorist attack ?
The answer is no , we have only made the situation worse .
Iraq is a quagmire that we have entered into willingly for the sake of profits and to seize the Iraqi oil field ’s that according to most experts ; rival the Saudi oil fields with the 2nd largest proven oil reserves in the world .
This is not fighting for America ’s security , far from it : it only increases the hatred and contempt of the Muslim world and leaves us a prime target for more attacks .
September 11th , 2001 could have been averted if the President had called the air defense grid up and tracked the planes that had their responders turned off .
This is an elementary procedure that anyone with knowledge of air defense knows .
Why he did n’t , instead of reading a goat book to a group of schoolchildren is beyond my comprehension .
This is the “ The Decider ” ?
Sure , I was born at night , but it was n’t last night .
How can we fight a “ War on Terror ” ?
Terror and terrorists will always exist on this planet .
This is akin to fighting the “ War on Drugs ” .
Drugs will always be here and this too is a never - ending battle , both brought to us by the Republicans .
At least the “ War on Drugs ” is almost a self - sustaining effort that is somewhat financed through seized property .
Many people have made this phony war their ticket to an entire career with the government , mostly on your dollar .
We will never stop the drug trade , just as we will never completely eliminate terrorism in all of its many forms .
The government now wants to pass S 1959 the so - called “ Thought Control Bill ” that will censure what anyone may say that can be construed as an “ attack ” on America that may lead some people to become “ violent ” and therefore become a “ security threat ” .
This is outrageous and stands against everything that this nation stands for !
To take our voices away from the people is a crime in itself !
If someone becomes violent after reading what someone writes , if it ’s the truth than maybe the situation should be changed , not the right to express our opinion !
Benjamin Franklin said that “ Those who would give up their freedom for security will have neither security nor freedom ” .
Americans must realize that a police state will prove no more capable to stop terrorist attacks or any other form of violence than a nation that values their liberties .
Franklin D. Roosevelt said it best ;
“ The only thing we have to fear is fear itself ” .
Think about that the next time Bush and Cheney try to push something through Congress that will extinguish your liberty .
That ’s the way I see it .
Some Playing with Derivatives
This is a summary of what I ’ve been playing with in case people find it interesting .
In general , there are three ways to find the derivative of a function :
Do the symbolic manipulation of formulae that we all learned in school when we were 16 years old .
This assumes that one has the function as an algebraic expression of some kind in terms of known quantities .
Do it numerically , by computing ( f( x + h ) – f( x ) ) / h for some small value of h .
This suffers from numerical inaccuracies , and will generally cause rises in the blood pressure of numerical analysts .
Calculate the value of the function and its derivative simultaneously at a given point of evaluation .
The last option seems to have a lot of names : automatic differentiation , algorithmic differentiation , and a few more .
Just for fun , I wrote an implementation of a very simplified version of it in Haskell .
The Implementation
module AD where data AD a = AD a a instance Eq a => Eq ( AD a ) where ( AD x dx ) == ( AD y dy ) = x == y instance Show a =>
Show ( AD a ) where show ( AD x dx ) = show x ++ " + " ++ show dx ++ " eps " instance Num a =>
Num ( AD a ) where ( AD x dx ) + ( AD y dy ) = AD ( x + y ) ( dx + dy ) ( AD x dx ) - ( AD y dy ) = AD ( x - y ) ( dx - dy ) ( AD x dx ) * ( AD y dy ) = AD ( x * y ) ( dx * y + x * dy ) negate ( AD x dx ) = AD ( negate x ) ( negate dx ) abs ( AD 0 _ ) = error " not differentiable : |0| " abs ( AD x dx ) = AD ( abs x ) ( dx * signum x ) signum ( AD 0 _ ) = error " not differentiable : signum ( 0 ) " signum ( AD x dx ) = AD ( signum x ) 0 fromInteger i = AD ( fromInteger i ) 0 instance Fractional a => Fractional ( AD a ) where ( AD x dx ) / ( AD y dy ) = AD ( x / y ) ( ( dx * y - x * dy ) / y^ 2 ) recip ( AD x dx ) = AD ( 1 / x ) ( ( - dx ) / x ^2 ) fromRational x = AD ( fromRational x ) 0 instance Floating a => Floating ( AD a ) where pi = AD pi 0 exp ( AD x dx ) = AD ( exp x ) ( dx * exp x ) sqrt ( AD x dx ) = AD ( sqrt x ) ( dx / ( 2 * sqrt x ) ) log ( AD x dx ) = AD ( log x ) ( dx / x ) ( AD x dx ) ** ( AD y dy ) = AD ( x ** y ) ( dx * y * ( x ** ( y - 1 ) ) + dy * ( x ** y ) * log x ) sin ( AD x dx ) = AD ( sin x ) ( dx * cos x ) cos ( AD x dx ) = AD ( cos x ) ( - dx * sin x ) asin ( AD x dx ) = AD ( asin x ) ( dx / sqrt ( 1 - x ^ 2 ) ) acos ( AD x dx ) = AD ( acos x ) ( - dx / sqrt ( 1 - x ^ 2 ) ) atan ( AD x dx ) = AD ( atan x ) ( dx / ( 1 + x ^ 2 ) ) sinh ( AD x dx ) = AD ( sinh x ) ( dx * cosh x ) cosh ( AD x dx ) = AD ( cosh x ) ( dx * sinh x ) asinh ( AD x dx ) = AD ( asinh x ) ( dx / sqrt ( x ^ 2 + 1 ) ) acosh ( AD x dx ) = AD ( acosh x ) ( dx / sqrt ( x ^2 - 1 ) ) atanh ( AD x dx ) = AD ( atanh x ) ( dx / ( 1 - x ^ 2 ) ) diff :: Num a =>
( AD a -> AD t ) -> a -> t diffNum :: Num b => ( forall a . Num a => a -> a ) -> b -> b diffFractional :: Fractional b => ( forall a .
Fractional a => a -> a ) -> b -> b diffFloating :: Floating b => ( forall a .
Floating a => a -> a ) -> b -> b diff f x = let AD y dy = f ( AD x 1 ) in dy diffNum f x = let AD y dy = f ( AD x 1 ) in dy diffFractional f x = let AD y dy = f ( AD x 1 ) in dy diffFloating f x = let AD y dy = f ( AD x 1 ) in dy
Essentially , this declares a data type to represent the pair of a number and its first derivative .
It then defines how to perform primitive math operations on that data type , for three of Haskell ’s numerical type classes .
Note that basically the entire implementation consists of talking about how derivatives fare in the face of certain operations .
In fact , you may recognize a lot of it from the algebra of differentials in calculus .
For example , if z = xy , then dz = x dy + y dx , and so forth .
( One quick note , because someone else asked me about this .
The exponentiation operator ** is complicated because both the base and the exponent could be non-constant .
So it must use both the power rule and the exponentiation rule . )
My Argument With the Type System
The last section is certainly weird .
It defines four identical functions , because the type system gets in the way of doing what I really want .
What I would like is for the diff function to map functions over the numeric typeclasses to other functions over the same type classes .
For example , the derivative of a function with type ( Num a => a -> a ) will itself have type ( Num a => a -> a ) .
The derivative of a function with type ( Floating a => a -> a ) will itself have type ( Floating a => a -> a ) .
But the only way that works is for diff to get a type that depends on AD .
That ’s confusing , because the type AD is an implementation detail ; and I ’d rather not even export it .
The user of this module wo n’t think they ’ve written a function for the type AD ; they ’ve just written a function over any type that is an instance of , say , Floating .
To illustrate something closer to what would make me happy , I ’ve also given the same function three better types , in diffNum , diffFractional , and diffFloating .
These rank 2 types provide the right level of abstraction ; but unfortunately , it ’s impossible to write only one function that works for all three numeric type classes .
Here ’s what I ’d really like to be able to say :
diff :: forall A a . ( A :>
Floating , A a , Num a ) => ( forall b. ( A b ) => b -> b ) -> a -> a
Here , I ’m using :> to mean “ is a superclass of ” , and A is meant to quantify over type classes .
In other words , the type says that given any type class that ’s a superclass of Floating , I can pass in a function that ’s polymorphic over that type class , and get back its derivative ( interpreting its domain and range as being , at the very least , numbers ) .
But that ’s not possible , so the functions above all have some of the advantages , and I ’ve written all of them .
Does It Work ?
Glad you asked .
Yes and no .
Here ’s the yes part .
$ ghci - XRankNTypes autodiff.hs > let f x = 3 * x ^2 + 2 * x - 3 > let f ' = diff f > f ' 3 20 > let g x = 1 / sqrt ( exp x - asinh x ) > let g' = diff g > g' 3 -0.12660691544665373
So far , so good .
The “ no ” part of the answer is because there are a few specific situations in which the code will give the wrong answer .
First , the code I ’ve written often gives a derivative when the derivative is really undefined .
Sometimes this is me being sloppy ; for example , the log of - 1 is undefined , but this code provides a derivative anyway .
I could fix this if I were willing to make my code a little uglier .
Second , uses of fromRational and fromInteger must be constants , because the code assumes they are .
It was pointed out by Luke Palmer that I can define a function of the correct type ( Num a => a -> a ) by using the Show superclass to convert a value to a string , then read it as an Integer , do all sorts of things to it , and then convert the result back to the type a by using from Integer .
Doing so will give a derivative of zero , even if your function really has a different derivative .
A more nefarious example is this :
f x = if x == 1 then 1 else x^2
This is the same function as f x = x ^2 .
However , asking for the derivative at x = 1 will return 0 , because the function returns the constant 1 , whose first derivative is 0 .
In particular , the technique runs into problems right on the boundaries of intervals where the function is defined piecewise .
It does n’t appear to me that there ’s a particularly good way of dealing with this , except to process the source code and modify if statements to refuse to calculate derivatives at those locations .
That ’s far beyond the scope of a little playing with overloading , so I have no intention of doing it .
Extending to Other Cool Stuff
If we just got functions computing values , this would n’t be very visual .
In the effort to avoid introducing GUI libraries , I ’ll play the old trick of graphing functions sideways in ASCII art .
Let ’s look at the second function in my example above … the weird one with square roots , exponentials , and inverse hyperbolic sines .
Here ’s a test program .
import AD graph f ymin ystep xs = mapM_ ( putStrLn .
flip replicate '*' . round . ( / ystep ) . ( subtract ymin ) ) ( map f xs ) main = do let g x = 1 / sqrt ( exp x - asinh x ) graph g 0 ( 1/75 ) [ 0.0 , 0.1 .. 4.0 ] putStrLn "------------------------------------" graph ( diff g ) ( - 0.5 ) ( 1/175 ) [ 0.0 , 0.1 .. 4.0 ] putStrLn "------------------------------------" graph ( diff ( diff g ) ) ( - 0.75 ) ( 1/75 ) [ 0.0 , 0.1 .. 4.0 ]
That just defines our function g again , and graphs it and its first two derivatives using ASCII art .
Here ’s the result .
*************************************************************************** *************************************************************************** ************************************************************************** ************************************************************************* *********************************************************************** ********************************************************************* ******************************************************************* **************************************************************** ************************************************************* ********************************************************** ******************************************************* **************************************************** ************************************************* *********************************************** ******************************************** *****************************************
*************************************** ************************************* *********************************** ********************************* ******************************* *****************************
***************************
**************************
************************
***********************
**********************
*********************
********************
*******************
******************
*****************
****************
***************
**************
*************
*************
************
***********
***********
**********
------------------------------------ **************************************************************************************** ****************************************************************************** ******************************************************************* ******************************************************** ********************************************* ***********************************
***************************
**********************
******************
*****************
*****************
******************
********************
***********************
**************************
****************************** ********************************* ************************************* **************************************** ******************************************* ********************************************** ************************************************ *************************************************** ***************************************************** ******************************************************* ********************************************************* *********************************************************** ************************************************************* ************************************************************** **************************************************************** ***************************************************************** ******************************************************************* ********************************************************************
********************************************************************* ********************************************************************** *********************************************************************** ************************************************************************ ************************************************************************* ************************************************************************** ************************************************************************** ***************************************************************************
------------------------------------
*******************
************
********
********
************
******************
*************************** ************************************* ********************************************** ****************************************************** ************************************************************ **************************************************************** ******************************************************************* ********************************************************************* ********************************************************************** *********************************************************************** *********************************************************************** ********************************************************************** ********************************************************************** ********************************************************************* ******************************************************************** *******************************************************************
******************************************************************* ****************************************************************** ***************************************************************** ***************************************************************** **************************************************************** *************************************************************** *************************************************************** ************************************************************** ************************************************************** ************************************************************** ************************************************************* ************************************************************* ************************************************************* ************************************************************ ************************************************************ ************************************************************ ************************************************************ *********************************************************** ***********************************************************
Though few of the bits of human genetic code that vary between individuals have yet to be tied to physical or behavioral traits , scientists have found that roughly 10 percent of them are more common in certain continental groups and can be used to distinguish people of different races .
They say that studying the differences , which arose during the tens of thousands of years that human populations evolved on separate continents after their ancestors dispersed from humanity ’s birthplace in East Africa , is crucial to mapping the genetic basis for disease .
But many geneticists , wary of fueling discrimination and worried that speaking openly about race could endanger support for their research , are loath to discuss the social implications of their findings .
Still , some acknowledge that as their data and methods are extended to nonmedical traits , the field is at what one leading researcher recently called “ a very delicate time , and a dangerous time . ”
“ There are clear differences between people of different continental ancestries , ” said Marcus W. Feldman , a professor of biological sciences at Stanford University .
“ It ’s not there yet for things like I.Q. , but I can see it coming .
And it has the potential to spark a new era of racism if we do not start explaining it better . ”
Dr. Feldman said any finding on intelligence was likely to be exceedingly hard to pin down .
But given that some may emerge , he said he wanted to create “ ready response teams ” of geneticists to put such socially fraught discoveries in perspective .
The authority that DNA has earned through its use in freeing falsely convicted inmates , preventing disease and reconstructing family ties leads people to wrongly elevate genetics over other explanations for differences between groups .
“ I ’ve spent the last 10 years of my life researching how much genetic variability there is between populations , ” said Dr. David Altshuler , director of the Program in Medical and Population Genetics at the Broad Institute in Cambridge , Mass .
“ But living in America , it is so clear that the economic and social and educational differences have so much more influence than genes .
People just somehow fixate on genetics , even if the influence is very small . ”
But on the Half Sigma blog and elsewhere , the conversation is already flashing forward to what might happen if genetically encoded racial differences in socially desirable — or undesirable — traits are identified .
Packaging Methods
Undercover Condoms buys condoms in bulk from manufacturers so we can pass along the savings to our customers .
Depending on the condoms and pack size you select , you may receive products in Retail Packaging or in Bulk Packaging .
Retail Packaging
Retail Packaging is the same packaging that you would get if you bought the item at a local drug store .
It is not opened in any way and sealed for security .
Bulk Packaging
Bulk Packaging is when your condoms are packaged loosely in a protective , sealed , and secure clear plastic bag instead of the typical retail packaging .
Some condoms are shipped from the manufacturers like this when purchasing in bulk and receive bigger discounts .
Undercover Condoms is then able to pass along those discounts to our customers .
These condoms are just as safe to use as they would be if received in retail packaging .
Updated photos on November 5 , 2007 / October 25 , 2007 Cochin , Kerala , India - A year and a half ago the April 4 , 2006 , journal Astrophysics and Space Science had a report entitled “ The Red Rain Phenomenon of Kerala and Its Possible Extraterrestrial Origin . ” Kerala is a state at the southwestern tip of India on the Malabar Coast .
“ That is so strange that these cells can be grown at very high temperatures of 300 degrees Celsius ( 572 degrees F. ) .
There is no known organism on Earth that can grow and multiply at this temperature actually .
No DNA has been found either . ”
Click here to subscribe and get instant access to read this report .
Click here to check your existing subscription status .
Existing members , login below :
As the story goes , the East Coast Crips robbed a Florencia 13 drug connection of a large quantity of dope nearly a decade ago .
Since then , the tale of how a black street gang ripped off a Latino rival has taken on mythic proportions .
But to this day police are uncertain if the fabled heist ever occurred .
“ You hear so many different variations of this crime , ” said Terry Burgin , a Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department gang detective .
“ Who knows what really happened ?
[ But ] the effects are tremendous . ”
Over the years , the two rival gangs have battled over control of the drug trade in Florence - Firestone , an unincorporated neighborhood north of Watts .
The feud has escalated into what many residents call a race war .
It used to be that innocent bystanders were not targeted , said Chris Le Grande , pastor of Great Hope Fellowship in Faith , one of Florence - Firestone ’s largest black churches .
“ Now it ’s deliberate .
‘ I ’m deliberately shooting you because of your color . ’ ”
On Tuesday , the U.S. attorney ’s office announced a sweeping indictment against more than 60 members of Florencia 13 , accusing the Latino gang of waging a violent campaign to drive out African American rivals .
Once primarily black , the working class community of 60,000 today is mostly Latino .
But some say that ’s only part of the truth .
The war has two sides , said Robert Ramirez , a Florencia 13 gang member .
“ I ’m not going to say we ’re angels , but it ’s 50 - 50 , ” he said , as fellow gang members sprayed walls with Florencia graffiti .
“ ‘ Any black , shoot on sight ? ’ -- it ’s not true .
Nobody likes a racist person . ”
The neighborhood saw 41 homicides in 2005 , surpassing the homicide rate in some of the nation ’s most dangerous big cities , authorities said .
About half of those killed had no gang affiliation .
Homicides dropped to 19 last year after a major law enforcement crackdown that led to 230 felony arrests and the seizure of 130 weapons .
But the level of violence remains high .
Authorities attribute the neighborhood ’s gang troubles in large part to the huge demographic shift that occurred in this economically depressed community over the last 20 years , tipping the balance of power from black to Latino and turning it into a tinderbox of racial tensions .
That kind of demographic shift has occurred in many parts of Southern California , but Florence - Firestone is one of the places where it has turned violent .
The violence threatens an economic revival that has begun to revitalize the neighborhood .
Mexican Mafia strategy
Like many black and Latino gangs , they ignored each other during the worst gang years of the late ‘ 80s and early ‘ 90s .
Instead , they focused on attacking rivals of their own race .
But during the mid-'90s , the Mexican Mafia prison gang began directing Latino gangs to stop fighting each other , to “ tax ” drug dealers and to push blacks from their neighborhoods , according to numerous gang members and law enforcement officers .
Florencia , in particular , had warred for years with 38th Street , a Latino gang to the north .
But under the new rules , Florencia was forced to get along with rival Latino gangs and once even played a pickup football game with 38th Street , said one Florencia gang member who requested anonymity out of fear for his safety .
The Mexican Mafia “ did n’t understand how it worked , ” he said .
“ I hate 38th Street .
I did n’t have no problem with the guys from East Coast because I grew up with them .
It ’s kind of hard to say , ‘ Now I ’m going to .
. . kill this black guy just because he ’s black . ’
But that ’s how they wanted to do it . ”
In 1996 tensions erupted when members of a gang associated with East Coast Crips , known as the 6 - 5 Hustlers , killed a Florencia member .
After some retaliation , the gangs held a peace summit at Parmelee Elementary School one night , and that “ kind of squashed everything , ” the gang member said .
But the fighting resumed when word , perhaps mythical , spread about the East Coast Crips ’ drug rip - off of Florencia 13 .
Race , gang rivalry and drugs have become impossibly tangled as motives in killings and assaults in the neighborhood , authorities and residents say .
The result : a gangland version of racial profiling .
“ They just see a young man of the opposite race and they shoot , ” said Olivia Rosales , a former hate - crime prosecutor , who prosecuted all the East Coast - Florencia murder cases for the last two years .
“ They do n’t stop to question whether or not they are a member of the gang . ”
Of the 20 cases she prosecuted , said Rosales , who now runs the district attorney ’s Whittier office , “ most of the victims have not been members of the rival gang . ”
Demetrius Perry , 22 , was shot to death by Latinos yelling a gang epithet as he played basketball in January at Drew Middle School , witnesses said .
“ We used to kick it with ” Latinos , said Perry ’s father , Benny , who is black and grew up in the area .
“ Now you constantly hear about it :
This is their land first and they ’ve come to take it back . ”
Timothy Slack , who lives a few blocks from Great Hope Fellowship church , said Latino gang members often drive by shooting at blacks .
He does n’t allow his kids to go to the store and he never uses alleys anymore .
Slack grew up in Florence - Firestone when it was mostly black and had few Latinos .
Back then , “ they were timid , ” he said .
“ But as their numbers started getting bigger , then they started trying to be tougher .
They started thinking they could demand stuff . ”
But non-gang - affiliated Latinos have also been killed .
In 2005 , Alejandro Barrales was on his way to work at his family ’s restaurant when he was shot to death allegedly by Crips while in his car at a stop sign .
Gabino Lopez , 52 , was killed that year while walking to a mini-market for a beer after work .
A youth who reportedly wanted to join the Crips is charged with his killing .
In the neighborhood where Lopez was killed , people no longer sit outside in the evening , said his daughter , Mayra Lopez .
“ You never know when you ’re going to be the next target , ” she said .
Economy looking up
Today , a new shopping center is going in at Alameda Street and Florence Avenue , and rows of town houses are rising on Gage Avenue .
But “ the gang war puts a damper on everything that you do here , ” said Joe Titus , 79 , who was born in Florence - Firestone and volunteers with several community organizations .
“ You do n’t want to go out at night . ”
Fewer people ride bikes ; fewer children play outside after school .
Movable basketball stanchions , once ubiquitous in driveways , are gone .
Irv Sitkoff , a local pharmacist , said people of one race complain if his employees attend faster to people of the other race .
“ You ’ve got to very careful , ” he said .
“ Before , we did n’t think about it . ”
Sitkoff said his pharmacy has sold grim supplies to customers because of neighborhood violence : more colostomy bags , for example .
One Latino mother bought antidepressant medication from him for many months after her son , an innocent bystander , was killed by a black gang , Sitkoff said .
“ She did n’t talk directly about it , but there ’s fear , ” he said .
“ How could there not be ?
I have black families who are the same way . ”
Meanwhile , the exodus continues .
More black families depart every year for Palmdale or the Inland Empire .
Some cliques of the East Coast Crips in the neighborhood do n’t exist any more .
One former black gang member said he has n’t left Florence - Firestone because he still has family and property there .
But “ it ’s going to come a time when everybody ’s going to have to leave , ” he said .
“ Everybody ’s going to have to go . ”
sam.quinones@latimes.com
Former prosecutor : DOJ breaking rules for cell phone spying David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Friday November 23 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This ' Unusual ' cell phone tracking a ' slippery slope ' to Fourth Amendment desecration A newly revealed program that lets the government turn individuals ' cell phones into pocket - sized tracking devices seems to violate Justice Department policies and is a " slippery slope " to further degrading Americans ' Fourth Amendment privacy guarantees , a former government official said Friday .
" I think it 's a slippery slope , " former federal prosecutor Sunny Hostin , a CNN legal analyst , said on American Morning Friday .
" You should be following policy and that policy protects US citizens by the Fourth Amendment and our persons , our places , our homes . "
The Washington Post reported Friday that the Justice Department has relied on ambiguous policies to track an unknown number of suspected drug traffickers and other criminals using their cell phones without first obtaining a warrant .
Cell phone locations can be tracked either through GPS chips installed in the devices or by triangulating the signals they transmit to cell towers throughout the country .
" It 's very odd that that would happen and I have to tell you , I used to work for the Justice Department and the policy there is if you 're going to get a wire tap , if you 're going to get cell phone records you have to go to a judge to get permission to do that , " Hostin said .
She noted that obtaining warrants to track suspected criminals in life - or - death situations -- such as a child abduction -- is not difficult and mechanisms exist to expedite warrant consideration .
" A law enforcement officer can call a magistrate judge at home , there are people on call so the law can still be followed , " she said .
" And perhaps congress should pass legislation so that when we 're dealing with that sort of circumstance we can track these people because it is something that can be used and very important . "
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast on November 23 .
( This post is a part of the “ weekend ’s are for fun ” series . )
Law 1 : When you are hard at work , no one notices .
The moment you open your browser and start surfing , your boss will walk in .
Law 2 : When your stock options finally vest , they will be worthless .
Law 3 : If you are in a meeting making a presentation to all the big shots , your laptop will freeze right in the middle of the presentation .
Law 4 : If you are in a meeting with some lame - ass peers , the presenter ’s laptop will not freeze even if there ’s blood oozing out of your ears from all the boring droning .
Law 5 : If a product fails , it ’s because you are a stupid engineer .
If the product is a runaway success then it ’s because of the great management your company has !
Law 6 : If a company claims to have a good work - life balance , beware .
The definition of work - life balance usually is — you do the work , the upper manager has a life .
Law 7 : You will be paired with the biggest moron on the team , if your project is technically challenging .
Law 8 : You will be paired with the biggest credit - grabbing kiss - ass on the team , if your project has high visibility .
Law 9 : You will be paired with the laziest bum on the team , if your project has tight deadlines .
Law 10 : If you are a I - like - a - quiet - workspace person , your cube will be right next to the office gossip spending all the time gabbing on the phone .
Law 11 : Conversely , if you are an office gossip , your cube will be right next to the I - like - a - quiet - workspace kind of person , so you do n’t get any juicy gossip .
Law 12 : If you have a product that can make coffee , prepare presentations , and create kickass code all by itself , your marketing team will come up with an ad campaign for a garden variety boring widget .
Law 13 : On the other hand , if your product is really just a garden variety boring widget , your marketing team will promise a 100 different high profile clients that you will deliver a product that can make coffee , prepare presentations , and create kickass code all by itself , and while it ’s at it solve the world hunger problem .
Law 14 : When you do n’t have any hobbies that can be done easily from a work place , you will have no deadlines and too much time on your hands .
The moment you pick up a hobby that can be done from your work place ( hmmm …. blogging ? ) , it will shower deadlines .
Law 15 : Your clients will almost always want the product immediately after a long weekend so you can work while the rest of the world is having a vacation .
Law 16 : If the deadline is just before the long weekend , something will keep breaking , preventing you from completing it on time .
Law 17 : There will always be a traffic jam on the mornings that you wake up late , and have an early meeting .
Law 18 : Every time you go to the coffee room , there will be the last cup coffee left and now it ’s your turn to brew a fresh pot .
Just venting out some steam .
It ’s quite therapeutic actually !
Feel free to add your own “ Murphy ’s Laws for the Workplace ” if you would like 🙂
Do n't Envy the Successful Entrepreneur - Become One ! "
Like this post ?
Want more great articles ?
Check out our newsletter to receive exclusive content sent only to the select few who subscribe .
We will even start you off with the bonus 10 - part eSeries
Claim : Photograph shows
God ’s hands in a cloud formation .
FALSE
Examples :
[ Collected via e-mail , 2004 ]
A friend of mine sent this photo of a cloud formation in the aftermath of Hurricane Charley .
I think it is awesome and needed to be passed on .
I truly hope that all of you will be able to view it .
The Hands of GOD … [ Collected via e-mail , May 2007 ]
Cara Winship sent this out it is called : God ’s hands .
I took this picture on Hwy 30 , traveling to London , KY .
It has given me
strength in the times of trouble .
I feel I should share it with the rest of
the world .
I hope it is an inspiration to you .
It just goes to show what
we already know … .
We have a God and he ’s watching over us .
I e-mailed this picture to News Channel 36 .
I was contacted by
Meteorologist John James .
He said that this picture of the sky is
showing up , in all states , around the world .
He wanted to know where
I was from and where I took it .
He saw a similar picture taken in Texas .
He said this is amazing to him !
Variations :
In January 2010 this photograph was circulated as a picture of the sky above Haiti , taken just before the 7.0 earthquake that had hit that country earlier in the month .
Origins :
It is not uncommon for the religiously inclined to spot what they interpret as tangible signs of their faith in natural phenomena , especially in times of turmoil or distress .
However , the image displayed above is not a genuine case of a photographer ’s capturing something remarkably like God - in - the - clouds in the aftermath of a disaster , as claimed in the accompanying text — this picture was circulating long before Hurricane Charley hit the Florida peninsula in August 2004 , and it is a digital reworking , not a genuine photographic representation of something seen in the skies .
The original image looked like this :
Many viewers have noted the picture ’s similarity to a very graphic image made notorious by the goatse.cx shock site .
A reader who wrote to us to claim credit for the doctored photo said that he did indeed intend it as an homage to that site :
I created that picture for
goatse.cx .
I even had a version where I put a gold ring on one of the fingers , but I think I lost it .
I created that picture for www.shacknews.com . it was indeed an homage togoatse.cx .
I even had a version where I put a gold ring on one of the fingers , but I think I lost it .
The original forum post where I posted the picture was lost in a shacknews.com database crash , but I still have the file hosted on my webspace at
http://edgewise.shackspace.com/mancy.jpg
Since the post was lost in the crash , I ca n’t link you to the original picture , but it was just the hole in the clouds .
It took me literally 2
minutes to use a clone tool in Photoshop and create the 2 hands opening it up .
Last updated : 20 January 2010
Sources :
Musician Robert Plant ( C ) , formerly of Led Zeppelin , performs at the main stage during the Exit music festival in the Serbian town of Novi Sad July 12 , 2007 .
Led Zeppelin will offer their music online for the first time next month , they said on Monday .
REUTERS / Marko Djurica
LONDON ( Reuters ) - British rockers Led Zeppelin will offer their music online for the first time next month , they said on Monday .
The band , whose reunion gig in London in November prompted more than a million fans to apply for 10,000 available tickets , is one of the last major pop music acts to offer their catalogue digitally .
From November 13 , Led Zeppelin , which disbanded in 1980 following the death of drummer John Bonham , will make its albums available for download from all online music retailers .
The group behind such hits as “ Stairway to Heaven ” and “ Communication Breakdown , ” which has sold an estimated 300 million albums worldwide , joins the digital revolution sweeping the music industry as physical CD sales continue to fall .
“ We are pleased that the complete Led Zeppelin catalogue will now be available digitally , ” said guitarist Jimmy Page .
“ The addition of the digital option will better enable fans to obtain their music in whichever manner they prefer , ” he said in a statement .
As well as downloads , Led Zeppelin is teaming up with mobile provider Verizon Wireless to provide ring tones and full song downloads .
Verizon Wireless is owned by Verizon Communications Inc and Vodafone Group Plc .
The band hit the headlines in September with the announcement of a one - off reunion gig on November 26 as a tribute to the late founder of Atlantic Records , Ahmet Ertegun , who signed Led Zeppelin in 1968 .
The group will also release “ Mothership , ” a two - CD collection spanning the group ’s 12 - year career and a remixed version of “ The Song Remains the Same ” soundtrack from the band ’s three - night stint at Madison Square Garden in 1973 .
ONE of the odder features of last weekend 's vote in Venezuela was that staple foods were in short supply .
Something similar happened in Russia before its parliamentary election .
Governments in both oil - rich countries had imposed controls on food prices , with the usual consequences .
Such controls have been surprisingly widespread — a knee - jerk response to one of the most remarkable changes that food markets , indeed any markets , have seen for years : the end of cheap food .
In early September the world price of wheat rose to over $ 400 a tonne , the highest ever recorded .
In May it had been around $ 200 .
Though in real terms its price is far below the heights it scaled in 1974 , it is still twice the average of the past 25 years .
Earlier this year the price of maize ( corn ) exceeded $ 175 a tonne , again a world record .
It has fallen from its peak , as has that of wheat , but at $ 150 a tonne is still 50 % above the average for 2006 .
As the price of one crop shoots up , farmers plant it to take advantage , switching land from other uses .
So a rise in wheat prices has knock - on effects on other crops .
Rice prices have hit records this year , although their rise has been slower .
The Economist 's food - price index is now at its highest since it began in 1845 , having risen by one - third in the past year .
Normally , sky - high food prices reflect scarcity caused by crop failure .
Stocks are run down as everyone lives off last year 's stores .
This year harvests have been poor in some places , notably Australia , where the drought - hit wheat crop failed for the second year running .
And world cereals stocks as a proportion of production are the lowest ever recorded .
The run-down has been accentuated by the decision of large countries ( America and China ) to reduce stocks to save money .
Yet what is most remarkable about the present bout of “ agflation ” is that record prices are being achieved at a time not of scarcity but of abundance .
According to the International Grains Council , a trade body based in London , this year 's total cereals crop will be 1.66 billion tonnes , the largest on record and 89 m tonnes more than last year 's harvest , another bumper crop .
That the biggest grain harvest the world has ever seen is not enough to forestall scarcity prices tells you that something fundamental is affecting the world 's demand for cereals .
The meat of the question
Two things , in fact .
One is increasing wealth in China and India .
This is stoking demand for meat in those countries , in turn boosting the demand for cereals to feed to animals .
The use of grains for bread , tortillas and chapattis is linked to the growth of the world 's population .
It has been flat for decades , reflecting the slowing of population growth .
But demand for meat is tied to economic growth ( see chart 1 ) and global GDP is now in its fifth successive year of expansion at a rate of 4 % - plus .
Higher incomes in India and China have made hundreds of millions of people rich enough to afford meat and other foods .
In 1985 the average Chinese consumer ate 20kg ( 44lb ) of meat a year ; now he eats more than 50kg .
China 's appetite for meat may be nearing satiation , but other countries are following behind : in developing countries as a whole , consumption of cereals has been flat since 1980 , but demand for meat has doubled .
Not surprisingly , farmers are switching , too : they now feed about 200 m - 250 m more tonnes of grain to their animals than they did 20 years ago .
That increase alone accounts for a significant share of the world 's total cereals crop .
Calorie for calorie , you need more grain if you eat it transformed into meat than if you eat it as bread : it takes three kilograms of cereals to produce a kilo of pork , eight for a kilo of beef .
So a shift in diet is multiplied many times over in the grain markets .
Since the late 1980s an inexorable annual increase of 1 - 2 % in the demand for feedgrains has ratcheted up the overall demand for cereals and pushed up prices .
Because this change in diet has been slow and incremental , it cannot explain the dramatic price movements of the past year .
The second change can : the rampant demand for ethanol as fuel for American cars .
In 2000 around 15 m tonnes of America 's maize crop was turned into ethanol ; this year the quantity is likely to be around 85 m tonnes .
America is easily the world 's largest maize exporter — and it now uses more of its maize crop for ethanol than it sells abroad .
Ethanol is the dominant reason for this year 's increase in grain prices .
It accounts for the rise in the price of maize because the federal government has in practice waded into the market to mop up about one - third of America 's corn harvest .
A big expansion of the ethanol programme in 2005 explains why maize prices started rising in the first place .
Ethanol accounts for some of the rise in the prices of other crops and foods too .
Partly this is because maize is fed to animals , which are now more expensive to rear .
Partly it is because America 's farmers , eager to take advantage of the biofuels bonanza , went all out to produce maize this year , planting it on land previously devoted to wheat and soyabeans .
This year America 's maize harvest will be a jaw - dropping 335 m tonnes , beating last year 's by more than a quarter .
The increase has been achieved partly at the expense of other food crops .
This year the overall decline in stockpiles of all cereals will be about 53 m tonnes — a very rough indication of by how much demand is outstripping supply .
The increase in the amount of American maize going just to ethanol is about 30 m tonnes .
In other words , the demands of America 's ethanol programme alone account for over half the world 's unmet need for cereals .
Without that programme , food prices would not be rising anything like as quickly as they have been .
According to the World Bank , the grain needed to fill up an SUV would feed a person for a year .
America 's ethanol programme is a product of government subsidies .
There are more than 200 different kinds , as well as a 54 cents - a - gallon tariff on imported ethanol .
That keeps out greener Brazilian ethanol , which is made from sugar rather than maize .
Federal subsidies alone cost $ 7 billion a year ( equal to around $ 1.90 a gallon ) .
In theory , what governments mandate , they can also scrap .
But that seems unlikely with oil at the sort of price that makes them especially eager to promote alternative fuels .
Subsidies might be trimmed , of course , reducing demand occasionally ; this is happening a bit now .
And eventually , new technologies to convert biomass to liquid fuel will replace ethanol — but that will take time .
For the moment , support for the ethanol programme seems secure .
Hillary Clinton and John McCain used to be against ethanol subsidies , but have changed their minds .
Russia and Venezuela are not the only countries that like to meddle in food markets for political reasons .
So demand for grain will probably remain high for a while .
Demand , though , is only one side of the equation .
Supply forms the other .
If there is a run of bumper harvests , prices will fall back ; if not , they will stay high .
Harvests can rise only if new land is brought into cultivation or yields go up .
This can happen fairly quickly .
The world 's cereal farmers responded enthusiastically to price signals by planting more high - value crops .
And so messed - up is much of the rich world 's farming systems that farmers in the West have often been paid not to grow crops — something that can easily be reversed , as happened this year when the European Union suspended the “ set aside ” part of its common agricultural policy .
Still , there are limits to how much harvests can be expanded in the short term .
In general , says a new report by the International Food Policy Research Institute ( IFPRI ) , which is financed by governments and development banks , the response tends to be sticky : a 10 % rise in prices yields a 1 - 2 % increase in supply .
In the longer run , plenty of new farmland could be ploughed up and many technological gains could be had .
But much of the new land is in remote parts of Brazil , Russia , Kazakhstan , the Congo and Sudan : it would require big investments in roads and other infrastructure , which could take decades — and would often lead to the clearing of precious forest .
Big gains could be had if genetically modified foods were brought into production or if new seed varieties were planted in Africa .
But again , that will take time .
Moreover , GM foods will not live up to their promise unless they shed the popular suspicion that dogs them , especially in Europe .
And some of the new land — dry , marginal areas of Africa , Brazil and Kazakhstan — could be vulnerable to damage from global warming .
By some measures , global warming could cut world farm output by as much as one - sixth by 2020 .
No less worryingly , high oil prices would depress the use of oil - based fertilisers , which have been behind much of the increase in farm production during the past half - century .
It is risky to predict long - run trends in farming — technology in particular always turns out unexpectedly — but most forecasters conclude from these conflicting currents that prices will stay high for as much as a decade .
Because supplies will not match increases in demand , IFPRI believes , cereal prices will rise by between 10 % and 20 % by 2015 .
The UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation 's forecast for 2016 - 17 is slightly higher .
Whatever the exact amount , this year 's agflation seems unlikely to be , as past rises have been , simply the upward side of a spike .
If prices do not fall back , this will mark a break with the past .
For decades , prices of cereals and other foods have been in decline , both in the shops and on world markets .
The IMF 's index of food prices in 2005 was slightly lower than it had been in 1974 , which means that in real terms food prices fell during those 30 years by three - quarters ( see chart 2 ) .
In the 1960s food ( including meals out ) accounted for one - quarter of the average American 's spending ; by 2005 the share was less than one - seventh .
In other words , were food prices to stay more or less where they are today , it would be a radical departure from a past in which shoppers and farmers got used to a gentle decline in food prices year in , year out .
It would put an end to the era of cheap food .
And its effects would be felt everywhere , but especially in countries where food matters most : poor ones .
A blessing and a curse
If you took your cue from governments , you would conclude that dearer food was unequivocally a bad thing .
About a score of countries have imposed food - price controls of some sort .
Argentina , Morocco , Egypt , Mexico and China have put restraints on domestic prices .
A dozen countries , including India , Vietnam , Serbia and Ukraine , have imposed export taxes or limited exports .
Argentina and Russia have done both .
In all these places governments are seeking to shelter their people from food - price rises by price controls .
But dearer food is not a pure curse : it produces winners as well as losers .
Obviously , farmers benefit — if governments allow them to keep the gains .
In America , the world 's biggest agricultural exporter , net farm income this year will be $ 87 billion , 50 % more than the average of the past ten years .
The prairie farmers of the Midwest are looking forward to their Caribbean cruises .
Other beneficiaries are in poor countries .
Food exporters such as India , South Africa and Swaziland will gain from increased export earnings .
Countries such as Malawi and Zimbabwe , which used to export food but no longer do so , also stand to gain if they can boost their harvests .
Given that commodity prices have been falling for so long in real terms , this would be an enormous relief to places that have suffered from a relentless decline in their terms of trade .
In emerging markets an income gap has opened up between cities and countryside over the past few years .
As countries have diversified away from agriculture into industry and services , urban wages have outstripped rural ones .
Income inequality is conventionally measured using a scale running from zero to one called the Gini coefficient .
A score of 0.5 is the mark of a highly unequal society .
The Asian Development Bank reckons that China 's Gini coefficient rose from 0.41 in 1993 to 0.47 in 2004 .
If farm incomes in poor countries are pushed up by higher food prices , that could mitigate the growing gap between city and countryside .
But will it ?
Guess who loses
According to the World Bank , 3 billion people live in rural areas in developing countries , of whom 2.5 billion are involved in farming .
That 3 billion includes three - quarters of the world 's poorest people .
So in principle the poor overall should gain from higher farm incomes .
In practice many will not .
There are large numbers of people who lose more from higher food bills than they gain from higher farm incomes .
Exactly how many varies widely from place to place .
Among the losers from higher food prices are big importers .
Japan , Mexico and Saudi Arabia will have to spend more to buy their food .
Perhaps they can afford it .
More worryingly , some of the poorest places in Asia ( Bangladesh and Nepal ) and Africa ( Benin and Niger ) also face higher food bills .
Developing countries as a whole will spend over $ 50 billion importing cereals this year , 10 % more than last .
Rising prices will also hurt the most vulnerable of all .
The World Food Programme , the main provider of emergency food aid , says the cost of its operations has increased by more than half in the past five years and will rise by another third in the next two .
Food - aid flows have fallen to their lowest level since 1973 .
In every country , the least well - off consumers are hardest hit when food prices rise .
This is true in rich and poor countries alike but the scale in the latter is altogether different .
As Gary Becker , a Nobel economics laureate at the University of Chicago , points out , if food prices rise by one - third , they will reduce living standards in rich countries by about 3 % , but in very poor ones by over 20 % .
Not all consumers in poor countries are equally vulnerable .
The food of the poor in the Andes , for example , is potatoes ; in Ethiopia , teff : neither is traded much across borders , so producers and consumers are less affected by rising world prices .
As the World Bank 's annual World Development Report shows , the number of urban consumers varies from over half the total number of poor in Bolivia , to about a quarter in Zambia and Ethiopia , to less than a tenth in Vietnam and Cambodia .
But overall , enormous numbers of the poor — both urban and landless labourers — are net buyers of food , not net sellers .
They have already been hard hit : witness the riots that took place in Mexico over tortilla prices earlier this year .
According to IFPRI , the expansion of ethanol and other biofuels could reduce calorie intake by another 4 - 8 % in Africa and 2 - 5 % in Asia by 2020 .
For some countries , such as Afghanistan and Nigeria , which are only just above subsistence levels , such a fall in living standards could be catastrophic .
So it is no good saying “ let them eat cake ” : there are strong welfare arguments for helping those who stand to lose .
But the way you do it matters .
In general , it is better to subsidise poor peoples ' incomes , rather than food prices : this distorts price signals the least and allows farmers to benefit from higher prices .
Where it is not possible to subsidise incomes ( because to do so requires a decent civil service ) , it is still possible to minimise the unintended consequences if food subsidies are targeted and temporary .
Morocco fixed bread prices ( the food of the poor ) during Ramadan , the Muslim month of fasting ; at the same time , it cut tariffs on food imports to increase competition .
AP
In contrast , Russia shows how not to do it .
It imposed across - the - board price controls on milk , eggs , bread and other staples , benefiting everyone whether they needed help or not .
Food is disappearing from shelves and farmers are bearing the brunt .
As Don Mitchell of the World Bank points out , “ if you want to help consumers , you can do it without destroying your producers but only if you go about it in the right way . ”
In reality , many of the recent price controls are blatant politicking .
About half the countries that imposed price controls did so before elections or other big political events .
Russia 's are due to run out just after next year 's presidential election .
Funny , that .
There is one last important knock - on effect of agflation .
It is likely to help shift the balance of power in the world economy further towards emerging markets .
Higher food prices have increased inflation around the world , but by different amounts in different countries .
In Europe and America food accounts for only about one - tenth of the consumer - price index , so even though food prices in rich countries are rising by around 5 % a year , it has not made a big difference .
There have been clucks of concern from the European Central Bank and a consumer boycott of pasta in Italy , but that is about all .
In poor countries , in contrast , food accounts for half or more of the consumer - price index ( over two - thirds in Bangladesh and Nigeria ) .
Here , higher food prices have had a much bigger impact .
Inflation in food prices in emerging markets nearly doubled in the past year , to 11 % ; meat and egg prices in China have gone up by almost 50 % ( although that is partly because pork prices have been pushed up by a disease in pigs ) .
This has dragged up headline inflation in emerging markets from around 6 % in 2006 to over 8 % now .
In many countries , inflation is at its highest for a decade .
Central bankers are determined to ensure that what could be a one - off shift in food prices does not create continuing inflation by pushing up wages or creating expectations of higher prices .
So they are tightening monetary policy .
China increased interest rates in August , Chile in July , Mexico in May .
The striking thing about these rises is that they are the opposite of what has been happening in some rich countries .
The Federal Reserve reduced rates by 50 basis points in September and 25 points in October ; the Bank of Canada cut rates this week .
The indirect effect of food - price rises has therefore been to widen the interest - rate differential between rich and emerging markets .
And all this is going on as the economic balance of power is shifting .
Growth in America and Europe is slowing ; China and India are going great guns .
Financial confidence in the West has been shaken by the subprime - mortgage crisis ; capital flows into emerging markets are setting records .
This shift will be tricky to handle .
Such transitions always are .
The risk is of a bubble in emerging markets .
As Simon Johnson , the IMF 'S director of research , wryly notes , “ every bubble starts with a change in the real economy . ”
Food markets are an obvious place to start .
How emerging countries fare — and how poor consumers cope — depends on their economic policies .
The imposition of food - price controls was not exactly a good start .
Sounds like a damning new book by the former Bush press secretary :
“ The most powerful leader in the world had called upon me to speak on his behalf and help restore credibility he lost amid the failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , ” writes McClellan .
“ So I stood at the White house briefing room podium in front of the glare of the klieg lights for the better part of two weeks and publicly exonerated two of the senior - most aides in the White House : Karl Rove and Scooter Libby . ”
But his press performances were n’t based on the facts , McClellan continues .
“ There was one problem .
It was not true , ” he writes .
“ I had unknowingly passed along false information .
And five of the highest ranking officials in the administration were involved in my doing so : Rove , Libby , the vice President , the President ’s chief of staff , and the president himself . ”
Seven months after an airman was burned in a test of the nonlethal heat beam , the Air Force has released a heavily redacted version of the mishap report ( available in PDF here ) that reveals few details about what happened .
The military has bent over backwards to demonstrate to the public that the Active Denial System ( ADS ) , a millimeter wave directed energy weapon that heats up the top layer of skin , is a well - tested nonlethal weapon , and not a scary microwave weapon with unknown health effects .
For example , last month , they staged demonstrations of ADS for reporters at Quantico .
That 's why the Air Force Safety Center 's decision to sanitize the report is a big setback .
Full of dark black lines , redacted pages , and white space through anything that would actually provide any substance on what happened was described , the best I can get out of the report is that the mishap was a combination of technical problems with the system possibly compounded with operator error ( but it 's not clear from the redacted version ) .
Here 's a snippet :
The only other interesting detail : the injury cost the military $ 17,748.00 .
ALSO :
* Heat Beam Targets " Angry Mob "
* 2008 : Year of the Pain Ray ?
* I Was a Pain Ray Guinea Pig
* Pain Ray Zaps Through Windows , Fries Sailors
* Pain Ray 2.0 : People - Zapper on the Move
* Pain Ray 2.0 : Heat vs. Heat Gun
* Pain Ray Heading for L.A. Streets ?
* New Active Denial System = Next iPod ?
* No Pain Ray for Iraq
* Pain Ray Injures Airman
* Video : Pain Ray Fries Reporter
* New Robo- Weapon : Paralyzing Floodlight
* Marines Wants Pain Ray , ASAP
The church 's pickets of military funerals have outraged Americans
The Westboro Baptist Church was taken to court by the father of Lance Cpl Matthew Snyder , a marine who died serving in Iraq in March 2006 .
The church cited its constitutional right to free speech in its defence .
But Albert Snyder 's lawyer urged the jury to ensure the damages were high enough to stop the church campaigning .
Members of the church - based in Topeka , Kansas - have denounced homosexuality for years , initially targeting the funerals of Aids victims .
But they later extended their pickets to the funerals of soldiers , who they say are being punished by God because of America 's tolerance of homosexuality .
Do not bring your circus of hate to Maryland again
Craig Trebilcock
Attorney for Albert Snyder
Louis Theroux on the most hated family in US
Last year they caused outrage when they attended the funeral of Matthew Snyder with signs reading " Thank God for dead soldiers " and " You 're going to hell " .
On Wednesday , the jury ordered the church and three of its leaders to pay $ 2.9 m in compensatory damages , and an additional $ 8 m for invasion of privacy and for causing emotional distress .
Albert Snyder 's attorney , Craig Trebilcock , had urged jurors to agree an amount " that says ' Do n't do this ' in Maryland again .
Do not bring your circus of hate to Maryland again " .
Defence attorney Jonathan Katz 's argument that the $ 2.9 m in compensatory damages already far exceeded the defendants ' net worth and would be enough to " bankrupt them and financially destroy them " was ignored .
The church , which is unaffiliated with any major denomination , is headed by Fred Phelps .
Most of its 70 - odd members belong to his extended family .
Appeal
Albert Snyder sobbed when he heard the verdict .
" I hope it 's enough to deter them from doing this to other families .
It was not about the money .
It was about getting them to stop , " he said , according to Reuters news agency .
Members of the church , however , reportedly greeted the verdict with tight - lipped smiles .
" It will take the 4th Circuit of Appeals a few minutes to reverse this silly thing , " said Rev Phelps .
Daughter Shirley Phelps - Roper - co-defendant along with another daughter , Rebecca Phelps - Davis - called the verdict a blow against free speech and vowed to continue picketing military funerals .
Click to viewWe just got some hangtime with Art. Lebedev 's non-vaporous Optimus keyboard at the Wired Store in SoHo , NYC , and it is as shiny , pretty and luxuriously pointless as billed .
Enjoy the video , then check out our impressions and a gallery :
Advertisement
As you may know , each key is a mini OLED screen , one that can display any character you want ( and even the icon of our worthy competitor ) .
As such keys are slightly oversized , but placed together almost too closely , so that typing might get tricky .
Advertisement
Benny our NYC editorial assistant says the effect is subtle : it does n't look pixelated from an appropriate distance .
That said , they do n't look like regular keys on a keyboard either , especially when a single key is showing an entire multicolored picture .
Benny prefers the picture keys to the letter keys because they letters on black are almost too striking ( though that surely can be fixed with a decrease in brightness ) .
We were all disappointed that there were no animated keys .
I mean , if you 're gonna put tiny screens on every key , why can't I watch a bunch of teeny tiny movies ?
Richard , our video pimp , says it feels big like it was " made for seniors " but admits his own zeal at having touched it : " I want one " is his final verdict .
Wait till we tell him it costs $ 1,564 .
– Video by Richard Blakeley ; photos by Nick McGlynn [ Optimus Project ]
Optimus Keyboard Gets Priced : $ 1564
We already knew that we were going to be forking out about $ 1500 for the Optimus uber - keyboard , but Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
When dealing seriously with error handling , an important technique is to be able to manipulate exceptions in ways other than simply throwing and catching them .
One of these is to re-throw exceptions .
The simplest way to do this is if you need to perform a little work after the catch , but then immediately re-throw .
This can be done with a simple raise statement :
try :
do_something_dangerous ()
except :
do_something_to_apologize ()
raise
Here the raise statement means , “ throw the exception last caught ” .
This is a simple case , and I probably did n’t need to remind you of it .
But a more sophisticated technique is to catch an exception in one place , and raise it again in another .
For example , you may have a worker thread pre-fetching data from slow storage , and then on the main thread , the consumer of the data either gets the data or sees the exception that prevented him from getting the data .
Here ’s the simple implementation :
1 class Delayed Result :
2 def __init__ ( self ) :
3 self .
e = None
4 self .
result = None
5
6 def do_work ( self ) :
7 try :
8 self .
result = self . do_something_dangerous ()
9 except Exception , e :
10 self .
e = e
11
12 def do_something_dangerous ( self ) :
13 raise Exception ( " Boo ! " )
14
15 def get_result ( self ) :
16 if self .
e :
17 raise self .
e
18 return self .
result
19
20 dr = Delayed Result ()
21 dr . do_work ()
22 dr . get_result ()
We store an exception in the object , and when retrieving the result , if there ’s an exception , we raise it .
It works :
$ python delayed .
py
Traceback ( most recent call last ) :
File " C:\lab\delayed.py " , line 22 , in ?
dr.get_result ( )
File " C:\lab\delayed.py " , line 17 , in get_result
raise self .
e
Exception : Boo !
The only problem is , the traceback for the exception shows the problem starting in get_result .
When debugging problems , it ’s enormously helpful to know their real origin .
To solve that problem , we ’ll store more than the exception , we ’ll also store the traceback at the time of the original problem , and in get_results , we ’ll use the full three - argument form of the raise statement to use the original traceback :
1 class Delayed Result :
2 def __init__ ( self ) :
3 self .
exc_info = None
4 self .
result = None
5
6 def do_work ( self ) :
7 try :
8 self .
result = self .
do_something_dangerous ()
9 except Exception , e :
10 import sys
11 self .
exc_info = sys . exc_info ()
12
13 def do_something_dangerous ( self ) :
14 raise Exception ( " Boo ! " )
15
16 def get_result ( self ) :
17 if self .
exc_info :
18 raise self .
exc_info [ 1 ] , None , self .
exc_info [ 2 ]
19 return self .
result
20
21 dr = Delayed Result ()
22 dr . do_work ()
23 dr . get_result ()
Now when we run it , the traceback points to do_something _dangerous , called from do_work , as the real culprit :
$ python delayed .
py
Traceback ( most recent call last ) :
File " C:\lab\delayed.py " , line 23 , in ?
dr . get_result ()
File " C:\lab\delayed.py " , line 8 , in do_work
self .
result = self .
do_something_dangerous ()
File " C:\lab\delayed.py " , line 14 , in do_something_dangerous
raise Exception ( " Boo ! " )
Exception : Boo !
The three - argument raise statement is a little odd , owing to its heritage from the old days of Python when exceptions could be things other than instances of subclasses of Exception .
This accounts for the odd tuple - dance we do on the saved exc_info .
It ’s easy to write code that does the right thing when everything is going well .
It ’s much harder to write code that does a good job when things go wrong .
Properly manipulating exceptions helps .
After the rambling that took place in August , against ProBlogger.net , David invited me once again to criticize the design of another popular blog : JohnCow.com .
I have to say that my first reaction when he gave me the link was “ do n’t you mean JohnChow.com ? ” , but after clicking on the link , and comparing it with the site that inspired it , I found it surprising that it is actually nicer to look at than the original .
I do n’t mean to say that John Chow ’s website has a bad design , but I think it has a very exaggerated amount of advertisement .
Then again , he did n’t become a dotcom mogul by sparing on the ads .
After the initial sympathy I had for John Cow ’s website , I quickly realized that it had it ’s own flaws , and after the beautiful header loses it ’s grace , what ’s left underneath it leaves much room for improvement .
The “ Pretending ” Tabbed Container
First of all , the first thing that strikes the user , after looking the banner , is the list of orange buttons that feel completely detached from the rest of the design .
They do not fail to look like buttons , so after clicking them the rectangle underneath them changes .
The height of the content area also changes , so that made me wonder how it would look like if JavaScript was disabled .
The result was n’t pretty …
The content you see underneath the rectangles is the content that appears individually on all of the options you can choose .
And , obviously , the rectangles do n’t work .
Some might say “ every browser has JavaScript ” , and that is almost true .
But whenever good web designers make a website , they usually have some concerns regarding the site ’s graceful degradation , or in other words , how the site will look like if it the browser is outdated .
In terms of usability , that whole area would much easier to understand if it was design as a tabbed container .
Even though they do n’t look like tabs , they act like them , so common sense would say that they should indeed be tabs .
Also , the selected “ tab ” button should have a different look from the other buttons .
As it is right now , you do n’t know which tab is active unless you click on it and see that it does n’t do anything .
The Subscribe Options
Moving a little to the right we find yet another section of the website that feels out of place due to the awkward colors chosen for it ’s elements .
Starting from the top we have the green - outlined and blue - backgrounded search box can missed very easily unless you ’re paying attention to it .
The site ’s background ( in the container ) is green , so I think that common sense would say that we would n’t use green as the border of an element we ’re trying to make evident .
Then we have a black white and yellow / orange RSS icon , followed by a dark gray Feedburner button , next to a green and orange box .
There ’s nothing wrong with those elements separately , but since they ’re placed so close together they should have all shared similar , or contrasting colors .
As it stands , this is probably the “ messiest ” part of the site , in terms of colors .
The newsletter field also has a few mistakes .
For example , the input field does n’t look like an input field .
This site seems to have something against making visual elements appears as they should .
When you click on the input field which has the words “ Enter email here ” , that text does n’t go away .
If I had to put my money on which of the two elements , the text field or the submit button , was the submit field , if it did n’t have any words in it .
I ’d certainly say the button was the text field .
It has most of the visual elements that we ’d expect from a text field : a very light background , a light border and even a slight indentation .
Sidebar Links
Moving down , and past the six ads , of which I do n’t really have anything to comment upon , we have a few lists of links , and those have two problems .
First , they have the same color as the color of the text in the articles .
Secondly , the font size is bigger than the text in the articles .
Once again , this breaks the consistency behind the whole design .
The Articles
In the articles , we find another coherence , and usability , flaw .
The title of the articles has a different font that is found nowhere else on the site .
I did n’t check this , but from a quick look at the top part of the page , I can see three different font faces , which once again ( say it with me people ) breaks the site ’s consistency .
The article ’s text has a justified alignment , which does in making the content feel very organized .
But for a content driven website , article texts should never have a justified alignment because it makes reading the articles very tiresome because your eyes have to adapt to the space between each word on every different line .
The Header and Conclusion
Thankfully , the critiques end here with the header , and that ends up being one of the most pleasant parts of the site .
Personally , I find it a damn shame to see a design that starts off so well at the top turn into a mess during the middle .
The header of a website is , for most modern designs , the most important design element , which will define whether the content is of a high quality or not , and JohnCow .
com ’s is great .
If you want to do a bit of homework , you can visit John Chow ’s own website and look at how he implemented a similar type of content , with even more advertisements , without breaking the site ’s consistency .
Girl walk­ing through cam­pus : I ca n’t be­lieve you , I ’m sit­ting in my liv­ing room in noth­ing but a tow­el , with mas­cara stream­ing down my face and you do n’t even care !
George Ma­son Uni­ver­si­ty
Fair­fax , Vir­ginia
Over­heard by : You sit on a throne of lies
JOSEPH NICHOLS did not fight the guards at his execution , but he did not co-operate , either .
He had to be lifted onto the trolley on which he was to die , and then strapped down .
A needle was thrust into his arm .
Asked if he had any last words , he said , “ Yes , yes I do , ” and then swore at a guard .
There followed a gurgling sound as his lungs collapsed and , for about a minute , an animal - like noise issued from the back of his throat .
After that came silence , broken only by a few people in the room clearing their throats .
Then a doctor pulled out his stethoscope and pronounced the condemned man dead .
The execution had taken six minutes .
Mr Nichols was one of 22 people put to death in Texas this year ( as this was written , two more were scheduled to die ) .
His story was fairly typical .
He had been convicted for the murder of a delicatessen clerk during a robbery in 1980 .
It had not been much of a heist ; he said his accomplice “ got some change ” but he got nothing .
The victim was killed by a single bullet .
It was unclear which of the two men had fired it , but under Texan law it made no difference , since both admitted to shooting at him .
Mr Nichols was 20 when he arrived on death row and 45 when he died .
His accomplice was executed in 1995 .
Capital punishment is hardly controversial in Texas .
Nearly three - quarters of Texans approve of it .
In June the governor signed a law that would make some people who rape children eligible for it .
But Texas is special .
It now accounts for nearly half of all executions in America , of which there have been over 1,000 since 1976 .
During the six years in which George Bush was governor , the state put 152 people to death .
No other governor in America 's recent history except his successor , Rick Perry , has overseen so many executions .
Elsewhere , the death penalty is increasingly controversial .
The questions of whether and how to impose it are primarily for the states , not the federal government , but Mr Bush 's attorney - general , Alberto Gonzales , who resigned this week , tried to have more Americans executed .
He failed , and any successor who wants to arrest the abolitionist trend is likely also to be frustrated .
Since 2000 , 12 out of 50 states have suspended the death penalty .
Three of those ( Tennessee , Florida and Missouri ) have this year reversed that suspension and one ( New Jersey ) has moved towards formal abolition .
Unlike most Texans , the people of New Jersey have strong doubts about the death penalty .
Most would prefer to see murderers locked up for ever .
Their representatives are listening : no one has been executed in New Jersey since the 1960s .
A state Senate committee has approved a bill to end capital punishment formally ; the full legislature is expected to pass it later this year .
“ If New Jersey holds another execution , I 'll eat the body , ” vows Michael Radelet of the University of Colorado .
For a few years in the 1970s , America joined most other rich countries in revoking the death penalty .
This was not done by passing a law .
Rather , the Supreme Court decided , in 1972 , that capital punishment was unconstitutional , since it broke the ban on “ cruel and unusual ” punishment .
In 1976 a slightly different set of justices reversed the court 's ruling and handed the issue back to the states .
Since then , the states have gone their own ways ( see map ) .
Twelve have no death penalty on their statute books .
Of the 38 that do , some apply it often , some never .
Texas has executed 401 people since 1976 , the entire north - eastern region only four .
By and large , the way the penalty is applied mirrors local preferences .
Asked by pollsters whether they think murderers should be put to death , two - thirds of Americans say yes , down from four - fifths in 1994 .
If asked to choose between the death penalty and a life sentence with no chance of parole , however , they are evenly divided .
Life that means life is relatively new .
Before the 1990s , juries used to worry that if they did not send the man in the dock to his death , he would be freed to kill again after a decade or two .
Now nearly every state allows the option of life without parole ( Texas introduced it only in 2005 ) .
For the first time last year , a Gallup poll reported that a slim plurality of Americans found this option preferable to a capital sentence ( 48 - 47 % ) .
Campaigners against the death penalty have been making their case state by state , with little fanfare but some success .
The number of executions has fallen by 46 % from its modern peak in 1999 , to 53 last year ( see chart 1 ) .
Two - thirds of states executed no one last year , and only six carried out multiple executions .
The number of death sentences has fallen even more sharply , by 60 % from a peak of about 300 a year in the mid-1990s .
The arguments for and against capital punishment have evolved .
Thirty years ago , says Mr Radelet , Americans supported the death penalty for three main reasons : deterrence , religious conviction ( an eye for an eye ) and taxes ( the idea of spending public money to feed and clothe murderers for the rest of their lives seemed outrageous ) .
This last argument no longer applies .
It is now far more expensive to execute someone than to jail him for life ; in North Carolina , for instance , each capital case costs $ 2 m more .
Ordinary inmates need only to be fed and guarded .
Those on death row must have lawyers arguing expensively about their fate , sometimes for a decade or more ( see chart 2 ) .
The system of appeals has grown more protracted because of fears that innocent people may be executed .
Few would argue that such safeguards are not needed , but their steep cost gives abolitionists a new line of attack .
Martin O'Malley , the governor of Maryland , says that , but for the death penalty , his state would have been $ 22.4 m richer since 1978 .
That money would have paid for 500 extra policemen for a year , or provided drug treatment for 10,000 addicts .
“ Unlike the death penalty , these are investments that save lives and prevent violent crime , ” he told the state legislature in February , in a speech urging it to repeal capital punishment in Maryland .
He failed by the narrowest of margins : a state Senate committee was deadlocked by five votes to five , preventing the bill from advancing .
A similar attempt got further in Colorado , where Paul Weissman , a state representative , proposed that the money saved by abolishing the death penalty should be spent on a “ cold cases ” unit to investigate unsolved murders .
His bill made it through a committee , but was gutted .
Abolitionists have had more luck , at least temporarily , by arguing that lethal injection , the form of execution most widely adopted , is excruciatingly painful .
The cocktail used generally contains sodium thiopental ( to anaesthetise the condemned man ) , pancuronium bromide ( to paralyse his muscles ) and potassium chloride ( to stop his heart ) .
Some studies suggest that prisoners are sometimes inadequately sedated , and perhaps die in silent agony from asphyxiation .
Since last year , ten states have halted executions because of fears that lethal injection may be cruel , and therefore unconstitutional .
In Florida , for example , Governor Jeb Bush ( the president 's brother ) suspended executions after a fiasco last December in which the executioner missed a vein and pumped the drugs into muscle .
The condemned man took 34 minutes to die , during which he grimaced and writhed , suggesting acute agony .
The problem can , however , be fixed .
In Florida a committee has recommended 37 ways to make lethal injection more “ humane ” .
This has satisfied Mr Bush 's successor , Charlie Crist , who has now started signing death warrants .
The governor of Tennessee , having stopped all executions in February , also let them resume in May .
For many , the death penalty holds a deep emotional appeal .
It is “ an expression of society 's ultimate outrage ” , says Bob Grant , a former prosecutor and now a professor at the University of Denver , Colorado .
Some acts , he argues , are so heinous that no other punishment is appropriate .
One example he cites is the case of Gary Davis , the only man executed in Colorado since the 1960s .
Mr Davis kidnapped , tortured , sexually assaulted and murdered a young mother in 1986 .
His guilt was not in doubt .
Mr Grant prosecuted him and watched him put to death .
Mr Grant says his views on the death penalty have nothing to do with religion , but many who agree with him do so for religious reasons .
A prosecutor in Texas cites Genesis 9:6 : “ Whoso sheddeth man 's blood , by man shall his blood be shed . ”
This , he says , is “ pretty compelling ” .
Opponents of capital punishment tend to respond by saying that juries , being human , err .
If you find you have jailed the wrong man , you can free and compensate him .
If you have executed him , however , it is too late .
Jurors increasingly balk at imposing the death penalty , even when they are convinced of a defendant 's guilt .
Governors , who must review every capital conviction , are also becoming hesitant .
In 2000 , for example , after journalism students dug up evidence that a man about to be executed was innocent , Illinois 's governor , George Ryan , commuted all death sentences in the state and imposed a moratorium that still stands , despite challenges .
Since 1973 , 124 Americans have been released from death row because of doubts about their guilt ; and of the 7,662 sentenced to death between 1973 and 2005 , 2,190 had their sentence or conviction overturned .
But in no case has it been legally proven — for example , with DNA evidence — that an innocent person has been executed .
Mr Grant says it simply does not happen .
“ The fact that some people are released from death row is proof that the safeguards work , ” he says .
Abolitionists suspect he is wrong .
The Death Penalty Information Centre , a lobby group , lists eight executed men for whom there is “ strong evidence of innocence ” .
Ruben Cantu , for example , was put to death in 1993 for murder during a robbery .
He was convicted because Juan Moreno , a second victim he allegedly shot nine times but failed to kill , identified him at the trial .
But Mr Moreno now says his identification was made under pressure from the police , and was wrong .
The prosecutor accepts that the man he sent to his death “ may well have been innocent ” ( though an investigation in Texas in June rejected this ) .
Deterrence works — or does it ?
Although DNA testing has yet to show that an innocent American has been executed , it has proved beyond question that miscarriages of justice occur .
Widely reported exonerations have alerted the public to the uncomfortable fact that juries are sometimes biased , that the police sometimes lie and that snitches often do .
But what if executions save lives by deterring potential murderers ?
That would “ greatly unsettle moral objections to the death penalty ” , argue Cass Sunstein and Adrian Vermeule , two law professors .
Abolitionists say there is no proof that capital punishment deters .
Death - penalty enthusiasts say several studies suggest it does .
A crude way of trying to settle which camp is correct is to compare murder rates in jurisdictions with and without capital punishment .
This offers no support for the notion of deterrence .
In 2005 there were 46 % more murders per head in states with the death penalty than in those without it , and that gap has widened since 1990 .
The murder rate in the United States as a whole , moreover , is far higher than in western Europe , where capital punishment is a thing of the past .
Yet many other factors influence murder rates — unemployment , the probability of getting caught , the availability of guns , the proportion of young men in the population and so on .
More sophisticated studies attempt to control for such factors .
Joanna Shepherd , of Emory School of Law in Atlanta , for example , looked at monthly data for executions and murders between 1977 and 1999 and controlled for age , sex , race and labour - market conditions .
She found that each execution deterred on average three murders , and that swift executions deterred even more .
Other researchers at Emory found that each execution deterred a startling 18 murders .
In another study Naci Mocan of the University of Colorado and Kaj Gittings of Cornell University found that each execution deterred five murders , and that each time a death sentence was commuted , five more murders were committed .
The trouble with all these studies is that they draw firm conclusions from sparse data .
America has executed on average fewer than 40 people a year since 1976 .
Even if each execution had a strong deterrent effect , it would be hard to detect against the background of a murder toll that has fluctuated from 24,703 in 1991 to 15,522 in 1999 , before rising again to 16,692 in 2005 .
Researchers ' calculations are further distorted by the fact that one state dominates the data .
“ Any regression study will be primarily a comparison of Texas with everywhere else , ” writes Ted Goertzel in Skeptical Enquirer magazine .
The chance of being executed in America is so remote that it cannot plausibly be a significant deterrent , argues Steven Levitt , of the University of Chicago .
Even if you are on death row — a fate over 99 % of murderers escape — the chance of being put to death in any given year is only about 2 % .
Members of a crack gang studied by one of Mr Levitt 's colleagues had a 7 % - a - year chance of being murdered .
For them , death row would be safer than the street .
There are other arguments against the death penalty .
Some opponents complain of a racial bias in its application .
This is disputed .
Mr Radelet thinks the race of the perpetrator makes little difference , but juries respond more vengefully when the victim is white .
In a study of murders in California , he found that those who killed non-Hispanic whites were twice as likely to be sentenced to death as those with darker victims .
AP
Not all Texans back Texecutions
Capital punishment is not about to end in America .
But , as voters lose their appetite for it , states will use it less or even give it up completely .
How closely America follows the global trend towards abolition will depend less on academic arguments than on emotional ones .
After Joseph Nichols 's execution , the victim 's family said they were glad that justice had been done , but angry that it had taken nearly 30 years .
Colleen Shaffer , the victim 's daughter - in - law and a social worker by training , said that at the time of the murder she had thought the death penalty “ maybe was n't such a good idea ” .
Now she is a strong supporter .
In Boulder , Colorado , Howard Morton tells a different story .
His son
Guy disappeared while hitch - hiking in the Arizona desert in 1975 , when he was 18 .
For more than a decade Mr Morton continued to search for his son .
Then , in 1987 , a retired deputy sheriff read about Guy in a newspaper , and recalled finding a skeleton in the desert in the year he had disappeared .
The medical examiner had mislabelled it as belonging to a Hispanic woman , but dental records proved it was Guy .
He had been found with a broken knife blade in his chest .
The murderer was never caught .
Mr Morton discovered that over 30 % of murders in America are unsolved , like his son's .
He found out , too , that the states spend millions of dollars putting a handful of murderers to death while detection is under - financed and thousands of murderers walk free .
He became an ardent abolitionist .
Anyone close to a murder victim “ wants the son of a bitch who did it to die , ” he says .
“ But you 've got to catch the son of a bitch .
That 's more important . ”
3 DV Systems has developed the ZCam .
The camera is a low cost 3D PC camera that promises to revolutionize gaming and consumer electronics interfaces .
It senses depth in real - time and has the capability of fine - gesture recognition .
It is designed for use in gaming interfaces and consumer electronics .
The ZCam is the latest innovation by 3DV Systems of Israel .
3DV Systems is dedicated to revolutionize the three - dimensional video imaging industry .
It is recognized as a world leader in proprietary technology which enables cameras to capture the depth dimension of objects in real - time with high speed and high resolution .
The ZCam is a low cost 3D PC camera designed for next generation consumer electronic products .
According to 3DV Systems , the release of the ZCam will initially target the PC and video game industry .
However , the technology is applicable to robotics , automotive and other consumer electronics .
The company says the ZCam is the first camera to allow users to become totally immersed in the interactive experience .
According to 3DV Systems CEO , Zvika Klier , " ZCam allows gamers to interact intuitively and naturally wuth games . "
In addition , Klier invites all content developers to join their efforts to create an innovative experience .
How It Works :
The ZCam has real - time depth imaging that runs at 60 frames per second .
This feature eliminates any perceived latency in the images .
It operates in a low CPU consumption level .
This eliminates operating systems being drained of processing power .
The ZCam operates independent of room lighting and therefore can run in day light or night time light .
The company warrants the ZCam has the highest resolution on the market today .
Additionally , the ZCam comes in a sturdy casing for protective and safety concerns .
In practice , the ZCam allows user to become the interface .
The navigation can be determined by a motion of the thumb or the entire body .
The player can be represented in the game with their real - time image .
Another feature allows gamers to operate the game bare - handed or by using an object .
Thus obviating the need for a control pad .
What 's In The Box ?
The ZCam comes with a Software Development Kit that will allow amateur or professional developers to improve or create games and other innovations .
The ZCam will be on show , January 7 - 10 , 2008 in Las Vegas at the Consumer Electronics Show .
They were put up for sale because family members no longer have homes opulent enough in which to display them .
Christie 's director , Elizabeth Lane , holds the early 16th century Cornaro Missal
The collection , which included a beautifully illustrated 16th Century prayer book that sold for almost £ 8.6 m , was formed by Baron Nathaniel Rothschild , who died in 1905 .
Ownership passed to his brother , Baron Albert , but , in 1938 , the collection as seized by the German Reich within hours of Hitler annexing Austria .
The brothers were descendants of Mayer Amschel Rothschild , who rose from a Frankfurt ghetto to establish the now legendary banking house .
Mayer 's success derived from a pattern which has been successfully followed by succeeding generations - to do business with those in power , and to father as many sons as possible .
Nathan Rothschild , one of Mayer 's five sons , established the British arm , which went on to become massively influential in the UK economy .
The dynasty has been credited with " bailing out " the British government on more than one occasion .
Like his other brothers , who set up branches in Paris , Vienna and Naples , Nathan profited from the Napoleonic wars , which finished in 1815 .
He is said to have ridden alongside the Duke of Wellington at the Battle of Waterloo .
On realising a British victory , he dashed back to London and brought government stocks before anyone else knew of Napoleon 's defeat .
By the time the business had passed to the next generation , the Rothschilds were influencing the national economy and politics of several European countries .
In 1875 , Lionel Rothschild - the first Jew to enter British parliament - was , with a few hours notice , able to lend the £ 4 m that allowed the British government to take control of the Suez Canal .
Mayer Amschel Rothchild 's wife Gutle
But the family 's powerful reputation made them a prime target for the Nazis , who seized the Rothschilds ' property shortly before the war .
Most of the art collection on sale at Christie 's was hidden by Hitler 's forces in salt mines .
It was recovered by American soldiers after the war and turned over to the Austrian government .
But it stayed out of family hands for more than 50 years as the Austrian government refused to license its export abroad on the grounds the family was unwilling to return to Austria .
Instead , the works were put on display in the country 's museums and libraries .
Vienna agreed to return them to the Rothschild family at the beginning of the year , to right what it called an " immoral " wrong .
Yet some parts of Hitler 's attack on the Rothschilds could never be put right .
Parts of the family were financially ruined by the Nazis , who destroyed their factories as well as their investments .
Although the Rothschild family is still rich beyond the dreams of most ordinary folk , the money generated by the Christie 's sale comes at a difficult time - at the start of this week the NM Rothschild merchant bank reported a 23 % fall in annual profits .
Funny on other blogs :
Privacy Policy
Men are all the same ! [ 9 pics ]
Published on 12/11/2007
Submit to : Del.icio.us Netscape Furl Facebook Send by Email
The Old Seven Wonders of the World Pictures has been moved here
Posted in : world record | | | |
If you like this post then please consider subscribing to my full feed RSS .
You can also subscribe by Email and have new posts sent directly to your inbox .
ISPs could face tougher penalties for failing to report child pornography under a bill passed yesterday by the House , but do n't start searching the skies for the black helicopters yet : the bill does n't require any active surveillance of user behavior , and it wo n't affect your local coffee shop 's WiFi , despite what you may have read .
The Securing Adolescents from Exploitation - Online Act of 2007 ( SAFE Act ; where the " O " went is anyone 's guess ) cleared the House yesterday on a lopsided vote of 409 - 2 .
Congressmen Ron Paul ( R - TX ) and Paul Broun ( R - GA ) were the only voices of opposition .
ISPs already have a duty to notify authorities if they stumble across anything that appears to be child pornography or molestation evidence .
The new bill ups the penalties for not reporting this information ; ISPs now face up to $ 150,000 for a first violation and up to $ 300,000 for subsequent violations .
The bill also requires ISPs to retain copies of all information filed in these reports , and to do so for 180 days in case they are needed for use as evidence in court .
Now , what does the bill not do ?
It explicitly tells ISPs that they do not need to " monitor any user , subscriber , or customer , " they do not need to " monitor the content of any indication , " or even " affirmatively seek facts or circumstances . "
In other words , if you see it , you are legally obligated to report it , but ISPs do not need to become child porn detectives .
The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children praised the bill , calling it a step toward " better reporting , investigation , and prosecution of those who use the Internet to distribute images of illegal child pornography . "
The bill was relatively noncontroversial , as evidenced by its huge bipartisan support .
That 's not evidence it's a good law , but it suggests at least that the legislation is not a harbinger of the coming Apocalypse .
Yet some news reports already question the motives of the House leaders who held the vote and claim that the bill would " slap new restrictions on hundreds of thousands of Americans and small businesses who offer public wireless connections . "
The bill will allegedly cover " individuals , coffee shops , libraries , hotels , and even some government agencies that provide Wi-Fi . "
Wow , that 's bad .
But is that really what 's happening here ?
WiFi is n't mentioned in the bill .
Neither are coffee shops , libraries , or individuals running access points in their basements .
The bill 's provisions apply to anyone " engaged in providing an electronic communication service or a remote computing service to the public through a facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce . "
Parse that as you will .
I contacted the office of Rep. Nick Lampson ( D - TX ) , who introduced the bill , to see whether he understood it to cover hundreds of thousands of Americans and small businesses who offer WiFi .
A spokesperson told me that , in his view , that broad interpretation was incorrect , but he had to check in with policy staffers before confirming it .
We did not hear back by press time .
Whatever the bill applies to , though , the law is quite clear that those who offer Internet access do n't have to do any additional monitoring .
There are no " restrictions " on their services .
The bill updates an already - existing notifcation requirement and stiffens the penalties , but only for those presented with clear evidence of child porn who make a " knowing and willful failure " to report it .
Download Download YouTube ( h/t Heather )
Far more scary than the nuclear threat presented by Iran , the NIE report released this week reveals a more domestic threat to the republic :
We have either a president who is too dishonest to restrain himself from invoking World War Three about Iran at least six weeks after he had to have known that the analogy would be fantastic , irresponsible hyperbole -- or we have a president too transcendently stupid not to have asked -- at what now appears to have been a series of opportunities to do so -- whether the fairy tales he either created or was fed , were still even remotely plausible .
A pathological presidential liar , or an idiot - in - chief .
It is the nightmare scenario of political science fiction : A critical juncture in our history and , contained in either answer , a president manifestly unfit to serve , and behind him in the vice presidency : an unapologetic war - monger who has long been seeing a world visible only to himself .
Transcripts below the fold
Finally , as promised , a Special Comment about the President 's cataclysmic deception about Iran .
There are few choices more terrifying than the one Mr. Bush has left us with tonight .
We have either a president who is too dishonest to restrain himself from invoking World War Three about Iran at least six weeks after he had to have known that the analogy would be fantastic , irresponsible hyperbole -- or we have a president too transcendently stupid not to have asked -- at what now appears to have been a series of opportunities to do so -- whether the fairy tales he either created or was fed , were still even remotely plausible .
A pathological presidential liar , or an idiot - in - chief .
It is the nightmare scenario of political science fiction : A critical juncture in our history and , contained in either answer , a president manifestly unfit to serve , and behind him in the vice presidency : an unapologetic war - monger who has long been seeing a world visible only to himself .
After Ms Perino 's announcement from the White House late last night , the timeline is inescapable and clear now .
In August , the President was told by his hand - picked Major Domo of intelligence , Mike McConnell , a flinty , high - strung - looking , worrying - warrior who will always see more clouds than silver linings , that what " everybody thought " about Iran might be , in essence , crap .
Yet on October 17th the President said of Iran and its president , Ahmadinejad :
" I 've told people that if you 're interested in avoiding World War III , it seems like you ought to be interested in preventing them from have the knowledge to make a nuclear weapon . "
And as he said that , Mr. Bush knew that at bare minimum there was a strong chance that his rhetoric was nothing more than words with which to scare the Iranians .
Or was it , sir , to scare the Americans ?
Does Iran not really fit into the equation here ?
Have you just scribbled it into the fill - in - the - blank on the same template you used to scare us about Iraq ?
In August , any commander - in - chief still able - minded or uncorrupted or both , sir , would have invoked the quality the job most requires : mental flexibility .
A bright man , or an honest man , would have realized no later than the McConnell briefing that the only true danger about Iran was the damage that could be done by an unhinged , irrational Chicken Little of a president , shooting his mouth off , backed up by only his own hysteria and his own delusions of omniscience .
Not Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Mr Bush .
The Chicken Little of presidents is the one , sir , that you see in the mirror .
And the mind reels at the thought of a Vice President fully briefed on the revised intel as long as two weeks ago -- briefed on the fact that Iran abandoned its pursuit of this imminent threat four years ago -- who never bothered to mention it to his boss .
It is nearly forgotten today , but throughout much of Ronald Reagan 's presidency , it was widely believed that he was little more than a front - man for some never - viewed , behind - the - scenes string - puller .
Today , as evidenced by this latest remarkable , historic malfeasance , it is inescapable , that Dick Cheney is either this president 's evil ventriloquist , or he thinks he is .
What servant of any of the 42 previous presidents could possibly withhold information of this urgency and this gravity , and wind up back at his desk the next morning , instead of winding up before a Congressional investigation -- or a criminal one ?
Mr Bush -- if you can still hear us -- if you did not previously agree to this scenario in which Dick Cheney is the actual detective and you 're the Remington Steele -- you must disenthrall yourself :
Mr Cheney has usurped your constitutional powers , cut you out of the information loop , and led you down the path to an unprecedented presidency in which the facts have become optional , the intel is valued less than the hunch , and the assistant runs the store .
The problem is , sir , your assistant is robbing you -- and your country -- blind .
Not merely in monetary terms , Mr. Bush , but more importantly , robbing you of the traditions and righteousness for which we have stood , at great risk , for centuries : Honesty , Law , Moral Force .
Mr. Cheney has helped , sir , to make your administration into the kind our ancestors saw in the 1860's and 1870's and 1880's -- the ones that abandoned Reconstruction , and sent this country marching backwards into the pit of American Apartheid .
Grant , Hayes , Garfield , Arthur , Cleveland ...
Presidents who will be remembered only in a blur of failure , Mr. Bush .
Presidents who will be remembered as functions only of those who opposed them -- the opponents whom history proved right .
Grant , Hayes , Garfield , Arthur , Cleveland ...
Bush .
Would that we could let this President off the hook by seeing him only as marionette or moron .
But a study of the mutation of his language about Iran proves that though he may not be very good at it , he is , himself , still a manipulative , Machiavellian , snake - oil salesman .
The Bushian etymology was tracked by Dan Froomkin at the Washington Post 's website .
It is staggering .
March 31st : " Iran is trying to develop a nuclear weapon ... "
June 5th : Iran 's " pursuit of nuclear weapons ... "
June 19th : " consequences to the Iranian government if they continue to pursue a nuclear weapon ... "
July 12th : " the same regime in Iran that is pursuing nuclear weapons ... "
August 6th : " this is a government that has proclaimed its desire to build a nuclear weapon ... "
Notice a pattern ?
Trying to develop , build or pursue a nuclear weapon .
Then , sometime between August 6th and August 9th , those terms are suddenly swapped out , so subtly that only in retrospect can we see that somebody has warned the President , not only that he has gone out too far on the limb of terror -- but there may not even be a tree there ...
McConnell , or someone , must have briefed him then .
August 9th : " They have expressed their desire to be able to enrich uranium , which we believe is a step toward having a nuclear weapons program ... "
August 28th : " Iran 's active pursuit of technology that could lead to nuclear weapons ... "
October 4th : " you should not have the know - how on how to make a ( nuclear ) weapon ... "
October 17th : " until they suspend and / or make it clear that they , that their statements are n't real , yeah , I believe they want to have the capacity , the knowledge , in order to make a nuclear weapon . "
Before August 9th , it 's : " Trying to develop , build or pursue a nuclear weapon . "
After August 9th , it's : " Desire , pursuit , want ... knowledge , technology , know - how to enrich uranium . "
And we are to believe , Mr. Bush , that the National Intelligence Estimate this week talks of the Iranians suspending their nuclear weapons program in 2003 ... And you talked of the Iranians suspending their nuclear weapons program on October 17th ...
And that term suspending is just a coincidence ?
And we are to believe , Mr. Bush , that nobody told you any of this until last week ?
Your insistence that you were not briefed on the NIE until last week might be legally true -- something like " what the definition of ' is ' is " -- but with the subject matter being not interns but the threat of nuclear war .
Legally , it might save you from some war crimes trial ... but ethically , it is a lie .
It is indefensible .
You have been yelling threats into a phone for nearly four months , after the guy on the other end had already hung up .
You , Mr. Bush , are a bald - faced liar .
And more over , you must have realized that John Bolton , and Norman Podhoretz , and the Wall Street Journal Editorial board , are also bald - faced liars .
We are to believe that the Intel Community , or maybe the State Department , cooked the raw intelligence about Iran , falsely diminished the Iranian nuclear threat , to make you look bad ?
And you proceeded to let them make you look bad ?
You not only knew all of this about Iran , in early August , but you also knew it was all accurate .
And instead of sharing this good news with the people you have obviously forgotten you represent , you merely fine - tuned your terrorizing of those people , to legally cover your own backside , while you filled the factual gap with sadistic visions of -- as you phrased it on August 28th : a quote " nuclear holocaust " -- and , as you phrased it on October 17th , quote : " World War III . "
My comments , Mr. Bush , are often dismissed as simple repetitions of the phrase " George Bush has no business being president . "
Well , guess what ?
Tonight : hanged by your own words and convicted by your own deliberate lies ...
You , sir , have no business being president .
Good night , and good luck .
I have this ongoing discussion with a longtime reader who also just so happens to be a longtime Oakland high school teacher , a wonderful guy who 's seen generations of teens come and generations go and who has a delightful poetic sensibility and quirky outlook on his life and his family and his beloved teaching career .
And he often writes to me in response to something I might 've written about the youth of today , anything where I comment on the various nefarious factors shaping their minds and their perspectives and whether or not , say , EMFs and junk food and cell phones are melting their brains and what can be done and just how bad it might all be .
His response :
It is not bad at all .
It 's absolutely horrifying .
My friend often summarizes for me what he sees , firsthand , every day and every month , year in and year out , in his classroom .
He speaks not merely of the sad decline in overall intellectual acumen among students over the years , not merely of the astonishing spread of lazy slackerhood , or the fact that cell phones and iPods and excess TV exposure are , absolutely and without reservation , short - circuiting the minds of the upcoming generations .
Of this , he says , there is zero doubt .
Nor does he speak merely of the notion that kids these days are overprotected and wussified and do n't spend enough time outdoors and do n't get any real exercise and therefore can't , say , identify basic plants , or handle a tool , or build , well , anything at all .
Again , these things are a given .
Widely reported , tragically ignored , nothing new .
No , my friend takes it all a full step — or rather , leap — further .
It is not merely a sad slide .
It is not just a general dumbing down .
It is far uglier than that .
We are , as far as urban public education is concerned , essentially at rock bottom .
We are now at a point where we are essentially churning out ignorant teens who are becoming ignorant adults and society as a whole will pay dearly , very soon , and if you think the hordes of easily terrified , mindless fundamentalist evangelical Christian lemmings have been bad for the soul of this country , just wait .
It 's gotten so bad that , as my friend nears retirement , he says he is very seriously considering moving out of the country so as to escape what he sees will be the surefire collapse of functioning American society in the next handful of years due to the absolutely irrefutable destruction , the shocking — and nearly hopeless — dumb-ification of the American brain .
It is just that bad .
Now , you may think he 's merely a curmudgeon , a tired old teacher who stopped caring long ago .
Not true .
Teaching is his life .
He says he loves his students , loves education and learning and watching young minds awaken .
Problem is , he is seeing much less of it .
It 's a bit like the melting of the polar ice caps .
Sure , there 's been alarmist data about it for years , but until you see it for yourself , the deep visceral dread does n't really hit home .
He cites studies , reports , hard data , from the appalling effects of television on child brain development ( i.e. ; any TV exposure before 6 years old and your kid's basic cognitive wiring and spatial perceptions are pretty much scrambled for life ) , to the fact that , because of all the insidious mandatory testing teachers are now forced to incorporate into the curriculum , of the 182 school days in a year , there are 110 when such testing is going on somewhere at Oakland High .
As one of his colleagues put it , " It 's like weighing a calf twice a day , but never feeding it . "
But most of all , he simply observes his students , year to year , noting all the obvious evidence of teens ' decreasing abilities when confronted with even the most basic intellectual tasks , from understanding simple history to working through moderately complex ideas to even ( in a couple recent examples that particularly distressed him ) being able to define the words " agriculture , " or even " democracy . "
Not a single student could do it .
It gets worse .
My friend cites the fact that , of the 6,000 high school students he estimates he 's taught over the span of his career , only a small fraction now make it to his grade with a functioning understanding of written English .
They do not know how to form a sentence .
They cannot write an intelligible paragraph .
Recently , after giving an assignment that required drawing lines , he realized that not a single student actually knew how to use a ruler .
It is , in short , nothing less than a tidal wave of dumb , with once - passionate , increasingly exasperated teachers like my friend nearly powerless to stop it .
The worst part :
It 's not the kids ' fault .
They 're merely the victims of a horribly failed educational system .
Then our discussion often turns to the meat of it , the bigger picture , the ugly and unavoidable truism about the lack of need among the government and the power elite in this nation to create a truly effective educational system , one that actually generates intelligent , thoughtful , articulate citizens .
Hell , why should they ?
After all , the dumber the populace , the easier it is to rule and control and launch unwinnable wars and pass laws telling them that sex is bad and TV is good and God knows all , so just pipe down and eat your Taco Bell Double - Supremo Burrito and be glad we do n't arrest you for posting dirty pictures on your cute little blog .
This is about when I try to offer counterevidence , a bit of optimism .
For one thing , I 've argued generational relativity in this space before , suggesting maybe kids are no scarier or dumber or more dangerous than they 've ever been , and that maybe some of the problem is merely the same old awkward generation gap , with every current generation absolutely convinced the subsequent one is terrifically stupid and malicious and will be the end of society as a whole .
Just the way it always seems .
I also point out how , despite all the evidence of total public - education meltdown , I keep being surprised , keep hearing from / about teens and youth movements and actions that impress the hell out of me .
Damn kids made the Internet what it is today , fer chrissakes .
Revolutionized media .
Broke all the rules .
Still are .
Hell , some of the best designers , writers , artists , poets , chefs , and so on that I meet are in their early to mid-20s .
And the nation 's top universities are still managing , despite a factory - churning mentality , to crank out young minds of astonishing ability and acumen .
How did these kids do it ?
How did they escape the horrible public school system ?
How did they avoid the great dumbing down of America ?
Did they never see a TV show until they hit puberty ?
Were they all born and raised elsewhere , in India and Asia and Russia ?
Did they all go to Waldorf or Montessori and eat whole - grain breads and play with firecrackers and take long walks in wild nature ?
Are these kids flukes ?
Exceptions ?
Just lucky ?
My friend would say , well , yes , that 's precisely what most of them are .
Lucky , wealthy , foreign - born , private - schooled ... and increasingly rare .
Most affluent parents in America — and many more who are n't — now put their kids in private schools from day one , and the smart ones give their kids no TV and minimal junk food and no video games .
( Of course , this in no way guarantees a smart , attuned kid , but compared to the odds of success in the public school system , it sure seems to help ) .
This covers about , what , 3 percent of the populace ?
As for the rest , well , the dystopian evidence seems overwhelming indeed , to the point where it might be no stretch at all to say the biggest threat facing America is perhaps not global warming , not perpetual warmongering , not garbage food or low - level radiation or way too much Lindsay Lohan , but a populace far too ignorant to know how to properly manage any of it , much less change it all for the better .
What , too fatalistic ?
Do n't worry .
Soon enough , no one will know what the word even means .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
In This Issue
The Green Shift Anti-Pattern
Book Review : Agility and Discipline Made Easy
Hot Links
The Green Shift Anti-Pattern
In astronomy there is the concept of red- shifting and blue - shifting : red shifting occurs when a body is moving away from you ( the wavelength of the light increases ) and blue - shifting occurs when a body is moving towards you ( the wavelength of the light decreases ) .
This is useful input for determining the speed and direction of something .
In software development we have green shifting which occurs when people rework the information contained in status reports to make them more politically palatable to their manager .
A few years ago I was involved with a seriously challenged project .
In my weekly status report to the project manager I would very bluntly list all of the problems we were experiencing .
Strangely , even though myself and several others were clearly documenting the problems , all of which were out of our control , nothing ever seemed to happen .
After a few weeks of this I ran into the CIO and she congratulated me on how well the project was going .
I was surprised , and told her that the project was in serious trouble and summarized the critical issues for her .
It was news to her .
After a bit of investigation we discovered that although myself and team members had been reporting the serious political challenges that the project team faced , when our project manager summarized our reports he decided to put a better spin on it and reported that the team found the project challenging .
His manager in turn reworked it in his report that the team enjoyed the challenges it faced .
This was the report which the CIO received .
The problem is that the project status " green shifted " as it rose through the various levels of management .
The people on the ground were very clearly reporting a red project status , our project manager wanted to play it safe so reported yellow status , and his manager was more political yet and reported green status .
Blood , sweat and tears .
The ultimate manhood test .
Are you up to the challenge ?
It ’s saturday night , you ’re getting a beer or two at the bar .
You look at the wrong girl , and a big guy comes over to you .
“ You lookin ’ at my girl fool ? !
” He says .
You answer steadily with a “ let ’s armwrestle ” .
He agrees , and the whole bar is watching .
You win easily .
Needless to say , you walk away with the girl , and the total respect from everyone in the bar .
The big guy sits and cryes of shame in the corner .
Buhhuu , this is how you did :
You trained your grip
Grip strength is one of the most important factors in winning at arm wrestling , and who does n’t want to be that guy everyone turns to when they need help opening the cookie jar ?
Grip training is most easily done using a handgripper , I personally recommend the Altus adjustable hand grip , which can be found at the bodybuilding .com store , where you can also find additional information .
Right now they are sold for a mere $ 7.49 .
Your feet were positioned right
ALWAYS have the right foot in front of your left one ( If you ’re right handed ) .
A good rule of thumb is to position your foot as far against your opponent as you can .
This is done to make use of all the power and force you possibly can .
You wrapped your thumb
Wrapping your thumb is a very simple move which can grant you a lot of power over your contestant .
Here ’s how to do it :
1 . Wrap your hand as if you were about to punch someone .
2. Instead of having your thumb on the outside , move it “ under ” your fingers , so you can only see the knuckles behind your fingers .
3 . This is wrapping your thumb .
Practice doing it with a friend to see what I mean .
You trained the key arm wrestle areas
The shoulders and upper back for offense , biceps and pecs for defense .
And used the right muscles
Most people arm wrestling foolishly use their biceps to crush the opponent .
This is wrong , as it is a relatively small and weak muscle .
Instead of using the arm , try using your back and shoulders to force your opponent down .
These were just 5 easy tips to winning at arm wrestling , but if you take advantage of them , I am willing to promise you better results immediately .
Especially about that gripper , it makes a whole world of difference .
Good luck winning out at the bars !
And if you really feel cocky , what about smacking on this t- shirt ?
Do you also like Arm Wrestling ?
Consider Subscribing to our RSS
Feed to get more tips !
Introduction
In my day job , among other things , I masquerade as a developer of software .
Mostly this pertains to embedded C++ , sometimes I debug some Java , and occasionally I work on a Verilog simulation testbench .
I used to also do HTML and JavaScript , but that work has been shipped to India .
A few years ago , I was introduced to the programming language Haskell in graduate school .
This first occurred through an undergraduate programming languages course that I sat in on , because I had read a bit about Haskell on the web , and my interested was piqued .
I was really intrigued !
This language required a completely different mindset from the C/C++/ Java / Perl world to which I was accustomed !
It challenged me to understand problems differently and to describe their solutions in a different way .
I was hooked .
After this , I continued to learn more through websites , blog posts , and personal experiments .
My adventure into Haskell continued with a graduate - level class on programming languages , but that is another post for another time .
Concepts learned from Haskell
Some aspects of Haskell that I fell hard for are the concepts of immutability and referential transparency .
The former describes a " thing " that , once created , ca n't change .
This means that you can create an integer variable , say numberOfPeople , initialize it to the value of 5 , and then you are not allowed to modify numberOfPeople anywhere in its scope .
The compiler will scream and shout with an error if you do make that mistake .
The other concept , referential transparency , refers to the idea of an expression that yields predictable outputs for all possible inputs , and its output y is always the same for a given input x .
Imagine the expression is a black box that implements a mathematical function f such that y = f( x ) .
If the black box is referentially transparent , then you could replace that black box with a purple box that implements f differently ( but is still referentially transparent ) and never know the difference ( except for the superficial change in color ) .
This is a powerful concept that extremely simplifies the problem of understanding a program .
How to survive with C++
Unfortunately , I have since left academia , and my job does not use Haskell or its kind .
So , I am forced to make do with C++ and Java .
But I simply have not been able to let go those lessons I learned .
So , I began to create immutable things and develop referentially transparent code .
More and more , I 've learned how to apply these two ideas in my everyday approach to programming .
const and immutability
The major visible impact on my code is the use of the const keyword in C and C ++.
I use it everywhere I possibly can .
You might say that I am fanatical about const .
I even plan my code , so that I am able to use const as much as makes sense .
So , what is const ?
It has many different uses , but in general it means " read - only . " const is C / C++'s nod to immutability .
To demonstrate the above example in C / C++ , you would type :
const int numberOfPeople = 5 ;
This is probably the simplist use of const , but it is also the one that ( I suspect ) gets the least usage .
This tells me ( and the compiler ) that numberOfPeople will always equal 5 .
In fact , I could replace all uses of numberOfPeople in this scope with 5 .
( Sounds like referential transparency ?
It is ! )
Of course , I do n't want to replace numberOfPeople with its value , because numberOfPeople is more descriptive of its purpose that 5 will ever be .
But now I can go on my merry way attempting to understand this piece of code with comfort in the knowledge that numberOfPeople will not accidentally change its value on me .
That last statement is very important .
When a software developer is debugging a program ( as s/ he often is ) , just knowing that one " thing " will not change after creation decreases the scope of required knowledge for that session by one .
If all things are immutable , that significantly reduces the probability that bugs are present in dynamic logic .
Thus , by being " const - ipated " with your code ( by using const wherever possible ) , you can kill bugs before they even appear !
As a side note , I recently encountered un - const - ipated code that could have used an extra-strength dose of immutability .
That plus variables named with " tmp " being reused for different purposes led to the introduction of several bugs .
I hate to say that I 'm vindicated for my beliefs , but it felt good to know that I will run into that problem much less often .
Applications of referential transparency
Along with immutability , I strive to develop functions that are referentially transparent .
Of course , using an imperative , object - oriented language in the way for which it 's designed , most of it is not .
However , when the occasion strikes , I go for it .
One case where I think referentially transparent functions are beneficial is if they are private class methods .
Too often , I have tried to trace through code in which a member variable is assigned in multiple places .
This is difficult to keep track of , especially if you have one function that initializes the variable , then enters a loop with no reference to that variable .
Then , with a grep , you discover that the variable is being updated by at least one other private function called in that loop .
This effectively hides references and is referentially opaque .
By turning that second function into one that takes arguments and returns a result that is assigned to the member variable , it becomes more apparent ( or transparent ) what is happening .
Another profitable case of referential transparency , combined with immutability , is the use of const as a modifier on a class method , e.g .
class A { /*...*/ int get ( ) const ; /*...*/ } ;
This allows you to use an const instance of A and retrieve any values based on its member variables .
The function get ( ) promises not to change any member variables ; thus , given an immutable object of type A , get ( ) is referentially transparent .
( Of couse , it could modify external values , so it is not necessarily completely referentially transparent . )
Conclusion
So , the moral of the story is that two concepts I picked up from the functional programming language Haskell can be applied to my daily work in C++ ( and other languages ) .
I strongly advocate trying this out for yourself .
It 's funny , but you may not even realize how much time you 're saving yourself ( or others who look at your code ) until you get used to doing it then look at somebody else 's un- const - ipated code .
I wrote this post for three reasons that I want to mention .
mwcnews.net
By James M Leas
The National Lawyers Guild voted unanimously and enthusiastically for a resolution calling for the impeachment of George W. Bush and Dick Cheney at our national convention in Washington , DC on November 2 , 2007 .
The resolution lists more than a dozen high crimes and misdemeanors of the Bush and Cheney administration and “ calls upon the U.S. House of Representatives to immediately initiate impeachment proceedings , to investigate the charges , and if the investigation supports the charges , to vote to impeach George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney as provided in the Constitution of the United States of America . ”
( Source )
Kernel - based malware scanning
LWN .net needs you !
Without subscribers , LWN would simply not exist .
Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
Readers of LWN's Kernel Page have long been aware of the ongoing debate over the value of the Linux Security Module ( LSM ) framework and the security policies which have been implemented using it .
One result from that discussion has been the removal of the modular interface in the upcoming 2.6.24 kernel .
If that change stands ( Linus has said that he could yet be talked out of it ) , security modules will have to be built into the kernel ; there will be no way to load them at runtime .
Arguments for this change include ending abuses of the LSM interface , the need to have a security policy in place when the kernel is first booted , and the fact that there is no safe way to unload most known security modules .
On November 28 , a message from an engineer at Sophos turned up on the kernel mailing list .
It seems that Sophos has a security module ( called " Talpa " ) which performs virus scanning ; they would like for the LSM interface to remain so that this module can continue to be loaded .
Of course , only free software modules are considered relevant for this discussion , but there is no problem with that : Talpa is available on SourceForge and has been since , well , November 23 .
Talpa was described this way :
In essence , what our module does is it intercepts file accesses and allows userspace daemons to vet them .
One of the means we implemented that is through LSM and although it is not a perfect match for such use we prefer to use an official interface .
Unfortunately , with time it became impossible to use LSM on some distributions ( SELinux ) so we had to implement other intercept methods which are significantly less nice , and which may also become unworkable over time .
So Talpa creates a hook whereby a ( presumably proprietary ) user - space process can scan file contents for bad stuff and , when it is found , block access to that stuff .
There was quite a bit of discussion about the approaches taken in this code , many of which are seen as being " significantly less nice . "
Suffice to say that any kernel running this module is not really Linux any more .
But it also turns out that there is a lot of skepticism about the goal of this work , regardless of how it 's implemented .
One might well be able to create a shiny , proprietary file scanner which can , with 100 % accuracy , identify any file containing malware .
But that still does not really solve the problem because it is very hard to guarantee that the file 's contents as seen by the scanner match those which are later processed by an application .
One can imagine a course of events something like this :
A user asks the system administrator to look at a PDF file using some sort of plausible reason probably involving the highly humorous content which can be found inside .
The administrator ( as root , naturally ) runs a PDF viewer application which opens the file .
The user - space malware - scanning application springs into action ; after extensive analysis it pronounces the file clean and allows the access to continue .
Before the PDF viewer gets going again , the evil user overwrites the file with content crafted to exploit one of the several - hundred recent PDF library vulnerabilities .
The now - compromised viewer immediately repurposes the system toward the task of posting Ron Paul - related comments on weblogs worldwide .
The obvious thing might be to prevent the evil user from writing malware to the file by scanning data as it is written as well .
Simple forms of this technique could be circumvented by jumping around the file and writing the bad stuff in small , seemingly innocuous pieces .
A much easier and more effective approach , though , is for the attacker to simply mmap ( ) the file , allowing it to be rewritten without the need for any system calls at all .
One could try to enforce exclusive access to the file , but that would require an effective revoke ( ) system call , which has proved to be tremendously hard to implement .
At this time , there really is no effective defense against that sort of attack .
Defenders of active scanning respond that this sort of local - attacker scenario is not really part of their threat model .
If one is concerned about the content of files which arrive on the system via a web browser , a web server , an email client , or something along those lines , then attacks which involve race conditions exploited by local bad guys are not really part of the picture .
For this case , active file scanning might be sufficient to detect most potential attacks .
In the end , no security mechanism is going to be perfect .
A mechanism which makes attacks harder is the best which can be done , and it should , at least , succeed in raising the bar .
The response to that assertion is that , for such a simple model , the requisite scanning could easily be done entirely in user space .
In the short term , the Talpa module is not going to get anywhere near the mainline kernel .
There is clearly a demand for that sort of feature , though ; some segments of the user community feel that it will improve their security and they are willing to pay for it .
So the real question that comes out of this discussion is how to provide this kind of feature in a way which plays well with the rest of the kernel .
The word is that some of the relevant people are getting together to talk about new approaches ; expect this topic to return sometime soon .
The Pentagon has denied President Bush issued a directive for it to resume open - air testing of chemical and biological warfare ( CBW ) agents that were halted by President Richard Nixon in 1969 .
Yet , the Pentagon ’s stated preparations make it appear it is poised to do just that .
Spokesperson Chris Isleib did not respond to a request for comment on a passage from the Defense Department ’s annual report sent to Congress last April that suggests the Pentagon is gearing up to resume the tests .
Resumption of open - air testing would reverse a long - standing moratorium adopted after a public outcry against them following accidents in the Sixties .
The Pentagon ’s annual report apparently calls for both the developmental and operational “ field testing of ( CBW ) full systems , ” not just simulations .
The Pentagon ’s report to Congress contains the following passage : “ More than thirty years have passed since outdoor live - agent chemical tests were banned in the United States , and the last outdoor test with live chemical agent was performed , so much of the infrastructure for the field testing of chemical detectors no longer exists or is seriously outdated .
The currently budgeted improvements in the T&E infrastructure will greatly enhance both the developmental and operational field testing of full systems , with better simulated representation of threats and characterization of system response . ”
“ T&E ” is an acronym for testing and evaluation .
“ Either the military has resumed open - air testing already or they are preparing to do so , ” said Francis Boyle , a University of Illinois Professor of International Law who authored the implementing legislation for the U.S. Biological Weapons Convention signed into law by President George Bush Sr. and who has tracked subsequent developments closely .
“ I am stunned by the nature of this development , ” Boyle said .
“ This is a major reversal of policy . ”
The 1972 treaty against germ warfare , which the U.S. signed , forbids developing weapons that spread disease , such as anthrax , a pathogen that is regarded by the military as “ ideal ” for conducting germ warfare .
“ The Pentagon is fully prepared to launch biological warfare by means of anthrax , ” Boyle charged .
“ All the equipment has been acquired and all the training conducted and most combat - ready members of U.S. armed forces have been given protective equipment and vaccines that allegedly would protect them from that agent . ”
Open -air testing takes research into deadly agents out of the laboratories in order to study their effectiveness , including their aerial dispersion patterns , and whether they actually infect and kill in field trials .
Since the anthrax attacks on Congress in October , 2001 , the Bush administration has funded a vast biological research expansion at hundreds of private and university laboratories in the U.S. and abroad involving anthrax and other deadly pathogens .
The anthrax attacks killed five people , including two postal workers , injured 17 others and temporarily shut down the operations of the U.S. Congress , Supreme Court , and other Federal entities .
Although a Federal statute permits the president to authorize open - air testing of CBW agents , Boyle said this “ does not solve the compliance problem that it might violate the international Chemical Weapons Convention and the Biological Weapons Convention as well as their related domestic implementing legislation making such violations crimes . ”
Boyle charged the U.S. is already “ in breach ” of both conventions and also of U.S. domestic criminal law implementing them .
In February , 2003 , for example , the U.S. granted itself a patent on an illegal , long - range biological - weapons grenade , evidently for offensive purposes .
Boyle said the development of anthrax for possible offensive purposes is underscored by the government ’s efforts “ to try to stockpile anthrax vaccines and antibiotics for 25 - million plus Americans to protect the civilian population in the event there is any ‘ blowback ’ from the use of anthrax in biowarfare abroad by the Pentagon . ”
“ In theory , ” Boyle added , “ you cannot wage biowarfare abroad unless you can protect your civilian population from either retaliation in kind , or blowback , or both . ”
Under Project BioShield , Homeland Security is spending $ 5.6 billion to stockpile vaccines and drugs to fight anthrax , smallpox , and other bioterror agents .
The project had been marked by delays and operational problems and on December 12th last year Congress passed legislation to pump another $ 1 billion into BioShield to fund three years of additional research by the private sector .
Boyle said evidence the U.S. has super - weapons - grade anthrax was demonstrated in the October , 2001 , anthrax mail attacks on Senators Thomas Daschle ( D - S.D. ) and Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt . )
The strain of highly sophisticated anthrax employed has allegedly been traced back to the primary U.S. Army biological warfare campus at Ft. Detrick , Md .
The attacks killed five persons and sickened 17 others .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
A rally Wednesday afternoon at Columbia University was held to protest the discovery of a noose on the office door of an African - American professor .
The noose was found Tuesday , hanging from a door at Columbia 's Teachers College .
more photos »
The noose was found Tuesday at Columbia 's Teachers College , said Joe Levine , executive director for external affairs at Teachers College .
The New York Police Department is investigating the matter as a hate crime .
The apparent target , Madonna Constantine , 44 , is a professor of psychology and education at Teachers College .
She co-wrote the book " Addressing Racism : Facilitating Cultural Competence in Mental Health and Educational Settings . "
Constantine issued a statement saying , " I am upset that the Teachers College community has been exposed to such an unbelievably vile incident , and I would like us to stay strong in the face of such a blatant act of racism .
" Hanging the noose on my office door reeks of cowardice and fear on many levels .
I want the perpetrator to know that I will not be silenced . "
The noose was discovered about 9:15 a.m. Tuesday by a colleague of Constantine .
It appeared to have been placed on the door between 8 and 9:15 a.m. , police said .
Security cameras monitor the entrance to the building , but there are none in the hallway where the noose was discovered , Levine added .
The building , which is open 24 hours a day , is accessible only to those with a Teachers College ID card or other credentials , he said .
No arrests have been made and no suspects have been identified , police said .
Reacting to the news , more than 150 undergraduates attended a meeting Tuesday night on campus , and more than 120 Teachers College students expressed outrage at a gathering in their dining hall as well , according to the student - run newspaper Columbia Spectator .
University President Lee Bollinger denounced the incident in a statement sent out to the Columbia University community : " Tolerance and mutual respect are among the core values of our diverse community , and all of us must confront acts of hate whenever they occur within it .
As I said last night , an attack on the dignity of any member of our community is an assault on all of us . "
Teachers College President Susan Fuhrman said that she and the community " deplore this hateful act . "
Wednesday 's protest started around 2 p.m .
A town hall meeting for professors , students and staff was set for 3:30 p.m .
It was closed to the public .
Columbia has had a spate of bias - related incidents in recent years , but Levine said , " I 've never seen anything like this here . "
Student Liz Tortu said students received a university e-mail describing the incident .
" I was just stunned , " she said .
" I would never think something like that would happen here .
I was just very surprised and saddened also . "
The student paper reported the noose 's discovery came on the heels of several recent politically and racially charged events at Columbia , including the controversial visit of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
It also follows news reports of racial tensions in Jena , Louisiana , that attracted national attention .
In the " Jena 6 " case , white students in the small town hung nooses from a schoolyard tree after black students sat under it .
Marchers last month protested how authorities handled the cases of six black teenagers accused of beating a white student at the same school , several weeks after the noose incident .
Constantine has been recognized for her work by the Society of Counseling Psychology and the Society of the Psychological Study of Ethnic Minority Issues , and she received an Outstanding Research Award from the American Counseling Association .
She is on the editorial boards of the Journal of Counseling Psychology , Journal of Multicultural Counseling and Development and Journal of Black Psychology .
Teachers College has more than 5,000 graduate students and 165 faculty members , according to school officials .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Allan Chernoff , Rob Frehse and Andrea Stout contributed to this report .
All About Racial Issues
Brad notes the undercurrent of Republican misgivings about Rudy Giuliani ’s candidacy and expresses the idea that the race for the GOP nomination is going to be a lot more exciting than people might think .
While I certainly hope he ’s correct , there also seem to be some signs that the various factions of the party are coalescing around Rudy Giuliani , for better or for worse .
Listen to guys like Sean Hannity on a regular basis and you ’ll see that Rudy is the golden boy of the conservative right , which is ironic that he ’s neither conservative nor particularly very right - wing .
Earlier today , for example , Pat Robertson endorsed Rudy Giuliani for the Republican nomination for President :
Rudolph W. Giuliani scored a coup today by winning the support of Pat Robertson , who , as one of the nation ’s best - known televangelists , could help Mr. Giuliani reassure Republicans who are wary of his support for abortion rights and gay rights .
Mr. Robertson , the founder and chairman of the Christian Broadcasting Network , said in endorsing Mr. Giuliani in Washington , that he believed “ the overriding issue before the American people is the defense of our population from the blood lust of Islamic terrorists ” and praised Mr. Giuliani as a “ true fiscal conservative . ”
While Mr. Robertson did not mention Mr. Giuliani ’s support of abortion rights , he said approvingly that Mr. Giuliani “ has assured the American people that his choices for judicial appointments will be men and women who share the judicial philosophy of John Roberts and Antonin Scalia , ” who have argued against Roe v. Wade .
The endorsement comes just a month after a coalition of other prominent Christian conservatives threatened to back a third - party candidate if Mr. Giuliani were to become the Republican Party ’s presidential nominee .
The support of Mr. Robertson could not only help Mr. Giuliani present himself as a viable candidate to the Christian right , but could also help him improve his standings in Iowa : Mr. Robertson finished second in the Iowa caucuses during his own run for president in 1988 .
The political value of this endorsement should not be downplayed , as Mark Ambinder points out :
Unlike Paul Weyrich , who endorsed Mitt Romney yesterday , actual voters have heard of Pat Robertson .
Actual voters in Iowa helped place second in the 1988 Iowa caucuses .
Robertson is the most significant conservative Christian to endorse , and his endorsement goes to Rudy .
The question , of course is why Robertson or any other conservative would endorse someone who is plainly not a social conservative , who is pro-choice , more tolerant of homosexuals that anyone of Robertson ’s ilk would ever be , and further to the left on social issues than any of the other Republican candidates .
Ambinder says it all boils down to the War on Terror :
Both Giuliani and Robertson share an apocalyptic worldview about the clash with [ radical ]
Islam ; for Robertson , it is religious and based in biblical prophecy .
For Giuliani , it is secular — but given his 9/11 experiences , just as personal .
Evangelical Christians cite the war on terror as their chief policy concern , and it is not that surprising that Giuliani , who is more identified with an aggressive prosecution of that war than any other candidate , is doing well among evangelicals .
It ’s not that they ignore his views on social issues ; it ’s that they see the war on terror like he does : black - and - white , good - versus - evil , a struggle for the soul of civilization .
And Andrew Sullivan agrees , though in far harsher language that pretty much captures my personal opinion of the former Mayor of New York and the Charlatan of Virginia Beach :
Robertson blamed Americans for causing 9/11 .
He is a charlatan and a religious phony .
He has enriched himself at the expense of millions of gullible Christians who did not understand that this man ’s sole principle is his own power and wealth .
It does n’t surprise me that he sees eye to eye with Giuliani .
They are very similar characters .
But he does represent what may be becoming the consensus among Christianists : that the war on Islamic terrorism is the prime issue ; and that the way to tackle it is by increasing military aggression , bombing or occupying Muslim countries , preserving Israel solely to hasten the Apocalypse , and entrenching torture as a pillar of American national security policy .
The fusion of Giuliani ’s authoritarianism with Robertson ’s Christianism is indeed one future path for the GOP .
There ’s one thing that still unites what ’s left of the Republican base , and that ’s the War on Terror .
Rudy Giuliani has become the symbol of that war by virtue of the fact that he happened to be Mayor of New York on September 11th — ignoring the fact that there is much well - placed criticism of the state of the New York ’s emergency response system that made the job that the firefighters had to do more difficult .
But none of that matters , because Rudy ’s pro-War on Terror all the way — and folks like Pat Robertson think he ’s just the guy to lead us into what they ’ve come to see as a religious struggle of Biblical proportions .
So the future of the GOP , in the eyes of Pat Robertson and Rudy Giuliani is fairly easy to see — New York style authoritarianism combined with evangelical Christianist fatalism .
Its a turn off to civil libetarians , to pretty much anyone who lives outside the Bible Belt , and to middle class Americans who do n’t like seeing their politics mixed with religion , but it ’s exactly where the GOP is headed in 2008 unless the bandwagon that is the Giuliani for President campaign is derailed .
Adapted from a post at Below The Beltway
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
The difference is clear .
From the
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:08 , archived )
From the Infidels !
challenge .
See all 174 entries ( closed ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:08 ,
That 's a winner , right there .
* clicks * ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:12 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:12 ,
Yay
* click * ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:12 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:12 ,
Lawks !
You should work for Mr. Bush .
You 'd scare us all into ' liberating ' their countries . :/ ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:13 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:13 ,
hmmm
for some reason this entry makes me think of the film ' Jewel of the Nile '
God know why though .
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:14 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:14 ,
because of that wacky danny devito ?
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:16 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:16 ,
that could be it
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 ,
LONG LIVE THE EAST
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:15 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:15 ,
I like this
but is it actually propaganda against the west ?
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:16 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:16 ,
I 've wondered this about almost every entry so far ...
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:17 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:17 ,
^this^
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:18 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:18 ,
Me too
I 've given up now .
It 's easier that way .
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:18 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:18 ,
Sperm of Satan you say ?
Hm , may go and get myself a mugful ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:19 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:19 ,
thats right .
and tea is his urine .
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 ,
I 'm a one man drinks dispenser .
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:22 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:22 ,
* attempts to get some juice *
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:24 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:24 ,
* wiggles *
* shakes *
There you go .
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:27 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:27 ,
Noooo
Dont say that !!
* cries * ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:44 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:44 ,
Satan
HAS AIDS LOL ! ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:47 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:47 ,
good mood has gone now .
balance has been restored .
* seethes * ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 ,
Do that too much you 'll turn into a seethe
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:21 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:21 ,
that might be nice ...
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:23 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:23 ,
Awww
* Strokes * ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:43 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:43 ,
* ponders deeper meanings *
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:18 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:18 ,
It 's the same with every challenge
but at least this one 's good , so I wo n't complain too much :) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:19 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:19 ,
Oh , they 're all very well done
Which is more than can be said for most challenges - just very few have actually followed the brief ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 ,
Mine followed the brief !
www.b3ta.com/board/7715668
It 's just not funny :(
I 'm not happy with the font , too brown , etc .
It 's just not funny :( I 'm not happy with the font , too brown , etc. archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:22 ,
I thought it
was very funny ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:24 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:24 ,
Cheers !
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:28 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:28 ,
Heh heh , yeah I like that
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:25 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:25 ,
yes , apparently
because there 's no culture in the west ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:18 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:18 ,
you 're right there , the beheading thing definitely has a far longer history :)
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:22 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:22 ,
Bring it back , I say
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:22 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:22 ,
hell bent on remaining as medieval as possible for as long as possible
this is how people are empowered !
yay !
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:23 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:23 ,
well , you see , I think that ' they ' think that the right - hand column is the norm
and that ' us ' crazy folks in the west get up to all that on the left .
is n't it .
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:21 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:21 ,
well , I know one crazy westerner who 's gonna enjoy some pork fillet now
--> off to lunch ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:26 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:26 ,
have a nice porkment :)
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:27 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:27 ,
Yes , but if you were a fundamentalist in the east ,
you 'd likely be enraged by the left column , but find the images on the right perfectly correct and natural .
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:21 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:21 ,
yes
and one of those images is clearly of a non muslim
so obviously she should die , etc.. ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:22 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:22 ,
right
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:27 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:27 ,
* clicks *
archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:18 ,
yay
thats ace - clicks !
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 ,
pfft and indeed arf
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:20 ,
nonsense
There are no gays in Islamic countries !
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:37 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 11:37 ,
not any more
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 12:29 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 12:29 ,
: D ha !
Have a click , that 's very good indeed .
( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 12:28 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 12:28 ,
A good take on a bland topic
* clicks * ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 14:50 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 14:50 ,
Exceptional
Spot on , I salute you ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 15:19 , archived ) ( , Fri 19 Oct 2007 , 15:19 ,
...
... those well hung " gays " look remarkably similiar to those two Iranians guys convicted of gang - raping a 13 year old boy .
( , Sat 20 Oct 2007 , 5:27 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Oct 2007 , 5:27 ,
Really ?
Oops ! ( , Sat 20 Oct 2007 , 10:04 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Oct 2007 , 10:04 ,
However ...
Not that Iran would trump up charges of rape to justify executing young gay men of course ... ( , Sat 20 Oct 2007 , 10:50 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Oct 2007 , 10:50 ,
See :
www.petertatchell.net/international/iranexecution.htm
“ The allegation of rape may be a trumped up charge to undermine public sympathy for the youths .
The Iranian regime often resorts to smears and false allegations to discredit people it has executed and to undermine human rights campaigns . "
and here , too : “ The allegation of rape may be a trumped up charge to undermine public sympathy for the youths .
The Iranian regime often resorts to smears and false allegations to discredit people it has executed and to undermine human rights campaigns .
" and here , too : www.petertatchell.net/international/iranexecution2.htm archived ) ( , Sat 20 Oct 2007 , 12:59 ,
Do some people not get it ?
Dear god you 're a moron .
( , Sun 21 Oct 2007 , 14:24 , archived ) ( , Sun 21 Oct 2007 , 14:24 ,
hahaha
ffunny ( , Sat 20 Oct 2007 , 13:48 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Oct 2007 , 13:48 ,
dude
is n't this a little bit too harsh ?
( , Sat 20 Oct 2007 , 14:18 , archived ) ( , Sat 20 Oct 2007 , 14:18 ,
Beeb Week Adam Curtis is one of the jewels in the BBC 's crown - as well as one of its fiercest critics .
His documentaries are rich , complex histories of ideas that have surprised BBC executives with their popularity amongst younger viewers : his montage technique and visual jokes reward repeated viewings .
The Century of the Self told the story of how Freud 's nephew invented modern public relations [ pt3 ] .
The Power Of Nightmares [ video ] described how the myth of the al - Qaeda " network " had to be invented so a terror trial could be heard under America 's RICO laws .
The Trap [ pts1&2 ] describes how reductionist and paranoid logic of game theory influenced psychology , biology and eventually social policy .
( Curtis is also an advisor to Popbitch )
Over two interviews with us , Curtis lays into a TV class that has lost its confidence , run out of ideas , and fallen back on " user generated content " as a salvation .
He explains how bloggers are bullies , warns of the snake oil salesmen of the internet 's " new democracy " , and suggests how to repair a BBC in crisis .
[ There 's a short excerpt from the first interview in MP3 format here , and we 'll air a follow - up later in the week .
This one is n't broadcast quality , but it 's such a fine rant , it 's too good not share . ]
Adam Curtis - Part One : Click the player or Download MP3
Implicit behind a lot of this stuff , like being asked to do blogging , is that we 're getting a more representative view of the public .
That 's a great paradox .
It 's a wider thing than the internet , but the internet sums it up .
It 's that on the surface it says that " the internet is a new form of democracy " .
So what you 're seeing is a new pluralism , a new collage , a new mosaic of all sorts of different ideas that 's genuinely representative .
But if you analyse what happens , it simplifies things .
First of all , the people who do blogging , for example , are self - selecting .
Quite frankly it 's quite clear that what bloggers are is bullies .
The internet has removed a lot of constraints on them .
You know what they 're like : they 're deeply emotional , they 're bullies , and they often do n't get out enough .
And they are parasitic upon already existing sources of information - they do little research of their own .
What then happens is this idea of the ' hive mind ' , instead of leading to a new plurality or a new richness , leads to a growing simplicity .
The bloggers from one side act to try to force mainstream media one way , the others try to force it the other way .
So what the mainstream media ends up doing is it nervously tries to steer a course between these polarised extremes .
The Century Of The Self ( 2002 )
So you end up with a rigid , simplified view of the world , which is negotiated by mainstream media in response to the bullying extremities .
Far from being " the wisdom of crowds " , it 's the stupidity of crowds .
Collectively what we are doing is creating a more simplified world .
So it 's more homogeneous ?
Yes , it is .
I 've talked to news editors in America .
What they are most frightened of is an assault by the bloggers .
They come from the left and the right .
They 're terrified if they stray one way they 'll get monstered by bloggers on the right , if they stray the other way they 'll get monstered by bloggers from the left .
So they nervously try and creep along , like a big animal in Toy Story - hoping not to disturb the demons that are out there .
It leads to a sort of nervousness .
The moment a media system becomes infected by nervousness it starts to decline .
Is n't that a specifically American problem ?
I remember the first time I walked into a newspaper office there , I saw all these desks are creaking under their trophies .
Each journalist has about twenty awards on his or her desk - that 's just armour plating for their egos .
Well , there are two things you are dealing with here .
What it reflects is a much wider insecurity amongst the media class .
The media class grew up during a period of certainty which was the Cold War .
All those famous reporters bestrode the world and told us what because everything was simple .
We knew who was wrong and who was right .
But now they do n't know anything .
They know nothing !
You might think that your password is safe - but a few minutes with Google and it can be cracked in moments
Online shopping accounts with weak passwords are at the mercy of hackers .
Photograph : Meredith Parmelee / Getty
Just as you hit the button to pay for your online purchase it happens : " First , create a username and password . "
The temptation is to pick something easy : your name , your spouse 's name , or a standard password you use everywhere .
But if the site will store your credit card details , or is one you use for banking or trading shares , think more carefully .
Passwords are a perennial problem .
They 're hard to think up , to remember and protect .
Worse , they 're not in themselves secure - your data depends on the carefulness of many strangers .
The security of the HMRC discs with the Child Benefit database lost some weeks ago - Zip - encrypted with a password - depends on the strength of that password .
Since Zip encryption uses the AES method , which the US deems good enough for officially secret documents , the HMRC files should be safe from a " brute force " attack .
But other password encryption is threatened in quite a different way .
Google 's password cracker
Last month , the security group at the University of Cambridge 's Computer Lab had its group blog , Light Blue Touchpaper ( lightbluetouchpaper.org ) , hacked via a previously unknown vulnerability in the popular blogging software Wordpress .
While cleaning up , researcher Steven Murdoch discovered a new problem : Google makes a fine password cracker .
The hacker gained access via an unused default administrator - level account .
Once in , he created another admin account for himself .
Murdoch disabled that , but got curious : what was its password ?
Basic security principles prohibit storing a list of valid usernames and passwords in clear text .
Instead , they are stored in a encrypted ( " hashed " ) form , so the list is unreadable to anyone who does gain access .
To check a password , you encrypt it and compare the result against what is stored .
Your password never resurfaces in the clear .
Wordpress encrypts passwords using a popular algorithm called MD5 , a one - way function that had turned the hacker 's password into " 20f1aeb7819d7858684c898d1e98c1bb " .
Murdoch tried cracking it , then tried a Google search on the string .
It spat back a few pages showing that the original word - the hacker 's password - was " Anthony " .
( You can try your favourite password at pajhome.org.uk/crypt/md5 / and then search Google for the result . )
The risk to the average user is that if hackers break into a database - dependent site they could be able to read off the hashes of your password , and then work back to your original password .
Murdoch points out that " salting " , which protects against this type of problem by adding random characters to each password before it 's hashed , has been known since 1978 .
Since every password can have many hashes , it 's harder to build a lookup table .
It also makes cracking passwords by brute force much slower .
However , all sorts of password - cracking assistance is readily available online to help system administrators as well as hackers .
Plus , says Robert Schifreen , author of Defeating the Hacker , given two random letters of a nine - letter password ( like banking site picklists ) you can get the rest from a crossword - solving program .
Fighting future hackers
But even well - established advice is n't always infallible .
Security consultant Eugene Spafford pointed out that the common company rule requiring users to change their passwords once a month is outdated .
That 30 - year - old policy , he said , was derived when the contractors in charge of non-networked mainframes calculated it would take several months to crack system passwords by brute force .
Several initiatives are trying to create single sign - on systems that present different passwords to each site , but require the user to know only one .
OpenID is intended for blogs and is easy to implement , while Liberty Alliance is an industry consortium working on creating strong authentication hardware and software .
Microsoft 's Cardspace , installed by default in Vista , also enables secure authentication that 's intended to be two - way .
But what happens when you 're away from your computer ?
In the longer term , authentication will move on to a second device like those banks are beginning to send out .
Murdoch works with Cronto ( cronto.com ) , which uses mobiles and other devices to generate one - time passwords .
You register your phone with your bank and enter a Pin to get a single - transaction password .
Nothing is stored , and it would foil phishing attacks - but the system is still vulnerable to real - time attacks .
Nothing 's perfect .
What makes a good password ?
The ideal password is hard to guess and easy to remember - a tough combination .
In general , do n't use a word that can be found in a dictionary : hackers use dictionary lists to generate password attacks .
Avoid well - known personal facts , such as your name , address , birthday , user ID and so on .
A couple of strategies can help .
The first is to pick a sentence that 's meaningful to you and use the first letter of each word , including punctuation .
For example : IlrtGTs ( for " I love reading the Guardian 's Technology section " ) .
Add a number - 04 ( for Thursday , the fourth day of the week , when it 's published ) : IlrtGTs04 .
Who 'll guess that ?
A second is to take two unrelated words and link them with one or more non-alphabetic characters - for example : quirky ! fun .
To make it more secure , capitalise one of the letters .
Most standard password protection advice was designed for use in companies : do n't write your password down , do n't disclose it to anyone and do n't use the same password for more than one application .
But in a domestic setting , writing down your password may be sensible , as may disclosing it to a family member in case you happen to be incapacitated .
Even some security experts reuse the same memorable , lightweight password for unimportant applications such as media sites , but unique , more secure ones for sensitive apps like online banking , brokerage sites and so on .
One solution here is to store all your passwords in a simple text file and to encrypt that file , protecting it with a password that is then the only one you have to manage : Apple 's Keychain system works like this for system - wide passwords including Wi -Fi networks and websites .
If you must use computers in public areas , pick passwords you can type quickly and accurately ( to make them harder to pick up by shoulder - surfing ) , and change them often to avoid them being copied .
· The following clarification was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Tuesday December 11 2007 .
We quoted a researcher , Steven Murdoch , as saying that the Cronto security system was vulnerable to real - time attacks .
In fact he was referring to other systems and not to Cronto , which is designed specifically to defend online transactions against real - time attacks .
Rumors swirl : Did documentary maker find bin Laden ?
Muriel Kane
Published : Friday December 7 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Morgan Spurlock , producer of the documentary Super Size Me , -- which took on America 's addiction to fast food -- has now gone after a far more elusive target : Osama bin Laden .
What 's more , speculation is growing that he might have found him .
MSNBC reports that the rumors began last winter , when Spurlock was wooing potential buyers with 15 minutes of footage from his new documentary , Where in the World is Osama bin Laden ?
Not only was the film quickly snapped up , but its director of photography has been widely quoted as saying , " We 've definitely got the Holy Grail . "
The New York Times , however , is far more skeptical , describing the film as a " comic documentary " and calling the rumors " unbelievable . "
A blog at the Guardian further points out that non-disclosure agreements like those Spurlock insisted on for his screening to buyers are common and suggests that the " Holy Grail " quote is less dramatic when taken in context : " ' We 've definitely got the Holy Grail , ' avers Spurlock 's New York - based director of photography on the project , Daniel Marracino .
' Visually , this film is just going to be gorgeous . ' "
Spurlock himself has been close - mouthed , telling the Daily News , " All I will say is that it premieres at the Sundance Film Festival on Jan. 21 . "
He was more interested in recommending his newly - opened What Would Jesus Buy ? -- calling it " possibly the greatest Christmas movie of all time . "
CRYPTOGRAPHY & SPEECH
Dr. Daniel Bernstein has some ideas about cryptography , the art and science of keeping messages secure , that he wants to share .
In particular , he wants to publish his ideas and research in an Internet discussion group named sci.crypt , as well in print .
But the Government has told Bernstein that he cannot " export " a document or source code describing the encryption system he developed , called Snuffle , without registering as an arms dealer and obtaining an arms license from the State Department .
The Government says these items are on the U.S. Munitions List and covered by the International Traffic in Arms Regulations .
But Bernstein claims the Government 's actions prevent U.S. citizens from engaging in private , electronic communications with foreign persons , and , as a practical matter , will restrict private domestic electronic communications .
Bernstein also argues that by " restricting access to the tools which allow anonymity and privacy , the government puts the communications of all of its citizens at risk . "
According to Bernstein ,
" Without cryptography , what people send via computers is the electronic equivalent of a postcards , open to view by many people while the message is in transit .
With cryptography , people can put both messages and money into electronic ' envelopes , ' secure in the knowledge that what they send is not accessible to anyone except the intended recipient .
... Continued development of cryptography promises to make it possible for the worldwide computer Internet to offer private , secure and protected communication among billions of people worldwide . "
While a Ph.D. candidate in Mathematics at the University of California at Berkeley , Daniel Bernstein worked in the field of cryptography and developed an " encryption algorithm or recipe which he calls ' Snuffle . ' "
He described Snuffle in English and in mathematical equations , as well as in the " C " computer programming language ( Snuffle.c and Unsnuffle.c ) .
Bernstein wants to publish his cryptographic ideas and research results " as part of the normal process of academic , scientific and political exchange of ideas and information , " and , in particular , in " text journals as well as in an online discussion group about the science of cryptography , called sci.crypt .
According to Bernstein , " [ a ] ware of the [ Government 's ] civil and criminal restrictions on cryptography export , [ he ] asked the Office of Defense Trade Controls ( " OTDC " ) , an arm of the State Department , to find out whether he could publish his ideas . "
He told OTDC that he wanted to export the document " The Snuffle Encryption System , " and the Snuffle.c and Unsnuffle .c source files .
Bernstein filed 5 different commodity jurisdiction requests .
OTDC determined that each of the items are on the U.S. Munitions List and covered by the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ( ITAR ) , so he may not " export " them without registering as an arms dealer and obtaining an arms license from the State Department .
Bernstein then filed a lawsuit so he might publish his own scientific ideas without such restriction .
__Bernstein v. U.S.__ , C95-00582 MHP ( N.D. Cal . )
In response , the Government asks the Court to dismiss Bernstein 's complaint .
The Government notes the Arms Export Control Act ( 17 U.S.C. Section 2778 (h ) ) expressly prohibits judicial review of the determination that cryptographic software should be designated a " defense article " on the U.S. Munitions List .
Here , snuffle 5.0 software was designated a defense article under statutory authority , " [ i ] n furtherance of world peace and the security and foreign policy of the United States . "
According to the Government , both the Arms Export Control Act and the Constitution prevent the Court from second - guessing the designation -- the question of whether an item should be placed on the Munitions List possessing nearly every trait that would render it " political . "
In addition , claims the Government ,
" No satisfactory or manageable standards exist for judicial determination of the issue , as [ the Government itself ] acknowledge[s ] the disagreement among experts as to whether [ the particular item ] belongs on the list .
Neither the courts nor the parties are privy to reports of the intelligence services on which this decision , or decisions like it , may have been based .
The consequences of uninformed judicial action could be grave .
Questions concerning what perils our nation might face at some future time and how best to guard against those perils ' are delicate , complex , and involve large elements of prophecy .
They are and should be undertaken only by those directly responsible to the people whose welfare they advance or imperil .... ' "
( Citations omitted . )
Bernstein claims the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has stated that colorable constitutional claims may be reviewed by courts despite the seemingly absolute preclusion of the Arms Export Control Act ( AECA ) .
However , he has not raised colorable claims here , asserts the Government , because ( 1 ) this case involves not " speech " covered by the First Amendment , " but the conduct of exporting a functioning defense article , " and ( 2 ) even if " speech " were incidentally involved in the State Department 's control of the export of cryptographic software , " such an incidental infringement easily passes First Amendment muster .... "
Bernstein claims the State Department seeks to regulate his right to " publish " a " scientific paper " or " to engage in academic inquiry " and " to openly discuss " ideas related to cryptography .
But , says the Government , the State Department did " no such thing . "
The State Department simply determined Bernstein cannot export his cryptographic software without an export license .
As explained by Bernstein and confirmed by the National Security Agency , Snuffle 5.0 is a functioning cryptographic product -- software capable of maintaining the secrecy or confidentiality of data .
The Government observes that " conduct " is protected by the First Amendment only if it is or could be " sufficiently imbued " with elements of communication .
The Supreme Court looks for " [ a ] n intent to convey a particularized message ... , and [ whether ] the likelihood was great that the message would be understood by those who viewed it . "
Here , export of cryptographic software is not sufficient imbued with communicative elements , says the Government , and does not " ' convey a particularized message ' to its foreign recipients . "
Despite claims this case involves Bernstein 's right to publish a paper , the Government argues that Bernstein did not submit to the State Department an academic discourse on algorithmic theories -- he submitted " source code for data encryption , along with instructions on how to make it operational on a computer so that users could have an interactive , zero - delay , encrypted conversation . "
The dissemination of Snuffle would have a functional -- not communicative -- purpose , and its designation as a defense article " does not , " therefore , " constitute the regulation of expression upon which a colorable constitutional claim may be based . "
Even if the First Amendment applied to Bernstein 's export of cryptographic software , the Government argues that " [ t ] he State Department 's commodity jurisdiction determinations do not run afoul of First Amendment principles because any impact on [ Bernstein 's ] ' speech ' would be incidental to the government 's regulation of the conduct of exporting cryptographic software . "
According to the Supreme Court , an incidental restriction on speech will be supported if ,
" ( i ) it is within the constitutional power of the government ; ( ii ) it furthers an important or substantial governmental interest ; ( iii ) the governmental interest is unrelated to the suppression of free expression ; and ( iv ) the incidental restriction on alleged First Amendment freedoms is no greater than is essential to the furtherance of that interest . "
Here , says the Government , the first two elements are readily met .
Regulation of the export of defense articles is within the power of Congress to provide for the common defense and regulate foreign commerce .
And there is a substantial governmental interest in " control [ ling ] the availability of cryptography from the United States so that critical foreign intelligence gathering functions are not harmed .... "
Further , " the determination that cryptographic software like [ S ] nuffle should be considered a ' defense article ' subject to export control ' [ i ] n furtherance of world peace and the security and foreign policy of the United States , ' 22 U.S.C. Section 2788 ( a ) ( 1 ) , is not one for courts to evaluate . "
On the third element , the Government also believes the regulation of the export of defense articles and services under ITAR ( 22 C.F.R. Subchapter M , Parts 120 - 130 ) does not suppress free expression .
The U.S. Munitions List ( USML ) and ITAR cover Snuffle software , asserts the Government , because of its function and capability to encrypt information , and is , therefore , " unrelated to the suppression of speech . "
Fourth , the Government claims the inclusion of certain cryptographic software on the USML is an incidental restriction on alleged First Amendment freedoms no greater than is essential " in furtherance of a substantial national security interest to protect the United States ' signals intelligence capabilities that are utilized to provide essential information to national security policymakers and military commanders . "
ITAR , in fact , " excludes certain cryptographic software that does not maintain data confidentiality or secrecy ( such as for data authentication and financial functions ) , as well as mass market software products with limited encryption capabilities . "
In so doing , ITAR excludes cryptographic software that does not pose a risk to national security , and " responds precisely to the substantive security problems which legitimately concern the [ Government ] . "
Looking to a decision by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals , __U.S. v. Elder Industries__ , 579 F.2d 516 ( 9th Cir. 1978 ) , the Government argues that ,
" [ I ] f the government may incidentally restrict the transmission of technical data by making it unlawful to assist a foreign national in the development of a functioning defense article , it may , consistent with the First Amendment , regulate the exportation of the functioning defense article itself , even if such regulation may , in certain cases , incidentally inhibit ' expression . ' "
To the extent Bernstein claims the Government 's actions constitute a " prior restraint " on the " publication of scientific papers , " the Government argues the claim is " the product of his own misinterpretation of the facts and the ITAR . "
According to the Government ,
" [ N ] owhere do the commodity jurisdiction determinations indicate that [ Bernstein ] is barred from publishing a scientific paper concerning the theory of [ S ] nuffle , or expressing ideas about cryptography in general .
What [ Bernstein ] cannot do is export [ S ] nuffle software without first obtaining a license from the State Department . "
Control of the export of [ S ] nuffle software does not implicate the First Amendment , says the Government , because the software functions to encrypt data and " control of its export is unrelated to any incidental restriction on expression that such an export may entail . "
Bernstein's claim the Government restrained publication of explanatory information fails , says the Government , because the State Department 's determination did not assess the explanatory information separately for export control purposes .
The Government believes Bernstein only sought a determination for [ S ] nuffle and certain technical data .
The State Department advised Bernstein that it reviewed the explanatory information only to evaluate the software .
To the extent technical data was included , the State Department advised that Bernstein would need a license to export the data if his objective were to assist a foreign person or enterprise in obtaining or developing his cryptographic software .
In response to Bernstein 's claim the AECA and ITAR violate the First Amendment on overbreadth grounds , particularly because they prevent him from " discussing or revealing his ideas in any public forum in the United States on the grounds that it might have the effect of disclosing the information contained therein to a foreign person , " the Government urges that the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has already ruled that the relevant ITAR provisions are not unconstitutionally overbroad .
Bernstein 's overbreadth claim is , therefore , foreclosed .
The Government notes that the definition of technical data under ITAR excludes " information concerning general scientific , mathematical or engineering principles commonly taught in schools , colleges , and universities , " as well as information in the " public domain . "
The Government also rejects Bernstein's claim the AECA and ITAR are impermissibly vague .
In part , the Government observes , " [t ] he definition of cryptographic software as that ' with the capability of maintaining secrecy or confidentiality ' is surely susceptible to common understanding by ' a person of ordinary intelligence . ' "
In opposition to the requested dismissal , Bernstein notes that the definition of " export " under ITAR includes " disclosing ( including oral or visual disclosure ) or transferring technical data to a foreign person , whether in the United States or abroad . "
Under this definition , says Bernstein ,
" 1. [ He ] cannot even teach his ideas to his students in a classroom without government permission , unless he ensures that none of his students is a ' foreign person . '
2. [ He ] would export his ideas if he were to disclose them at an academic conference , because said publication would surely disclose his ideas to a ' foreign person . '
3 . [ He ] would export his ideas if he were to post a message containing them to the sci.crypt newsgroup .
Export includes distributing the ideas over the Internet by posting them to internationally available newsgroups , since this might disclose them to a ' foreign person . "
Bernstein claims " he cannot even stand on a street corner and talk about his ideas , because this might ' export arms ' if a foreign person was listening . "
Bernstein agrees he cannot challenge the designation of an item on the USML , but notes his challenge is , in fact , to the constitutionality and ultra vires nature of the entire regulatory scheme , on grounds that it restrains his right to communicate without meeting the Constitutional standards for such restraints .
Here , says Bernstein , it is not conduct that ITAR restricts , but disclosure and communication .
No export license is required under ITAR to actually use encryption .
According to Bernstein , the Government is " attempting a bit of sleight - of - hand here , hoping to narrow the scope of this lawsuit . "
The Government wrongly construes the State Department 's determinations as referring only to " cryptographic software , deliberately ignoring his other submissions , and then argue that publishing ' software ' never can be protected expression . "
But , says Bernstein , the Government " did extend ... control to both the code and non-code items submitted by [ him ] . "
ITAR controls much more than encryption software .
The definition of " software " under ITAR , says Bernstein , " includes but is not limited to the system functional design , logic flow , algorithms , applications programs , operating systems and support software for design , implementation , test , operation , diagnosis and repair . "
As non -code items arguably include logic flow and algorithms that are part of Bernstein 's ideas , they could be included within the definition of " software . "
And even if non -code items do not constitute defense articles , they still may be controlled as technical data or to the extent they may furnish " assistance " to persons in the use of controlled cryptographic software .
In light of the above , Bernstein claims he has presented colorable Constitutional claims the Government 's action " constituted a prior restraint on his right to publish non -software expressions of his ideas , as well as those written in computer code . "
Bernstein notes that in a 1978 memorandum , the Justice Department concluded that " existing provisions of the ITAR are unconstitutional insofar as they establish a system of prior restraint on the disclosure of cryptographic ideas and information developed by scientists and mathematicians in the private sector . "
Bernstein explains he is a scientist and an academic who seeks to publish his ideas for scientific and academic discussion .
He seeks discussion by the worldwide community .
His communication meets the First Amendment value of the search for truth through the " marketplace of ideas . "
His desire for peer review fulfills the First Amendment value of self - expression .
Bernstein 's activities , therefore , fall within First Amendment protections for academic discourse .
Bernstein also seeks to engage in political speech .
He observes ,
" There has been considerable public debate over the role of cryptography in society and whether the government 's current regulatory scheme is appropriate .
Government agencies are major players in this debate .
When the agencies which administer laws and regulations which can act as a prior restraint are also involved in policy formulation about the same subject , there is a clear risk that these agencies may interfere with that process of political and social change , and ' raise[s ] the specter that the Government may effectively drive certain ideas or viewpoints from the marketplace . '
Here , [ Bernstein's ] speech contributes to the cryptography policy debate by demonstrating that nonrestricted hash functions are in truth as powerful as the most heavily restricted items , and that one may be easily converted to the other .
To [ Bernstein's ] audience of scientists and cryptography policymakers , his speech argues that the government 's policy is arbitrary and ineffective , rebutting the government 's public assertions to the contrary . "
The Government cannot avoid the traditional tests of prior restraints simply by labeling the publication of computer code as " conduct of export , " says Bernstein .
Here it is disclosure that is regulated .
Bernstein desires to communicate his ideas , and there must not be a Constitutionally cognizable distinction between communication of ideas in English or mathematical symbols and the communication of those ideas written in the language of computer code .
Among other things , Bernstein recalls that " software " is treated as expression under copyright law , and that the Supreme Court holds that the First Amendment prohibits the Government from restricting the languages used by its citizens .
Notably , Bernstein argues the Government 's scheme has the effect of controlling private speech by controlling the tools necessary for it .
But , " the Supreme Court has long held that the government cannot target the tools of expression in order to improperly restrict expression itself . "
Claims Bernstein ,
" The First Amendment includes the right to speak confidentially .
It prevents ' compelled speech ' , and preserves the autonomy to control one 's own speech .
It protects anonymous speech .
It prevents compelled disclosure of those with whom one associates and speaks .
It requires ... that the government allow people to speak in any language they choose .
It extends to a person 's right to communicate with foreigners .
If the government is successful here , it will undermine all of these protections .
It will prevent U.S. citizens from engaging in private , electronic communications with foreign persons .
As a practical matter , it will also restrict private domestic electronic communications .
...
By restricting access to the tools which allow anonymity and privacy , the government puts the communications of all of its citizens at risk . "
( Citations omitted . )
Bernstein argues that the Government has exceeded its authority in applying ITAR to him , as Congress " never intended that the AECA be applied to the publication academic or scholarly publication of scientific and technical information . "
Neither the statutory language nor legislative history reflect an intent to control academic publications , as noted by the Justice Department in its 1978 Memorandum .
In further detail , Bernstein argues that judicial review is not precluded under the political question doctrine , noting the Supreme Court struck an injunction against publication of the Pentagon Papers even though the Vietnam War was still in progress .
Bernstein also claims jurisdiction here is proper under the Administrative Procedures Act , 5 U.S.C. Section 704 .
Accordingly , Bernstein concludes his claims are sufficient to prove jurisdiction exists .
" Real constitutional issues are at stake ; [ Bernstein's ] communication , not his conduct was restrained .
...
The appropriate test for judging the prior restraint of [ Bernstein's ] speech here is laid out in the Pentagon Papers case : whether publication of the items ' will surely result in direct , immediate and irreparable damage to our Nation or its people . ' "
CyberLaw ( tm ) is published solely as an educational service .
The author , a California attorney , is Executive Editor of LEXIS COUNSEL CONNECT CALIFORNIA .
He may be contacted at cyberlaw.us@counsel.com or cyberlaw@cyberlaw.com .
Questions and comments may be posted on America Online ( go to keyword " CYBERLAW " ) or CyberLaw World Wide ( http://www. cyberlaw.com / ) , made possible with support from Best Internet Communications , Inc. ( ph. 415/964-2378 ) .
CyberLaw is a trademark of Jonathan Rosenoer .
Copyright © 1995 Jonathan Rosenoer ; All Rights Reserved .
For the past week , controversy has rocked the game news media -- a controversy that originated here at GameSpot .
The affair began last Wednesday when near - 11 - year veteran reviewer Jeff Gerstmann 's tenure as editorial director ended .
In keeping with the human - resources procedures of GameSpot parent company CNET Networks and in accordance with California State Law , no public comment was initially made about his departure .
In the void of information that followed , numerous conspiracy theories sprang up .
First and foremost was that , as a result of pressure from publisher Eidos Interactive , GameSpot terminated Gerstmann because of his review of the multiplatform game Kane & Lynch : Dead Men .
The game was released on November 13 , 2007 for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .
( The PC version of the game was released on November 20 , but has not yet been reviewed . )
Hundreds of reports pointed to the fact that the Kane & Lynch video review was pulled and the text review 's copy was altered as evidence substantiating this hypothesis .
In many readers ' eyes , the fact that the entire GameSpot site was " skinned " with advertisements promoting Kane & Lynch all but confirmed the theory behind his firing .
In the gaming press , the subsequent furor has been dubbed " Gerstmanngate . "
Due to legal restrictions and corporate HR policy , GameSpot could not initially comment on Gerstmann 's departure .
Though the site officially addressed the issue on Monday , the full story behind his exit could not be told - - until now .
In the spirit of full disclosure to our readership , GameSpot News has been provided the following answers by management to the questions below regarding the circumstances surrounding Gerstmann 's exit .
Q : Was Jeff fired ?
A : Jeff was terminated on November 28 , 2007 , following an internal review process by the managerial team to which he reported .
Q : Why was Jeff fired ?
A : Legally , the exact reasons behind his dismissal cannot be revealed .
However , they stemmed from issues unrelated to any publisher or advertiser ; his departure was due purely for internal reasons .
Q : Why was the Kane & Lynch review text altered ?
A : Jeff 's supervisors and select members of the edit team felt the review 's negativity did not match its " fair " 6.0 rating .
The copy was adjusted several days after its publication so that it better meshed with its score , which remained unchanged .
The achievements and demerits it received were also left unaltered .
Additionally , clarifications were made concerning the game 's multiplayer mode and to include differences between the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions of the game .
Q : Why was the Kane & Lynch video review taken down ?
A : Both the text and video reviews of Kane & Lynch went up on Tuesday , November 13 .
The morning of Wednesday , November 14 , the video was taken down due to concerns of quality .
Specifically , its audio was deemed inferior due to a faulty microphone .
There were also concerns about the limited amount of footage , which was unrepresentative of the game in the review .
Q : Why was n't the video immediately reposted ?
A : Due to the crush of high - profile games being released the following week , there were insufficient resources to reshoot and re-edit the video review .
Q : Why has n't the video review been reposted since the " Gerstmanngate " controversy broke ?
A : A determination was made by GameSpot Live , GameSpot 's multimedia division , that reposting it would seem reactive and might exacerbate an inflamed situation .
However , in the spirit of full disclosure , it has since been reposted , and is viewable on the site in its original form ( See above ) .
For those who want to be sure that it has not been altered after the fact , the video review is also available on YouTube for comparison purposes .
Q : Was Eidos Interactive upset by the game 's review ?
A : It has been confirmed that Eidos representatives expressed their displeasure to their appropriate contacts at GameSpot , but not to editorial directly .
It was not the first time a publisher has voiced disappointment with a game review , and it wo n't be the last .
However , it is strict GameSpot policy never to let any such feelings result in a review score to be altered or a video review to be pulled .
Q : Did Eidos ' disappointment cause Jeff to be terminated ?
A : Absolutely not .
Q : Did Eidos ' disappointment cause the alteration of the review text ?
A : Absolutely not .
Q : Did Eidos ' disappointment lead to the video review being pulled down ?
A : Absolutely not .
Q : Why was GameSpot " skinned " with Kane & Lynch ads when Jeff was terminated ?
A : Due to design and development considerations , media buys on GameSpot are made weeks in advance .
The timing of said ads was extremely unfortunate but was purely coincidental and determined solely by the game 's release date of November 13 , 2007 .
Q : Why did the Kane & Lynch ads disappear from GameSpot right as the " Gerstmanngate " controversy began to heat up ?
A : Advertising sales on GameSpot are sold by the day .
The end of the Kane & Lynch " skin " promotion had been predetermined long beforehand .
Internal documentation filed before the review appeared shows that the site skin was scheduled to run from November 17 to 29 , 2007 .
Site - wide ad campaigns automatically change at midnight , hence the " skin " being removed after hours .
Q : Was Jeff 's termination somehow tied to the departure of former GameSpot Live managing producer Tim Tracy ?
A : No . Tim and Jeff are childhood friends and had been colleagues until Tim transferred over to other CNET Networks Entertainment properties .
His exit was completely unrelated .
Q : Why did n't GameSpot write about Jeff 's departure sooner ?
A : Due to HR procedures and legal considerations , unauthorized CNET Networks and GameSpot employees are forbidden from commenting on the employment status of current and former employees .
This practice has been in effect for years , and the CNET public - relations department stuck to that in the days following Jeff 's termination .
However , the company is now making an exception due to the widespread misinformation that has spread since Jeff 's departure .
Q : When will the PC version of Kane & Lynch be reviewed ?
A : We have n't decided when that will happen .
Q : GameSpot 's credibility has been called into question as a result of this incident .
What is being done to repair and rebuild it ?
A : This article is one of the first steps toward restoring users ' faith in GameSpot , and an internal review of the incident and controversy is under way .
However , at no point in its history has GameSpot ever deviated from its review guidelines , which are publicly listed on the site .
Great pains are taken to keep sales and editorial separated to prevent any impression of impropriety .
For years , GameSpot has been known for maintaining the highest ethical standards and having the most reliable and informative game reviews , previews , and news on the Web .
The colleagues and friends that Jeff leaves behind here at GameSpot intend to keep it that way .
For a special report on Jeff Gerstmann 's dismissal and a tribute to his legacy , tune in tomorrow to GameSpot 's weekly live webcast , On the Spot .
For a personal look at Gerstmann 's exit , listen to the latest HotSpot podcast in which host Vincent Caravella discusses the controversial event with longtime Gerstmann colleagues Ricardo Torres , Ryan MacDonald , Alex Navarro , and Ryan Davis .
Is Mr Blair ready to hand over the baton to Mr Brown ?
Mr Blair says he will announce his resignation next week , after which he will stay as PM for about seven weeks until Labour chooses his successor .
He has so far refused to formally endorse Mr Brown as the next PM .
He made his prediction while campaigning in Scotland on the 10th anniversary of being elected to power .
Mr Brown , who helped create New Labour with Mr Blair , is not now expected to face a high level challenge for the leadership .
Mr Blair has said he will leave No 10 by September , but there has been speculation about the precise timing of his departure .
Speculation dampened
There had been predictions he would use his 10th anniversary to announce he was stepping down .
But he moved , earlier on Tuesday , to dampen that speculation , telling GMTV : " I 'll make my position clear next week , I 'll say something definitive then . "
We were perhaps too ready to place emphasis on our management of the media in those early years of government
Peter Mandelson
Send us your comments Blair 's ' exit plan '
But later on Tuesday morning he used an election rally instead to suggest Mr Brown would be his successor within a matter of weeks .
He told party workers : " In all probability a Scot will become prime minister of the United Kingdom , someone who has built our economy into one of the strongest in the world , and who , as I have said many times before , would make a great prime minister for Britain . "
Stormy relationship
Mr Blair would not be drawn on which day next week , which includes a Bank Holiday Monday , his official resignation statement would be made .
Speculation has focused on Wednesday or Thursday , after the planned resumption of power sharing in Northern Ireland - seen as one of the biggest achievements of Mr Blair 's time in office .
According to press reports , Mr Blair will use his retirement announcement to formally endorse Mr Brown 's leadership bid - in a final act of reconciliation with the chancellor , with whom he has enjoyed a stormy relationship .
Mr Brown has , meanwhile , heaped praise on Mr Blair in an article to mark his 10 years in power .
Writing in The Sun newspaper , Mr Brown said he was " honoured " to call Mr Blair his " oldest friend in politics " , while admitting there had been " ups and downs " along the way .
He praises Mr Blair for standing shoulder to shoulder with America after the 11 September attacks , for bringing the 2012 Olympics to London , his role in the Northern Ireland peace process and his handling of the death of Diana , Princess of Wales .
And - in a further sign of an impending Brown coronation - EU Trade Commissioner and key Blair ally Peter Mandelson predicted the chancellor would succeed Mr Blair in Number 10 .
" In all probability , Gordon Brown will follow Tony Blair .
He will now have been able to fulfil his ambition and his desire to lead the party and be prime minister , " he said .
Media management
Mr Mandelson , who was one of the key architects of New Labour , also admitted the party focused too much on media management during its first years in office .
The former Northern Ireland secretary said it was not until late in the first term that Mr Blair concentrated more on policies .
This can hardly be what Tony Blair dreamt of saying on this historic day
BBC political editor Nick Robinson
Read Nick 's thoughts in full
" We were perhaps too ready to place emphasis on our management of the media in those early years of government , rather than concentrate on a more policy driven process , " said Mr Mandelson .
He added : " I acknowledge it , but I think it was put right after the first few years . "
The prospect of a Cabinet - level challenge to Mr Brown has all but disappeared but he could still face a contest with either John McDonnell or Michael Meacher from the left of the party .
' Disappointment '
In a speech earlier , Mr Blair said 10 years of Labour government have left the UK stronger , fairer and better .
But Conservative Leader David Cameron , giving his reaction to Mr Blair 's 10th anniversary , said : " Tony Blair 's time as prime minister started with great hope but has ended with disappointment .
" Tony Blair will be remembered as a successful party leader but not as a good prime minister . "
Lib Dem leader Sir Menzies Campbell said : " I would give him four out of 10 for the performance of this government , considering all the hope there was .
In the last five years they have been a disappointment . "
He added : " Whatever else were Mr Blair achievements ...
Iraq will follow him into retirement . "
On the prospect of a Brown premiership , Sir Menzies said : " People are waiting with some apprehension to see whether he will be a genuinely reforming prime minister , or whether what he does will be subject to the same media manipulation as the Blair government . "
US intelligence agency uses Jordan for torture of prisoners
By Joe Kay
8 December 2007
The revelation that the CIA organized the destruction of videotapes documenting the interrogation of prisoners at secret CIA detention facilities abroad has focused attention on one aspect of the US torture program .
Another important component is the policy of “ extraordinary rendition ” — the transfer of prisoners to the control of other countries that specialize in torture .
One of the countries that has been most frequently used by the CIA in this way is Jordan , a key US ally in the Middle East .
An article in the Washington Post published on Saturday ( “ Jordan ’s Spy Agency : Holding Cell for the CIA ” by Craig Whitlock ) documents the close relationship that has developed over the past seven years .
According to the Post , “ The General Intelligence Department , or GID , is perhaps the CIA ’s most trusted partner in the Arab world .
The Jordanian agency has received money , training and equipment from the CIA for decades and even has a public English - language web site , ” the newspaper reports .
“ The relationship has deepened in recent years , with US officials praising their Jordanian counterparts for the depth of their knowledge regarding al - Qaeda and other Islamic networks . ”
Despite official denials , however , the main benefit of the Jordan state is that it tortures — and with abandon .
The Post notes in characteristically understated language that the GID was “ attractive for another reason ” : “ Its interrogators had a reputation for persuading tight - lipped suspects to talk , even if that meant using abusive tactics that could violate US or international law . ”
One of the prisoners who has been subject to this fate is Al - Haj Addu Ali Sharqawi , a prisoner originally from Yemen .
Sharqawi was captured in Pakistan in February 2002 , transferred to Jordan , transferred to an undisclosed CIA - run prison 19 months later , and eventually transferred to Guantánamo in February 2004 .
Throughout this period , he has never been charged with a crime , and there is little prospect that he will any time soon .
The US Supreme Court heard oral arguments in a case earlier this week that will determine whether prisoners at Guantánamo Bay have the right to challenge their detention in US courts .
Sharqawi describes his ordeal in a written document that was obtained by the Post : “ I was kidnapped , not knowing anything of my fate , with continuous torture and interrogation for the whole of two years .
When I told them the truth , I was tortured and beaten . ”
The Post does not indicate why Sharqawi was originally arrested .
The newspaper writes , however , “ He was threatened with sexual abuse and electrocution while in Jordan .
He also said he was hidden from officials of the International Committee of the Red Cross during their visits to inspect Jordanian prisons . ”
Jordan has become notorious for torturing prisoners captured by the government that represent a threat to its interests .
“ Former prisoners have reported that their captors were expert in two practices in particular : falaqa , or beating suspects on the soles of their feet with a truncheon and then , often forcing them to walk barefoot and bloodied across a salt - covered floor ; and farruj , or the ‘ grilled chicken , ’ in which prisoners are handcuffed behind their legs , hung upside down by a rod placed between their knees , and beaten . ”
In July 2006 , Amnesty International issued a report noting the “ systematic torture of political suspects ” in Jordan .
The report documented the cases of dozens of individuals tortured in Jordan , among whom were 10 believed to have been sent to Jordan by the United States .
Malcolm Smart , director of Amnesty International ’s Middle East and North Africa Programme , described the cooperation of the US and Jordan as follows : “ Jordan appears to be a central hub in a global complex of secret detention centers operated by the US in coordination with foreign intelligence agencies .
It is into this complex that suspects ‘ disappear ’ — and are held for interrogation indefinitely , outside any legal or administrative process . ”
The tapes destroyed by the CIA documented only a small component of a network of prisons and interrogations facilities set up by the US government and its allies .
Most of the abuse is never recorded in the first place .
The full Washington Post article can be found here
The Amnesty International report can be found here
Did that mean Square push that poor Circle down the hill ?
Yes — and Baby is n’t about to forget it , either .
In a study that suggests that people may begin evaluating one another for trustworthiness even earlier than believed , researchers showed infants a demonstration in which different shapes played the good guy or the bad guy .
Then the infants were allowed to choose one to play with .
The good guy won almost every time .
In the case of Circle , a small wooden character with big eyes , that would be Triangle , who helped him when he was struggling up the hill — not Square , who gave him a good shove back down .
Image Credit ... Stuart Goldenberg
Of course , when the roles were reversed and Triangle was cast as the hinderer , as the researchers called him , the infants preferred Square .
( The shapes were moved by a researcher out of the sight of the infants . )
The days of a guaranteed pain - free visit to the dentist may not be far off thanks to a petite Japanese woman in a pink sweater who goes by the name of Simroid .
She has a limited vocabulary and a strange complexion , but the 160 cm - tall humanoid robot is happy to feel your pain .
Simroid , who will be used at medical colleges , releases a clearly audible " ouch ! " whenever a trainee dentist touches a nerve and a reassuring " that 's better " when the drill hits the right spot .
" We want to use the robots to train students in medical techniques that do n't cause unnecessary pain , " said Naotake Shubui , a professor at Nippon Dental University who helped develop Simroid .
The robot is one of hundreds of cutting - edge devices and contraptions on display this week at the world 's biggest robot exhibition .
The Big Sight complex in Tokyo has been turned into a shrine to Japan 's fascination with machines , shaping their purpose in an age of falling birthrates and shrinking workforces .
Decades after they revolutionised production lines , robots could soon be serving tea to office workers or directing shoppers .
In a reassuringly benign variation on the scenarios beloved of sci - fi filmmakers , today 's robots look , and act , like the well - intentioned humans who invented them .
In Japan , robots can already be found working as home helps , office receptionists and security guards , as well as on the factory floor .
There were more than 370,000 industrial robots in use in Japan in 2005 , according to a report by Macquarie bank , 40 % of the world total , with 32 robots for every 1,000 manufacturing workers .
The economy ministry calculates that the Japanese robot market will be worth more than £ 26bn by 2025 .
There are compelling economic reasons for Japan 's obsession with robots .
The population recently went into long - term decline and a reduced workforce is expected to struggle to fill jobs in the health and welfare sectors .
As long as Japanese leaders remain cautious about relaxing immigration laws , robots will be seen as at least part of the solution .
Even the job of the nightwatchman , once the preserve of semi-retired salarymen , is being turned over to robots such as Alsok 's Reborg - Q , a Dalek - like invention whose sensors and 360 - degree vision enable it to detect intruders or fires .
" The potential for service robots is huge , " said Alsok spokesman Koji Shigeta .
" They not only fill a gap , but perform functions that humans are simply unable to do , like keep watch over the same spot for hours on end . "
Alsok 's clients , who pay 380,000 yen ( £ 1,680 ) a month to rent a security robot , credit their robocops with a fall in petty crime on their premises , Shigeta said .
Human endeavour is being supplemented - and even replaced - by mechanical efficiency in almost every area , from hands - free vacuum cleaners and golf - bag carriers to a robotic baby who teaches childcare skills to expectant couples , right down to freeing trapped wind and changing nappies .
Few aspects of daily life are unaffected , even those considered most private .
In the next couple of years , a robot called Lady Bird will be put to use cleaning public lavatories ; she is equipped with sensors and speech - recognition technology to avoid any embarrassing encounters .
But many believe the age of the service robot will truly have arrived once machines are capable of connecting with humans on an emotional level .
Judging by the Tokyo exhibition , that process has already begun .
Tocco-chan , for example , serves the sole purpose of making people laugh .
The panda - like toy , developed by students at Waseda University , scans its companion 's face for the traces of a smile and attempts to provoke a proper laugh with a fit of giggles of its own .
Instead of talking to themselves , people who live alone can have an uncomplaining housemate in the form of Chapit , a mouse - shaped device that chats in several languages and uses a speech - triggered remote control function to turn on kettles , TVs and other appliances .
Inevitably , service robots do not always do as they are told , although their makers blame malfunctions on nothing more sinister than technical glitches .
Hitachi's long - awaited EMIEW 2 , which is designed to carry out office work , crashed into a desk during a recent demonstration after wireless internet traffic interfered with his signals .
And although Mr Cube , a robot with dextrous hands developed by Kawasaki , can complete the Rubik 's cube , his time of about five minutes is some way off the world record of 9.77 seconds - held by a human .
LAST week , I stumbled across a short item at a site called Mashable.com , which described how one of Facebook ’s most popular programs allows users to give each other virtual Naughty Gifts .
This raised obvious questions like , what sorts of naughty gifts ?
I clicked on a link , and on - screen appeared a pair of thigh - high black platform boots along with a statement that the program had 149,421 daily users who send one another digital replicas of foil - wrapped condoms , black thongs and cans of something called Mr. Whipped Cream .
Who were these users whose attraction to furry handcuffs has earned Naughty Gifts a spot among the 50 most popular of the site ’s programs ?
I scrolled down .
I saw , under the heading “ Friends who have added this application , ” photos of three people I knew .
All three were teenagers .
Two were my offspring .
“ Oh , my God , ” I said , alarming my husband , who was working at home .
Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice refers to the lack of legal accountability that allows mercenaries working for the American government to kill Iraqis without fear of prosecution as “ a lacuna ” in our law .
Ms. Rice is correct , if disingenuous .
The gap was created by the very administration she serves  in a decree issued three years ago by its occupation administrator , Paul Bremer , who granted legal immunity to foreign private contractors .
And the Iraqi government is understandably in a hurry to correct the mistake .
On Tuesday , the cabinet agreed on draft legislation to revoke the decree .
Washington , however , also needs to address the problem .
The administration should withdraw all of these private armies from Iraq , and while it does that , Congress must act swiftly to ensure that American justice applies to all those who remain .
Baghdad ’s attempt to prosecute United States mercenaries for crimes against Iraqis is not unreasonable .
Fuming after Blackwater agents contracted by the State Department mowed down 17 Iraqis in Baghdad on Sept. 16 , Iraqis were incensed when they found out that State Department agents investigating the incident offered the guards a form of immunity from prosecution under American law .
A little bit of precaution can go a long way , especially when it comes to your finances .
An emergency fund is the perfect tool to help you handle any expensive repairs , bills , and other surprises .
You do n’t have to panic about the costs , wondering if you ’ll need to take out a loan or beg your friend for an IOU .
You can just dip into your fund and solve the problem right away .
How to Make an Emergency Fund :
The good news is that building an emergency fund is easy .
You just need to cut some costs in your budget and add the savings to an account , adding a little bit more every week .
Over time , you ’ll build a comfortable fund that you can use whenever trouble strikes .
Here are some of the ways that you can add more wiggle room to your budget :
Use the library to read new books
Make energy - saving changes around the house to trim down bills
Cancel unused subscriptions
Focus on homecooked meals over takeout
Avoid impulse buys and shopping for fun
How to Build a Fund When You ’re Paying Off Debt :
It can be difficult to know how much to budget over the next 5 years for your emergency fund when you ’re struggling to pay off debt .
If that ’s the case , you should seek out a licensed insolvency trustee and sign up for credit counselling .
Credit counselling can help you improve your debt management , credit use and budgeting so that you can achieve your financial goals .
You can get a better handle of your debt and your emergency fund efforts at the same time .
Do n’t dismiss an emergency fund as a distraction from your debt repayment .
You ’ll want to have some interest - free funds set aside to deal with surprise expenses .
You wo n’t have to take out a loan , max out a credit card or skip payments to cover the costs .
With this fund , you wo n’t be compelled to dig yourself into deeper debt to solve a problem .
How Much Should You Have in Your Emergency Fund ?
To start , you should have enough to cover small situations like a flat tire , a plumbing repair , or a dentist visit .
Having approximately $ 1000 in your account will be enough to deal with these circumstances .
As you continue saving , you should aspire to have between three to six months ’ worth of expenses inside of your fund .
This will help with serious situations like job loss or illness .
Emergency Funds Are Rare
Do n’t feel too guilty about not having an emergency fund on hand .
You ’re not the only one who has skipped out on this financial safety net .
According to a poll by Manulife Bank , 24 % of respondents did n’t know how much they had saved in their emergency fund , and 9 % had $ 1000 or less .
A whopping 14 % of respondents admitted to having no emergency funds whatsoever , leaving them vulnerable to any expense outside of their monthly budget .
It ’s understandable that so many people skip out on these savings .
They ’re too focused on organizing their budget for their weekly needs , paying down their debts and planning for other future goals like post - secondary education or retirement .
There ’s no telling when you ’ll get hit with an expensive surprise .
You might as well start protecting yourself now and work on an emergency fund .
Hacking the Hacks Dutch Government Admits Spying on News Agency
The Dutch government has admitted that its bureaucrats spied on a news agency using employees ' passwords .
The agency 's editor - in - chief accuses the ministry of trying to influence its reporting .
When I first removed my new black video iPod out of the box , I could n’t help wondering at the elegance of the design and the nobility of the materials used by Apple .
Nevertheless , such beauty comes with a high purchasing price and maintenance risk , and I realized that my investment needed protection .
Thus , before even switching on my newly acquired device , I ran to the nearest computer shop and purchased a silicon case with a plastic front shield , the one that seemed the most resistant .
Although I was happy I ’d be able to keep my iPod shiny and scratch free for a prolonged period of time , I also realized the absurdity of the situation .
While preserving the aesthetic look of my iPod , I was taking away the very sight of it ’s beauty .
In fact , I was n’t any different from those people who wrap up their remote controls or their furniture with nasty plastic sheets to keep them safe from wear and tear .
A couple of years later , when I watched Apple ’s Keynote and the iPhone ’s introduction , I thought the problem is here to stay .
This time it was even worse because the whole front side is a touch screen .
Since the new device is a phone , it would be confronted to increased usage inside pockets or handbags .
Apparently , as the video below reveals , Apple has finally decoded the curse that lies upon external beauty .
They understood that beauty deteriorates when exposed but its essence is to be seen .
As a matter of fact , iPhone customers will enjoy a screen that is
scratch free and a phone that is crash proof .
This time I wo n’t need to rush to the shops to buy the latest iPhone casing .
Check out the video ( by PCÂ World ) Â to see for yourself .
Pilfering Pocket Money German Bank Worker Raided Kids ' Piggy Banks
A bank cashier has been caught stealing from children aged between one and nine .
They handed her their piggy banks full of pocket money and she credited their savings accounts with less than was in them .
The case has shattered the children 's faith in banking .
しかし 野首さん を見ていると、何だか自分ももう少しやれそうな気がして、 勇気がわくのでありました。 でも、お互い、あんまり無理はしないようにしましょうと言いたくもなったり...
もう精神的に疲れ果てて、 全然他のことをやる気がおきません。 せめて中の人ぐらいは面倒かけないでくださいと言いたくなります。
これだけだと気を悪くする中の人がいそうな心配があるので、
ちょっといいことも書いておきます。
人は、何か自分がやってないことや、やれそうにないことをやっている人を見ると、
すごい、自分もやってみたいと賛同の意思を示す人もいる一方で、
この人は自分とは格が違うのだとみなす人もいます。
しかし、果して本当にそうなのでしょうか。
もちろん、本当にそうだと言える場合もあるでしょうけれど、
それほど悲観するほど世間の人々に先天的な差異が存在するわけではないという気もします。
では、一体人が新しいことをやってみない背景にはどういったことが考えられるのでしょうか。
現状に至極満足しているので、新しいことをやる必要性を感じない。
私は個人主義的な考え方をするので、本人がそのままでいいと思っているなら、それで全く構わないし、他人が口出しすべきではないと思っています。だから、この場合は、それでいいのだと考えます。
新しいことに興味を感じない。 現状に満足しているわけではないのにもかかわらず、新しいことにやる気を感じないとしたら、それはかなり悲しいことだと思います。新しいことをやったからといって、必ずしも今より良くなるとは限らないわけですけど、少なくともやるだけのことはやったという満足感が得られるはずですから、そこに関心が持てないのは、後ろ向きだと感じられます。
新しいことが恐ろしい。 誰でも、新しいことは未知の世界に踏み出すという意味で、大なり小なり恐怖心を感じさせるものです。しかし、多くの場合、このような恐れは形而上的な理由以上のものは何もなくて、一歩踏み出してみれば、雲散霧消してしまう程度のものです。そこに必要なのは、ちょっぴりの勇気と大いなる興味なんだと思います。
新しいことをやって、失敗するのが恥ずかしい。
慣れていないことをやる以上、新しくないことより難しいのは当然のことであって、問題は自分が太刀打ちできないほど難しいかもしれないということだと思います。もちろん、太刀打ちできないかもしれません。しかし、そればかりはやってみないと本当のことはよくわかりません。実のところ、人間はちょっとばかり難しいことに挑戦してみて、その過程で成長して、そして乗り越えることで進歩するものです。仮に失敗したとしても、そこで得られるものが何もないということはありません。逆に、何も挑戦しないで成長できないことの方が、長い目で見れば恥ずかしいことかもしれません。
私自身は、とても新しいことが好きです。 その度、自分ができそうだと思うところから選ぶことはあんまりありません。
選んだところから、自分ができるようにしたことは何度もあります。
もちろん、できるようになれなかったこともあります。
しかし、自分が挑戦しなかったことで後悔したことならありますが、
挑戦して失敗して後悔したことはありません。
少なくとも、挑戦する精神力をもったことに誇りを感じることができましたし、自分の能力の限界や適性をよりよく理解することができたからです。
逆にマンネリがとても苦手です。 同じことばかりやっていると、気が滅入ってきます。
自分の成長が止まることをとても恐ろしく感じます。
もちろん、どう考えるかは人それぞれです。 みんなが自分のような生き方をするべきだとは、これっぽっちも思ってません。
しかし、自分のように新しいことに躊躇せず立ち向かおうとする人を応援したくなります。
私はそういう人が好きだし、頼もしく感じています。
今挑戦を続けている人はそのまま頑張ってほしいし、
今はしていないけど挑戦する意志を持っている人は是非一歩を踏み出してほしいと思います。
また漠然とした話になってしまいましたが、 伝わる人には伝わると思うので。
Form-ing web continuations , or asking several questions at once
In the ICFP 2000 paper
The influence of browsers on evaluators or , continuations to program web servers Christian Queinnec offered a compelling view of web interactions as browsers ’ operating on continuations of server computations .
He exhorted web application programmers to use first - class continuations to write interactive ( web ) programs in direct style .
“ Instead of thinking in terms of state and transitions from page to page , we propose an alternative view where a program is suspended and resumed , continuations automatically reifying the state of the computation . ”
The popular introductory example of a dynamic web page asking for two numbers and showing their difference can be programmed essentially as get_int " n1 " - get_int " n2 " .
The library function get_int should make a web form and embed into it some representation of the current continuation .
The continuation is resumed when the form is submitted .
The above web program appears conventional ( with inputs seemingly coming from a “ file ” ) relieving the programmer from worrying about page transitions and state maintenance .
This style also makes dynamic pages do the right thing when the user pushes the “ Back ” or “ Forward ” buttons one or more times , or bookmarks a form and comes back to it later .
Queinnec ’s paper proved influential and has inspired the development of many continuation - based servers : Yahoo ’s query : continuation - based web servers
The original approach was restricted in that the answers were solicited one - by - one .
When running our example get_int " n1 " - get_int " n2 " , the server sends a web form asking the user for the first number .
After that form is submitted , the server sends the next form asking for the second number .
Upon submission of the latter , the web page with the answer is generated .
We observe that the two questions are independent and could have been asked together .
The notable benefit of bundling the questions is reducing the traffic between the server and the browser and resources for storing continuations .
Most of the forms on the web typically contain more than one question .
This message presents a uniform mechanism for flexible and automatic bundling of questions into forms .
We still write our server code essentially as get_int " n1 " - get_int " n2 " .
Our library automatically groups the questions into one web form .
The library takes care of parsing multiple responses , matching them with the questions and validating the replies .
Should some inputs turn invalid , the library automatically generates an error form with the questions , the given answers and the corresponding error messages , asking the user to edit the answers and re-submit the form .
The error handling is automatic and transparent for the servlet .
Our mechanism relies on call - by - need : the library delays asking questions until their answers are demanded .
When a question really needs to be answered , the library collects all outstanding questions , makes a web form and sends it to the client as the response of the server computation so far .
When the form is submitted and the computation resumes , the library parses all the replies and stores them for future answer demands .
Since our particular implementation language ( OCaml ) is strict , call - by - need is not automatic :
The programmer does have to write Lazy . force explicitly .
The type system ensures that the programmer does not forget the forcing , thus making the data dependencies apparent .
OCaml type checker will tell the programmer the points where a value is demanded .
The programmer should insert Lazy . force there – or at some earlier point , if the programmer so chooses .
If the programmer forces the answer after asking each question , we get back the sequential behavior of asking questions one - by - one .
Our framework may be regarded as a different mode of composing questions : not serially ( one - after - another ) but in parallel .
A follow - up message will draw the correspondence with monads ( which embody sequential composition ) and arrows .
Note on examples
To fully demonstrate our approach we need a web browser and a continuation web server .
Although many such servers exist , they are not fully compatible , may require special privileges to install and may conflict with the web server already installed on readers ’ computers .
That makes it impractical to demonstrate any real servlets .
Therefore , we emulate web interactions by those at the OCaml top level prompt .
To invoke a server computation , rather than entering a URL into a web browser , we type the corresponding expression at the prompt .
When the computation finishes , the top level prints its result ( in the “ natural ” rather than HTML format ) .
The result , which may be a “ web form ” , can be “ bookmarked ” ( that is , bound to a top - level variable ) and then reinvoked none or many times .
Our emulation thus captures all attributes of web interactions : taking turns , interactivity , back - and - forth navigation , bookmarking .
The complete OCaml code for this article is available at http://okmij.org/ftp/ML/ask-by-need.ml
Warm - up : asking questions one - by - one
As a warm - up and the illustration of our “ web interactions ” and for contrast with the next section , we reproduce here the standard example of using continuations for web programming : we ask the user for two integers n1 and n2 and send the “ page ” showing their difference .
Each question comes on its own “ form ” .
This is essentially the example from the Queinnec paper ( only he used currency conversion ) .
First we define the type of “ web pages ” shown to the user
type 'a req = |
Done of ' a | Req of string * ( string -> ' a req )
One should read the value Done x as if it were a web page showing the result x .
If the “ server ” computation gave the result Req str k , imagine it were a web form containing the string str , with the continuation k embedded as a hidden form parameter .
We should use the procedure answer req reply_str to “ submit ” such a form .
The servlet library is so simple that we can show the whole code .
let topp = new_prompt ( ) let run th = push_prompt topp th (* how to run the servlet *)
The servlet calls exit v to send the “ final web page ” with the computed answer :
let exit v = abort topp ( Done v ) ; ;
The following is a procedure to ask a question .
The second argument is the conversion function , from string to the desired reply type .
The function may raise an exception Scanf .
Scan_failure if the conversion fails .
The library then repeats the question .
let question ( str:string ) cnv = let rec loop errstr = let ans = shift topp ( fun k -> Req ( ( errstr ^ str ) , k ) ) in try cnv ans with Scanf .
Scan_failure e -> loop e in loop " "
A sample conversion function , to convert user ’s answer to an int :
let read_int ( str : string ) : int = Scanf.sscanf str " %i " ( fun x -> x )
If req is a “ web form ” sent by a “ server computation ” , we should use answer req reply_str to “ submit ” the form with our reply .
let answer ( Req ( _ , k ) ) reply_str = k reply_str ; ;
Here is the servlet itself , asking for two numbers and computing their difference :
let test1 ( ) = let n1 = question " Enter 1st number " read_int in let n2 = question " Enter 2nd number " read_int in exit ( n1 - n 2 ) ; ;
Let us show a sample interaction ( the replies from the server are indented )
We type the test1 “ URL ” and get the form in reply
let it = run test1 val it : int req = Req ( " Enter 1st number " , < fun > ) let bookmark1 = it ; ; let it = answer it " 456 " ; ; (* Submit the web form , get another one *) val it : int req = Req ( " Enter 2nd number " , < fun > ) let it = answer it " 123 " ; ; (* Submit it too , get the answer *) val it : int req =
Done 333 let it = answer bookmark1 " 111 " ; ; (* Go back to bookmarked form 1 *) val it : int req = Req ( " Enter 2nd number " , < fun > ) let it = answer it " xyz " ; ; (*
If the answer is unacceptable , we are *) (* asked to repeat it *) val it : int req = Req ( " scanf : bad input at char number 1 : xEnter 2nd number " , < fun > ) let it = answer it " 10 " ; ; val it : int req = Done 101
Asking several questions at once : ask - by - need
Let us now show the code that uses the extended servlet library , which asks questions lazily .
First we reproduce the old sequential behavior : we force the answer right after asking a question :
let test21 ( ) = let n1 = Lazy.force ( question " Enter 1st number " read_int ) in let n2 = Lazy. force ( question " Enter 2nd number " read_int ) in exit ( n1 - n 2 ) ; ;
Not surprisingly , the servlet test21 behaves exactly as test1 above .
We now demonstrate the asking several questions at once .
We insert Lazy . force only where the typechecker tells us to , but not earlier .
We emulate call - by - need .
let test2 ( ) = let n1 = question " Enter 1st number " read_int in let n2 = question " Enter 2nd number " read_int in exit ( Lazy.force n1 - Lazy.force n 2 ) ; ;
If we “ enter the URL ” , we see the form with two questions
let bm2 = run ( fun ( ) -> topqq test2 ) ; ; val bm2 : int req = Req ( " Enter 2nd number : ; Enter 1st number : ; Needed 2 answers .
Separate with & character " , < fun > ) let it = answer bm2 " xxx " ; ; val it : int req = Req ( " incorrect number of ansEnter 2nd number : ; Enter 1st number : ; Needed 2 answers .
Separate with & character " , < fun > )
Below , both numbers failed validation , and so two error messages are given :
let it = answer it " xxx&aaa " ; ; val it : int req = Req ( " Enter 2nd number : scanf : bad input at char number 1 : x in xxx ; Enter 1st number : scanf : bad input at char number 1 : a in aaa ; Needed 2 answers .
Separate with & character " , < fun > )
If one number was acceptable , we still include it into the error form :
let it = answer it " xxx &123 " ; ; val it : int req = Req ( " Enter 2nd number : scanf : bad input at char number 1 : x in xxx ; Enter 1st number : 123 ; Needed 2 answers .
Separate with & character " , < fun > )
Finally we give an acceptable answer , and the servlet may proceed :
let it = answer it " 456&123 " ; ; val it : int req = Done ( - 333 )
The new servlet library is the extension of the above code .
To keep track of outstanding questions and not - yet consumed replies , we maintain the queue of qq values , identified by qid .
type qid = int ; ; type qq = {qq_str : string ; (* question string *) qq_answer : string option ; (* received answer , if any *) qq_id : qid ; qq_validate : string -> string option}
The following data type defines the protocol within the library , between the lower - level and the QnA supervisor .
The lower - level may submit a question , receiving qid .
The lower - level may ask the supervisor to provide the answer to the question identified by qid .
type qreq = | QReq of string * ( string -> string option ) * ( qid -> qreq ) | QRes of qid * ( string -> qreq )
We re-define the question function , keeping its interface .
This function no longer sends any form to the user .
Rather , we submit the question to the QnA supervisor and make the promise to resolve the received qid into the real answer .
let question ( str:string ) cnv = let qq_validate = fun str -> try cnv str ; None with Scanf.
Scan_failure e ->
Some e in let qid = shift qp ( fun k -> QReq ( str , qq_validate , k ) ) in lazy ( cnv ( shift qp ( fun k -> QRes ( qid , k ) ) ) )
The URL given earlier contains the complete code .
Neo -Nazis on the March in Moscow ' We Russians Are Part of the White Race '
Thousands of Russian neo-Nazis marched through Moscow on National Unity Day this weekend , joined by pensioners , students and families .
Experts believe Russia 's far right gives President Vladimir Putin a welcome justification for his authoritarian political style .
Von Simone Schlindwein
Funny on other blogs :
Privacy Policy
The Man who Died of Laughing
Published on 11/2/2007
Can you laugh to death ?
As a matter of fact , there are more than 10 registered cases of fatal hilarity .
On 24 March 1975 Alex Mitchell , a 50 - year - old bricklayer from King 's Lynn , England , died laughing while watching an episode of The Goodies , featuring a Scotsman in a kilt battling a vicious black pudding with his bagpipes .
After twenty - five minutes of continuous laughter Mitchell finally slumped on the sofa and expired from heart failure .
His widow later sent the Goodies a letter thanking them for making Mitchell 's final moments so pleasant .
In 1989 a Danish audiologist , Ole Bentzen , died watching A Fish Called Wanda .
His heart was estimated to have beat at between 250 and 500 beats per minute , before he succumbed to cardiac arrest .
In 2003 Damnoen Saen-um , a Thai ice cream salesman , is reported to have died while laughing in his sleep at the age of 52 .
His wife tried to wake him up but could n't , and he stopped breathing after two minutes of continuous laughter .
It is believed that he died either of heart failure or asphyxiation .
Fatal Hilarity through history
According to some traditions , the mythological Greek prophet Calchas died of laughter when the day that was to be his death day arrived and the prediction did n't seem to materialise .
In the third century B.C. the Greek philosopher Chrysippus died of laughter after giving his donkey wine , then seeing it attempt to feed on figs .
Martin I of Aragon died from a lethal combination of indigestion and uncontrollable laughing in 1410 .
It is cited that the Burmese king Nandabayin , in 1599 " laughed to death when informed , by a visiting Italian merchant , that Venice was a free state without a king . "
In 1660 , the Scottish aristocrat , polymath and first translator of Rabelais into English , Thomas Urquhart , is said to have died laughing upon hearing that Charles II had taken the throne .
In 1782 , a certain Mrs Fitzherbert is reported to have suffered from an attack of hilarity while she attended a performance of The Beggar 's Opera .
When Charles Bannister appeared on scene as Peachum , she burst into an uncontrollable laugh so loud that she had to be expelled from the theatre .
She laughed continuously all night long and the day after , and died early in the morning , the following day .
The phenomenon is also recorded in the book Crazy History where a Celtic soothsayer was able to predict the hour of his demise .
As with the death of Calchas , when the time arrived and the soothsayer found himself still alive , he purportedly laughed hysterically , eventually killing himself through either heart attack or asphyxiation .
Submit to : Del.icio.us Netscape Furl Facebook Send by Email
I could n’t sleep last night .
Its 4:49 AM and I have a headache and a knot in my stomach .
I just watched a movie called Beyond Treason .
It ’s about how the U.S. Military has used it ’s soldiers as guinea pigs in many outrageous experiments , the last being one that is continuing , the exposure to ionized radiation by using depleted uranium in munitions .
Many people out there know me by my writing , but what people do n’t really know about me is that I have been exposed to ionizing radiation and I know what it can do to a person .
I have had cancer , I have peripheral neuropathy , constant pain and I take over 13 medications for the side effects .
The point is that this government , from George Bush Sr. to Clinton and now to Bush Jr. has known about the effects of depleted uranium and the ionizing radiation that comes from it .
Soldiers from the First Gulf War have had over 200,000 cases of VA certified disability from their service .
That is a 60,000 % increase over previous wars .
In the first Gulf War we used over 340 tons of depleted uranium .
In Afghanistan , over 1,000 tons to date , in the Second Iraq War we have used 2,400 tons of the stuff .
Uranium gives off Alpha , Beta and Gamma rays .
The Uranium that is dispersed after vaporizing on the target can be as small as .1 micron .
That means that ionized uranium is in the air , the soil and the water , and it has a half - life of 4.5 Billion years !
This means that the two countries that we invaded will forever be contaminated , and the contamination will never pass .
Not only is the land contaminated , but our soldiers who enlisted to help fight this “ Global War on Terrorism ” will pass this on to their families by their semen .
They will infect their wives and any future children .
Many Veterans have had children that were born healthy but fail to thrive .
In some cases the hearts of their children burst at 4 or 5 months old .
This is fighting a war on terrorism ?
It sounds to me like since we did n’t find weapons of mass destruction , we brought our own .
That ’s exactly what the World Court ruled .
It is against the U.N. Charter to use weapons of mass destruction and that ’s exactly what we are doing .
Not only on the so - called “ enemy ” , but on our own troops that feel the effects of “ Fallout ” .
Yes , you read me right , fallout .
This is exactly the same result of a “ Dirty Bomb ” that the U.S. Government keeps threatening the people of this nation might happen if a “ terrorist ” explodes radioactive material with a bomb .
Why have n’t you heard this on the “ Mainstream Media ” ?
The reason you have n’t is because the MSM is controlled by the same people that make their money in the Defense Industry .
GE and Westinghouse own many outlets ; ABC , Sci-Fi Channel , History Channel , MSNBC , CBS and a host of others .
The rest are owned by supporters of this corrupt and treasonous administration that thinks nothing of killing off their soldiers for profit and gain .
Your sons and daughters will eventually have to deal with this problem we have created .
I am calling for a Congressional Investigation into the scope and breadth of the problem of Depleted Uranium used by our Armed Forces in direct violation of the UN Charter .
I am calling on The Veterans Administration to come clean about ionized radiation , a problem they have known about since 1950 .
No more diagnosis of “ PTSD ” in soldiers who are sick .
These soldiers are n’t stressed out , they are sick !
Do n’t fool yourself for a minute , the President knows about this .
This could possibly be the reason that 120 Veterans are taking their lives each week according to a report by CBS that got past the censors ’ .
This President and the two preceding President ’s should be charged with treason .
They should be charged , tried and imprisoned for the rest of their natural lives .
They have not only ruined the future of the men and women that have served them , but they have also contaminated Kosovo , Afghanistan , Kuwait and Iraq forever .
There is no “ clean - up ” operation that can be done .
They are guilty of genocide , no different than Adolf Hitler or Joseph Stalin .
Through their own arrogance and extraordinary powers that we give the Executive Branch , they have used this nation as a killing machine .
We kill not just the enemy , but our allies and our own soldiers .
We have been ruled by criminals since Ronald Reagan left office .
I have something on him too that I ’ll write about in another article .
The problem of killing our own soldiers and whole nations are n’t the only crime they have committed .
They have also stolen this nation ’s wealth and put it into their own pocket , but that ’s another article .
Please help me to get Congress to launch a full - scale investigation into the use of depleted uranium .
I will write to my Congressional leaders and I pray that you will write too .
I do n’t care if you are a Conservative Republican or a Liberal / Progressive Democrat or hate them all .
This is a matter of utmost urgency to stop the indiscriminate loss of life in these countries and to get the Veterans that served us the care they deserve .
As an American you can do nothing less , and if you ca n’t do this , we WILL have nothing left .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Bush and Cheney and the rest of the Pod people are really starting to sound out of touch .
They are crying about the recent National Intelligence Estimate and how wrong it is , how biased its creators , and how mistaken the world would be to believe a word of it .
Too bad they did n’t have this reaction last time we got a long - delayed and highly politicized NIE .
Neoconservatives everywhere are getting eye tics and cocking their heads as if receiving encrypted messages from the mother ship .
In another era , we might relax in such a time of troubles for the crazies in Washington , D.C.
We might wish them well , and perhaps offer counseling .
But we live in an age where legislation against homegrown terrorism passes the House with a breathtaking lack of regard for the very people the House is supposed to represent and the very Constitution it is supposed to obey .
Today , concern about what key actors in Washington may do — to us and to the world — is quite rational .
The serious aspirants to executive power — with the sole exception of Republican Ron Paul — have been franticly reviewing their old speeches to see what they think about this latest NIE .
They have been hurriedly consulting their well - paid advisors to find out where they now stand on the issue of attacking Iran sooner , or later .
Most of these politicians , like George W. Bush and Dick Cheney , have already decided that an attack of some type on Iran must come , and they seek only a pretext .
And pretexts , like Earth Girls , are easy for the philosophical aliens who clean up so nicely in and around the 21st century White House .
Against these lawless immigrants there is no fence , no restraining legislation , and no moral outrage from the heartland .
Yet , they are not so difficult to understand .
George W. Bush , with his screwy diction and screwier presentation style , his obscene gestures and his self - aggrandizing pseudo - Christianity , is nothing more than the American Big Man .
Those familiar with third - world dictators immediately recognize the portly Dick Cheney , with his own array of obscene gestures and self - aggrandizing adoration of power , his strange and secretive preoccupation with premature withdrawal and his obsession with " big sticks . "
A few years ago , Parade Magazine did a nice piece on the world ’s ten most horrid dictators .
It ’s enlightening reading .
Number 1 successfully stifled press freedom , and created a system of torturous prison camps for those he deemed political enemies .
Number 2 has problems in honoring the results of elections , favors militaristic solutions and operates in complete obscurity .
Number 3 monitors communications of all citizens , as a matter of national security .
Number 4 has " killed , tortured and displaced 70,000 people . "
Only 70,000 , you say ?
Number 5 " engages in arbitrary arrests and torture . "
Number 6 “ is in permanent contact with the Almighty ” and “ can decide to kill without anyone calling him to account and without going to Hell .
Number 7 has been involved in continuing a civil war that has killed 2 million people and uprooted 4 million more .
He has been accused of “ engineering famine ” in regions that oppose him .
Number 8 insists the country ’s constitution does n’t really apply to him .
Number 9 controls the courts .
Number 10 replaced the constitution with one that better suited him .
The Bush - Cheney denial of the strategic and political import of the latest NIE on Iran , and their demand for continued aggressive , pre-emptive wars should surprise no one .
Big Men are not akin to captains of ships , or protectors of flocks .
They are motivated not by duty or love , but by the exhilaration of unrestrained and unlimited power .
Like a drug , such power is addicting .
Like addicts , our leaders and their advisors are out of touch , in denial of truth , and tend to extremism .
The Dick and Dubya Big Man Fantasy Presidency of the United States is dangerous .
American tyranny and instability has already frightened the world , and domestic awareness of executive and legislative tyranny is growing each day .
While most of the presidential candidates long only to grab the reins of a monster state from our little Nero and ride into Hell , the average American has begun to roll his eyes in disbelief and derision at the whole scenario of modern non-constitutional government .
I know the average American , like me , is donating a bit of spare change to Ron Paul ’s campaign .
I believe the average American , like me , is looking forward to a new year , a change of seasons , and a humane intervention for the hallucinating addicts in Washington .
And I sincerely hope the average American , like me , favors liberty over despotism , and fears neither .
The Best of Karen Kwiatkowski
Please , please , I tell myself , leave Orwell out of it .
Find some other , fresher way to explain why “ Operation Iraqi Freedom ” is dependent upon killer mercenaries .
Or why the “ democratically elected government ” of “ liberated ” Iraq does not explicitly have the legal power to expel Blackwater USA from its land or hold any of the 50,000 private contractor troops that the U.S. government has brought to Iraq accountable for their deadly actions .
Were there even the faintest trace of Iraqi independence rising from the ashes of this failed American imperialist venture , Blackwater would have to fold its tents and go , if only in the interest of keeping up appearances .
After all , the Iraqi Interior Ministry claimed that the Blackwater thugs guarding a U.S. State Department convoy through the streets of Baghdad fired “ randomly at citizens ” in a crowded square on Sunday , killing 11 people and wounding 13 others .
So the Iraqi government has ordered Blackwater to leave the country after what a government spokesman called a “ flagrant assault … on Iraqi citizens . ”
But who told those Iraqi officials that they have the power to control anything regarding the 182,000 privately contracted personnel working for the U.S. in Iraq ?
Do n’t they know about Order 17 , which former American proconsul Paul Bremer put in place to grant contractors , including his own Blackwater bodyguards , immunity from Iraqi prosecution ?
Nothing has changed since the supposed transfer of power from the Coalition Provisional Authority , which Bremer once headed , to the Iraqi government holed up in the Green Zone and guarded by Blackwater and other “ private ” soldiers .
They are “ private ” in the same fictional sense that our uniformed military is a “ volunteer ” force , since both are lured by the dollars offered by the same paymaster , the U.S. government .
Contractors earn substantially more , despite $ 20,000 to $ 150,000 signing bonuses and an all - time - high average annual cost of $ 100,000 per person for the uniformed military .
All of this was designed by the neocon hawks in the Pentagon to pursue their dreams of empire while avoiding a conscripted army , which would have millions howling in the street by now in protest .
Instead , we have checkbook imperialism .
The U.S. government purchases whatever army it needs , which has led to the dependence upon private contract firms like Blackwater USA , with its $ 300 - million - plus contract to protect U.S. State Department personnel in Iraq .
That is why the latest Blackwater incident , which Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki branded a “ crime , ” is so difficult to deal with .
Iraqis are clearly demanding to rid their country of Blackwater and other contractors , and on Tuesday the Iraqi government said it would be scrutinizing the status of all private security firms working in the country .
But the White House hopes the outrage will once again blow over .
As the Associated Press reported on Monday : “ The U.S. clearly hoped the Iraqis would be satisfied with an investigation , a finding of responsibility and compensation to the victim ’s families — and not insist on expelling a company that the Americans cannot operate here without . ”
Or , as Ambassador Ryan Crocker testified to the U.S. Senate last week : “ There is simply no way at all that the State Department Bureau of Diplomatic Security could ever have enough full - time personnel to staff the security function in Iraq .
There is no alternative except through contracts . ”
Consider the irony of that last statement — that the U.S. experiment in building democracy in Iraq is dependent upon the same garrisons of foreign mercenaries that drove the founders of our own country to launch the American Revolution .
As George Washington warned in his farewell address , once the American government enters into these “ foreign entanglements , ” we lose the Republic , because public accountability is sacrificed to the necessities of war for empire .
Despite the fact that Blackwater USA gets almost all of its revenue from the U.S. government — much of it in no -bid contracts aided , no doubt , by the lavish contributions to the Republican Party made by company founder Erik Prince and his billionaire parents — its operations remain largely beyond public scrutiny .
Blackwater and others in this international security racket operate as independent states of their own , subject neither to the rules of Iraq nor the ones that the U.S. government applies to its own uniformed forces .
“ We are not simply a ‘ private security company , ’ ” Blackwater boasts on its corporate website .
“ We are a professional military , law enforcement , security , peacekeeping , and stability operations firm . …
We have become the most responsive , cost - effective means of affecting the strategic balance in support of security and peace , and freedom and democracy everywhere . ”
Yeah , so who elected you guys to run the world ?
The “ Huckabee panic ” some political bloggers are calling it :
The conservative backlash gathering against former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee ’s increasingly formidable bid for the Republican presidential nomination .
What seemed like a second - tier candidacy three weeks ago now has earned the startled attention — and enmity — of commentators in the Weekly Standard , the National Review , and other journals of the conservative movement who seem to see in the former Arkansas governor an unknown quantity with suspiciously compassionate tendencies and little foreign policy experience .
The columnist Rich Lowry said in the latest issue of National Review that Mr. Huckabee ’s nomination would “ represent an act of suicide by his party . ”
Like Howard Dean in 2004 , Mr. Lowry wrote , Mr. Huckabee is “ an under - vetted former governor who is manifestly unprepared to be president of the United States . ”
Stephen Hayes , writing in the Weekly Standard , said Mr. Huckabee ’s understanding of foreign policy was rudimentary at best , and often “ sounded more like Dennis Kucinich than Dick Cheney . ”
On the campaign trail in Iowa and New Hampshire , Mr. Huckabee has spoken little about his foreign policy priorities except to tell audiences that “ Islamo - facism is the greatest threat ” facing them , and that as president he would make the United States military “ the greatest in the world . ”
To some extent , newcomers to the Huckabee panic take their lead from the uber - conservative PAC known as the Club for Growth , which sees Mr. Huckabee as a tax - raising , regulation - imposing , anti-business populist governor who spent too much of his tenure dealing with the problems of poor people ( a large constituency in Arkansas , it should be said . )
The club has been buying ads in Iowa showing the former governor ( in his 300 - pound form , before he lost 110 pounds and became a marathon runner ) , signing legislation as governor to raise taxes on cigarettes and impose a surcharge on state income taxes .
Still , people who have followed Mr. Huckabee ’s transformation from governor to presidential candidate do n’t see what the fuss is about — at least as far as his economic positions are concerned .
His Fair
Tax plan would abolish the I.R.S and replace personal and corporate income taxes with a national sales tax .
His ideas about Social Security , Medicare and health insurance are straight from George W. Bush ’s 2004 presidential campaign playbook .
He favors giving people the option to take their Social Security as a lump sum payment on retiring .
He opposes any kind of guaranteed health coverage , in favor of a system of tax breaks to encourage people to buy their own .
He sometimes alleges that “ Wall Street types are afraid to death of a guy like me , ” but to date he has given them no reason to feel any such thing .
Janine Parry , a professor of political science at the University of Arkansas who has studied Mr. Huckabee ’s record and his campaign , said that “ Nothing in his platform is very much of a threat to economic conservatives , certainly not his tax plan . ”
If anything , she said , she has marveled at how smoothly right - ward his campaign has tacked .
“ In his heart of hearts I think he is just slightly right of center .
He does n’t want to soak the rich , but he ’s from a state with a lot of poor people , so he does n’t want to soak them either .
He ’s pragmatic .
I would be surprised in fact if some of what he is saying now he does n’t abandon after the primary season as a little more regressive than he really is . ”
Which , if true , may be just what the panic is all about .
U.S. sniper ' bait and kill ' tactics may be a war crime David Edwards and Adam Doster
Published : Tuesday September 25 , 2007
Print This Email This Want to get the news the media buries ?
Get Raw headlines in your browser .
A classified program used by U.S. military snipers has come under scrutiny in recent days .
The Washington Post reports that , " A Pentagon group has encouraged some U.S. military snipers in Iraq to target suspected insurgents by scattering pieces of ' bait , ' such as detonation cords , plastic explosives and ammunition , and then killing Iraqis who pick up the items , according to military court documents . "
The secrecy of the plan was ended during an murder investigation involving three snipers who allegedly used bait items to make shootings seem legitimate .
While it 's unclear whether the three alleged shootings , which took place within months of the program 's implementation , were part of the classified program specifically , " defense attorneys argue that the program may have opened the door to the soldiers ' actions because it blurred the legal lines of killing in a complex war zone . "
In documents retrieved by The Washington Post from family members of one accused soldier , a leader of an elite sniper scout platoon said " members of the U.S. military 's Asymmetric Warfare Group visited his unit in January and later passed along ammunition boxes filled with the ' drop items ' to be used ' to disrupt the AIF [ Anti - Iraq Forces ] attempts at harming Coalition Forces and give us the upper hand in a fight . ' "
The baiting program should be rigorously examined , says Eugene Fidell , the president of the National Institute of Military Justice , because it raises frightening possibilities .
" In a country that is awash in armaments and magazines and implements of war , " he said , " if every time somebody picked up something that was potentially useful as a weapon , you might as well ask every Iraqi to walk around with a target on his back . "
Despite the new inquiries , it is not clear whether the program was isolated to one Iraqi region or how many people were killed using the tactics .
Read the whole story here .
CNN also detailed the counter - tactical program .
The following video is from CNN's Lou Dobbs Tonight , broadcast on September 25 .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
In a new low of despicable looniness , at the Republican debate in St. Petersburg , John McCain equated those Americans who want to stop militarily occupying Iraq with Hitler - enablers .
He actually said that , saying that it was ‘ isolationism ’ of a sort that allowed Hitler to come to power .
It gives a person a certain amount of faith in one ’s fellow Americans that McCain was booed by the Republican crowd for this piece of calumny .
Comparisons to Hitler should be automatic grounds for a candidate to be disqualified from being president .
But then McCain is the same person who joked about bombing Iran .
He thinks that killing all those children from the air would be funny ?
McCain also repeated his standard lie that Iraqis would attack the United States if US troops were withdrawn from that country .
He contrasted the Vietnamese Communists , who , he said , just wanted to build their workers ’ utopia in Vietnam once the US left , with Iraqis , who he continues to confuse with Usamah Bin Laden ( a Saudi living far from Iraq who never had anything to do with Iraq ) .
Of course , back in the early 1970s , if you had asked McCain , he would have said we have to fight the Vietnamese because of the Domino effect , and if we lost there then International Communism would be in our living rooms .
Now , he says the Vietnamese Communists were n’t expansionist at all , and just wanted socialism in one country .
So then , John , if that was true and there was never any danger of a domino effect , why did we sacrifice 58,000 US lives and kill a million to two million Vietnamese peasants ?
You just admitted we were n’t in any danger from them , even if they defeated us .
But since you were wrong about the domino effect with regard to Vietnamese Communism ( which I remember arguing in a class debate as a teenager in 1967 was just a form of nationalism ) , how do we know you are n’t just as wrong or wronger about your fantastic Muslim domino theory ?
After all , international communism was a big important political movement to which many governments adhered .
Al - Qaeda is a few thousand scruffy guys afraid to come out of their caves , who do n’t even have good sleeping bags much less a government to their name .
McCain is so confused that he thinks Shiite Iran is supporting “ al - Qaeda . ”
When I think that people who say these crazy things serve in the US senate and are plausible as presidents of our Republic , I despair a little .
( When I see a nut job like Tancredo on the podium , he of ‘ let ’s nuke Mecca , ’ I despair a lot , but that is a different story . )
McCain also insisted that we never lost a battle in Vietnam .
He still does n’t understand guerrilla war .
What battle did the French lose in Algeria ?
You do n’t lose a guerrilla war because you lose a conventional set piece battle .
Then it would be a conventional war and not a guerrilla one .
You lose it because you cannot control the country and it is too expensive in treasure and life to go on staying there .
Ron Paul was only allowed to reply briefly to McCain ’s outrageous and mean - spirited diatribe .
Although the transcript says he was applauded for saying that it was only natural that the Iraqis would want us out of their hair , just as we would n’t want somebody invading and occupying us– I heard a lot of booing in response to that point .
At another point , Paul made the point that the quiet parts of Iraq — the Shiite deep south and the Kurdistan area in the north– are the places where there are no foreign troops to speak of .
Unfortunately , he forgot the name of the Kurds and seemed to get confused , so I ’m not sure he got the point across .
Here is the exchange .
“ McCain : . . .
I just want to also say that Congressman Paul , I ’ve heard him now in many debates talk about bringing our troops home , and about the war in Iraq and how it ’s failed .
( Applause )
And I want to tell you that that kind of isolationism , sir , is what caused World War II .
We allowed …
( Applause )
We allowed …
( Audience booing )
Cooper : Allow him his answer .
Allow him his answer , please .
McCain :
We allowed — we allowed Hitler to come to power with that kind of attitude of isolationism and appeasement .
( Audience booing )
And I want to tell you something , sir .
I just finished having Thanksgiving with the troops , and their message to you is — the message of these brave men and women who are serving over there is , “ Let us win .
Let us …
( Applause )
Cooper :
We will — please .
We will get to Iraq …
( Applause )
All right .
Let me just remind everyone that these people did take a lot of time to ask these questions , and so we do want direct questions to — the answers .
We will get to Iraq later , but I do have to allow Congressman Paul 30 seconds to respond .
Paul : Absolutely .
The real question you have to ask is why do I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel ?
( Applause )
What John is saying is just totally distorted .
( Protester shouts off - mike )
Paul :
He does n’t even understand the difference between non- intervention and isolationism .
I ’m not an isolationism , ( shakes head ) em , isolationist .
I want to trade with people , talk with people , travel .
But I do n’t want to send troops overseas using force to tell them how to live .
We would object to it here and they ’re going to object to us over there .
( Applause ) ”
The rest is here .
This is what Ron Paul said about Iraq :
“ Paul :
The best commitment we can make to the Iraqi people is to give them their country back .
That ’s the most important thing that we can do .
( Applause )
Already , part of their country has been taken back .
In the south , they claim the surge has worked , but the surge really has n’t worked .
There ’s less violence , but al - Sadr has essentially won in the south .
The British are leaving .
The brigade of Al Sadr now is in charge , so they are getting their country back .
They ’re in charge up north — the Shia — the people in the north are in charge , as well , and there ’s no violence up there or nearly as much .
So , let the people have their country back again .
Just think of the cleaning up of the mess after we left Vietnam .
Vietnam now is a friend of ours — we trade with them , the president comes here .
What we achieved in peace was unachievable in 20 years of the French and the Americans being in Vietnam .
So it ’s time for us to take care of America first .
( Applause ) “
Homemade Sanitary Pads
I learned about homemade cloth menstrual pads on a Christian Ladies ’ message board in 2002 .
I had just been diagnosed with Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome or PCOS .
Some of my symptoms were heavy , irregular and painful menses which left me feeling very much like the Woman in the New Testament with the issue of blood who touched Jesus ’s garment to be healed .
I even joked that I had periods of biblical proportions .
Financially , we were in a tough spot at the time .
Making decisions between groceries or sanitary pads is not a pleasant place to be so I was tickled when another mom shared a link to homemade pads .
I ran some simple ones up on my sewing machine that day and have pretty much been a convert ever since .
Before the 20th Century , most women used cloth pads or “ rags ” during their menstruation .
Disposable pads did n’t become common in America until after WW II .
Among rural and low - income women they did n’t catch on until the 1960’s .
As with diapers , there have always been people who prefer cloth to disposable .
Disposable pads do not biodegrade very quickly .
Plastic diapers and sanitary napkins are likely to be two of the most common artifacts that future archaeologists will find when excavating landfills from the 20 and 21 Centuries .
I wonder what kind of commentary this will be on our present lifestyles ?
Only time will tell .
Outer Pad with Wings
Cut 2 with flap extended & 1 on fold with flap closed
Inner Pad
Cut 2 of flannel and 1 or 2 of filling or more flannel
Printing Instructions : Set Margins to 0.25 or 1/4 inch each .
To make your own sanitary napkins you need the following supplies :
A sewing machine with a zigzag stitch .
Flannel :
Old flannel shirts & baby blankets work beautifully but new flannel works fine too .
Be sure to wash it in hot water before using to prevent shrinkage .
Thread
Snaps or Safety Pins
Scissors
The Outer Pad
Begin by printing both of the patterns and cutting them out .
The Inner Pad is a large oval .
The Outer Pad is actually 2 patterns in 1 .
With the long straight side extended , it is the topside .
You will need to cut 2 of these .
With the long straight side folded in , it is the bottom side .
Place the straight edge on a fold of fabric and cut 1 of these .
Look at the pictures for examples .
Make 1/2 - inch hem down the long straight side of each of the 2 top pieces .
Straight stitch or zigzag stitch this hem , as you prefer .
Now arrange the 2 upper layers of the outer pad over the lower layer .
The front hems should overlap slightly , or by about 1/2 - inch .
Zigzag stitch around the outside twice .
If desired you may straight stitch down the dotted lines shown on the picture to the right .
This allows the inner pad to fit more securely inside the outer pad and also makes folding the wings a bit handier .
Some women apply a snap or button to the wings at this time .
Place them at points “ A ” in the illustration .
Velcro is not advisable because it has a tendency to chafe .
Personally , I do n’t < like to go through all the work of applying snaps or buttons so I use a safety pin instead .
Large diaper safety pins work beautifully for pinning the wings together .
To the right you will see a picture of the pad pinned closed .
The wings fit around your underwear just like disposable pads with wings .
Some women wear the pad with the pocket seam facing down , next to their underwear .
Other women prefer the pad placed with the seam - side next to their skin .
Try it both ways to see which you prefer .
The Inner Pad
The inner pad is the absorbent part of the sanitary napkin .
It slips inside the pocket of the pad .
The beauty of this is that you can use as many inner pads as necessary for the rate of your flow .
During heavy times , or overnight , use 3 or 4 Inner pads .
For a lighter flow use only 1 Inner pad .
For a panty liner , use the outer pad without an inner pad .
The reason you use several layers instead of 1 very thick layer is because several thinner layers are easier to wash and have a shorter drying time .
Additionally , the many exterior surfaces of the pad layers makes them more absorbent than a single thick pad would be .
For the inner pad you want to cut at least 3 layers , maybe 4 , depending on the thickness of your fabric .
Use the same pattern for all of the layers .
Use flannel for the 2 exterior layers of the inner pad .
Use 1 or 2 layers of flannel or terry cloth , cotton quilt batting or another absorbent material for the interior layers of the inner pad .
I used old flannel shirts , a flannel baby blanket and an old towel for my fabric .
The towel was ripped and had a few holes .
I used it as the interior layer of my inner pads .
The flannel baby blanket was the exterior of the inner pads , and the flannel shirt was the outer pad , the part with wings .
After cutting out your layers for the inner pad stack them neatly .
Zigzag stitch around the edges twice .
Trim the edges if desired .
I used dark thread in the picture so you could see it against the light flannel .
Make 2 of these inner pads for each outer pad .
They are very easy to cut and stitch , so you may want to make a few extras for heavy days .
After completing each part of the pad , slip the inner pad inside the pocket of the outer pad .
Pin it in place and see how it feels .
You will be surprised at how comfortable it is .
Washing and Maintenance
When you make your own pads you have to wash them instead of tossing them into the garbage .
Keep a small bucket of water with a lid in the bathroom , preferably out of the reach of children and pets .
Add a spoonful of vinegar if desired .
Remove the inner pad from the outer pad .
Soak the used pads in the bucket of water .
Drain the water into the toilet before washing the pads .
The water can also be used to water house plants because they like all the extra vitamins and minerals .
Make sure you use cold water so that the stains will come out .
I wash every morning .
Some women stash all of the used pads in a pillowcase or plastic bag and wash them all at once when their period is over .
I do n’t do this because I have a washer in the house and I find it more sanitary to wash them every day .
They can drip dry or machine dry .
If you do not have a washing machine , then they may be washed by hand .
Run cold water over them in the bathtub to remove most of the blood .
Place the pads in a medium bucket or tub .
Add a little soap and cold water .
Using a clean plunger , plunge the pads until they are as clean as you can get them .
Plunge for a good 10 minutes for the best results .
Rinse the pads well and squeeze them dry .
Hang each pad by it ’s own clothespin and they should dry pretty fast , even in the winter .
If you like , you can iron the pads , but do not use starch on them .
Be careful not to use fabric softener either because it will make them less absorbent .
A No-Sew Alternative
If your sewing skills are lacking , or you simply do not want to go through the trouble of sewing your own pads you can try this instead .
Purchase absorbent terry - cloth dishtowels .
Wash them before using .
Fold them into rectangles about 3 or 4 - inches by 10 or 12 inches .
Use safety pins to pin them into your underwear at both narrow ends ( the front and the back ) .
These are a bit bulkier than home - sewn pads .
They are quite comfortable though , and are a legitimate alternative .
They may be washed the same as home - sewn pads .
I ’ve also seen washcloths recommended .
Fold them into thirds , or quarters ( long ways ) and fit them into your underwear .
Apparently they stay in place without pinning because of the friction between the terry - cloth and underwear .
For heavier flows fold together 2 or more wash cloths .
About Fabrics
When I made these , I used fabrics I already had in the house .
You may purchase new fabric instead if you like .
Use a sturdy double - napped flannel if you go this route .
It will last the longest and give you the best results .
Cotton quilt batting is very nice filler , but you can also use additional flannel , which is less expensive .
Wash everything before cutting or sewing .
Flannel will shrink .
After sewing , wash the pads again before using .
This helps them hold their shape better .
Men ’s flannel shirts and flannel baby blankets make excellent flannel for your own menstrual pads .
They can sometimes be found for 25 ¢ or 50 ¢ a piece at yard sales , which makes pads very cheap to sew at home .
Brightly colored fabric is less likely to show stains than solid colored or light fabric is .
I prefer to use patterns and dark colors for this reason .
About the Pattern
I created this pattern free hand after measuring commercially available , disposable pads .
My pattern is a little bit wider and longer than some patterns available on the Internet .
This is to accommodate the average woman , who is a size 14 or larger .
Standard pads and liners are created for a size - 6 woman .
Pads made from this pattern are less likely to leak because they are large enough to fit properly .
If you are a smaller woman , or prefer slightly smaller pads , there are several other patterns available online .
You will find them linked below .
Note : Some of the sites may refer to ideas you do not agree with .
Please overlook anything you find offensive and focus on the useful information instead .
Okay , But EEEwww . . .
I ’ll admit , many people have this reaction the first time they consider homemade pads .
It is weird .
We never see anything about it on television so that ’s the first sign that it ’s NOT socially acceptable .
Sewing and using homemade pads seems like something that only weird - os and freaks do , probably off in the woods somewhere , or maybe a nice cave in the wilderness where they can commune with nature and get in touch with the moon .
Nice women would never use homemade pads .
After all , your hands get wet and you have to touch your own body fluids which is kinda gross .
Plus you have that icky bucket in the bathroom so everyone knows that you ’re up to something sneaky .
The whole idea is enough to make some women vomit and make some men run for cover in a sweaty , testosterone filled locker room .
Believe me , I sympathize .
I had to get used to the idea before I became a convert .
For some women the conversion process happens overnight .
For others of us , it takes time .
We have to go slow , talk it over with other women , learn a lot more about it , and try it secretly to see if it really does work ( it does ) .
If we have always hated pads , then homemade ones may seem like an even more uncomfortable way of dealing with a monthly necessity .
Everyone may say cloth pads are more comfortable , but just because it works for them , does n’t mean it will be the same for us .
Besides , the bucket in the bathroom is just tooooo gross .
And what if the husband sees them and laughs at them or thinks that we ’ve lost our minds .
What if the mother in law visits and sees the bucket and we have to explain it to her , or a visiting preacher ’s wife , or worse yet , the Preacher ?!!!
Gee whiz , it all becomes such a statement , and honestly , this is not the type of statement that most of us want to make to the world .
Relax .
Take a deep breath .
It is less weird than it seems at first glance .
Think about women from the past .
Our hearty ancestors who pioneered this country ; while they rode their covered wagons west , what did they use every month ?
What did Native American women use back when they owned the continent ?
What about Eve and her daughters ?
What did Sarah use ?
Well , Sarah was barren , so maybe she did n’t need them .
But what about other women in the bible ?
Give it some deep thought .
Queens and peasants , Pilgrims and Puritans , they all have one thing in common .
They had to use something to catch their monthly flow .
If you visit the Museum of Menstruation , you ’ll discover all types of articles that inventive women have used over the years .
Absorbent sea sponges and baby socks have been used as tampons .
Animal fur , dried plant fibers , and various types of cloth have been used for pads .
The truth of the matter is that cloth pads are not weird .
Disposable ones are .
Disposable pads and tampons have been commonplace for less than 50 years .
This means that pretty much all of the women who are currently menstruating have only been exposed to disposable choices for their monthlies .
Pads or tampons seem to be the only option .
This is very much a comment on our current society .
We use everything once and then toss it away .
Disposable feminine hygiene products are a big scam perpetrated by manufacturers who want to keep us on a leash so we have to keep buying their products .
They are making as much as TEN to TWENTY Thousand dollars per woman over her lifetime .
If you think of the millions of women in the USA alone , the profits are staggering !
At heart , I am a rebel .
One of my goals in life is to be dependent upon as few manufactured products as possible .
My life and my money are more valuable than that .
My freedom is more valuable than that .
I will not give myself over to disposable pads if there is a free or cheap alternative that gives ME control over my budget and my body .
Modern consumerism is a crock .
It is an illusion that makes us feel like we have a semblance of power over our lives , but really it ’s just newspeak for letting commercialism and it ’s attending obsessions consume us .
Extricating ourselves from consumerism is frightfully difficult .
The strings and layers it encompasses are sneaky little buggers that are hidden in all aspects of our lives .
One of the ways that we can achieve more personal freedom and attain genuine control over our circumstances is to snip those strings every time we find a self - sufficient alternative .
For me , this means turning to cloth pads exclusively .
I would rather get my hands wet than give Corporate America one more ounce of control over my budget or even more importantly , my body .
There are so many things I have to buy that when I find something I can make for myself , it is reason for rejoicing .
Which brings us back to that bucket .
An ice cream bucket with a lid works great .
I keep mine under the bathroom sink so it ’s not a topic of conversation .
Most women keep their disposable products in the bathroom , and the bucket is the same thing .
Stash it in a private place and do n’t give it a second thought .
When I drain the bucket in the mornings , I do it in the bathroom while I ’m already in there and no one is the wiser .
As I start the first load of laundry for the day , I dump the rinsed pads in there and they wash up with whatever else is in the laundry .
The wet pads cannot contaminate the other clothes in the washer .
Dirty clothes are dirty clothes .
Mud , dust , grime , dishcloths that have been used on bloody noses , rags used to wipe up the floor , it all comes out in the wash .
The clothes in the washer are getting clean and one type of dirt will not give cooties to another type of dirt .
After the washer has run it ’s cycle , all the laundry is clean and ready to start its life anew , sort of a fabric version of baptism .
I live in a house with boys .
They are blissfully unconscious of what the bucket is for .
They do n’t even ask .
When they help fold the laundry , they just put the clean pads in the “ Mommy Pile ” and assume it is part of the world of women that they do n’t want to know about .
When the boys were younger , and I had to wash my pads by hand with a clean plunger , I did it in the bathroom as part of normal , daily chores .
They had no idea and no care what I was doing in there .
I could have been cleaning the tub or the sink or the toilet as far as they were concerned .
It was all the same thing to them .
Now that they are older , and one is a teenager , they have chosen blissful ignorance about my pads .
Sometimes I have dried them by hanging them individually on a string strung up in the shower .
I close the shower curtain and the boys ignore them completely , the same way they ignore my bras and frillies when I hang them up to dry .
Fred does n’t even notice the pads anymore , or if he does , they are just a normal part of married life .
He is married to a woman , and therefore there are feminine details he must get used to and accommodate .
When I must travel a lot during my period , I bring a few plastic zipper bags to store any used ones until I get a chance to wash them .
In hotels they are easily washed by hand and dried by laying them over the tub , or for the more adventurous , by laying them over the heater in the room .
Fresh pads can be stored in zipper bags and used as needed .
Once we grow accustomed to the idea of using cloth pads , it seems like such a normal part of life , that the details become irrelevant .
The details of brushing our teeth or washing our hair are mundane .
No one is interested in them and we do them without a second thought .
Cloth pads are the same way .
Once we get into the cloth pad zone , it becomes abundantly clear that they are the best solution available .
Our first thought may be “ Ewww ! ” but our final thought is “ Aaahhh ! ”
The Story Of The Woman With The Issue Of Blood
Mark 5:25 - 34
( 25 ) And a certain woman , which had an issue of blood twelve years ,
( 26 ) And had suffered many things of many physicians , and had spent all that she had , and was nothing bettered , but rather grew worse ,
( 27 ) When she had heard of Jesus , came in the press behind , and touched his garment .
( 28 ) For she said , If I may touch but his clothes , I shall be whole .
( 29 ) And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up ; and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague .
( 30 ) And Jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , Who touched my clothes ?
( 31 ) And his disciples said unto him , Thou seest the multitude thronging thee , and sayest thou , Who touched me ?
( 32 ) And he looked round about to see her that had done this thing .
( 33 ) But the woman fearing and trembling , knowing what was done in her , came and fell down before him , and told him all the truth .
( 34 ) And he said unto her , Daughter , thy faith hath made thee whole ; go in peace , and be whole of thy plague .
This article may be copied or linked to as desired .
Please include a link back to hillbillyhousewife.com .
The patterns I made are placed firmly in the public domain .
They are not copyrighted and can be used however you see fit , even to sew and sell in your own home business .
To support the blog , check out the HBHW eBooks available on Amazon .
Thank you !
The researchers monitored activity in the brain
Teams at University College London and University of California in LA could tell what images people were looking at or what sounds they were listening to .
The US team say their study proves brain scans do relate to brain cell electrical activity .
The UK team say such research might help paralysed people communicate , using a " thought - reading " computer .
We are still a long way off from developing a universal mind - reading machine
Dr John - Dylan Haynes , University College London
In their Current Biology study , funded by the Wellcome Trust , people were shown two different images at the same time - a red stripy pattern in front of the right eye and a blue stripy pattern in front of the left .
The volunteers wore special goggles which meant each eye saw only what was put in front of it .
In that situation , the brain then switches awareness between both images , sometimes seeing one image and sometimes the other .
While people 's attention switched between the two images , the researchers used fMRI ( functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging ) brain scanning to monitor activity in the visual cortex .
It was found that focusing on the red or the blue patterns led to specific , and noticeably different , patterns of brain activity .
The fMRI scans could reliably be used to predict which of the images the volunteer was looking at , the researchers found .
Thought - provoking ?
The US study , published in Science , took the same theory and applied it to a more everyday example .
They used electrodes placed inside the skull to monitor the responses of brain cells in the auditory cortex of two surgical patients as they watched a clip of " The Good , the Bad and the Ugly " .
They used this data to accurately predict the fMRI signals from the brains of another 11 healthy patients who watched the clip while lying in a scanner .
Professor Itzhak Fried , the neurosurgeon who led the research , said : " We were able to tell one part of a scene from another , and we could tell one type of sound from another . "
Dr John - Dylan Haynes of the UCL Institute of Neurology , who led the research , told the BBC News website : " What we need to do now is create something like speech - recognition software , and look at which parts of the brain are specifically active in a person . "
He said the study 's findings proved the principle that fMRI scans could " read thoughts " , but he said it was a very long way from creating a machine which could read anyone 's mind .
But Dr Haynes said : " We could tell from a very limited subset of possible things the person is possibly seeing . "
" One day , someone will come up with a machine in a baseball cap .
" Then it really could be helpful in everyday applications . "
He added : " Our study represents an important but very early stage step towards eventually building a machine that can track a person 's consciousness on a second - by - second basis .
" These findings could be used to help develop or improve devices that help paralyzed people communicate through measurements of their brain activity .
But he stressed : " We are still a long way off from developing a universal mind - reading machine . "
Dr Fried said : " It has been known that different areas of the temporal lobe are activated by faces , or houses .
" This UCL finding means it is not necessary to use strikingly different stimuli to tell what is activating areas of the brain . "
