I heard Hayden flat out lie and say they DID get actionable intelligence from torturing Abu Zubaida , which totally contradicts the CIA 's own report covered in the Washington Post which said that his torture produced NO actionable intelligence !
WHat the hell is wrong with these people ??
Updated :
Torture serves as a means of control , according to a great article byNaomi Klien back in 2005 .
But she mentions only fleetingly but pointedly that torture serves as a means of control by inducing terror .
So it is tool of Terrorists , a means of Terror . Terror Terror Terror .
Are n't we supposed to be AGAINST the terrorists and terrorism ?
Maybe we need to remind Americans thatit's the Republicans who are proudly claiming to be modeling the Taliban insurgency of Afghanistan in their politics .
I usually do n't quote The Washington Post so much , but they did a nice little Five Myths About Torture post a couple of years ago that lays it out pretty plainly .
It concludes that torture does not work to get valid information .
Even post Nuremberg trials , ( updated with redacted Godwin 's law reference . ) the records kept by German secret police showed that they were good at torture , but that was because they were not that good at interrogation .
Two different things entirely .
According to the article , the
" secret police got most of their information from public tips , informers and interagency cooperation . "
As the war drew on and their interrogators became more scarce , the torture increased .
It 's possible to get a prisoner to say anything you want him to say with enough torture , but does that mean it works ?
How many confessions came out of the Salem witch trials ?
Is a forced confession all that we are looking for ?
I 'd like to think not , but this seems to explain what 's been going on in the name of National Security .
Perhaps that 's why they kept torturing Abu Zubaida .
He kept saying anything they wanted to hear , and they believed him .
Which brings me to my main point ...
Are we still so reactionary that we just want to find someone to proclaim guilty , never mind if the actual culprits are out there ?
This is why the ends do not justify the means .
A case could be made that this is an inherent problem with our own law enforcement mentality .
I mean , who has n't been pulled over on a highway and felt like the officer was searching for any shred of evidence that would help him to identify you as a criminal ?
Driving while being black is more of a targeting issue , but what I 'm talking about is more like invading the wrong damn country because we just want to " get back " at somebody .
The ends do not justify the means !
Or is it something deeper ?
Do we just want to find someone , anyone ... to assign blame to , in order to satisfy some primal desire for retribution ?
Payback ?
Or is it something even more inherent in our DNA that makes our adrenalin race until we have been avenged ?
What will we say about Gitmo 20 years from now ?
Years and years of incarceration and torture because we have to find someone guilty to " justify " our torture ?
Tortured logic has never been more blatant or ironic , and I am frankly sick of it !
I do n't know if there will be prosecutions of those who allowed torture , but I hope there is .
I also hope that due process is returned to all prisoners and due process and nothing more than due process is accorded our failed leaders of the Bush era .
I like freedom of speech too .
I just wish more people would get their voices heard who counter the outright lies and " artificial facts " that come out of Foxnoose and the ever talkative Bush era sycophants and apologists .
This movie was shot by ( or at least for ) Thomas Edison way back in 1899 , and shows that the fixie - tricksters are doing nothing much that 's new .
The rather dry description from the Library of Congress archive page describes the clip thusly :
" Neidert , " of national fame , does stunts on his wheel that are simply wonderful .
Makes his bicycle rear up , and rides around the stage on his back wheel ; besides a lot of other easy things , such as riding on one pedal and riding backward , seated on handlebar .
The second section is from 1901 , and shows a fellow riding a bike in almost the exact manner that I do when coming home from a bar at weekends .
Except for the bunny - hop / rope skipping part , that is .
[ Bicycle trick riding , no .
2 ] ( http://memory.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/r?ammem/varstg:@field(NUMBER(0836))) [ Library of Congress via Bike Hugger ]
How to Swallow Big Pills
Most seniors take a lot of pills — prescriptions and nutritional supplements — and some of them are very large .
Swallowing them can sometimes be a problem .
If you do a search on the Internet , people offer all sorts of suggestions from putting it on the far back of your tongue to smashing the pills and taking them with applesauce .
Many people put a pill in the back of their mouth , take a big gulp of water or other liquid , and tilt their head backwards to get the pill to go down their throat .
I remember my mom doing that .
Fortunately , I do n’t have a problem with taking large pills as long as I have enough liquid to accomplish the task .
However , I recently came across an interesting suggestion .
I ’ve tried the method below and it works .
Take a few deep breaths to relax ( especially the throat muscles ) , if you ’re tense .
Place the pill on your tongue .
Take a mouthful of water and tuck your chin slightly down toward your chest .
The pill will rise to the top of the water and send it to the back of the tongue and easily go down .
Amazingly , you can even take more than one big pill at a time using this method .
Give it a try .
So now , you should not hesitate to take nutritional supplements .
Need more energy ?
When traveling , I take pre-packaged pills called VitaOne which gives me a lot of energy .
Feel like you ’re coming down with a cold ?
I take one pack in the morning and one at night .
Digestive enzymes are included so digestion is not a problem .
For more information , click here .
Tagged with : All Sorts • Big Gulp • Deep Breaths • Digestive Enzymes • Followers • Free Word • Mom • Mouthful • Nature Talk • Nutritional Supplements • Pills • Prescriptions • Seniors • Suggestion • Swallow • Throat Muscles • Tongue • Vitamark • Vitamark International • VitaOne • Website Visitors • Word Of Mouth • Word Of Mouth Advertising
Filed under : Senior Health
Like this post ?
Subscribe to my RSS feed and get loads more !
Last week I saw some very early , soundless footage , as well as a mini-exhibition of some of the costumes and characters in the film .
No pictures have yet been released of the Cheshire Cat ( Stephen Fry ) , the hideous Jabberwock ( Christopher Lee ) or the Caterpillar ( Alan Rickman ) , but all are wonderfully skewiff versions of the original visualisations .
It 's hard to tell quite yet whether this is going to be the masterpiece it ought to be , but in terms of design alone , Burton and his team have come up with something wonderfully creepy and mesmerically vivid
Photograph : PR
YEONGJU , South Korea  Lee Si-kap , a shy farmer living in this central South Korean town , holds a record :
He owns more satellite dishes than any other South Korean  85 of them , receiving 1,500 satellite television channels from more than 100 countries , some as far away as South Africa and Canada .
To passers - by , Mr. Lee ’s home stands like an exclamation mark in the otherwise nondescript countryside dotted with apple orchards and ginseng fields .
Satellite dishes cover his roof like giant steel mushrooms .
They spread into his front yard and blossom in a field behind his house , some as large as 16 feet in diameter .
Once dismissed as a local eccentric , Mr. Lee has more recently emerged as something of a hero of modest fame , featured on national television as “ antenna man . ”
Since late last year , he and thousands of fellow satellite enthusiasts  including the husbands of foreign brides and a few dedicated souls searching for signals from extraterrestrial life forms  have started a campaign to install free satellite dishes for poor foreign brides living in rural South Korea , so they can receive broadcasts from their home countries .
Personal income fell in 37 states in the first quarter , according to estimates released today by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis .
Most of the states where income rose were in the Southeast .
Personal income in the fastest growing state , Hawaii , was up 0.8 % while personal income in the next fastest growing state , Virginia , grew 0.3 % .
Earnings growth in these states was concentrated in the federal civilian and military sectors and was accounted for by first - quarter pay raises as well as some initial hiring for the 2010 Census .
The federal sector also made substantial contributions to personal income growth in Alaska , Maryland and the District of Columbia .
Bureau of Economic Analysis
The largest percentage decrease in personal income , 3.2 % , was in Alaska , reflecting a return to normal levels of payments to residents from the Alaska Permanent Fund after a special $ 2,000 - per-person payment to residents in 2008 .
Personal income fell by more than 1 % in five other states , including North Dakota , Missouri and Iowa , in the Plains region as sharply lower farm - commodity prices reduced farm income .
Private - sector earnings fell in all states .
In many states , one or two industries accounted for the bulk of the decline in earnings : finance in New York , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ; durable - goods manufacturing in Michigan and Indiana ; construction in Arizona and Nevada ; mining in Wyoming and Oklahoma ; and accommodation and food services in Nevada .
Costs of two new aircraft carriers for the Royal Navy have risen 25 %
The UK should consider slashing defence spending by up to £ 24bn and revisit plans to renew its Trident nuclear deterrent , a think - tank report says .
Britain cannot afford much of the defence equipment it plans to buy , the Institute for Public Policy Research ( IPPR ) report says .
Its authors include former defence secretary Lord Robertson and the ex-Lib Dem leader , Lord Ashdown .
The government said it remained committed to renewing Trident .
' New thinking '
Lord Ashdown said the UK would have to " reach out to establish a new concordat with other nations and other global powers in order to secure a secure world in changing and turbulent circumstances " .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme " That does require new thinking , " he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
" One conclusion we arrive at is we can no longer afford to maintain museum Cold War armaments , " he said .
" We can no longer afford to maintain full - spectrum armed forces capable of operating anywhere in the globe like a mini-United States . "
The IPPR 's recommendations include : Scaling back conventional capability by cutting £ 24bn of planned spending
Review to consider possible alternatives to Trident or extending life of system
UK active role in fostering European defence co-operation
Setting up of National Security Council to co-ordinate security policy
Greater specialisation in the UK armed forces ' Cold War relics '
The report comes after news of a £ 1bn cost overrun on two new aircraft carriers .
The original budget for the two carriers for the Royal Navy was £ 3.9 bn but the BBC has seen a memorandum revealing the programme will come under " severe pressure " because of the cost escalation .
Given the new fiscal restraints , [ the report ] concludes , Britain can no longer afford to play the same world role as before
Frank Gardner , BBC security correspondent
Mapping the future of UK security Navy carriers ' £ 1bn over budget '
The head of the Royal Navy , Admiral Sir Jonathon Band , has previously defended the new carriers from accusations they were outdated " Cold War relics " .
His counterpart in the British Army , General Sir Richard Dannatt , had earlier suggested many of the Ministry of Defence 's new equipment programmes were " irrelevant " to modern warfare .
Similarly , the IPPR report suggests there ought to be a radical rethink of the way the UK budgets for defence .
Spending on the aircraft carriers , along with the fighters which would fly from them and the destroyers protecting them , should be in the frame for cuts , its report says .
Nuclear arsenal
The report says Britain 's aim should be to eradicate nuclear weapons , and calls for renewed debate about the Trident submarine - based missile system .
The government is committed to renewing Trident at an estimated cost of £ 20 bn .
The policy is backed by the Tories but opposed by the Liberal Democrats and many Labour backbenchers .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme Armed forces minister Bill Rammell said the UK was " working towards a world free of nuclear weapons " .
" We are the most forward - leaning nuclear state in terms of disarmament - we have reduced the explosive capability of our nuclear arsenal by 75 % over the last 10 years , " he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
But he added : " When we look at the risks moving forward over the coming decades , we do n't believe at the moment it would be safe to fail to make decisions now which would effectively commit us to unilateral disarmament in the future , regardless of the circumstances . "
Mr Rammell also said that he believed the UK could afford its defence plans .
Allies
The report 's authors also claim that the mission in Afghanistan is on course for possible failure unless it is changed to include a joint civilian - military stabilisation and reconstruction taskforce .
It also draws lessons from the Mumbai attack in India , appealing for new preventative measures in case the UK has to face a terrorist attack at multiple locations in one of its major cities .
That would be a job for strengthened special forces , not the police , the report argues .
Threats to our security do not go away simply because we are in a recession
Ian Godden
Society of British Aerospace Companies chief executive
There is also a broader appeal for Britain to do more to co-operate with Europe and stop relying on the US when it comes to security .
The report says Britain would be deluded to think the US would always help out .
Lord Ashdown said : " We are going to have to work more closely with our allies , and in particular our European allies .
" Integration at a European level both of our armed forces and the defence industries is a crucial part of it . "
Liberal Democrat defence spokesman Nick Harvey agreed that more European co-operation was needed , and that the UK " cannot mortgage future security solely on the goodwill of the US " .
" This report is a wake - up call for the nation .
We must act now to make our country safer by using precious resources more effectively , " he said .
" We need armed forces that are relevant for the security threats of today and tomorrow . "
BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner said the 180 - page document , published after two years of research , would carry weight in Whitehall , given its highly - experienced authors .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Defence is the most important area of public spending .
Without adequate defence , this country would cease to exist Paul
But the UK defence industry had reacted angrily to the proposals suggesting cuts to major projects , our correspondent added .
Ian Godden , chief executive of the Society of British Aerospace Companies , said : " The debate about big projects versus better conditions for troops or more boots on the ground and between one service or another is a false one or at best highly risky .
" The real issue is the fact that as a nation we no longer adequately fund our own defence . "
He added : " Threats to our security do not go away simply because we are in a recession . "
As well as Lord Robertson and Lord Ashdown , former chief of the defence staff Lord Guthrie of Craigiebank , former UK ambassador to the United Nations Sir Jeremy Greenstock , and former Association of Chief Police Officers president Sir Chris Fox also contributed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tuesday June 23 , 2009
A Trade Show booth with PF and OpenBSD
A few months after I started at Terracotta I attended my first JavaOne conference .
Not as an attendee , but as an exhibitor .
The boss came and asked me to build up some infrastructure to run a booth .
Over the years , the setup of the booth and some of the software and equipment has changed , but the primary design principles have not .
Allow all machines in the booth to share a single Internet connection
Make it simple to setup and use
Allow employees to check their email , etc. from the booth
Allow the sales engineers to explore potential client websites
Do not allow demo stations to be used by conference attendees to check their email or hog the demo station trying to show us their website
Make it secure so that we do n't have any demo " surprises "
Make sure all the demo stations are consistent
I turned to one of my favorite operating systems to solve the problem , OpenBSD .
Here is what the network looks like as of 2009 .
We get our Internet connection from Priority Networks and every year it is rock solid , they are super easy to work with , and when you need help , they actually know what you 're talking about !
As you can see , each daemon on the machine serves a purpose to running the overall network .
Each daemon ( other than PF ) is only assigned to the internal interface .
named
We run a private domain inside the booth ( javaone.tc ) and also need standard resolving for internal clients dhcp Demo machines are given static IPs , all other clients are assigned to a different part of the subnet , more on this later puppetmasterd
Now that machines have gotten faster and we have less graphical demos , we can run all Unix demo stations .
Puppet makes sure all the machines are 100 % consistent and makes it much easier to setup machines initially or substitute in a new station in case of some kind of problem PF
This is where all the magic happens , why you can type www.yahoo.com and wind up at Terracotta.org httpd
This was more important before puppet and when we still had Windows , but Apache is still a great way to serve up files to any network ntpd We 're a Java clustering company and it's very important to have synchronized clocks in a cluster , then again , is n't it always ?
As you can see above , we have a private domain inside the booth .
It 's just a simple / 24 divided in two .
Machines in the lower half of the subnet are assigned static IPs by MAC address , this is for the demo stations only .
Machines in the top half of the subnet ( 129-254 ) are assigned IPs dynamically and this range is for any employee who brings their laptop to the booth and wants to login to check email , fix a bug , etc. PF treats the two IP ranges differently .
Here is the firewall ruleset :
ext_if= " bge0 " int_if= " dc0 " DEMOSTATIONS =" 192.168.100.0/25 " EMPLOYEES =" 192.168.100.128/25 " set skip on lo # allow demo stations to access Terracotta and a few other websites we rely upon table < TCOK > { 64.95.112.224/27 , www.google-analytics.com, now.eloqua.com , secure.eloqua.com , download.terracotta.org } scrub all nat - anchor " ftp-proxy / * " rdr-anchor " ftp- proxy / * " nat on $ ext_if from $ int_if : network -> ( $ ext_if:0 ) rdr pass on $ int_if proto tcp from $ int_if : network to port 21 -> 127.0.0.1 port 8021 rdr pass on $ int_if proto tcp from $ DEMOSTATIONS to !
< TCOK > port 80 -> 64.95.112.233 port 80 rdr pass on $ int_if proto tcp from $ DEMOSTATIONS to !
< TCOK > port 443 -> 64.95.112.233 port 80 anchor " ftp- proxy / * " block log all pass quick on $ int_if no state antispoof quick for { lo $ ext_if } # fw inbound - for remote admin when Priority Networks allows this pass in quick on $ ext_if proto tcp to ( $ ext_if ) port ssh # fw outbound pass out quick on $ ext_if proto tcp from ( $ ext_if ) to any modulate state flags S / SA pass out quick on $ ext_if proto udp from ( $ ext_if ) to any keep state # int outbound pass in quick proto tcp from $ DEMOSTATIONS to any port { 22 25 80 443 8081 } modulate state flags S / SA pass in quick proto udp from $ DEMOSTATIONS to any port { 53 } keep state pass in quick proto tcp from $ EMPLOYEES to any modulate state flags S / SA pass in quick proto udp from $ EMPLOYEES to any keep state
The only problem with this ruleset is that the name resolution for domains that are hardcoded in the ruleset ( e.g. www.google-analytics.com) can only really happen after the OS has booted .
Otherwise , the boot sequence stalls on name resolution .
The workaround for this is to disable PF in /etc/rc.conf.local and enable it with
pfctl -e -f /etc/pf.conf
in /etc/rc.local .
That is really the only necessary workaround .
As you can see , it 's actually a REALLY , REALLY permissive ruleset .
Much more permissive than we allow in the office .
Because there is rarely a Terracotta sysadmin on the show floor during the conference , and because there are tons of open access points which our employees would use if we locked them down too much anyway , we feel this is a pretty acceptable level of risk for the few days of the show .
We could certainly lock down the ports employees could access , restrict to their MAC addresses , or even put in authpf for them to authenticate , but that would mean maintaining a password file outside the corporate office , or duplicating the LDAP server , or setting up an IPSEC tunnel , all of which are excessive for a few days of conference .
That 's really all there is to it ( other than some GENERATE statements in the zone files ) .
Free , functional , easy , and secure by OpenBSD .
Posted by Dave Mangot in Applications
PR
OpenOffice.org日本ユーザー会は2009年6月29日，OpenOffice.org向けの「日本語環境改善拡張機能」をリリースした。OpenOffice.orgはオープンソースのオフィス・ソフト。「日本語環境改善拡張機能」は，ワープロの両端揃え書式や，IPAフォントを初期設定として利用可能にするなど，約30点の機能改善が含まれている。
OpenOffice.org日本ユーザー会は，OOoユーザーに役立つ情報を集めて，公開するなどの活動を行っている団体。IPAフォントは，独立行政法人 情報処理推進機構（IPA）がオープンソース・ライセンスで公開しているフォント。「日本語環境改善拡張機能」は，IPAフォントを同梱したパッケージも用意している。
「 日本語環境改善拡張機能」の主な改善点は以下の通り。
・ Writerの段落の標準の書式設定 を 「両端揃え」とし，「句読点のぶら下がりを行う」をオフに変更。行末が不ぞろいになることを防ぐ。
・ Writerの文字の書式設定を英数字用，日本語用とも「IPA明朝」フォントに，サイズを10.5ポイントに変更。Microsoft Officeに近い初期設定とした。
・ Calc，Impressの書式設定 もMicrosoft Officeに近い初期設定とした。
・ Writer ，Calc，Impress ，Drawの標準のフォントをIPA（独立行政法人情報処理推進機構）が配布するフリーのフォントであるIPAフォントに変更。IPAフォントがインストールされていれば，異なるOSでもドキュメントの書式やデザインが崩れないようにすることができる。
・日本のユーザーにとって標準では不要と考えられる英語などの「スペルチェック」をオフにした。
・英文の1文字目を大文字にするなどの自動修正機能「オートコレクト」をオフにした。
・ OpenOffice.orgのテンプレートを作成するプロジェクト「OOExtras」から多くのテンプレートを取り込んだ。
・フリーのクリップアートを作成するプロジェクト「 Open Clip Art」から多くのクリップアートを取り込んだ。
・日本メーカーのラベル用紙のデータを取り込んだ。
「 日本語環境改善拡張機能」は，OpenOffice.org 日本ユーザー会 ドキュメントプロジェクトからダウンロードできる。IPAフォントを同梱した「日本語環境改善拡張機能」も同じくOpenOffice.org 日本ユーザー会 ドキュメントプロジェクトのページで公開している。
Let ’s hope the Obama administration really does , as is rumored , read Andrew Sullivan .
His column on Obama ’s gay rights bullshit no-stances is powerful stuff , and everyone should read it .
Which is why I ’m going to post it in its entirety :
The Fierce Urgency Of Whenever
I lived through eight years of the Clintons and then eight years of Bush .
Through it all , gay people were treated at the federal level like embarrassments or impediments .
With Clinton , we were the means to raise money .
With Bush , we were the means to leverage votes by exploiting bigotry .
Obama seemed in the campaign to promise something else .
I listened to him in the early days and found him sincere about ending discrimination by the government ; and I came to respect , while vehemently disagreeing with , his position on federal civil unions .
He seemed genuinely distressed that gay servicemembers should be treated with contempt and persecution by their commander - in - chief , that gay couples should have to fight for basic human treatment – like entry to hospital rooms , or being able to stay in the same apartment as their late spouse , or forced into cruel separation by immigration laws that treat gay couples as threats , rather than assets , or if you had the temerity to survive HIV , being treated at the US border the way Jesse Helms always wanted people with HIV to be treated – like perverts and pariahs and threats .
It is quite something to have a government stamp in your passport , as I do , that will tell any immigration or police officer with a connection to a government database that I have HIV , that I am therefore a threat and can be arrested and detained and deported at the border if necessary .
I ’m a big boy with money and a robust self - esteem as an HIV - positive survivor , but I think of thousands of others far less powerful and wealthy than I am who are afraid to enter or leave the US because their HIV status renders them criminals .
I think of how the US is the only developed country – and one of only a handful of undeveloped countries – that still tells the world that people with HIV are dangerous pariahs , who need policing at borders and deporting if discovered .
And yet this is the current policy of the Obama administration on global HIV and AIDS .
And it ’s tedious to whine and jump up and down and complain when a wand is n’t waved and everything is made right by the first candidate who really seemed to get it , who was even able to address black church congregations about homophobia .
And obviously patience is necessary ; and legislative work takes time ; and there are real challenges on so many fronts , especially the economy and the legacy of war crimes and the permanently restive Iraqi and Afghan regions we are constantly in the process of liberating from themselves .
No one expects a president to be grappling with all this early on , or , God help us , actually leading on civil rights .
That ’s our job , not his .
But I have a sickeningly familiar feeling in my stomach , and the feeling deepens with every interaction with the Obama team on these issues .
They want them to go away .
They want us to go away .
Here we are , in the summer of 2009 , with gay servicemembers still being fired for the fact of their orientation .
Here we are , with marriage rights spreading through the country and world and a president who cannot bring himself even to acknowledge these breakthroughs in civil rights , and having no plan in any distant future to do anything about it at a federal level .
Here I am , facing a looming deadline to be forced to leave my American husband for good , and relocate abroad because the HIV travel and immigration ban remains in force and I have slowly run out of options ( unlike most non-Americans with HIV who have no options at all ) .
And what is Obama doing about any of these things ?
What is he even intending at some point to do about these things ?
So far as I can read the administration , the answer is : nada .
We ’re firing Arab linguists ?
So sorry .
We wo n’t recognize in any way a tiny minority of legally married couples in several states because they ’re , ugh , gay ?
We had no idea .
There ’s a ban on HIV - positive tourists and immigrants ?
Really ?
Thanks for letting us know .
Would you like to join Joe Solmonese and John Berry for cocktails ?
The inside of the White House is fabulous these days .
Yesterday , Robert Gibbs gave non-answer after non-answer on civil unions and Obama ’s clear campaign pledge to grant equal federal rights for gay couples ; non-answer after non-answer on the military ’s remaining ban on honest servicemembers .
What was once a categorical pledge is now – well let ’s call it the toilet paper that it is .
I spent yesterday trying to get a better idea of what ’s intended on all fronts , and the overwhelming sense – apart from a terror of saying anything about gay people on the record – is that we are in the same spot as in every Democratic administration : the well - paid leaders of the established groups get jobs and invites , and that ’s about it .
Worse : we will get a purely symbolic , practically useless hate crimes bill that they will then wave in our faces to prove they need do nothing more .
As for the HIV ban , legislatively lifted by overwhelming numbers of Republicans and Democrats almost a year ago , this is the state of play from an Obama HHS spokesman :
“ The Department of Health and Human Services has submitted for OMB review a notice of proposed rule - making to implement this change . ”
Translation : we ’re doing the bare minimum to make us look no worse than Bush , but we have no real interest in this and are letting the bureaucracy handle it , and we guarantee nothing .
On gay servicemembers , the president is writing personal notes to those he has fired and intends to continue firing .
Will he write some personal notes to the people with HIV he deports ?
Will he write personal notes to the gay spouses suddenly without a home or their late spouse ’s savings or forced by his administration to relocate abroad because he has no intention of actually fulfilling his promises ?
I recall my old , now dead , friend Bob Hattoy , who toiled in the Clinton administration .
He was going to write a memoir of working with people who thought of homosexual rights as wonderful things to say you support ( especially if you ’re fundraising or at a Hollywood dinner party ) but far , far too controversial to ever do anything about , let alone risk anything for .
In the end , of course , the Clintons enacted a slew of brutally anti-gay measures – passing DOMA , doubling the rate of gay discharges from the military , signing the ban on HIV - positive tourists and immigrants – and expected standing ovations as pioneers of civil rights .
The pathetic gay rights leaders gave it to them , so delighted were they to have their checks cashed .
The proposed title of Bob ’s book was a summary of the priorities of the Clinton years :
It ’s The Economy , Faggot .
I have a feeling he died laughing .
What else are you gonna do ?
I agree 100 % .
Gay rights are civil rights .
Period .
Using a community ’s desperation to only be partially marginalized and discriminated against ( as opposed to forcibly extricated from “ polite society ” ) in order to get elected is disgusting .
Especially for beneficiaries of the movement .
And I ’m not just talking Obama here : Women , Jews , Catholics , all minorities , and sometimes majorities …we all benefit together , or perish alone .
World 's Smallest Car - Click above to watch a video after the break
The Sun
Standing just 39 inches tall and 26 inches wide , the little red Postman Pat car is apparently well - known in Europe as a children 's toy .
Oddly enough , it 's now known all over the globe as the World 's Smallest Street - Legal Car .
The ridiculously small vehicle owes its newfound fame to a 47 year - old man in the U.K. named Perry Watkins , who gutted the plaything , added a steel frame to the fiberglass shell and propped it all up with the chassis from a quad .
Powered by a 150 cc single - cylinder four - stroke engine hooked to the rear wheels , Watkins ' machine wo n't be keeping up with traffic on the motorway , but its working headlamps , taillights , windshield wipers , horn and turn signals have enabled it to become fully street legal in Britain .
The small - displacement engine reportedly returns 70 miles per gallon and manages to push the diminutive flame - painted flyer to what is likely a white - knuckle top speed of 40 mph .
This is n't Watkins ' first foray into the automotive record books .
Last year , the car - crazed builder made headlines with his so - called Flatmobile , which stands just 19 inches off the ground at its highest point .
Finding it hard to imagine this thing actually driving down the road ?
Hit the jump for video proof and click here to check out a gallery from [ Source : The Sun Video :
There ’s no such thing as the perfect computer , and never has been .
But in the personal computer ’s long and varied history , some computers have been decidedly less perfect than others .
Many early PCs shipped with major design flaws that either sunk platforms outright or considerably slowed down their adoption by the public .
Decades later , we can still learn from these multi-million dollar mistakes .
By no means is the following list exhaustive ; one could probably write about the flaws of every PC ever released .
But when considering past design mistakes , these examples spring to my mind .
Special thanks to Steven Stengel of the Obsolete Technology Homepage for providing many of the photos in this article .
Apple III ( 1980 )
The Apple III was Apple ’s first computer not devised by Steve Wozniak , Apple ’s co-founder .
Instead , a committee of engineers designed it to be the “ perfect ” business system .
With an absurdly high price ( options ranged between $ 4,340 to $ 7,800 –about $ 11,231 to $ 20,185 in 2009 dollars ) and numerous bugs at launch , the Apple III was doomed to failure .
Problem # 1 : No Power Supply Fan
The Apple III ’s lack of power supply fan caused system to heat up , warping the motherboard and unseating certain socketed chips .
What Were They Thinking ?
According to Apple insiders , Steve Jobs ’ zeal for a simple and silent computer design forced the Apple III team to exclude a cooling fan for the power supply .
Apple later suggested a simple fix for the heat - warping problem : raise the Apple III a few inches off a hard surface and drop it , hopefully re-seating the chips in the process .
Fortunately , that advice was n’t required for later Apple computers that lacked fans .
Problem # 2 : Limited Apple II Compatibility
To run an Apple III in Apple II mode , one had to first boot from a special floppy disk .
Once in Apple II emulator mode , the user could not use any of the Apple III ’s enhanced hardware , including 80 column text mode or the real - time clock .
Compatibility with Apple II software was not perfect , as many software packages used direct memory writes in the form of PEEKs and POKEs that did n’t line up with the Apple III ’s memory structure .
What Were They Thinking ?
Like IBM and the PC / PCjr , Apple wanted a clear product delineation between their “ home ” machine ( the Apple II ) and their “ professional ” machine ( the Apple III ) .
As a result , Apple II compatibility on the Apple III was intentionally crippled .
DEC Rainbow ( 1982 )
In the early 1980s , mainframe giant Digital Equipment Corporation tried its hand in the personal computer market with the DEC Rainbow .
Since industry - wide PC standards had not yet been decided , DEC decided to support the two major operating system platforms at the time : Z - 80 - based CP / M and 8088 - based MS - DOS .
The Rainbow contained both these processors and was capable of booting both OSes .
Interestingly , despite the machine ’s use of the 8088 and MS - DOS , the computer remained largely incompatible with the IBM PC .
Problem # 3 : No Way to Format Disks
DEC provided no official method of formatting blank diskettes for use in the Rainbow .
As a result , Rainbow users were forced to buy pre-formatted floppy disks from DEC .
What Were They Thinking ?
The Rainbow ’s 5 1/4 ″ floppy disk drive used a proprietary sector format that was incompatible with that of either IBM PCs or CP / M machines .
That alone is not unusual for a machine released in 1982 .
But preventing users from using non-DEC floppies seemed like a nickel - and - dime move on DEC ’s part to make an extra buck on exclusive disk sales .
Later , third party options for formatting Rainbow disks sprung up , spoiling DEC ’s monopoly on floppy sales .
Coleco ADAM ( 1983 )
The Coleco Adam was a classic case of overreaching in the video game and home computer markets .
Coleco had recently found success with its ColecoVision home video game console , and it also wanted a piece of the home computer market as well .
Despite its faults , the Adam had one of the best home computer keyboards of its time , with an excellent layout and feel .
This small plus typically gets buried under the system ’s numerous drawbacks .
Problem # 4 : EM Pulse Erases Tapes
Every time a user switched on or off the system , the Adam ’s power supply emitted a strong electromagnetic pulse that could scramble or erase the data stored on magnetic data cassettes that the Adam uses to store its programs .
What Were They Thinking ?
In this case , they were n’t .
Insufficient testing and a headlong rush to market likely led to this embarrassing flaw .
Users revolted by the thousands , and nearly 60 % of the first batch of Adams were returned as defective .
Problem # 5 : Printer Required
The Adam could not be operated without the bulky , noisy , slow printer attached — both the system ’s power supply and power switch are on the printer itself .
If the printer failed or needed repairs , this took the entire system out of commission .
What Were They Thinking ?
Coleco engineers probably figured that reducing the number of cables going in and out of the Adam would make the system more user - friendly , but it turned out to be a half - brained design decision that failed to take the big picture into account .
Read more :
In 1536 , in Veracruz , Mexico , during the Inquisition , an alchemist builds a mysterious and sophisticated device named Cronos to provide eternal life to the owner .
In the present days , the antiques dealer Jesus Gris finds Cronos hidden inside an ancient statue while cleaning it with his granddaughter Aurora .
He accidentally triggers the device and soon his wife Mercedes and he note that he has a younger appearance .
Out of the blue , the stranger Angel de la Guardia visits Gris 's shop and buys the old statue .
On the next day , Gris finds his shop trashed and Angel 's card on the floor .
He pays a visit to Angel that introduces him to the eccentric millionaire
De la Guardia that explains the healing power and the eternal life given by Cronos .
Angel is sent by De la Guardia to hunt down Gris to get Cronos no matter the costs .
Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
A few weeks ago we gave some Wedding Saving Tips , after the big night comes your honeymoon .
Wedding planning is fun ( and stressful ) but for me honeymoon planning has been the better part of this process .
This week I ’ll share some honeymoon planning tips feel free to add yours at the end .
Start Early
One of the first tips I gave in wedding savings tips was to start early , same thing applies here .
Honeymoon is not the usual trip you plan with your friends ’ last minute , it ’s your first trip together as a married couple and you want it to be as special and as memorable .
Planning a good honeymoon can be time consuming and the closer you get to the wedding the less time you will have to plan it .
I suggest you plan for your honeymoon a few months after you start planning for your wedding , unless you decide not to go for a honeymoon right after the wedding .
But at least talk to each other and see where you stand .
Budget
First things first .
Given this is a personal finance blog it should not come as a surprise that the first step is to set a budget for your honeymoon .
Just like budgeting was the first step in wedding planning , setting a budget for your honeymoon is the first step .
Here is a honeymoon planning budget worksheet you can use to budget for your honeymoon .
Decide When to Go and For How Long :
Ones you know how much you can afford to spend on the honeymoon , the next logical step is to figure out when you want to go .
First , figure out how many vacation days you have , and how many of them you ’ll need before the wedding for last minute planning .
Than decide when you want to go .
Do you want to leave the morning after your wedding ?
Or , do you want to have some time after the wedding to unwind and pack when you ’ll be more focused on it , and take your honeymoon a few days or even a few weeks later ?
If you do not have a lot of vacation days left you can take a “ mini- moon ” for a weekend after your wedding , and if you still want to take a longer honeymoon you can take it during your first wedding anniversary .
Choosing Honeymoon Destination
Discuss your idea of the perfect vacation with each other .
Who wants to lie around in the sun ?
Who wants to explore an exotic destination ?
You both should make a list of the things that mean the most to you , and compare notes .
How do you envision your honeymoon ?
Do you want a resort where there will be other honeymooners to socialize with , or someplace secluded where it will just be the two of you ?
Do you want somewhere warm or cold ?
Maybe you ’ll just want to spend a lot of time in the room !
Throughout your marriage you will be compromising a lot so this could be a good place to start .
Find something that would make both of you happy , remember it ’s not just your honeymoon .
Here is a honeymoon quiz both of you can take and compare notes , feel free to add your own items to it .
Get to Know Your Destination
Ones you have decided how much to spend and where to go for your honeymoon , it ’s time to research your destination and learn about it .
Depending on your location selection there maybe a lot of information online about your destination , even if it is not a very popular destination there most likely is some information online .
Just do your research and maybe have an itinerary .
Passports , Visa ’s and other paperwork
This is the not fun part , but it ’s a must .
These pesky little details can take time and therefore are one of the first things you should do , once you know where you are going .
Get your passports done and visa ’s if needed .
NOTE : Use your maiden name .
You wo n’t have time to change the name on your passport and driver ’s license .
Use your maiden name on visas , airline tickets , etc. , so they match as it appears on your official documents .
Our Honeymoon Plans
We have talked about our honeymoon plans around the same time as we started wedding planning and after some thought and research we have decided not to go on a honeymoon immediately after the wedding .
Instead we will go on a “ mini- moon ” the following weekend of the wedding and go on a longer trip early next year .
Couple of reasons , first there just is too much going on right now and we ’d rather get settled in and second we can do the same trip for almost half the price in off season .
Well those are our plans currently , but you never know things always change .
Here are some tips from my twitter followers :
@MyLifeROI [ My Life ROI ] :
Focus on each other , not whether or not the pillow cases are monogrammed .
@MoneyEnergey [ Money Energy ]
Save as much as possible for it and take care of menial details in advance , but let it be adventurous and go with the flow .
@alanschram [ Saving for Serenity ]
The basic , ask for an upgrade , be flexible , wait for deals , go as far away from your family as possible
@MattJabs [ Debt Free Adventure ] :
My wife said … make sure you take a lot of pics , I guess we only have a handful & regret it
@ FourPillars [ Four Pillars ] :
Do n’t go right after the wedding .
I hope some of the honeymoons planning tips were helpful to you ; I will have a follow up post “ Frugal Honeymoon Tips ” within the next couple of weeks .
Do you have any honeymoon planning tips ?
What did you do for your honeymoon , anything you learned ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A fleet of 11 fire engines worth £ 1.3 m and belonging to the national Fire Service College in Gloucestershire has been destroyed in a blaze .
The engines , costing £ 116,000 each , were stored in a workshop at the college in Moreton - in - Marsh , along with diesel and hydraulic oil .
Gloucestershire Fire and Rescue Service sent 58 firefighters to the fire .
Crews from two other counties assisted .
An investigation is under way to establish the cause .
Sally Sheen , of the Fire Service College , said she was grateful to the fire services of Gloucestershire , Oxfordshire and Warwickshire .
She said : " The local fire service has contained the fire to the scene of origin .
No-one was hurt and the main business of the Fire Service College will carry on as normal . "
Almost 60 firefighters dealt with the blaze at the college Charlie Hendry , of the Chief Fire Officers Association , said : " The fire service is used to dealing with emergencies .
" We are all pleased to have been able to rally round and support Sally Sheen and all her staff to continue what they do best and that is to provide first - class training for the fire and rescue service . "
The college said the building was severely damaged in the fire , but that the majority of other buildings and training fleet had been saved and that it " would be business as usual for the college . "
The Fire Service College has been in the market town for 38 years .
It provides specialist courses for emergency workers from the UK and overseas and can accommodate 600 students on the site .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ban the Gas Chamber for Animals in Michigan !
by : American Humane Association
recipient : Michigan House
Michigan House Bill 6042 , the Humane Euthanasia of Shelter Animals Act , and HB 6043 would ensure that when the state 's unwanted , sick or unadoptable shelter animals have to be euthanized , the procedure will only be done by injection of sodium pentobarbital .
This method is called euthanasia by injection .
The American Humane Association considers euthanasia by injection to be the only acceptable and humane means of euthanasia for animals in animal shelters .
Even though a majority of the shelters in the state use euthanasia by injection , 10 still use outdated , inhumane gas chambers .
Shelter workers overwhelmingly wish to hold and comfort a frightened animal in its final moments of life .
That act may be the only kindness the animal has ever known .
In contrast , even with vigilant oversight , euthanizing any animal by means of a carbon monoxide or dioxide gas chamber is both severely inhumane to medium and large animals , and demoralizing to the workers who have to euthanize .
Such outdated practices also create public outcry and demean the purpose of an animal shelter .
HB 6042 is sponsored by Rep. Rick Jones and was drafted by American Humane and the State Bar of Michigan Animal Law Section .
And HB 6043 would amend the bill entitled , " Dog Law of 1919 . "
Please sign today to support these bills .
Angered by what they described as the City of Toronto 's reluctance to bargain seriously , the leaders of Toronto 's municipal workers pulled their 30,000 members off the job at midnight .
Mark Ferguson , president of the outside workers ' local of Canadian Union of Public Employees and Ann Dembinski , who heads the inside workers ' local , had harsh words for the way the city has conducted its negotiations .
" We believe it 's been their intent to put us out on the streets all the way along , " Ferguson told a news conference .
" The contempt that the city holds for city workers , through the proposals that are on the table , is much worse than we saw in 2002 , " he said , referring to the last time city workers walked off the job .
Ferguson had pleaded with the city to pick up the pace of bargaining at 10:30 a.m. yesterday .
But union officials said the city did n't present a wage and monetary package - one that they deemed grossly insufficient - until 9 p.m. last night .
" At 9:30 this evening , the city of Toronto tabled a proposal that we considered to be complete garbage , " Ferguson said .
" It was a vicious attack on our membership , an unwarranted attack . "
Speaking at a 1 a.m. news conference Mayor David Miller said negotiations would continue through the morning .
He rebuffed CUPE 's demands for a collective agreement on par with other unionized city workers .
" The world has changed .
The city has extremely serious budget challenges .
One needs only to look at our welfare rolls to understand that .
All I really can say is that I think this strike is very regrettable . "
Miller said he was " particularly " concerned about families with children in city - run daycares , closed during the strike , and urged Torontonians to visit Toronto.ca for details of the city 's contingency plan .
Despite the strike , Miller said he would not take a direct role in the negotiations .
" My role is not to be at the bargaining table ( and ) never has been , " he said .
" We have a team of negotiators .
They have clear instructions from council through the employee and labour relations committee , and those instructions are framed around the principles that the agreement must be fair to employees , must be affordable to the city , and allow our public service to operate efficiently and effectively . "
City spokesperson Kevin Sack insisted a strike is unnecessary .
" While the city does not want a strike , the city cannot simply agree to all the union requests to avoid one , " Sack said .
On strike are about 24,000 inside workers — half full time , half part time — who are members of Local 79 of CUPE , and about 6,200 outside workers , members of CUPE 's Local 416 .
Dembinski , president of Local 79 , said the city 's " stubborn unwillingness " to pull what the union views as major concessions off the table , and to agree to wage increases in line with other municipal workers , was forcing the union to strike .
She zeroed in on the city 's proposal to change the workers ' sick pay system , which would eliminate the current practice that allows employees to bank unused sick time .
She blamed Mayor David Miller directly for the impasse .
" The mayor has been using the recession as an excuse to rip our collective agreement to pieces , " Dembinski told reporters .
City negotiators are following the mayor 's lead , she said .
" At the negotiating table , the city is putting the knife to us , " she said .
" Local 79 members have two choices : Roll over and play dead , or fight to defend themselves .
We have been put in this position by the City of Toronto .
" If this turns into a strike , it 's not because of union demands .
Let me be clear :
It is because of the City of Toronto 's demands to rip things away from us , " Dembinski insisted .
Earlier in the day , Ferguson , president of Local 416 , sounded a similarly gloomy note .
" At this point , things do n't look very good , " he told a morning news conference .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
He criticized city negotiators for dragging their feet during talks , saying that six months should be enough time to reach a deal .
Ferguson said the union had been willing to talk through the night both Friday and Saturday , but city negotiators declined .
" That , in my mind , sends a strong message that they 're not prepared to do a deal . "
Ferguson said the union would n't extend talks past midnight Sunday night , however : " The deadline is firm .
In our minds , there is no reason to extend the deadline at this point .
We are prepared to negotiate a deal , but , if the deal is n't there at midnight , our members are going on strike . "
Sack said that creates difficulties .
" The bargaining process must be allowed to work , even if that takes some extra time , " Sack said .
He told an early afternoon news conference that the city still believes a strike is unnecessary .
" While the city does not want a strike , the city cannot simply agree to all the union requests to avoid one , " Sack said .
While the union complained that city negotiators had been unwilling to work through the night , Sack said negotiations take time and must be carefully considered .
" We believe that a few extra days , if it 's required to reach an agreement , makes sense . "
The issue of sick days remains a key sticking point .
The city wants to replace the current system , which allows union employees to bank unused sick time and cash it out when they quit or retire .
An employee with 25 years service can get up to six months ' pay on departure , a future cost the city says is worth $ 249 million .
But Local 416's Ferguson said sick pay is by no means the only issue .
" We have concessions on the table ( from the city ) that would see senior employees laid off while junior employees continue to work , " Ferguson said .
" ( There are ) proposals ... that would see people who have worked in jobs for many years not being able to qualify for those jobs in future .
" Certainly sick time is an issue , but there are many issues .
They are all outstanding issues at this point . "
Miller was being kept in touch with talks " constantly , " Sack said , but was n't taking an active role at either bargaining table .
The outside workers were holding talks at the Delta Hotel in Scarborough at Highway 401 and Kennedy Rd. , while the inside workers were negotiating at the Sheraton Hotel across from City Hall .
I have already listed a few weird things about Reddit , and here ’s a follow - up listing some more things Redditors themselves keep wondering about :
1 . Where do my saved threads go ?
There is an option to save the item under each link on Reddit .
But many people wonder where those links are saved .
“ Saved ” category can be found when clicked on “ More ” link on the front page :
2. Why do the vote totals fluctuate by about ± 3 votes when you reload the page ?
There are two possible explanations of that ( the second one is the one that occurs more often ) :
Caching .
Not all cache servers have the most current count .
On some occasions , every refresh shows a different count .
Reddit adds small random numbers of up and down votes to the displayed totals to thwart spam bots and karma whores .
It ’s easy to see with Commentroversy Greasemonkey script
3 . What ’s the red envelope next to my username ?
Why is it red but sometimes empty when clicked ?
The envelope next to your username becomes red once one of your comments has been replied by someone .
Sometimes it can be red but showing nothing when clicked .
It means the commenter was banned or he deleted the reply .
4 . How do I add formatting to my comment ?
Use Markdown syntax explained in detail here ; here are most commonly used cases ( to see it , click “ help ” under the comment box ) :
5 . Why does a dot sometimes show up where the score should be ?
It is explained in the official Reddit FAQ .
In short , just give it some time 🙂
6 . How can I filter submissions on Reddit to ignore those I did n’t like ?
You can set the preferences to never show you again the story you disliked :
7 . How do I filter comments to a story ?
There are a couple of ways to filter comments other members did n’t like :
Install this Greasemonkey script to see comments disliked by many members in a lower font size :
Set the preferences to hide comment lower the specified score :
8 . What does it mean that the submission number is colored ?
When a submission ’s number is colored , it means it ’s reached the # 1 spot on reddit .
Clicking on this number will take you to a running list of all the # 1 reddit links ( explained here ) .
Any more Reddit questions ?
Please ask them here !
Electronics
Arts announced a newly re-tooled version of its EA Sports website .
The new website will be a combination of the old EASports.com and EASportsWorld.com .
According to EA , the site “ places Sport at the center of your exploration .
We have a homepage that is rich in content , from Producer blogs to the latest news on all our franchises .
We ’ve also added a Media Lounge , so you can quickly find , watch and listen to the best videos and hottest podcasts from our Community team .
Stay put here on PlayStation LifeStyle for our live - blogging of E3 .
The credit crunch of 1294 : Causes , consequences and the aftermath
Adrian Bell , Chris Brooks , Tony Moore
It is widely believed that the current credit squeeze , leading to bank failures , is a modern phenomenon arising from the interplay of a historically unique set of circumstances that could not have been foreseen .
But a team of academics – a finance professor and two medieval historians – at the University of Reading ’s ICMA Centre has documented a medieval credit crunch that bears remarkable parallels with the current crisis .
The Ricciardi and Edward I
Before 1272 , English kings had occasional dealings with Italian merchant societies , mainly in purchasing luxury goods for the household and arranging for balance transfers overseas .
During the reign of Edward I ( 1272 -1307 ) , however , the king entered into a close financial relationship with one particular merchant society , the Ricciardi of Lucca ( Kaeuper 1973 ) .
From 1275 , the Ricciardi collected the newly - created customs duty on exports of wool , hides and wool - fells , worth around £ 10,000 per year , as well as receiving money from other sources of royal revenue .
In return , they advanced significant sums in cash to the king and made payments to third parties on the king ’s behalf , as and when ordered by royal letters .
In total , between 1272 and 1294 , the Ricciardi were involved in the collection and disbursement of around £ 20,000 per year , equivalent to roughly half of the king ’s ordinary annual income .
We could perhaps compare this arrangement to a modern current account , complete with extensive overdraft facilities ( interestingly , Edward was usually overdrawn by £ 10,000 - £ 20,000 ) .
This relationship had great advantages for both parties .
It allowed the king to anticipate royal revenues and so smooth the seasonal fluctuations in his income .
Edward also enjoyed regular access to credit , allowing him to respond to unexpected events or undertake expensive projects without the burden of maintaining a large cash reserve .
In return , the Ricciardi received some financial return on their advances , although this is usually hidden in the sources because of the religious prohibition on usury .
We have calculated that , before 1294 , Edward was probably able to borrow at rates of around 15 % per year ( Bell , Brooks and Moore 2009 ) .
Furthermore , the Ricciardi benefited from royal favour in their business dealings .
How were the Ricciardi and other merchant societies in a position to make such loans and investments ?
Their initial funding came from the partners of the society , who pooled their capital and received proportionate shares of any profits .
Such involvement could be risky , because the partners could be held personally responsible for any debts owed by the society .
They also received deposits , mostly from wealthy citizens of the Italian city - states ( Hunt and Murray 1999 ) .
In addition , the Italian merchants profited from the management of papal taxes collected in England , and we would argue that this played a vital role in capital formation .
In 1274 the pope had levied a tax on the clergy across Europe to support a new crusade , which raised a total of around £ 150,000 in England alone .
The Ricciardi were one of several Italian merchant societies to act as papal bankers and were responsible for holding a portion ( worth around £ 10,000 ) of the monies collected in England ( Lunt 1939 ) .
This would have covered much of the king ’s overdraft with them .
At any one time , most of this capital was committed to various ventures , including loans to governments and private borrowers , as well as investment in goods for trade .
This was normally profitable , since this money was earning a good return , but it meant that the merchants only retained a small buffer of liquid capital .
This was not ordinarily a problem , since most transactions could be carried out through credit , offsetting or balance transfers between merchants .
When actual cash was needed beyond their own reserves , it could be raised from other merchants , either as a loan or by selling assets .
For instance , the Ricciardi often acted as brokers raising loans for the king from a cartel of their fellow merchant societies ( Kaeuper 1973 ) .
We can perhaps describe this as an early variant of the ‘ Northern Rock ’ business model , in that the Ricciardi relied on wholesale or interbank lending to fund their loans to the king .
Crunch
The trigger for the global credit crunch starting in 2007 has been traced to the ‘ sub - prime crisis in the US , as the resulting uncertainty meant that banks were unwilling to lend to each other , thus removing liquidity from the market .
In the early 1290s , there was a similar crisis of liquidity , as the papal tax discussed above was gradually called in by the pope and the French king exacted large sums from the Italian merchants in his kingdom , leaving the merchant societies under - capitalised .
Initially , it seemed as though the Ricciardi may have been escaped the worst of this .
In 1290 , Edward had finally agreed terms with the pope to lead a new crusade and , in return , was granted access to the proceeds from clerical taxation in England .
As a result , the merchant societies with whom the tax had been deposited were ordered to deliver a first instalment of 100,000 marks ( £ 66,667 ) to the Ricciardi on Edward ’s behalf ( see Lunt ( 1939 ) and Kaeuper ( 1973 ) .
It is unlikely , however , that any money physically changed hands , since it would have been more logical for the merchant societies simply to transfer their liabilities from the pope to the Ricciardi .
On paper , the Ricciardi would have been credited with the extra money , but there was a corresponding danger should Edward seek to withdraw this tax revenue at short notice .
Unfortunately , this was precisely the situation that arose in 1294 , when war broke out between England and France .
As he had before , Edward turned to the Ricciardi for money to fund his armies .
Although , in theory , the Ricciardi should have been well - capitalised , it seems that , in reality , the greater part of their resources was tied up and , fatally , the wider lack of liquidity meant that they could not raise money on the interbank market .
These difficulties were exacerbated by the Anglo - French war , which effectively cut communications between Italy and England and left the merchant societies unable to update the account books of their various branches across Europe .
In their defence , the Ricciardi , much like banks today , would argue that their difficulties resulted from a short - term liquidity squeeze and that , overall , their assets matched their liabilities .
In practice , however , the Ricciardi were unable to provide the English king with the financial support that he desperately needed .
In response , Edward removed the Ricciardi from their position as collectors of the wool custom and ordered the seizure of the assets ( mainly wool but also loans to private individuals ) held by the Ricciardi and other merchant societies .
This dealt a mortal blow to the Ricciardi ’s finances and effectively marked the end of their long - standing relationship with the English crown .
Aftermath
The Ricciardi initially sought to recover their position through a series of ‘ credit swaps ’ and netting between their creditors and debtors ( Kaeuper 1973 ) .
1
They requested a new accounting with Edward , in the belief that his ‘ overdraft ’ , combined with the proceeds of the confiscated wool and debts , would offset most of the outstanding papal tax .
Their other main creditor was the pope , and the merchants tried to persuade him to take over the debts owed to them in France and in Italy , on which he was better - placed to collect .
To draw another parallel with more recent events , we can compare this to government intervention , exchanging Treasury - backed bonds for the more illiquid assets held by the banks .
Unfortunately for the Ricciardi , they were unable to convince governments to support them .
In the short term , Edward ’s decisive actions succeeded in recovering around £ 50,000 from the Ricciardi .
However , the fall of the Ricciardi had significant costs in the medium - term , since Edward still needed to raise huge sums of money to pay for his armies , now fighting in Gascony , Scotland and Wales , as well as the subsidies that he had promised to his allies in the Low Countries and Germany .
As a result , Edward was forced to turn to moneylenders who both lacked the resources of the Ricciardi and charged much higher rates of interest ( we have found examples of annual rates at 40 % and 150 % ) ( Bell , Brooks and Moore ( 2009 ) .
Applying this experience to the current crisis , it is clear that taking punitive action against the banks today would have much more serious economic consequences , given modern reliance on credit .
Edward himself may have come to the same conclusion .
By 1299 he had entered into another long - term financial relationship with the Frescobaldi of Florence .
When the Frescobaldi complained that news of this had led to a run on their bank , Edward promised them £ 10,000 sterling in compensation .
2
Relative to the English crown ’s ordinary annual income of about £ 40,000 , this commitment is in fact greater than the initial £ 50 billion bank recapitalisation proposed by the British government in 2008 .
Furthermore , deprived of access to credit , Edward was forced to rely on heavy taxation and his prerogative rights of purveyance and prise ( compulsory purchases of goods ) .
He also over - issued wardrobe bills ( essentially government IOUs ) to pay for wages and supplies .
All of these measures aroused political opposition in England , and contributed to a major constitutional crisis in 1297 ( Prestwich 1988 ) .
By contrast , Edward ’s opponent , Philip the Fair of France , sought to raise money by debasing the French currency , reducing the silver content of the coins by as much as two - thirds .
The income ( seigniorage ) received from these recoinages meant that Philip did not have to resort to direct taxation to the same extent as Edward or incur the same level of debt ( Favier 1978 ) .
It is possible , however , that the long - term consequences of the expanding money supply for the French economy were more damaging that the medium - term pain of high taxation and debt in England .
We would argue that this has considerable modern resonance , as today ’s governments begin to grapple with the problem of how to pay for the obligations that they are currently undertaking .
Acknowledgement
This essay arose from the findings of an on - going three - year research project with the aim of investigating the credit arrangements of a succession of English monarchs with a number of Italian merchant societies .
The study , based at the ICMA Centre , Henley Business School , University of Reading , is funded by the Economic and Social Research Council ( ESRC ) under grant RES - 062-23-0733 .
For more information see : www.icmacentre.ac.uk/medievalcredit
Footnotes
1 This is based on a number of internal Ricciardi letters that survive in The National Archives ( TNA E 101/601/5 ) and have recently been edited in Lettere dei Ricciardi di Lucca ai loro compagni in Inghilterra , 1295 - 1303 , A. Castellani and I. del Punta ( eds . ) ( Rome , 2005 ) .
2 The original letter survives in the National Archives , TNA SC 1/47 no.120 and has been translated in R. J. Whitwell , ' Italian bankers and the English Crown ' , Transactions of the Royal Historical Society , New Series , 17 ( 1903 ) , pp.198-9 .
References
Bell , A. R. C. Brooks , and T. K. Moore , ‘ Interest in Medieval Accounts : Examples from England , 1272 - 1340 ’ , History ( forthcoming , Oct 2009 ) .
Favier , Jean ( 1978 ) , Philippe le Bel , Fayard
Hunt and Murray ( 1999 ) A History of Business in Medieval Europe ( Cambridge , 1999 )
Kaeuper , R. W. ( 1973 ) Bankers to the Crown : Edward I and the Ricciardi of Lucca ( Princeton ) .
Lunt , W. E. ( 1939 ) Financial relations of the papacy with England to 1327 ( Cambridge , Mass . ) , pp.311-46 .
Prestwich , M. ( 1988 ) Edward I , London
Whitwell , R. J. ( 1903 ) ' Italian bankers and the English Crown ' , Transactions of the Royal Historical Society , New Series , 17 ( 1903 ) , pp.198-9 .
KAGUYA ( SELENE )
Antoniadi taken by HDTV ( low altitude ) Antoniadi taken by HDTV ( low altitude )
The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) launched " KAGUYA ( SELENE ) " by the H - IIA Launch Vehicle at 10:31:01 a.m. on September 14 , 2007 ( JST ) from Tanegashima Space Center ( TNSC ) .
The major objectives of the " KAGUYA " mission are to obtain scientific data of the lunar origin and evolution and to develop the technology for the future lunar exploration .
" KAGUYA " consists of a main orbiting satellite at about 100 km altitude and two small satellites ( Relay Satellite and VRAD Satellite ) in polar orbit .
The orbiters will carry instruments for scientific investigation of the Moon , on the Moon , and from the Moon .
KAGUYA was descended to the 50km altitude from February 1 , 2009 and then was descended again to 10 - 30 km in Lower altitude ( Perilune ) from April 16 , 2009 .
Finally , KAGUYA was impacted to the south - east of near side of the Moon on June 10 , 2009 ( GMT ) .
We are very appreciated for your support to KAGUYA mission .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Copenhagen Climate Council
If Al Gore and Ban Ki-moon were n’t able to get the job done , you might have thought Cate Blanchett would saved the day .
But even an impassioned and remarkably erudite speech by the Oscar - winning actress failed this week to persuade world business leaders to go beyond mere rhetoric in pushing for action on climate change .
The scene was Copenhagen , the site of this December ’s vital negotiations on a new deal to combat global warming before it runs out of control .
The event was the grandly titled World Business Summit on Climate Change , one of a series of meetings held in the city during the course of this year designed to press governments to take the radical measures that will be needed .
At a March gathering in the Danish capital , a meeting of the International Scientific Congress did just that , making it clear that the rate and effects of climate change are already fulfilling — and sometimes exceeding — their worst - case scenarios .
And there was reason to hope that the business summit this past weekend , which brought together more than 500 CEOs from around the world , would turn up the pressure .
After all , many business leaders have already been at the forefront of attempts to get governments to take action .
The U.S. Climate Action Partnership — comprised of blue - chip companies like General Electric , Dupont and Alcoa — was long a thorn in the recalcitrant flesh of the Bush administration , and is now calling for cuts in U.S. emissions of 42 percent of 2005 levels by 2030 and 80 percent by 2050 .
Across the Atlantic , the EU Corporate Leaders Group on Climate Change — made up of the heads of such household names as Shell , Vodaphone and Philips and convened by Prince Charles — was instrumental in persuading both the then British Prime Minister , Tony Blair , and EU President Manuel Barroso to make climate change a top priority .
And more and more businesses on both sides of the pond are seeing and beginning to grasp the commercial opportunities in the technologies that will be needed in a low - carbon world .
With so much momentum seemingly at hand , Oxfam , which now devotes much effort to combatting climate change , talked up the business gathering in advance , saying the participants were “ set to push wavering governments for more leadership and ambition at the eleventh hour . ”
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon duly told the delegates :
“ As business leaders , you are crucially placed to ensure that government negotiators seal a deal .
You have the ingenuity and vision to lead by example where others — including governments are lagging behind .
“ A strong message from the business community to governments worldwide may make all the difference .
You must make it clear to your leaders that doing the right thing for the climate is also the smart thing for global competitiveness and long - term prosperity .
We may never get a better opportunity .
And , if the world ’s scientists are right , we may not get a second chance . ”
Al Gore hammered home the urgency of immediate action .
“ We have to do it this year .
Not next year , this year .
The clock is ticking , because Mother Nature does not do bailouts . ”
Then , to deliver the coup de grace , there was Cate Blanchett , who was spurred into environmental activism by the growing water crisis in her own country .
She has installed solar panels to power her Sydney home and aims to run the Sydney Theatre company , where she is co-artistic director , on renewables .
And she says she now limits her showers to four minutes “ because I live in a desert called Australia . ”
After quoting authorities from Garrett Hardin to John Gray , from J.R.R. Tolkein to Nicholas Stern , she concluded : “ Political failure in Copenhagen is quite simply unacceptable and this powerful room must play a major role in preventing this failure .
Your strong leadership through a compelling call to action at Copenhagen that delivers certainty to avoid the climate crisis is now needed . ”
All to no avail .
The business leaders did produce a “ Copenhagen Call , ” as they named it .
Their rhetoric was fine : they called on “ our political leaders to agree and ambitious and effective treaty ” which “ would help establish a firm foundation for a sustainable economic future . ”
But they whimped out when it came to setting out what it should contain .
They spoke of emission targets but failed specifically to recommend any , merely mentioning that limiting global temperature increases to two degrees “ would entail abatement of around 17 GT ( of carbon emissions ) versus business - as - usual by 2020 ) ” and referring in passing to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ’s outdated suggestion that global levels should be cut in half by 2050 .
They mentioned the need for funds to help developing countries adapt to climate change , but ducked out of suggesting a figure .
Oxfam officials were left flabbergasted by how the conference had managed to ignore the strong messages from the speakers who had addressed it , and called the business leaders ’ call “ a tiny step in pushing for the right political recipe when it could have been a giant stride . ”
The group added , all too correctly , that the much - vaunted summit had “ articulated the scale of the problem , but not the specifics of the solution . ”
Editor ’s note :
The story was updated on May 28 to note that the business leaders ’ climate statement suggested a figure for how much global carbon emissions should be cut to avoid significant increases in global temperatures .
—
Below , watch videos from the World Business Summit on Climate Change :
Firebug is one of the most popular tools used by web developers .
In this article , we 'll take a closer look at ten of its most attractive features .
1. Console
The first thing you 're going to notice when opening Firebug ( either from the
status bar or using the ctrl + F12 key combination ) will be the Console panel .
After a quick look , one might think that it is an alternate version of the Error Console
( Ctrl + Shift + J ) .
Common features between the two are :
logging of errors , warnings and notices
ability to run Javascript code
But Firebug extends the Firefox functionality , so it can do
much more , such as :
logging errors for Javascript , CSS , XML , XMLHttpRequest ( AJAX ) and
Chrome ( Firefox internals )
Chrome ( Firefox internals ) run Javascript code upon the current webpage
additional Javascript object is put at disposal ( console )
Let 's look over some examples built upon the console object .
Imagine running the
following HTML file .
This will generate the following result .
2. HTML
The second panel , and the one in which I 'm sure you 're going to spend a lot
of time , is split among several sections which we will review below .
This button is equivalent to the " Inspect Element " in a webpage
context menu .
Apart from being helpful with quickly picking elements in page ,
it also outlines the currently selected element .
In this section , we have the hierarchy of the currently
selected element and the ability to perform a series of actions ( on every
individual component of the hierarchy ) , like : copying inner HTML
creating XPath expressions
attaching event observer ( and logging in the Console panel )
deleting element
editing element and child nodes
moving the element in the DOM tab for inspection
The main window of the panel ; useful for traversing through the
HTML document , quick modification of code and spotting broken code ( like
closing a div too early ) .
The contextual menu offers the same set of functionality
like section nr. 2
In this section the computed style of the current page or element are
displayed .
The ability to actively modify styles and inspect CSS
inheritance are its most valuable features .
Through this section one can easily examine the box model of
an element : content size , padding , offsets , margins and borders .
The DOM section upon access generates a list with all , of the currently
selected elements , methods and properties .
3. CSS
The main difference between this panel and the Style section under HTML is
that here you can work on uncomputed styles .
I 'll outline and number the sections
( and features this time ) .
If the page on which we are working contains multiple stylesheets , then we will be able to select the desired stylesheet .
The main region where the CSS code is displayed .
Easily modify CSS properties .
Easily dissable CSS rules .
4. Script
Sometimes , when writing Javascript code , you have to get your hands
dirty .
Most of the time , you 'll find yourself working with the
Console panel ; only in extreme conditions will that make you jump to the Script
panel .
Given those extreme conditions ( which are bound to happen ) , let 's review this panel , and start familiarizing ourselves with it .
Dropdown button from which we can select the desired script file .
Debugging functions : continue , step in , step over
and step out .
They only kick in when code execution reaches a
breakpoint .
Main window .
Here we set ( and remove ) breakpoints , as well as inspect
Javascript code .
Similar to the DOM panel , the Watch section prints out object methods
and parameters for currently debugging code .
Shows the stackment of functions in real time .
List of currently active breakpoints .
Only breakpoint removal can be done
from here .
5. DOM
The same as HTML -> DOM .
Given the fact that nothing differs from what was mentioned before , we 'll skip to the next section .
6. Net
Curious how long your page took to load ?
Or do you
want to know which request takes the most time to complete ?
Thankfully , this , too , can be accomplished via the Net panel .
Requests can be filtered according to their type .
Every request is shown in this section .
At the end of the requests list
we see a summary of them : number of requests , size , how much was cached
already and total time they took to complete .
More details can be revealed , as : HTTP headers , response and cache ( same
as response )
Performance Testing
Need to test the performance of a specific function or loop ?
Use the Firebug 's " timer " feature .
Three step .
We begin by calling " console.time " and pass in a unique key .
Next , we insert our code .
Finally , we call console .
timeEnd , and once again , pass in our unique key .
7. Reference
This is an additional panel provided by CodeBurner , a Firebug
add - on .
As its name states , through this panel you 'll have quick access to your HTML
and CSS code .
Even if the panel is self - explanatory , we will still look over
it .
The searching and filtering section .
Here the results stack up , in our case there is only one result .
Compatibility panel for the latest major browser versions .
Yes , Chrome is
not in this list , but Chrome uses the same engine as Safari , namely Webkit , so if
it 's Safari compatible it will work in Chrome as well .
And if the information displayed in this panel is n't enough , you can find more info by accessing this link , like : examples , compatibility in more browser
versions , description , etc .
8. PixelPerfect
If you 've ever done PSD slicing , you know how time consuming the measurement
of spacing in between composition elements can be .
That 's where PixelPerfect proves it's
power .
Having this add - on in your toolbox will help you perform the perfect slice .
With this button we can add multiple overlay images for the current page .
Overlays list , from here we apply or delete the overlay .
Overlay settings section .
9. YSlow
Another Firebug add - on developed by Yahoo ! , which can suggest speed improvements
based on a series of tests performed .
Through YSlow , we can grade our website 's overall performance .
We can easily
spot issues which can be improved , and a series of recommendations are available
as well .
Apart from the pie charted statistics , we also have JSLint and Smush .
it at our disposal .
10 . FirePHP
Our last , but not least , important Firebug component is FirePHP .
With this
add - on , we can transparently send information ( warnings , errors , logging , info )
to the Console panel from our PHP code .
Example usage from FirePHP 's website :
Closing
I hope this small list of Firebug panels / add - on will make your life as a
web person easier -- as it did to me .
In the end , we all know that
bugs are bound to happen , so there 's no excuse for not being prepared .
Follow these links to download the add-ons :
Google data centres planned and built in Europe .
source : Flickr / Royal Pingdom
Need to find a Google data centre ?
Help is at hand , thanks to Royal Pingdom , which has analysed a Google Data Centre FAQ and used it to figure out where those centres - usually kept very close to the Googlechest - are .
If you include data centers that are under construction , Google has 19 locations in the US where they operate data centers , 12 in Europe , one in Russia , one in South America , and three in Asia .
Not all of the locations are dedicated Google data centers , since they sometimes lease space in other companies ' data centers .
( There are plenty more maps and pictures on the Royal Pingdom blog , if you need to know where the Google data centres in the Pacific are . )
It 's interesting though perhaps not surprising that the US is so important to Google .
And as Royal Pingdom points out ,
According to Google 's earnings reports , they spent $ 1.9 billion on data centers in 2006 , and $ 2.4 billion in 2007 .
Google unveiled four new data center projects in 2007 .
Each has a cost estimate of $ 600 million , which will include everything from construction to equipment and computers .
Do n't forget this is at a time when server sales have fallen off quite a steep cliff , where Microsoft , Yahoo and Amazon are among the biggest buyers ( though Google is reckoned to buy very cheap kit which it configures itself - including the use of Velcro ) .
Google 's a big buyer - but it's not helping server sales much .
All this also feeds into the question of how much energy gets used by each Google search ( still unresolved ) , and how fast the power demands of the net are growing .
Having more data centres is n't likely to reduce it any time soon - though Google says going carbon - neutral will .
Are we sure there are enough wind turbines and hydroelectric dams to power all those new centres ?
“ The proper drinking of Scotch whisky is more than indulgence : it is a toast to civilization , a tribute to the continuity of culture , a manifesto of man ’s determination to use the resources of nature to refresh mind and body and enjoy to the full the senses with which he has been endowed . ”
- David Daiches
No other spirit has been associated with manhood like Scotch whisky .
Whether it ’s the hooking punch in the mouth or just the raw and earthy process by which it is brought forth from barley and water , Scotch has held a prominent place in the lives of men from kings to authors to titans of industry .
What separates Scotch from its alcoholic counterparts is not just its unique background ( to be labeled Scotch , a whisky must be distilled and initially matured in Scotland ) , but the commonalities shared by the men who partake in its liquid mysteries .
The man who drinks Scotch is one who lives life to the hilt , savoring new challenges and discoveries on a daily basis .
He does n’t settle and he does n’t drink something just because it ’s there .
Few men drink Scotch to get drunk .
First off , it ’s too expensive ; the cheapest bottles of single malt cost around $ 40 .
But secondly , and much more importantly , each bottle of Scotch contains so much history , tradition , and attention to detail that the men who drink it are not just downing a beverage , but participating in a celebration of artisanship and the deep pleasures of life .
Becoming a Scotch drinker takes a little work and a bit of tongue maturity .
The young man that saddles up for his first bout with the historic elixir is often taken back by its overt potency .
But upon returning a second and third time , he slowly begins to get a sense of what makes Scotch so alluring and enjoyable .
In developing a taste for Scotch , a man is embarking on a lifelong journey that will take him along the clear waters of the River Spey , the rugged Highlands , the Isle of Jura ( which George Orwell described as “ an extremely unget - at - able place ” ) , and various other parts of Scotland where distillers like to say , “ It ’s as good as life used to be . ”
Therefore , to truly appreciate a good Scotch , a man must have an understanding of its rich history and the process that transforms ordinary barley into an extraordinary drink .
With this idea in mind the Art of Manliness ventures into the world of scotch , not because we believe you must drink alcohol in order to be a man , but because if you choose to do so , it should be in the tradition of gentlemen , with a clear conscious and a full heart .
History
Originally known as “ aqua vitae ” or “ water of life ” for it ’s healing properties , the first recorded reference to the substance is found in the Scottish Exchequer Rolls of 1494 .
The following , “ Eight bolls of malt to Friar John Cor wherewith to make aqua vitae , ” was the equivalent of several hundred bottles of whisky in today ’s standards .
This distilled beverage was used as a treatment for all kinds of ailments , with many of its users noticing the warm , calming sensation upon “ treatment . ”
Scotland ’s King James IV was recorded as purchasing whisky from the local barber upon a visit to Dundee in 1506 .
That he purchased it from the barber would not have raised any eyebrows in that time period .
“ In 1505 , the Guild of Surgeon Barbers in Edinburgh was granted a monopoly over the manufacture of aqua vitae – a fact that reflects the spirits perceived medicinal properties as well as the medicinal talents of the barbers . ”
Royalty and the clergy were not the only ones to enjoy whisky , however .
The farming community discovered new benefits of the distillation process near the end of the 16th century .
Both barley and oats were staple crops of Scottish agriculture , but due to their cold , wet climate , the long - term storage of grain was nearly impossible .
“ Maximizing the crop returns from this harsh Scottish soil and climate meant that some of the crop that could not be used immediately was turned into ale .
Ale could be kept for longer than dry grain but not indefinitely so the farmers soon learned that turning the ale into alcohol was an even better solution . ”
– Loch Lomond Distillers
The growth of Scotch whisky distillation continued for the next several centuries , surviving taxes , cumbersome government regulation , and smuggling to become a commercial industry in the 1700s .
In 1831 , the Coffey ( or Patent ) still was produced , increasing whisky ’s smoothness and drinkablity .
This , in combination with the destruction of France ’s wine and cognac industry at the hand ( or claw ) of the Phylloxera bug in 1880 , helped ensure worldwide growth of the scotch industry .
Since that time , a lot has changed and a lot has stayed the same .
Just as in any field , new techniques and practices have created a greater variety of products , but at the end of the day , distillers are still in the business of turning barley and water into a tasty concoction .
How Scotch Whisky is Made
The production process of scotch whisky is surprisingly simple .
It involves malting , mashing , fermentation , distillation , and maturation .
1 ) Malting — the process of turning barley into malt , very similar to the early stages of making beer .
Barley is soaked or “ steeped ” in water , drained , then spread out on the malting floor to germinate .
During the germination process ( generally 6 or 7 days ) , enzymes are released , which convert the starches into maltose , a sugar .
At this point , the malted barley is dried using the smoke from an underground furnace called a “ kiln . ”
The fire for the furnace is often stoked with peat which is why you ’ll hear scotch drinkers refer to a “ smoky peat ” flavor in many whiskies .
2 ) Mashing — the dried malt is then ground into a course flour with the consistency of oatmeal , called “ grist . ”
The grist is then mixed with hot water and pumped into a vessel called a “ mash tun . ”
In the mash tun , the water and ground malt is thoroughly mixed and allowed to steep so that the sugars in the malt are released into liquid .
This sugary liquid is called “ wort . ”
3 ) Fermentation — the wort is then drawn off and pumped into large wooden or steel vessels called “ washbacks . ”
Once there , it is combined with yeast and allowed to ferment .
The length of fermentation can be different depending on the environment , but it generally takes about two days .
“ The living yeast feeds on the sugars , producing alcohol and small quantities of other compounds known as congeners , which contribute to the flavor of the whisky , ” according to scotlandwhisky.com .
The resulting liquid is anywhere from 5 - 8 % alcohol by volume and is called “ wash . ”
4 ) Distillation — the wash is distilled twice ( single malt in a pot still , grain whisky in a Coffey still ) .
The first still is the wash still and is used to separate the water from the alcohol by boiling the wash , collecting the evaporated alcohol which condenses at the top and collecting it in a condenser .
The resulting liquid is called “ low wine ” and is approximately 20 % alcohol by volume .
The low wine is then sent through the second still , also called the “ spirit still . ”
This process is slower and the climate must be very closely monitored .
“ The stillman discards the first part of the distillate , called ‘ foreshots ’ and the last part known as ‘ feints , ’ because these contain unpleasant higher alcohols .
The center part of the distillation is preserved and this is the whisky we drink .
This spirit is colorless and gets its color during maturing in oak barrels , ” says expert Michael Moss .
5 ) Maturation — the unfinished Scotch is then placed in oak barrels , or casks , for the maturation process to begin .
Throughout the maturation the whisky becomes much smoother , increases in flavor and begins to retain the golden color of the barrels inside which it rests .
Traditionally second - hand sherry barrels were used to age whisky , but today bourbon barrels are also common .
Some producers experiment with other varieties including port , beer , cognac , and even wine .
Each barrel passes on a distinct flavor to its contents .
In order to be considered “ Scotch ” is must be aged in Scotland for at least three years .
Though each whisky reaches its maturation at different ages , most are now aged anywhere from 8 - 20 years .
Many feel that the longer a scotch is aged the smoother and more flavorful it becomes — old whiskies are also more rare and cost a quite a bit more .
For example , a quick internet search brings up a bottle of 25 - Year Highland Park Single Malt Scotch for $ 239 .
Geography — The Scotch Regions and Their Distilleries
Just as in the wine world , where names like Napa Valley , Burgundy , or Rioja tell someone not just where a wine is made , but what to expect as far as variety and flavor , Scotch whisky has its own geographic intricacies .
“ With the renewed appreciation of the variabilty of single malt brands there is new appreciation of the geographic guidestars that explain ( in surprisingly intuitive ways ) why a single malt like Talisker has a sharp saltiness in the flavor , why Speyside whiskies like Glenfiddich have a light , sweet characteristic , why a Campbeltown whisky like Springbank is different from a whisky of the peninsula to the north on the serrated coast , and why an open bottle of Islay whisky smells like your carpeting is on fire . ”
- Chris Cloud
Lowland — the whisky of this region is generally considered to be more mild , mellow , and delicate .
The three distilleries in operation include : Glenkinchie , Bladnoch , and Auchentoshan .
— the whisky of this region is generally considered to be more mild , mellow , and delicate .
The three distilleries in operation include : Glenkinchie , Bladnoch , and Auchentoshan .
Highland — the largest geographic region for Scotch includes well - known distilleries such as : Dalmore , Glenmorangie , Oban , Talisker , and Dalwhinnie .
— the largest geographic region for Scotch includes well - known distilleries such as : Dalmore , Glenmorangie , Oban , Talisker , and Dalwhinnie .
Islay — known for heavier , more smoky Scotch varieties , it has eight distilleries , each with their own unique character including : Ardbeg , Bowmore , and Laphroaig to name a few .
— known for heavier , more smoky Scotch varieties , it has eight distilleries , each with their own unique character including : Ardbeg , Bowmore , and Laphroaig to name a few .
Speyside — adjacent to the River Spey , the area with the largest number of distilleries to include : Glenfiddich , Aberlour , The Glenlivet , and The Macallan .
— adjacent to the River Spey , the area with the largest number of distilleries to include : Glenfiddich , Aberlour , The Glenlivet , and The Macallan .
Campbeltown — the smallest of the whisky producing regions , once home to several distilleries , but now only home to three : Glengyle , Glen Scotia , and Springbank
For a nice map displaying all the various distilleries throughout Scotland see http://www.scotlandwhisky.com/distilleries/
Drinking Scotch Whisky
So , enough about all of the details on the where and the how — they do n’t mean a whole lot unless you get to enjoy the final product .
The drinking of Scotch whisky should be enjoyable , not intimidating .
Everyone has their own opinions on how to drink Scotch , but the following are some general guidelines on the proper way to enjoy this storied spirit .
Glass —
While there ’s nothing wrong with using a standard tumbler , many scotch experts recommend using a tulip - shaped glass which allows the whisky to be swirled without spilling and , more importantly , concentrates the aromas at the neck of the glass .
As I ’ve discovered during my own searches , these glasses are sometimes a bit difficult to find .
The following are some great options for those not wanting to waste time searching high and low :
Here , here , and here .
We ’ve also got a great resource on the best whiskey glasses .
Water —
Some Scotch novices may sneer at the introduction of a small splash of water as not “ manning up , ” but they would be both stupid and mistaken .
While water is not a must , many Scotchmen will throw a little water in with their scotch to help enhance their ability to taste the individual flavors that can often be masked by the well - known “ burn . ”
Ice —
Many like to add ice , but it is generally considered poor form , simply because it lowers the temperature of the whisky , which in turn can hide or dull the flavors and aroma .
If you really want ice , no problem , but definitely try it without sometime — you may be pleasantly surprised .
See our guide on how to drink whiskey .
Your First Bottle of Scotch
For many of us young men , buying our first bottle of Scotch can be a tough decision .
The price is a bit higher than other spirits so we worry about choosing poorly .
I have no doubt that there are as many opinions regarding a good “ starter Scotch ” as there are bottles of whisky ( please leave your suggestions below ) , but for those wanting a recommendation , I would point them to my first , a bottle of Glenmorangie 10yr .
And apparently the experts concur .
While Glenfiddich and The Glenlivet tend to be the most widely enjoyed , Glenmorangie is said to be the most popular among the Scottish themselves .
Established in 1843 , the Sixteen Men of Tain perfected this single malt Scotch whisky using their own Tarlogie Springs mineral water .
Matured in bourbon oak casks , Glenmorangie is a light , sweet Scotch .
Though I am still learning to “ taste ” Scotch , new flavors seem to come out each time , including — honey , almond , and some various citrusy flavors .
In the end it does n’t matter so much which bottle you decide to buy , the key is trying all kinds of Scotch and expanding your palate .
Each new bottle should give you its own unique education .
Do n’t worry if your first try with Scotch is n’t love at first taste .
As mentioned above , it ’s a taste that must be developed .
In my own experience , each subsequent tasting made the whole affair much more enjoyable .
Finally , many men get confused on the issue of whether it should be rendered “ whisky ” or “ whiskey . ”
Here ’s a clever poem from the Bard of Banff , Stanley Bruce , to help you remember how to spell the word and what to look for when shopping for an authentic bottle of Scotch .
Whisky or Whiskey
A Scotsman who spells
Whisky with a n ‘ e ’ ,
should be hand cuffed
and thrown head first in the Dee ,
In the USA and Ireland ,
it ’s spelt with an ‘e ’
but in Scotland
it ’s real ‘ Whisky ’ .
So if you see Whisky
and it has an ‘ e ’ ,
only take it ,
if you get it for free !
For the name is not the same
and it never will be ,
a dram is only a real dram ,
from a bottle of ‘ Scotch Whisky ’ .
So what did I miss ?
Which bottle is your favorite ?
When it comes to Scotch there are millions of opinions so let ’s hear yours !
This petite punk rock blonde goddess has a killer body and perfect 36D tits .
She ’ll make your cock stand straight and your heart melt with just a look .
Christina Chaos is a she - devil !
[ mediaplayer src= ’
http://punkrocktits.com/vids/christina_chaos.wmv’ autoLoad=1 thumb= ’http://punkrocktits.com/vids/christina_chaos.jpg’ ]
Cum Play with Christina Chaos !
A few weeks ago , we brought to your attention the world 's best social media job .
The Murphy - Goode Winery is looking for someone to drink wine , update Facebook , write blog posts , and post YouTube videos about living in a beautiful private home within Sonoma County , all while being paid $ 10 k a month .
The reaction of the Mashable audience ?
Where do I sign up ?!
The contest for this position has brought about some very interesting applications .
Murphy - Goode made a smart decision by making a 60 - second online video audition the key component to the application process .
It has resulted in some very - well done films and several clips involving vikings , ninjas , and other things that make us shake our heads .
So , we thought that we 'd pick out some of our favorite applications so far for your enjoyment .
Be sure to tell us who you think should get the job in the comments .
And if you 've only just become aware of the existence of this amazing social media job and want to apply , you 're in luck - you have until June 5th to get your video and paperwork in .
1. Application # 425 : Adam Dyer
There are three things I love about Adam 's video .
First , he provides additional suggestions for using social media to promote Murphy Goode .
Second , he put his face on a comic book cover .
And finally , any video that uses the iconic theme music from Kill Bill gets my vote .
2. Application # 470 : Jesse Wells
Seriously .
Jesse Wells is wearing a Viking helmet .
That 's bound to be worth brownie points ... right ?
3. Application # 394 : Nicky Vallee
Nicky not only has a soothing voice , she can strum a guitar and most of all , she knows how to promote a product .
If I were Murphy Goode , I 'd give her a thumbs - up if only because she was smart enough to actually be drinking a Murphy Goode wine on camera .
4. Application # 471 : Rick Bakas
If Murphy Goode is n't looking for weird viking men to be the face of their social media campaign , then how about a man with 223,000 hits on his food blog and 16,000 Twitter followers ?
Clearly ,
Rick knows how to utilize social media , and he proves that in a very straightforward and non-condescending way .
It 's all about being authentic and interesting
Who 's going to be the best candidate for Murphy Good ?
Well , think about what social media is about : sharing , connecting , and interesting content .
So we like people who like to talk to others more than they like to talk about themselves , people with interesting talents or the ability to entertain an audience , and those who understand Web culture and what social media tools are available .
There are still several weeks until all the applications have to be in , so we 're looking forward to some very interesting applications .
Good luck to all the candidates !
PS .
We lied about the mud wrestler . :)
From TPM Reader RF …
I ’d have to agree with the first responder .
Sestak is my representative as well .
I donated money and worked hard for him in 2006 .
In 2008 I did neither because on some issues important to me ( the war and whether anyone in the white house should be punished for criminal actions ) he was a big disappointment .
He ’s very middle of the road on many things .
However , if he opposed Specter for the nomination I ’d donate and work for him again because he would be a * much * more reliable vote for so many important Democratic issues .
There ’s just no contest .
Arlen Specter thinks he ’s a middle of the road moderate because he says one thing and then votes the opposite and he believes that somehow balances things out .
Shares of Eddie Bauer Holdings had been trading for about 25 cents since last week .
For the three months ended April 4 , Eddie Bauer ’s loss increased to $ 44.5 million , or $ 1.44 a share from $ 19.3 million , or 63 cents , a year earlier .
Sales at full - price and outlet stores open at least a year declined 13.7 percent , in contrast to a 0.5 percent increase a year earlier .
( Sales were hurt in part by Canadian exchange rates . )
On top of the sales declines , the company had $ 427 million in debt and was struggling in the tight credit market .
In a court filing , the company said its debt load was a result of loans it took on when its onetime parent company , Spiegel , filed for bankruptcy in 2003 .
Eddie Bauer took on $ 300 million in debt , as well as Spiegel ’s benefits and pension plans .
The retailer said that about 50 percent of its earnings now go toward paying down that debt .
Even after cutting costs as part of its turnaround , Eddie Bauer made additional reductions .
In January , it cut about 15 percent of its nonretail staff .
The chain said it would also freeze salaries , limit its capital spending to about $ 15 million , rethink some benefits programs , reduce the size of its board and the board ’s compensation , and lower Mr. Fiske ’s salary by 10 percent for the rest of the year .
Eddie Bauer ’s proposed buyer , CCMP , is a middle - market private equity firm that once served as a buyout arm of JPMorgan Chase .
Last year , it hired Greg Brenneman , who helped fix Burger King and Continental Airlines , as its chairman .
CCMP first took a look at Eddie Bauer in 2004 , but was dissuaded from making an investment because the company was then focused on becoming a women ’s casual apparel chain , along the lines of J. Jill or Talbots .
“ When we looked at it in 2004 , we thought management was taking it in the wrong direction , ” Mr. Lynch of CCMP said .
“ Frankly , it had lost its way . ”
But a new management team led by Mr. Fiske began returning the company , founded in Seattle in 1920 , back toward its outdoor adventure roots .
( After nearly freezing to death during a hunting trip in the 1930s , the founder , Eddie Bauer , designed and eventually patented a quilted goose - down jacket . )
Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Bresnick said that Durham was a flight risk because he was facing eight to 10 years in prison if convicted of all charges , and that if he was freed on bail there was " absolute certainty " Durham would " obstruct justice , intimidate witnesses and tell them what they should or should not say . "
Long - time readers know that I 'm something of a browser fanatic .
( There are presently 30 or so installed on my Mac ) .
Perhaps my interest in anything related to Web browsers has its roots in the dark old days when ( shudder ) Internet Explorer was really the only Mac browser .
Whatever the reason , if there 's something new in the browsersphere , I 'm interested in it .
Recently , that meant taking a look at both Safari 4 and Chromium .
Now comes word that Opera has released Opera 10 Beta .
I 've had Opera on my machine for years , and would occasionally use it , mainly to make sure my sites were at least readable for someone using it .
I was never really comfortable with the user interface , though ; it just felt disjointed and not all that well put together .
After downloading the Opera 10 beta , I had a feeling things were going to be different as soon as I mounted the disk image -- whereas Opera 9 features a disk image set against a bold , garish red background , Opera 10 Beta has an easy - on - the - eyes architecturally - influenced blue background .
The changes run much deeper than a disk image background , however .
For Opera 10 Beta , Opera hired noted designer Jon Hicks to rework most of the interface .
The result , even early in the beta cycle , is impressive .
Opera no longer feels disjointed , and has a look that will be familiar to any Mac user .
( There are actually two themes in the beta ; the standard Opera theme and a Mac - specific theme , which is what 's enabled by default for Mac users . )
The changes are immediately noticeable and quite welcome , even though they 're relatively minor individually .
The tab bar has been reworked , and it's now much easier to see the break between tabs .
The active tab is highlighted with a nice gradient , instead of just a flat gray color scheme , and tabs are more clearly connected to their page content .
Toolbar buttons have lost their garish colors , replaced with standard Mac - like gray - and - black buttons .
Various boxes ( URL entry , for instance ) have also been reshaped to match the Mac standard .
Once you get beyond the pretty new skin , there are numerous low - level improvements .
Pages load up to 40 percent faster than in Opera 9 , and Opera 10 Beta scores a perfect 100 out of 100 on the Acid3 test ( something that only Safari 4 Beta has done , as far as I know ) .
SVG handling is also greatly improved , as is support for web fonts .
I compared a few resource - intensive pages in both versions of Opera , and Opera 10 Beta was noticeably faster .
For those on slower connections , Opera 10 Beta now has something called Opera Turbo .
According to the company , Opera Turbo " easily delivers 3 x to 4 x the speed of slower connections and can offer broadband - like speeds on dial - up . "
I do n't have dial - up here at the house , so I can't test the claims .
Enabling it on my broadband connection did n't have any appreciable impact , one way or the other .
One of the more - visible changes in Opera is the tab bar -- it now features a bold black background , making the tabs stand out more clearly .
But the real innovation here is the slidable thumbnail view .
Various browsers offer a thumbnail view of your tabbed pages -- OmniWeb , for instance , will show the tabs as thumbnails running down the side of a browser window .
Opera 10 Beta has a new implementation -- one I 've not seen before .
Below each tab is a draggable divider line ; pull it down with the mouse , and you 'll reveal thumbnails for each tab .
Move it up , and the thumbnails vanish .
Here 's what it looks like in action :
I like this solution ; it allows use of thumbnails when desired , yet they 're easily converted into tabs when you do n't want them .
You can now choose a number of layouts that display four , nine , 12 , 16 , 20 , or 25 icons .
You can also select your own background image , as seen in the image at right .
As was the case in prior versions , you can easily rearrange the page by simply dragging the thumbnails to your desired locations .
Opera 10 Beta includes new Web integration features that acknowledge the emergence of Web - based services to replace desktop apps .
For instance , if you 're a Gmail user , you can tell Opera 10 Beta to use Gmail when you click on a contact link on a Web page .
You can do the same thing with RSS feeds , and point them to your favorite Web - based feed reader instead of a desktop app .
There are lots of other minor changes in Opera 10 Beta .
The search box is now easily resizable via a drag handle , there 's a built - in spell check ( though it does n't use the OS X system spell check ) , enhanced e-mail sending , automated crash reporting , and improved Dragonfly , Opera 's web developer toolkit .
The beta is , of course , free to try .
If you 're interested in what 's new in the world of browsers , I think it 's worth a look -- between the new features and the UI redesign , Opera 10 for the Mac looks to be yet another strong contender for my browsing time .
This story , " Hands on With the Opera 10 Web Browser Beta " was originally published by Macworld .
She has asked that the CIA release the notes from that briefing , a request the agency has not granted .
she
doesn't
real
But Speaker Pelosi did not confine the question to the reliability of memory .
Instead , she made the allegation last week that the CIA intentionally misled her - misled Congress - and not just once , but routinely .
“ They mislead us all the time , ” she said .
She charged that the CIA , deliberately and as a matter of policy , violated the law by lying to Congress .
And with that allegation , Speaker Pelosi disqualified herself from the office she holds .
course
not
And , even when Congress was told about Agency activities , there were limits , at times , on what they were told .
remained silent when silence was tantamount to lying
could
The Niger uranium story becomes a matter of contention within the CIA ;
By early 2002 , the intelligence — still unverified — had begun to play a role in the Administration ’s warnings about the Iraqi nuclear threat .
On January 30th , the C.I.A. published an unclassified report to Congress that stated , “ Baghdad may be attempting to acquire materials that could aid in reconstituting its nuclear - weapons program . ”
obvious
Both ?
Still , claims that Democrats were fully briefed on the Bush administration 's torture program have been leveled as recently as last December by Vice President Dick Cheney and in books by former Bush officials such as John Yoo , the former deputy assistant attorney general at the Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) , who helped draft one of the four memos released last week .
But the veracity of those assertions have been called into question by former CIA official Mary O. McCarthy , who said senior agency officials lied to members of Congress during an intelligence briefing in 2005 when they said the agency did not violate treaties that bar , cruel , inhumane or degrading treatment of detainees during interrogations , according to a May 14 , 2006 , front - page story in The Washington Post .
" A CIA employee of two decades , McCarthy became convinced that ' CIA people had lied ' in that briefing , as one of her friends said later , not only because the agency had conducted abusive interrogations but also because its policies authorized treatment that she considered cruel , inhumane or degrading , " The Washington Post reported .
" In addition to CIA misrepresentations at the session last summer , McCarthy told the friends , a senior agency official failed to provide a full account of the CIA 's detainee - treatment policy at a closed hearing of the House intelligence committee in February 2005 , under questioning by Rep. Jane Harman ( California ) , the senior Democrat , " The Washington Post reported .
A California company alleged that an Internet - filtering program being pushed by the Chinese government contains stolen portions of the company 's software .
The company , Solid Oak Software Inc. , said it will try to stop PC makers from shipping computers with the software .
Solid Oak said Friday that it found pieces of its CyberSitter filtering ...
Four senators have written to the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) calling for an investigation into exclusive deals between cellphone manufacturers and network carriers .
Though the letter does n't name any particular companies , it appears that Apple 's deal with AT&T over the iPhone is a major target .
The group signing the letter includes former presidential candidate John Kerry , chairman of the Senate committee on communications issues .
He 's joined in writing the letter by members of both major political parties .
The letter says the committee already has a " comprehensive record " of evidence about exclusivity deals , in which a handset can only be used on one service network for a certain period after launch .
Such deals usually involve the network subsidizing the cost of handsets , which may otherwise be too expensive for the mass market .
( Source : senate.gov )
Four - Pronged Attack
The senators ask that the FCC investigate whether or not such deals are on the increase , and then consider four possible drawbacks for consumers :
Do the deals restrict choice for consumers who live in rural areas and are not covered by the particular network tied to a particular handset ?
Do the deals unfairly restrict the user 's ability to take full advantage of a phone 's capabilities such as tethering ?
For example : using a phone to provide an Internet connection to a computer , rather than use the computer 's WiFi connection -- this is banned under Apple 's deal with AT&T .
Do the deals unfairly hurt the competitive position of smaller local networks which are n't big enough to sign exclusive deals ?
Do the deals encourage or discourage the development of new ideas in handset development ?
The committee is holding its own hearing into wireless consumer issues later this week and says exclusive network deals will be a " focal point " of its questioning .
Apple 's deal with AT&T is n't the only exclusive agreement in the news recently .
Palm has a similar deal with Sprint to provide service for its newly - released Pre smartphone .
That deal also bans tethering , and Palm has already asked one website to ban its members from even talking about unofficial methods to tether the phone .
( Source : wikidot.com )
Earlier this week , Defense Secretary Robert Gates ordered the military to start setting up a new " U.S. Cyber Command . "
It 's a move that 's been discussed in defense circles for more than a year .
But despite the announcement – and despite the lengthy debate – no one in the military - industrial complex seems all that sure what this new fighting force is supposed to do , exactly .
Officially , the Pentagon still has a few months to figure things out .
Gates told his troops in a Tuesday memo that they have until September 1st to come up with an " implementation plan " for the new command .
But there 's a ton to figure out in the next ten weeks .
As Gates notes , that plan will have to " delineate USCYBERCOM 's mission , roles and responsibilities , " detail the command 's " minimum requirements " to get up and running , and sort out its " relationships " with the rest of the military – and the rest of the government .
In other words , just about everything .
Let me paraphrase a series of conversations I 've had this week with people working on this new command :
Is CYBERCOM supposed to be a new fighting force , a glorified IT department , an intelligence agency , or what ?
Mmmmm , unclear , to be determined .
If it 's a fighting force , how much offense or defense will it play ?
To be determined .
And what does cyber defense really mean , these days ?
TBD .
If it 's an intelligence agency , how far will the command go to protect civil liberties ?
To snoop on everyone , in the name of network security ?
TBD .
TBD .
Further complicating matters is that CYBERCOM might significantly reorder how the Pentagon organizes its geek brigades .
( Or not .
That 's TBD , too . )
Each of the armed services already employs thousands of people to keep its data and communications networks flowing .
The Defense Department already has an in - house shop , dedicated to building and maintaining its networks : the Defense Information Systems Agency , or DISA .
It has also has a far - flung group of cybersnoops , counter - snoops , and network attackers ; that would be the National Security Agency , or NSA .
How exactly all these agencies will combine – or whether they will combine at all – is one of the many CYBERCOM questions still left unanswered .
( Another : what does a recent and classified National Intelligence Estimate on cyber security recommend . )
But already , there 's tough talk in and around the Pentagon of budgets being defended , and personnel being kept .
When the Air Force tried to establish a cyber command of its own , it touched off an internecine scramble within the service .
None of the units wanted to surrender cash or crew to the new agency .
A veteran of that fight predicts there will be a similiar fight , surrounding CYBERCOM .
" They 're gonna to look at the new command as a gigantic beast to be slain – the son of a bitch who 's gonna take my money and my people , " this former senior military official says .
" The new command is gonna look at them and see – food . "
One thing that is pretty clear : NSA will be leading this emerging command .
Gates is recommending that NSA Director Lt. Gen. Keith Alexander also become the head of the new network force – and get a fourth star .
Gates is also suggests that the command set up its headquarters somewhere mighty convenient for Alexander : Ft. Meade , Marlyand , home of the NSA .
The clandestine agency – renown in the military for its geeky skills , and infamous among civil libertarians for its widespread monitoring of Americans ' communications – may also come to dominate the wider government cyber defense effort , as well .
Under the president 's recently - announced ( and also pretty vague ) network protection plan , the Department of Homeland Security is theoretically responsible for coordinating the network defense of the civilian government , and of the country 's critical infrastructure .
But DHS does n't have nearly the technical brains or the financial brawn of the Defense Department and the NSA .
Just look at the two departments ' budgets for next year .
As the * Wall Street Journal * notes , the Pentagon is planning to train " more than 200 cyber - security officers annually .
By comparison , the Department of Homeland Security has 100 employees dedicated to civilian cyber security , with plans to reach 260 next year . "
Which is why Homeland Security chief Janet Napolitano says that " NSA will provide technical assistance , both to DOD [ Department of Defense ] and to us . "
" That is the structure of the cyber policy plan that the president announced , so we absolutely intend to use the technical resources , the substantial ones that NSA has , " she tells Danger Room .
Alexander has said explicitly that he does " not want to run cyber security for the United States government . "
But could that wind up happening away – throwing a cloak of secrecy over all of network defense ?
TBD .
[ Photo : Air Force ; tech support : our newest intern ]
ALSO :
Charlotte is a much - loved apple pie originated in France .
The original recipe is slightly different , but the basic principle is the same – the combination of sweet soft dough and fresh fruits to create charlotte ’s splendid taste .
This light and airy pie has a balanced taste that could appeal to any gourmand ’s appetite .
You will need biscuit dough , which is very easy to make if you use a mixer .
There are lots of charlotte pie recipes .
As a filling , you can use not only apples , but also pears , bananas or any berries
Ingredients for Charlotte Pie
1 cup flour
1 cup sugar
3 eggs
0.5 teaspoon baking soda
1 tablespoon vinegar
100 g butter
4 - 5 apples
Cooking instructions
Yeah .
Today I came across this fine robotic design from Japan .
This floor - cleaning robot moves like a worm over the floor and wipes it up .
It is so the somehow more decent version opposed to the Roomba .
With a pair of Fukitorimushi and Roomba you can now wipe - up floors and vacuum clean carpets !
Fukitorimushi was shown at the Tokyofiber exhibition in Milano .
The floor - cleaner uses a special microfiber to wipe and a special " sensors " of blue - white light to search for dirt !
Say hello to a new era of home - robotics !
[ via ]
Advertisements
On MSNBC ’s Countdown tonight , host Keith Olbermann and conservative Chicago morning radio host Erich “ Mancow ” Muller denied right wing claims that Mancow ’s waterboarding had been a hoax .
Mancow said that for legal reasons the waterboarding had to be described as simulated , but it was real .
Check out the video .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
All of this started due to Gawker report that Mancow faked his waterboarding for publicity .
Mancow said , “ I lose and I lose and I lose on this .
The far right is mad at me because I said it was torture .
The left is mad at me because , well I do n’t know they are always mad at me .
I ca n’t win here , but what about the truth ?
It does n’t matter .
the truth has been lost here .
The CIA is very specific , head back water in the nose and mouth . ”
He explained the use of the word hoax in his publicist ’s email , “ Here ’s the deal .
It ’s selective .
You have to understand something , Citadel , my parent company , ABC , Talk Radio Network , building security , the Chicago cops came and said you ca n’t waterboard .
You can not do this .
Oh , we ’re not , we ’re not , and also the word stunt .
It is a radio stunt , hoax , stunt . ”
Mancow said that anyone who does n’t go party line faces this same kind of punishment .
He asked what about the truth ?
What happened to Americans able to debate ?
He said he was n’t trying to recreate Gitmo .
He said that people in both parties say what their parties tell them to say .
He said that torture supporters can’t allow this to be out there .
He asked how it could be faked .
The idea that this was a hoax that goes against Mancow ’s stated opinion on waterboarding is insane .
It is desperate spin by those who support torture .
If they ca n’t make a good argument in favor of waterboarding , then they are going to discredit the other side .
Gawker got played on this one .
Of course , it was real .
There are lots of cameras and witnesses to prove it .
Monty Python ’s Flying Circus was almost taken off the air because BBC bosses felt it was ‘ disgusting ’ , ‘ cruel ’ and ‘ unacceptable ’ .
Newly released documents reveal that the first show bombed in the ratings – scoring a pitiful three per cent of the total audience in October 1969 .
And although the programme soon found its audience , it had few fans in the higher echelons of the BBC .
Minutes of a crisis management meeting held in December 1970 reveal that many managers felt the progamme had ‘ gone over the edge of what was acceptable ’ .
One executive complained : ‘ This edition had contained two really awful sketches ; the death sequence had been in appalling taste , while the treatment of the national anthem had simply not been amusing . ’
The head of the BBC ’s features group , said she had found parts of the programme ‘ disgusting ’ , the controller of BBC One complained the show had ‘ gone over the edge of what was acceptable ’ , and the head of arts features , accused the Pythons of being ‘ nihilistic and cruel ’ .
The head of science features , said they ‘ wallowed in the sadism of their humour ’ while even the legendary Bill Cotton , head of BBC light entertainment , admitted the ‘ team seemed to have some sort of death wish ’ .
Only Desmond Wilcox defended the programme , asking what was wrong with ‘ cruel humour ’ , The Independent reports .
Published : 1 Jun 2009
Fashion designer Kenneth Cole is celebrating LGBT pride month as part of their " AWEARNESS " campaign with a unisex t- shirt for same - sex marriage .
The t- shirt reads " Those Against Gay Marriage Are n't Thinking Straight .
( Or Are They ? ) "
100 % of the net proceeds from t- shirt sales will benefit the Human Rights Campaign ( HRC ) the largest LGBT advocacy organization in the United States .
Click here to purchase your own limited edition Kenneth Cole HRC Tee
Kenneth Cole New
York is also holding host events in five cities - Los Angeles , New York , San Francisco , Chicago and Dallas - during Gay Pride Week .
On the designated nights , 20 % of the evening ’s proceeds will be donated to The Human Rights Campaign .
Los Angeles June 12 , 2009 4 - 9 pm Kenneth Cole New York Store , Beverly CenterNew York June 26 , 2009 4 - 9 pm Kenneth Cole New York Store , Soho , 595 BroadwayChicago June 26 , 2009 4 - 9 pm Kenneth Cole New York Store , Chicago 540 North Michigan AveDallas June 26 , 2009 4 - 8 pm Kenneth Cole New York Store , Dallas North ParkSan Francisco June 26 , 2009 4 - 8 pm Kenneth Cole New York Store , 166 Grant Avenue
Larimer County will pay $ 225,000 to the family of a man who died after being repeatedly hit with a Taser by sheriff ’s deputies , a decision that may have implications in other Taser cases , an attorney representing a Lafayette family said Tuesday .
“ I think police departments should have concerns about lawsuits like this , ” said Martin Beier , who is helping represent the family of another man who died after being hit with a Taser .
Ryan Wilson was hit while running from Lafayette police — a case that is still pending .
The settlement between Larimer County and the family of Timothy Mathis means his estate will receive payments of $ 100,000 and $ 125,000 from the county ’s risk - management fund to an annuity for his daughter .
The child can collect the money when she turns 21 , Larimer County Attorney George Hass said .
The settlement ends what could have been an expensive trial for everyone involved in the case , Hass said .
Beier said the settlement in the Larimer County case should prompt Lafayette and other police departments to rethink the use of Tasers .
“ I find it encouraging that there is a focus on the inherent risk of police departments using Tasers , ” Beier said .
Wilson , 22 , was running from Lafayette officers who were investigating a report of marijuana plants growing in the area of 2000 W. South Boulder Road .
The coroner ’s office ruled that Wilson died of an irregular heartbeat caused by a combination of the exertion from running from police , the Taser shock and a heart condition present since birth .
The Wilson family sued the city of Lafayette and the Taser manufacturer in 2007 .
In the settlement announced Tuesday , Larimer deputies encountered Mathis , 35 , on Oct. 3 , 2005 , when they were called to the 1000 block of South St. Louis Avenue in Loveland .
Mathis , reports said , was covered with blood and acting erratically .
Mathis — who had a criminal record — did not respond to orders to show his hands , and he was hit with the Taser .
That did not stop him from advancing toward the deputies with a large stone .
He was hit again , and during his arrest , he stopped breathing .
Deputies resuscitated Mathis , and he was taken to McKee Medical Center in Loveland , but he never regained consciousness .
He died Oct. 25 , 2005 , in the hospice ward of the hospital .
The coroner ’s office ruled the death a homicide , caused by a combination of electrical shock from stun guns and illicit drugs in his system , according to reports .
Deputies were cleared of wrongdoing in the case .
Monte Whaley : 720-929-0907 or mwhaley@denverpost.com
Taser safety remains disputed
Results of a three - year Wake Forest University School of Medicine study released in January found that of 1,201 reviewed incidents in which law enforcement used electrical weapons on criminal suspects , only three — less than 1 percent — resulted in significant injuries .
While two subjects examined by the study died in police custody , “ medical examiners did not find conducted electrical weapon use to be causal or contributory in either case . ”
But a December 2008 Amnesty International report lists more than 330 incidents in the United States between June 2001 and August 2008 in which a person died after encountering a Taser or similar type of weapon at the hands of law enforcement .
Eight of these incidents took place in Colorado , including the October 2005 death of Timothy Mathis in Larimer County .
Sources : Amnesty International ; Annals of Emergency Medicine ; Denver Post archives .
Compiled by Barry Osborne , The Denver Post
Welcome Best Seat In The House
Welcome to my personal opinions from the Best Seat In The House .
I am an award - winning ( numerous Associated Press , Michigan Press Association and more ) veteran newspaper sports writer , sports columnist , general columnist , page designer , graphic designer , photographer , marketer and more during his adult life .
I will also continue to supply this blog site to give me a venue to spout off on a number of issues that float in and out of my head .
I am looking forward to this writing opportunity and I hope to hear from as many people as possible .
I welcome all comments ... positive or critical .
Do n't be shy about sharing your opinions or suggesting some ideas of things to spout off about .
MOON — A Film By Duncan Jones ; Starring Sam Rockwell Official Entry – Sundance Film Festival Official Entry – SXSW Film Festival Official Entry – Tribeca Film Festival
In Theatres June 12 New York and Los Angeles .
Coming soon to a theatre near you .
A West Australian man suffering from swine flu and other medical problems has died in Adelaide .
The Aboriginal man is the first person infected with the virus to die from swine flu in Australia .
The South Australian Department of Health said he died from complications and underlying chronic health conditions .
The 26 - year - old man , from the remote Western Desert , was being treated at an Alice Springs hospital but was moved to Adelaide for treatment on Monday .
A spokesperson from the South Australian Department of Health confirmed his death to WAtoday this afternoon .
An Associated Press reporter 's official reprimand over an innocuous comment on his Facebook page has sparked the ire of union officials .
They are now demanding that AP clarify its ethics guidelines and are also urging reporters to watch who they add to their friends lists .
" We have seen about six Facebook problems over the last two months , with employees — maybe managers you have as friends — reporting potential issues to management , " union guild chief Kevin Keane wrote in a memo to union members last week .
" You must be careful who you allow on as friends . "
Richard Richtmyer , a Philadelphia - based newsman , set off Tuesday 's tempest with a seemingly harmless comment posted to his Facebook profile late last month criticizing the executive management of newspaper publisher McClatchy , whose stock plummeted following a 2006 acquisition of San Jose - based Knight Ridder .
" It seems like the ones who orchestrated the whole mess should be losing their jobs or getting pushed into smaller quarters , " Richtmyer wrote on May 28 .
" But they are n't . "
McClatchy , like countless other newspaper publishers , happens to be a member of the AP 's newsgathering cooperative .
Had the comment been uttered in real life , it likely would have dissipated into the rank air of a Philly journo bar .
But Richtmyer had some 51 AP colleagues as Facebook friends , some of them higher up in the AP food chain .
One turned out to be a " mole " — Richtmyer 's description — and the reporter was given a firm talking - to by AP management , who put a reprimand letter in his employment file .
Paul Colford , a spokesman for New York - based AP , declined in an e-mail to address Richtmyer 's case .
But he said that " guidance offered to AP staff is that participation on Twitter and Facebook must conform with AP ’s News Values and Principles . "
That ethics policy says writers " must be mindful that opinions they express may damage the AP 's reputation as an unbiased source of news .
They must refrain from declaring their views on contentious public issues in any public forum . "
The News Media Guild , which represents about 1,000 AP reporters around the U.S. , is crying foul , suggesting that the AP 's ethics policy is a blunt instrument when it comes to semipublic internet spaces like Facebook , where default privacy settings make comments like Richtmyer 's available only to a small circle of friends .
The union is asking the AP to fine - tune its policy , and to reverse Richtmyer 's reprimand .
The minidrama is an increasingly familiar one as companies and workers navigate the landscape defined by sites like Facebook , MySpace and Twitter .
Firings and reprimands over postings to social networking sites have become commonplace over the last year .
A stadium employee with the Philadelphia Eagles was fired in March after a Facebook post calling the team " retarded " for trading a star player .
A North Carolina teacher was suspended in November for posting on Facebook , " I hate my students . "
Three Harrison , New York , police officers were suspended in February after making untoward Facebook comments about their mayor .
And two New Jersey restaurant workers are now suing their former boss after they were fired for their rumblings about the restaurant management on MySpace .
The federal suit accuses the manager of logging onto the online discussion using another employee 's credentials .
One issue — at the AP , and probably everywhere else — stems from the touchy social and political etiquette of responding to friend requests from managers , who are n't necessarily friends in real life .
" We told the company months ago that we were concerned with managers asking to be invited onto Facebook pages of unit members , " Keane wrote in his memo .
" It 's fine if the manager is your real friend .
People may feel intimidated into saying yes to the invitation , and it's like they are in your living room with friends making all sorts of small talk . "
In a brief telephone interview , Keane said Richtmyer 's reprimand is more than a empty gesture of disapproval .
" Everything in your file can be used " toward terminating an employee , he said .
Private - sector workers have little , if any , protection from being fired or reprimanded for what they say online or off , said Wendy Seltzer , a First Amendment lawyer at American University .
" If you put it onto a Twitter stream or a Facebook page , if they get word of that , they can fire you , " Seltzer said .
" Electronic communications are more persistent , and more likely to find their way into the boss ' hands . "
Federal employees , she said , generally have a First Amendment protection against being fired for their speech , unless it " impedes the ability to do the job , " Seltzer said .
Richtmyer declined to be interviewed for this story .
Disclosure : David Kravets is a former AP reporter .
See Also :
I remember the first time I prayed for an enemy .
It was just outside An Khe , a village in the Central Highlands of Vietnam .
A helicopter gunship rocketed some North Vietnamese regulars who were about to attack us .
I prayed for those kids .
My top sergeant berated me for my prayer .
I realized then that my enemy was not the North Vietnamese , not the Viet Cong , but militarism .
As for the first sergeant , he was a good man who was simply unaware , unaware of the fact that loving an enemy means loving specific people , North Vietnamese in this case .
Loving can also involve mourning .
We mourn the loss of people loved .
If we truly love our enemies , then we truly mourn their loss .
For it is we the living who have lost a loved one .
In this way can we realize not only the humanity of an enemy , but our own humanity as well .
In the Tao Te Ching , a victorious warrior is advised to dress for mourning .
Perhaps that ’s a bit extreme by Western standards .
But it is to the point , for it makes the warrior and his neighbors consider what has been done .
War is no victory parade .
It must be seen for precisely what it is , a choice .
A painful choice .
A choice that calls for mourning .
Memorial Day honors soldiers who
Advertisement
died for our country .
Since I ’m a Vietnam veteran , that ’s OK by me .
I would
expand the memorial ’s concept , however .
I would like a day in which we mourn for all - - men , women , children , soldiers , civilians , friends , enemies -- who died because of militarism .
The Iraqis , for instance .
Greenpeace estimates that at least 120,000 Iraqi soldiers and 76,000 civilians were killed during the war .
Since then , the civilian death toll related to the war and its aftermath has reached perhaps a quarter of a million .
According to the New England Journal of Medicine , between January and August of 1991 , 50,000 children died as a direct result of health problems brought on by the bombing of the Iraqi infrastructure .
Total deaths among children are estimated to be 170,000 .
Can we mourn for 170,000 dead Iraqi children ?
I suspect the answer is “ Hell No ! ”
That answer is disturbing , because the opposite of mourning is not rejoicing ; the opposite of mourning is being numb to suffering .
Advertisement
Or perhaps , instead of expanding the concept of Memorial Day , we should create an entirely separate day of mourning .
Perhaps we should simply mourn for the children of the world .
A Children ’s Memorial Day .
Consider the following .
According to UNICEF , 1.5 million children have died in wars during the last 10 years ; 4 million are disabled by land mines , firearms and torture ; 5 million live in refugee camps ; 12 million lost their homes in a war .
Whole generations have lost years of schooling .
Millions are vulnerable to famine , illness and disability .
UNICEF admits that it cannot measure the numbers of orphans or the psychological traumas brought on by war .
And consider also that the United States is the world ’s leading arms merchant .
I recall reading somewhere that the third leading cause of death in Cambodia is land mines -- mostly American - made land mines .
A Children ’s Memorial Day would have a civilizing effect on us , for , in addition to mourning for these , the littlest victims of war , it would allow us to mourn what we have become .
And to love ourselves for what we can become .
Being civilized is not something we are just given .
In many ways , civilization is a constant series of choices and assents .
Granted that from the cradle we are given language , culture and so forth .
To be a peaceful society , however , this we choose .
To be peaceful in our language , in our actions , in our prayers , to this do we assent .
And assent and assent again and again , for in each instance when we feel threatened are we required to assent anew to peace .
Advertisement
I once heard another veteran , a North Vietnamese poet , say that every time he shot an American , he first aimed at the heart of that soldier ’s mother .
And for that soldier , and for that woman , did he mourn .
Let me be perfectly clear .
I do not begrudge our veterans their parades .
I ’ve marched in a few myself .
I ask my neighbors to join us old vets to mourn for all soldiers and all civilians , to mourn for all victims of militarism .
And to mourn those people by name .
Yes , to mourn for Robert , my childhood companion , a 20 - year - old who died in ‘ Nam in 1968 .
But to also mourn for Ahmed , a 5 - year - old stranger , who died in Baghdad this year for lack of clean water .
And to mourn for their mothers , their fathers , their families , relatives , neighbors , friends .
To mourn .
To love .
And , finally , to mourn for ourselves , our nation .
For in this manner may we learn to love our enemy as we love ourselves .
What do Programmers Feel About their Software ?
What do programmers feel about their software ?
Are they happy with they system ?
Disgusted ?
Saddened ?
I 've written a little program to find out .
It works by extracting the comments from the source code and feeding them into Synesketch , a textual emotion recognition and visualization engine .
The program ignores documentation comments , because those are written for public consumption .
I 'm only interested in the comments used for private communication between team members .
Here 's some results for well - known open - source Java programs .
Tomcat 4 Tomcat 5 Tomcat 6
Tomcat 4 looks pretty nasty but the team seem much happier with how Tomcat 5 and 6 turned out .
Enterprise Applications
And a couple of enterprise applications that will remain nameless :
This feels like so many enterprise projects I 've experienced .
How depressing !
Try it Yourself
I 've made the software available in a Bazaar repository at http://www.natpryce.com/bzr/project-painter.
You 'll need a Unix machine with a C99 compiler and JDK 1.6 ( I 've only tried it on Ubuntu 8.04 ) .
The main program is ' paint - project ' .
I 'm afraid there is no documentation , so you 'll have to read the source to work out how to run it .
Luckily there 's not very much of it .
Observers of the annual elitist confab known as Bilderberg have long known that plans discussed at the conference quickly become reality .
In 2002 , Bilderberg researcher Jim Tucker correctly predicted that the Iraq war would start in March 2003 ( not late 2002 , as many were predicting at the time ) .
In 2006 , Daniel Estulin correctly forecast the popping of the housing bubble and subsequent economic crash , a possibility that most talking heads in the corporate media were laughing at at the time .
In 2008 , Tucker forecast a dramatic drop in oil prices while most analysts were fretting about the possibility of $ 200 a barrel oil .
Tucker and Estulin have proven so stunningly accurate in their predictions not because they have a crystal ball , but because they have sources inside the Bilderberg Group and other organizations where financial oligarchs and their political puppets make decisions about our geopolitical future .
2009 is not even half over , but it seems the forecasts made by both Estulin and Tucker based on their 2009 Bilderberg sources are already proving to be accurate .
In a phone interview conducted as this year 's conference was getting underway in Greece , Daniel Estulin warned The Corbett Report that the powers that be were preparing to run up the stock market one final time in order to draw the masses back into investing before crashing the market .
Now , a worrying new report suggests that this is precisely the case as corporate executives start ditching their stocks at a rate not seen in years .
Watch an excerpt from the interview in the video player below :
The Bloomberg report suggests that the market — currently enjoying one of the greatest rallies in decades as stocks continue to rise from last year 's post - crash nadir — is about to have the rug pulled out from under it , a fact that corporate executives in the know are taking to heart as they scramble to get rid of their worthless stocks before the general public realize what 's going on .
Add to this the stunning news that U.S. Embassies around the globe have been instructed to prepare for a bank holiday in September and growing opposition to the Obama Administration 's stunning proposal to give the private Federal Reserve sweeping new dictatorial powers over the entire U.S. economy and there is little doubt that an economic collapse the likes of which Estulin discussed is becoming more likely by the day .
Should an economic collapse occur as predicted , social and political changes of world historical importance will be the inevitable result .
Jim Tucker , who also recently joined The Corbett Report for a telephone interview , has predicted that the ongoing world financial crisis will be manipulated by Bilderberg to further their long - held goal of crafting a North American Union along the lines of the European Union .
Indeed , we have already seen call for the centralization of financial regulatory power from Bilderbergers like German chancellor Angela Merkel , who argue that national sovereignty over financial regulation is what caused the crisis in the first place .
More chillingly , Estulin believes the worldwide economic depression which we are currently entering could ultimately result in the deaths of over 4 billion people , or roughly 2/3 of the planet 's population .
This is certainly one way to achieve elitist goals of vast population reduction , an item high on the agenda of another secretive meeting of billionaires ( chaired by Bilderberger David Rockefeller ) just weeks before this year 's Bilderberg conference .
Jim Tucker also stressed that manipulation of the swine flu hysteria was high on this year 's agenda , and that this crisis too would be used to consolidate power in international bodies such as the WHO .
Preparations for ceding more and more power to unaccountable international bureaucrats in the event of a flu pandemic have been carefully crafted for years , and now the butchering of national sovereignty is to begin in earnest .
Watch a portion of the Jim Tucker interview in the player below :
Again , recent events have made Tucker 's Bilderberg intelligence that much more credible .
Since Bilderberg , the WHO has declared the first pandemic of the 21st century , opening the door to the very WHO power grab that Tucker warned about .
The first real test of those powers may be as early as this fall , when a much - hyped seasonal resurgence of the surprisingly weak H1N1 flu may be used as an excuse to implement mass vaccinations .
Preparations for just such a plan have been made in country after country including Canada , the U.S. and France .
The prospect of the WHO using their own campaign of swine flu hysteria to justify mass vaccinations in countries around the globe is triply frightening .
Firstly , the vaccinations could be made mandatory , thus breaking fundamental tenants of freedom from forced medication which is the very pillar of a free society .
Secondly , the swine flu vaccine is being developed by the very company that earlier this year sent out doses of live bird flu to be mixed in with their flu vaccines , an " accident " so incredibly unlikely that doctors in the Czech Republic accused the company of actually attempting to provoke a pandemic .
Thirdly , the idea of a mass vaccination campaign is worrying because , as one of the co-developers of Tamiflu recently surmised , the recent swine flu strain itself was likely created during the vaccine production process .
For more information on the swine flu and the possible implementation of " medical martial law " , please watch the following video :
Although the verification of this Bilderberg intelligence is of course quite worrying , the fact that Tucker and Estulin 's sources have proven accurate yet again provides some small solace .
Firstly , it shows that the elitist plans can be exposed ( and , if enough political will can be mustered , stopped ) by legitimate researchers and alternative media .
Secondly , it further discredits the corporate controlled media , which has only begun to shift from its previous canard that Bilderberg does n't exist to its latest canard that Bilderberg exists but is not important .
The longer the corporate media continues to hold to this line in the face of blatantly obvious facts , the further discredited they will become and the faster the public will abandon the fast - disappearing media apparatus of the corporate propaganda machine .
Meanwhile , the alternative media will continue to grow exponentially and awareness of Bilderberg amongst the general public will continue to rise .
Related works from The Corbett Report :
Bilderberg 2009 ( podcast episode )
Tucker : Bilderberg to Exploit Swine Flu Hysteria ( article )
Around one in four people smoke Smoking costs the NHS five times as much as previously thought , researchers have calculated .
Treating disease directly caused by smoking produces medical bills of more than £ 5bn a year in the UK .
In 2005 , smoking accounted for almost one in five of all deaths and a significant amount of disability , the Oxford University team said .
The British Heart Foundation who funded the research said tighter regulations were needed on the sale of tobacco .
The figure of £ 5bn in 2005 - 06 equates to 5.5 % of the entire NHS budget .
Previous estimates have put the burden of smoking on the NHS at £ 1.4bn to £ 1.7bn , the researchers reported in Tobacco Control .
This is money being drained out of the NHS as a direct result of something we have the power to prevent
Betty McBride , British Heart Foundation
But these were based on data from 1991 and because such studies are complicated to carry out , it has not been updated .
For the latest analysis researchers took into account data from the World Health Organization study of what proportion of a disease is caused by risk factors such as smoking , NHS costs and UK deaths from smoking - related diseases .
They calculated that in 2005 , smoking was responsible for 27 % of deaths among men and around one in 10 among women , a figure that has not changed much in the past decade .
When looking at the costs to the NHS , they calculated that treating cancer caused by smoking costs 0.6bn a year and cardiovascular diseases cost 2.5 bn a year .
Long - term lung conditions cost £ 1.4bn .
Underestimate
This annual cost is still likely to be an underestimate , they say , because it does not include indirect costs , such as lost productivity and informal care , the costs of treating disease caused by passive smoking , or the full range of conditions associated with smoking .
However , the study is based on data collected before the ban on smoking in public places came into force .
Study leader Dr Steven Allender , said the increased costs were largely due to increasing expense of treatment on the NHS with better treatment and technologies .
" The story is not so much the five - fold increase but that £ 5bn is an enormous number regardless .
DEATHS FROM SMOKING England - 90,000 Wales - 6,000 Northern Ireland 2,500 Scotland - 11,000
" There 's two different ways of looking at this - one is if nobody smoked we would save £ 5 bn but the alternative view is this is an enormous health problem and should be moved back up the policy agenda . "
Drawing on their previous work on other lifestyle issues , he added that smoking cost five times more than lack of physical activity , twice the cost of obesity and about the same as an unhealthy diet .
A separate paper published by the team in the Journal of Public Health found that alcohol consumption costs the UK NHS £ 3 bn .
Betty McBride , policy and communications director at the British Heart Foundation , said : " This is money being drained out of the NHS as a direct result of something we have the power to prevent .
" Yet the true tragedy of this monstrous figure is the lives that are cut short or ruined as a result of smoking .
" This study shows exactly why we need the strongest possible measures to control the sale of tobacco . "
HAVE YOUR SAY I do think if you smoke , maybe you should pay some kind of premium for treatment if a smoking - related illness arises .
Louise , London A Department of Health spokesperson said : " The government has made great progress in cutting the number of people smoking by nearly 2.5 million over the last ten years but with 21 % of adults still smoking in England , there is much work left to do .
" We will be publishing a new tobacco control strategy this year to ensure England can look forward to a tobacco - free future . "
However , Simon Clark , from the smoker 's lobby group Forest , said the figure in the report was a guesstimate , and should be treated with contempt .
Mr Clark said it was preposterous to suggest that the cost of smoking to the NHS had risen dramatically , as smoking rates had been falling for 50 years .
He said : " Even if it was true , smokers still contribute twice that amount to the Treasury in tobacco taxation and VAT .
" Far from being a burden on society , smokers make an enormous financial contribution . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Looking for that perfect romantic trip for you and the one you love ?
Then take a look at our list of the world ’s top romantic destinations .
For unrivalled luxury , romance and relaxation these really are the crème de la crème , whether you want the privacy of a top hotel room or the isolation of a deserted beach , the trip of a lifetime awaits .
Geneva on the lake – Geneva , New York
This is located on the shores of Lake Erie , Geneva on the Lake is Ohio ’s first Summer resort , with many families planning a trip well well in advance .
Geneva on the Lake is an enviable tourist attraction in the form of a famous entertainment Strip burning with activity .
The arcades , amusement rides , restaurants , nightclubs , live music - it has it all !
Lake Erie offers water lovers a very good time with fun sports like fishing , boating , and swimming near the vicinity of the lodgings .
Turtle island - Fiji
Turtle Island is a famous luxury island resort in Fiji and is known to be one of the most romantic settings for arranging a memorable wedding or an unforgettable honeymoon .
Fiji has many scenic locales , provides excellent personalized service to visitors and charming spots all over the well - spread resort land .
Relaxation and adventure blend in well together at Turtle island , which is the renowned site globally recognized as the location for both ‘ Blue Lagoon ’ .
Vatulele island resort - Clovelly , Australia
Vatulele is a very beautiful island resort situated in Clovelly , the NSW region of Australia .
It is one of the worlds most romantic places to visit when considering spending intimate time with that special someone .
Vatulele also provides luxury and privacy along side the same time , that keeps the visitors feeling good .
Vatulele island resort is known as the forerunner of all exclusive resorts in the world and its development as a near - perfect tropical escape is what has earned it much reputation .
Safety harbor resort and spa – Florida
This is among the largest spa and fitness centers in America .
The Safety Harbor Resort and Spa in Florida is one of the top romantic destinations on any couple ’s list when planning a memorable trip .
The curative powers of mineral water combined with the Safety Harbor ’s relaxation programs are good for the mind and body .
It makes this place a must see for the world - weary travelers .
This is a perfect place for healing , and famous for a balanced therapy offerings for those seeking comfort and privacy .
The Safety harbor resort and spa is spread over an area of 50,000 square foot .
American Patriot getaways - Gatlinburg , Tennessee
American Patriot Getaways specialize in arranging the perfect romantic getaway for couples looking for quality time together in comfortable , cozy and tranquil surroundings .
The lodgings comprise of a wide variety of log cabins and chalets in locations near Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge and are a good place for getting that special person along for a romantic weekend , in the woods , away from city life and its hurried pace of living .
Abaco beach resort and boat harbor – The Bahamas
The Abaco Beach Resort and Boat Harbor is the most premier Bahamas resort destination in the Out Islands ; spread out expansively over 52 beautifully landscaped acres in the Marsh Harbor of Abaco , it offers a scenic setting for planning the ideal romantic holiday .
Secluded beaches , pristine waters and world - class sports fishing make the Abaco beach resort and boat harbor among the top choices when organizing a getaway with that special someone .
Outrigger Waikiki on the beach – Oahu , Hawaii
Outrigger Waikiki shore is the only deluxe condominium located right on Waikiki Beach with a spacious studio , one and two bedroom units to be the ideal getaway spot for a romantic holiday .
The services and modern amenities available at the neighboring Outrigger Reef on the Beach Hotel are contemporary and afford guests with the convenience of being away from city life but with the ease of familiar things too .
Settler ’s crossing – Fredericksburg , Texas
Fredericksburg , Texas is one of the 51 beautiful cities located in the Texas Hill Country and is the perfect place to plan a romantic getaway for all those with a love for small town old - worldly living styles - accompanied by a good dose of grand American history .
Marriott Champs Elysees – Paris
Right in the heart of the most romantic city in the world – Paris – is the ultimate name in luxury lodgings : the Marriott Champs Elysees .
The Marriott Champs Elysees Plaza has beautifully decorated , lavish , luxurious suites that are very spacious .
It is quickly becoming a must - stay choice for couples renewing or celebrating their love .
Stevens wood Lodge – Mendocino , Ontario
Mendocino , is around a four to six hour drive from San Francisco , a detail dependent on traffic more than driving skill or good roads .
Mendocino is quickly become a top romantic destination in the world and its great hospitality is extended to visitors by the way of quality boarding and lodging options .
It is great for a romantic weekend , the fine blend of wines available at Mendocino can set the mood for love songs and stories .
I made a wire sculpture like this years ago only it was just of a hand .
It was fun but it was a lot of work .
You have done a good job with this .
Do you plan on creating a skin for it ?
As expected , the Government has taken another shot at lawful access legislation today , introducing a legislative package called the Investigative Powers for the 21st Century ( IP21C )
Act that would require mandated surveillance capabilities at Canadian ISPs , force ISPs to disclose subscriber information such as name and address , and grant the police broad new powers to obtain transmission data and force ISPs to preserve data .
Although I can only go on government releases ( here , here ) , the approach appears to be very similar to the Liberal lawful access bill of 2005 that died on the order paper ( my comments on that bill here ) .
It is pretty much exactly what law enforcement has been demanding and privacy groups have been fearing .
It represents a reneging of a commitment from the previous Public Safety Minister on court oversight and will embed broad new surveillance capabilities in the Canadian Internet .
The lawful access proposal is generally divided among two sets of issues - ISP requirements and new police powers .
1. ISP requirements
There are two key components here .
First , ISPs will be required to install surveillance capabilities in their networks .
This feels a bit like a surveillance stimulus package , with ISPs making big new investments and the government cost - sharing by compensating for changes to existing networks .
The bill again exempts smaller ISPs for three years from these requirements .
While that is understandable from a cost perspective , it undermines the claims that this is an effective solution to online crime since it will result in Canadians at big ISPs facing surveillance while would - be criminals seek out smaller ISPs without surveillance capabilities .
Second , the bill requires all ISPs to surrender customer name , address , IP address , and email address information upon request without court oversight .
In taking this approach , Public Safety Minister Peter Van Loan has reneged on the promise of his predecessor and cabinet colleague Stockwell Day , who pledged not to introduce mandated subscriber data disclosure without court oversight .
2. New Police Powers
There are several new police powers that come with the lawful access approach .
First , police will be able to obtain transmission data about Internet - based messaging .
The government says this does not cover the content of a private communication , but it will cover information about what a person is doing online ( what sites they visit , who they communicate with , etc. ) .
This will be subject to a judicial order that will allow for obtaining real time data ( a warrant ) or historical data ( a production order ) .
Second , police can obtain a preservation order that would require ISPs to preserve ( ie. not delete ) data related to a particular subscriber or even a specific communication .
Third , there is an expansion of the police power to obtain a tracking warrant , by allowing police to " remotely activate existing tracking devices that are found in certain types of technologies such as cell phones . "
Fourth , the law expands the computer virus provision in the Criminal Code and opens the door to greater international cooperation of cybercrime enforcement .
As for what is not in the lawful access package , there is nothing on data retention , a controversial issue in Europe .
It is also not clear what reporting requirements the Government envisions to ensure that there is transparency in the process .
I 'll have more to say in the days ahead , but it should be stated that everyone wants to ensure that police have the ability to deal with serious crime .
Lawful access has been on the public agenda for years , with law enforcement has demanded new powers but not providing compelling evidence that the current system has created serious barriers to their investigations .
For example , last year CIRA caved to law enforcement pressure for a backdoor to WHOIS domain name registrant information .
More than a year later , law enforcement has never once used this backdoor .
Given the potential for misuse ( Greece , U.S. telcos ) , the onus should be on law enforcement to demonstrate how the current system has harmed investigations and then we should work on ensuring that there is always - including for customer name and address information - appropriate court oversight .
Michael Geist is a law professor and the Canada Research Chair in Internet and e-commerce law at the University of Ottawa .
[ / caption ]
Of all the perilous situations and technological issues the two Mars rovers dealt with , soft soil was n’t tops on my list of what might mean the end of roving on Mars .
The Spirit rover is stuck in an area of soft sand - like soil , slipping severely during recent attempts to drive , sinking the wheels about halfway into the ground .
The rover engineers and scientists has suspended driving Spirit temporarily while studying the ground around the rover and planning simulation tests of driving options with a test rover at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
“ Spirit is in a very difficult situation , ” JPL ’s John Callas , MER project manager said Monday .
“ We are proceeding methodically and cautiously .
It may be weeks before we try moving Spirit again .
Meanwhile , we are using Spirit ’s scientific instruments to learn more about the physical properties of the soil that is giving us trouble . ”
Spirit has overcome problems with her flash drive , survived climbing and descending Husband Hill with a malfunctioning front wheel , and recently prevailed over problems caused by cosmic ray hit which caused memory problems and “ amnesia . ”
Things were looking up for Spirit as three times in the past month , wind has removed some of the dust accumulated on Spirit ’s solar panels , increasing the rover ’s capability for generating power .
Spirit has been driving counterclockwise from north to south around a low plateau called “ Home Plate ” for two months .
The rover progressed 122 meters ( 400 feet ) on that route before reaching its current position .
In the past week , the digging - in of Spirit ’s wheels has raised concerns that the rover ’s belly pan could now be low enough to contact rocks underneath the chassis , which would make getting out of the situation more difficult .
The right - front wheel on Spirit stopped working three years ago .
Driving with just five powered wheels while dragging or pushing an immobile wheel adds to the challenge of the situation .
“ The improved power situation buys us time , ” Callas said .
“ We will use that time to plan the next steps carefully .
We know that dust storms could return at any time , although the skies are currently clear . ”
Opportunity also had problems with soft soil , running aground in a dune called “ Purgatory ” back in 2005 .
Extricating the rover from the dune required more than five weeks of planning , testing , and carefully monitored driving .
So , do n’t give up hope yet of the engineers figuring out how to get Spirit out of the bind she is in .
We ’ll keep you posted .
Source : JPL
BERKELEY , California —
A hundred years ago , zoologist Joseph Grinnell was thinking about you .
Long before ENIAC or ARPANET , the visionary first director of the Museum of Vertebrate Zoology at the University of California - Berkeley was focused on preserving data for future generations .
He and other research biologists fanned out across California trapping and preserving the animals of the state .
With famously rigorous attention to detail , Grinnell recorded every possible piece of information about each specimen .
He was known to exhort his colleagues to “ put it all down . ”
It ’s like he could see the spreadsheets of the future forming in his head .
“ After the lapse of many years , possibly a century , the student of the future will have access to the original record of faunal conditions in California , ” Grinnell once said .
Those records now form an incredibly valuable dataset that just keeps appreciating .
Jim Patton , director emeritus of the Museum , and a new team of research biologists have been hitting the fields of California to replicate Grinnell ’s earlier study of the “ faunal conditions ” of the state .
By comparing where thousands of species used to be found to where they live now , we can see how ecological change , most notably global warming , is pushing animals around .
Fifty percent of the animals they ’ve surveyed , like the Pixar - cute pinyon mouse , have experienced some kind of range shift .
On average , these animals have had to move 1,500 feet farther up mountains to continue living in the temperature conditions for which they evolved .
Patton , who bears a striking resemblance to Grinnell , warned that some animals , like the lodgepole chipmunk , will run out of room to shift upwards if — or really , when — global warming continues .
“ If it continues to march upward , [ the chipmunk ] is going to disappear because it ’s going to get pushed off the mountain , ” Patton said .
In this video , Patton explains how Grinnell ’s detailed notes translate to his own research and
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and book site for The History of Our Future ; Wired Science on Facebook .
The Brazilian navy on Monday found a huge piece of tail section from Air France Flight 447 floating in the Atlantic Ocean , raising hopes that crews will be able to find more wreckage to help determine what caused the plane to crash .
One U.S. aviation consultant said the almost perfectly intact vertical stabilizer provides evidence that the jetliner broke apart before hitting the water and said it resembles the condition of a tail that was torn off an Airbus that crashed in New York City in November 2001 .
The Pentagon confirmed that it had sent two electronic listening devices to aid in the search .
The devices are capable of detecting signals from “ pingers , ” or beacons that all commercial airliners carry , to a depth of four miles .
The Air France Airbus 330 disappeared May 31 en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris over a section of the Atlantic where the ocean floor is between two and four miles below the surface .
All 216 passengers and 12 crew members are presumed to have died .
Brazil has recovered 24 bodies .
Advertisement
The listening devices were flown aboard commercial aircraft to Brazil from Washington on Monday morning and were accompanied by a Navy crew .
The devices will be towed by two French navy tugboats based in Brazil .
In the 2001 accident , U.S. investigators found that pilots for the American Airlines A300 jet had encountered turbulence in the wake of another jet and that they applied so much force on the rudder that the tail tore off the plane , sending the craft into a sharp dive .
Robert Ditchey , an aeronautical engineer , former pilot and retired airline executive , said he was struck by the similar conditions of the Air France tail and the American Airlines tail .
Ditchey said he doubted the tail would have remained so well preserved if it had crashed into the water while still attached to the fuselage .
Investigators have learned that the Air France jetliner ’s autopilot was disengaged for unknown reasons about four minutes before the crash .
Advertisement
Ditchey said the new evidence opens the possibility that after the autopilot was disengaged , the plane encountered weather - related turbulence .
The pilots may have overcompensated , as pilots did in 2001 , and caused the tail to rip off , he said .
In Paris , an Air France pilots union said members should refuse to fly long - haul planes like the Air France Airbus that crashed unless the models are upgraded with improved airspeed detectors .
The call came days after Air France announced it had accelerated a program to replace the three independent flight speed detectors , known as pitot tubes or pitot probes .
The airline said the upgrading initiative was conducted “ without making any assumptions ” that the devices caused the accident .
All of Air France ’s long - haul Airbuses now have at least one of the latest pitot models , while nine out of 30 have two new probes , an airline spokeswoman said Monday .
Advertisement
The program to update the planes began April 27 and was accelerated after the crash .
Nevertheless , the union said that , “ so as not to reproduce a catastrophe , and while waiting for the results of diverse open investigations , ” it suggested that all its pilot members “ refuse all flights on A330 / A340 lacking at least two modified pitot probes . ”
--
ralph.vartabedian@latimes.com
Advertisement
Kraul is a special correspondent .
Special correspondent Devorah Lauter in Paris contributed to this report .
The average girl - next - door , right , with the ‘ average ’ shape is what men are looking for according to a new study
It is a finding that will quicken the hearts of size 14 women everywhere – gentlemen prefer Miss Average .
Men find the average shape of the girl - next - door more appealing than the ‘ perfect ’ proportions of models and centrefolds , a study found .
Most attractive of all is Miss Average – a 5ft 4in female with a 30in waist and 40in hips who wears a size 14 .
The Australian researchers asked 100 male students to rate the attractiveness of more than 200 drawings of female torsos of different sizes .
They then compared the most attractive torsos with the vital statistics of eight groups of women , including models , Playboy centrefolds and normal members of the population .
Surprisingly , the real women best matched the ideal body shape , with the best fit being a British size 14 , this week ’s New Scientist reports .
Bust sizes were not taken into account .
The researchers , from the University of New South Wales , said that many modern - day celebrities may simply be too thin to be tempting .
But they cautioned that adding other factors into the mix , including bust size , could alter the result .
And German research suggests that ordinary women do not have it all their own way .
The University of Regensburg study found an hourglass figure to be more attractive than one of average proportions .
Curvy women were also judged more appealing than either athletic types or long - legged , big- chested ‘ Barbies ’ .
Researcher Dr Martin Grundl said : ‘ Why the subjects prefer this body most of all is pure speculation .
‘ That is the nature of beauty – it is very easily to recognize but it is very hard to describe and to explain with words . ’
Other research has found that the male perception of what makes a woman attractive changes with the economic climate .
When times are prosperous , men apparently set their sights on younger , girlish - looking women , with big eyes and softer features .
But when the economy is in decline and social conditions are threatening , men seek solace in curvaceous women with more comforting maternal figures .
It follows that the carefree Swinging Sixties brought with them the gamine Twiggy , the elfin Audrey Hepburn and the doe - eyed Julie Christie .
The icons of today ’s less prosperous Nineties include more mature , statuesque figures such as Nigela Lawson and Kate Winslet .
But in a recession they go for curvaceous women with more comforting maternal figures like Kate Winslet , left and Nigella Lawson , right
Via Daily Mail
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Chrysler will soon be making cars again .
Chrysler Group announced Monday that it is restarting a factory , after shutting down all of its manufacturing for nearly seven weeks following the bankruptcy of Chrysler LLC .
Chrysler Group is the new company that emerged last week with most of Chrysler 's assets and a new ownership structure .
The first plant to reopen is the one that makes the Dodge Viper sports car .
The Viper has a 600 horsepower V - 10 engine and a price tag that starts at about $ 90,000 .
The Viper was introduced in the 1992 model year , and only 25,000 have been sold since then .
The Conner Avenue Assembly Plant in Detroit that makes the car employs 115 people .
Chrysler LLC had announced last year that it intended to sell off the Viper brand .
The high - performance , 10 - cylinder sports car sells in low numbers .
Ultimately , Chrysler said it had not received any bids that met its requirements .
Chrysler 's other plants remain idle .
" At this time , we can not give exact timing in regards to the start of production at our other manufacturing facilities , " Chrysler Group said in a statement .
The Viper brand and the plant that makes the car , the Conner Avenue assembly plant in Detroit , were taken over by the " new " Chrysler that emerged last week from bankruptcy .
The Chrysler Group is owned by a combination of the Italian automaker Fiat , the United States government , the United Auto Workers union 's retiree trust and the Canadian and Ontario governments .
Dustin Byfuglien Causes On Ice Royal Rumble
Total Pro Sports – During Sunday night ’s game between the Vancouver Canucks and the Chicago Blackhawks , Hawks forward Dustin Byfuglien caused a huge line brawl .
After going to net he decided it would be smart to take a run a run at Canucks goalie Roberto Luongo and punch him in the head .
This obviously was not a very good idea and it sparked a fight between all the players on the ice .
This was one of biggest fights we have seen in a while .
In one of the fights Canucks forward Alex Burrows can be seen pulling the hair of Blackhawks defenseman Duncan Kieth .
Not exactly a honorable fighting technique , but it can be highly effective at times .
Check out the video , which was sent to us by our friends at Hockey Webcast .
Share This
I 'm a big fan of Mark Siegel 's in two ways .
I loved To Dance , the nonfiction graphic novel he illustrated for his wife .
And Gene and I both love First Second Books , the graphic novel publisher for which he is the editorial director .
They simply make some of our favorite comics in the world ( many of which we have featured in the past ) .
So when our mutual friend Gina Gagliano offered to convince him to draw a guest Unshelved Book Club we were thrilled .
And when we saw the result we were blown away .
And if Mark did n't strictly follow the directions in terms of length , well , it was easy to forgive him .
I hope you enjoy his appreciation of Scott Pilgrim , of which we are also huge fans .
See : Israel Attacks Justice Boat ; Kidnaps Human Rights Workers ; Confiscates Medicine , Toys And Olive Trees
Updates below
Dandelion Salad
gazafriends
June 29 , 2009
The Spirit of Humanity left Cyprus on the 29th June at 7:30 am .
Will arrive in Gaza on 30th afternoon .
update at 8.30 pm 29th June : Dear Friends ,
We ’ve just heard from everyone on board the Spirit of Humanity .
They are almost halfway to Gaza , a little over 100 kilometers off the coast of the Lebanon / Israel border .
They ’re a bit tired , but everyone is in good spirits and determined to reach Gaza .
So far they have not seen any Israeli warships or had any radio contact with the IDF .
From aboard the Spirit , Free Gaza organizer Lubna Masarwa stated that , “ We ’re intent and unworried – we ’re sailing on .
We will go to Gaza , in solidarity with the people .
We want to break the Israeli siege in a practical way , and not just with words .
Our message to Gaza – from all the Palestinians in ’ 48 and in the West Bank , and from all the good people in the world is – You are not alone ! ” Images by Greta Berlin
the song “ Free Gaza ” by Anis Hamadeh
Vodpod videos no longer available .
***
The latest news from Cynthia McKinney via Anita Stewart :
The Spirit of Humanity , a Free Gaza ship is surrounded by Israeli Navy - radios jammed !
652 PM ESTAt 1:40 am ( local time ) , the Israeli Navy surrounded the SPIRIT while it is on its way to the Gaza Strip .
We got a call from the boat saying that they were being threatened , told to turn back or they would be fired on .
Huwaida Arraf , one of the delegation leaders , was on the phone with the Israeli gunboats , and we could hear her saying , “ You Cannot Open Fire on Unarmed Civilians ” several times .
At this writing , they are surrounded by several ships shining bright lights into the SPIRIT .
We just spoke to the passengers .
Everyone is OK , but the situation is still very tense .
They continue to be surrounded by Israeli warships which are threatening to open fire .
The Israeli Navy is actively jamming all navigation systems in violation of international maritime law , endangering the people on board .
Former U.S. Congresswoman , Cynthia McKinney , speaking from on board the SPIRIT , stated , “ I am extremely angry .
We demand that the Israeli government call off their attack dogs .
We are unarmed civilians aboard an unarmed boat delivering medical and reconstruction aid to other human beings in Gaza .
Why in God ’s name would Israel want to attack us and threaten our safety and welfare .
I call on President Obama and the international community to intervene now to prevent this situation from escalating with potentially drastic results to the civilians on board . ”
CALL or FAX Major Liebovitz from the Israeli Navy at :
Tel + 972 5 781 86248 or +972 3737 7777 or +972 3737 6242
Fax +972 3737 6123 or +972 3737 7175
CALL Mark Regev in the Prime Minister ’s office at :
Tel +972 2670 5354 or +972 5 0620 3264
mark.regev@it.pmo.gov.il
CALL Shlomo Dror in the Ministry of Defence at :
Tel +972 3697 5339 or +972 50629 8148
mediasar@mod.gov.il
Free Gaza Movement
357 99 081 767
http://www.freegaza.org
http://www.flickr.com/photos/29205195@N02/
*******************************************
THIS CAME THROUGH @ 750 PM EST
We just heard from the people on board the boat .
The Israeli navy is jamming the radio and preventing navigation systems from working .
This action is in direct violation of International and Maritime law .
If anything happens to the boat or its passengers , it will be the direct result of Israel ’s aggressive response to a civilian boat taking unarmed passengers to Gaza .
The Free Gaza Movement holds the government of Israel responsible for the safety and security of the passengers on board the SPIRIT .
We would like to emphasize that the boat is in international waters , and , as such , falls under the protection of international law .
Call , fax and email :
CALL or FAX Major Liebovitz from the Israeli Navy at :
Tel + 972 5 781 86248 or +972 3737 7777 or +972 3737 6242
Fax +972 3737 6123 or +972 3737 7175
CALL Mark Regev in the Prime Minister ’s office at :
Tel +972 2670 5354 or +972 5 0620 3264
mark.regev@it.pmo.gov.il
CALL Shlomo Dror in the Ministry of Defence at :
Tel +972 3697 5339 or +972 50629 8148
mediasar@mod.gov.il
Free Gaza Movement
357 99 081 767
http://www.freegaza.org
http://www.flickr.com/photos/29205195@N02/
***
Update 1
from Anita Stewart
The Twitter :
FREE GAZA’S ship w/ Cynthia McKinney aboard is surrounded by Israeli Navy .
STANDOFF 4 now .
C MAP & TWEETS : http://www.freegaza.org/live
http://dignity.ning.com
http://www.myspace.com/dignityaction
http://www.twitter.com/dignityaction
http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Dignity-Action-Movement/108382693351
From 927 PM EST
Dear Friends ,
We just spoke again with our people aboard the Spirit of Humanity .
The Israeli Navy is continuing to try and intimidate the ship , and is actively jamming its radar , GPS , and navigation systems in direct violation of international maritime law .
This jamming is extremely dangerous and directly threatens the welfare and safety of everyone aboard our civilian ship .
Because their instrumentation is being jammed , they are using compass & paper to attempt to navigate .
They are in international waters & they believe their location is approximately 110 km off of the town of Hadera .
Everyone is tired but determined .
They are not being deterred by the Israeli aggression & are continuing toward Gaza .
Please help them .
***
from Anita Stewart
http://www.freegaza.org
Update 2
Tuesday , 30 June 2009 05:04 Written by Free Gaza Team
This is a HELP message .
We have been contacted by the Israelis but are still fine , do n’t worry .
ESN:0-7490415
Latitude : 32.3741
Longitude : 33.6536
Nearest Location : not known
Distance : not known
Time:06/30/2009 06:55:58 ( Europe / Nicosia )
http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&hl=en&geocode=&q=32.3741,33.6536&ll=32.3741,33.6536&ie=UTF8&z=12&om=1
***
Video :
New Red Cross Report On Gaza : Residents Trapped In Despair !
see
Freegaza – Press Conference , Today , Journalist House , Nicosia , 17:00 - 17:30
Israel Attacks Justice Boat ; Kidnaps Human Rights Workers ; Confiscates Medicine , Toys And Olive Trees
Free Gaza Special Edition :
In Cyprus , determined to sail to Gaza
Interview with Cynthia McKinney on Gaza
They Denied Us So They Would n’t Have to Ram Us ! –UPDATED
Gaza
Israel - Palestine - Gaza- Occupation
Visual Sources for The Lord of the Rings
In a letter drafted in 1971 , J. R. R. Tolkien recounts this incident :
A few years ago I was visited in Oxford by a man whose name I have forgotten ( though I believe he was well - known ) .
He had been much struck by the curious way in which many old pictures seemed to him to have been designed to illustrate The Lord of the Rings long before its time .
He brought one or two reproductions .
I think he wanted at first simply to discover whether my imagination . . .
THIS ARTICLE ONLY AVAILABLE TO SUBSCRIBERS .
FOR QUICK ACCESS :
As President Obama lines up his foreign ambassadors , he 's tapped two of his strongest Hollywood supporters -- music industry scion Nicole Avant and Wild Brain CEO Charles Rivkin -- as United States ambassadors to the Bahamas and France , respectively .
Tough duty .
But not everyone can drive the 405 every day .
It just seems that way .
Avant , of course , is the daughter of music - industry legend and longtime Bill and Hillary Rodham Clinton friend Clarence Avant and the sister of Democratic activist Alex .
She was the first in her still - so - tight - with - the - Clinton 's - family to break away and declare for Obama .
Rivkin , who once headed Jim Henson productions , will be his family 's second - generation citizen diplomat .
His father was John F. Kennedy 's ambassador to Luxembourg and Lyndon B. Johnson 's representative to Senegal and Gambia .
Back when Obama and Hillary both were candidates vying for Hollywood 's support , ex-DNC chief and current Virginia governor candidate Terry McAuliffe attended a dinner at Haim Saban 's Beverly Hills compound and ribbed Nicole Avant by saying that she'd " never get to Paris " as ambassador if she did n't sign on with Clinton .
Turns out he was doubly wrong ; seems you can get to both Rue St. Honore and Nassau .
-- Tina Daunt
Speaking of Paris , avoid those crowds .
Click here to get Twitter alerts on each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Entrepreneur Jeffrey Hollender launched a mail - order catalog business 20 years ago and nursed it for more than a decade before it became profitable .
That company is now Seventh Generation , and there ’s no more catalog , but there certainly is a ton of recycled toilet paper — and all - natural cleaning supplies and non -toxic personal - care products .
It ’s a product category that has seen massive growth in the last few years as environmental issues have risen to front - page news status .
In fact , Seventh Generation saw its biggest numbers recently — posting about 50 percent growth last year .
Which is exactly why Hollender has decided it ’s time to step down from his role as CEO .
Sound like odd timing ?
Not for Hollender .
“ I realized that I lacked most of the experience that would be required to manage that growth to its fruition , ” he says .
Hollender was also growing increasingly torn between other projects like writing — his next book , In Our Every Deliberation , comes out next month — and speaking gigs , and a TV program called Big Green Lies .
“ As I wandered around the offices , I began to wonder what all the people in different rooms were doing . ”
So as of last week , there was at least one more new face in the Seventh Generation offices : Chuck Maniscalco .
He comes to the company from PepsiCo , where he was CEO of the $ 10 billion Quaker , Tropicana , and Gatorade division , which he calls “ very purpose - driven businesses . ”
Maniscalco , who actually came out of retirement to take on this job , says he ’s determined to manage Seventh Generation ’s growth in a way that remains true to the company ’s commitment to sustainability .
As for Hollender , he ’ll be continuing in the role of “ Chief Inspired Protagonist , ” focusing more on corporate responsibility and sustainability advocacy work rather than being involved the company ’s day - to - day operations .
I spoke to the two of them in a three - way conference call just days after Maniscalco took over his new office .
Here ’s what they had to say :
Q. One of the reasons you ’re leaving , Jeffrey , is because of the massive growth Seventh Generation has seen recently .
What do you attribute that success to ?
A. Hollender : I think that we live in a world where there is a tremendous sort of search for purpose and meaning .
In some respects , who Seventh Generation is and what we aspire to helps people be the people they want to be and live the lives they want to live and that is a stark contrast to what they often experience from [ other ] companies and businesses … [ It ] builds a strong and deep connection to people that I think is more important than it has perhaps ever been .
Now , that ’s not enough ; you have to also get your products on the shelves of stores at the right price and the products have to work the way people expect them to work .
Q. Speaking of getting your products on the shelves at the right price , are you still refusing to sell them in Wal - Mart ?
A. Hollender : Historically , that was true ; up until a year ago while we were in a very close dialogue with Wal - Mart and working to help them become a more sustainable and responsible business , we were not comfortable selling to them .
But the progress that Wal - Mart has made in the past three to four years is astounding and absolutely an incredible inspiration for what ’s possible of a large company .
Does that mean they ’re perfect today ?
No , but they have made more progress than just about any company that I can think of and that progress has led us to experiment with them in a small group of stores . …
So it ’s really a question for Chuck in terms of when is the right time and what is the right way , but there is no philosophic issue that restrains us from doing business with them .
Q . Do you feel like it ’s possible for a big company like Wal - Mart or PepsiCo to commit to the same standards of sustainability that Seventh Generation has ?
Photo : Chrystie HeimertA .
Maniscalco : I think it would be difficult for any company to ever reach up to the standards that Seventh Generation has set .
I ’ve never seen it before , and I probably will never see it again and that ’s why I ’m here .
Having said that , Wal - Mart , for example , was a very big customer for PepsiCo and Quaker Oats , and Wal - Mart over the course of the last several years has been the single biggest force in getting companies in the consumer packaged - goods world to take waste out of their products , out of their packages , and out of the supply - chain stream .
So I think they can be a force for good .
Hollender :
And they can move quicker than government or any regulatory agency .
Now , they do n’t all use that power in ways that are beneficial , in fact we would n’t be in the situation we are if they did .
But I do n’t believe that we can solve the urgent problems that face us — whether it ’s global warming , or whether it ’s a crisis of fresh water or species disappearance — without aggressive leadership from the business community .
Part of the role that Seventh Generation wants to play is showing business that being responsible is good business and being sustainable is good business , and that we ca n’t afford to have business stand in the way of the progress we need to make to become more sustainable .
Q . In the same vein , is it possible for a company like Seventh Generation to scale up ?
You ’ve said your goal was to take the company from $ 150 million annually to $ 1 billion .
How do you plan to do this while maintaining a commitment to sustainability ?
A. Maniscalco :
It ’s a question of how to get big and be authentic at the same time …
Even with all of the growth this business has had over many , many years , we have still tapped into a minority of the consumers out there who care about what we offer in our products and who care about what the company stands for … so there ’s still distribution opportunities .
And from a consumer standpoint , this group of people is already big and it ’s growing by the day , because all of the issues that we all know the world is facing are becoming much more apparent to more people .
So I absolutely think it ’s doable , but you have to do it with real care and real discipline .
And that ’s our charge .
Hollender :
It helps to be a private company so that we do n’t have to answer to shareholders who ’ve purchased stock in the company who might not share our vision or our values .
We choose our investors as carefully if not more carefully than our employees , because the alignment of those investors is absolutely critical .
I also think that what I ’ve experienced is that a company with the mission we have is a magnet for the best talent in the marketplace … that ’s one of the ways in which we will scale , because we can get the best and brightest people to come and join what we ’re doing .
Q. When you started Seventh Generation , you were a big fish in a little pond .
That pond is more crowded now ; is there enough room in the pool for everyone ?
How do you feel about the competitors like Method who are on the shelves with you at Target or other stores ?
A. Maniscalco : People always say they love competition and they rarely mean it .
I would say , in this case , we love competition and we do mean it .
In my view , the more people who come into this space — and do so legitimately — the greater good we ’re serving .
And as Jeffrey pointed out before , we do n’t succeed against our mission if we do it all by ourselves .
Secondly , the more people that come into this space and do it right , the more awareness and understanding consumers will have about how to behave responsibly .
The challenge for us , I think , is to ensure that we keep driving standards higher and higher and higher , so that as other people come along , we still have a significant edge over them .
Hollender :
One of the biggest gaps that exists today is a green product does not make a green company .
And what we need to do — and what we need our customers , consumers , and partners to do — is to push businesses beyond greening a teeny part of their business , to embrace sustainability across everything they do .
When you look at the competitive landscape today , it ’s mostly large companies taking a small part of their portfolio and making it greener than it was before .
I think that consumers will increasingly look for sustainable companies , not just sustainable products .
Q . You ’re touching on a major problem for consumers : greenwashing — companies putting out products that have green labels on them , but are n’t really following that up within the actual product or their company as a whole .
What can consumers do to make sure they ’re buying a legitimate product ?
A. Hollender :
Well , I ’ll just mention two things .
One is we have a great application that you can download to your phone or your computer or your PDA .
As you ’re walking down the aisles of a grocery store , you can use this application to help make better choices .
Secondly , we are big advocates of what the Good Guide is doing , and we think that the service that a third party like the Good Guide provides in making independent evaluations of the products on the shelf is a very valuable service to consumers .
Q . What is the biggest challenge for a business wanting to be truly sustainable ?
A. Hollender : I think we face a couple of challenges .
Clearly , education is a huge challenge , so it is critical that we help consumers make conscious and responsible choices .
We need greater transparency so that they can make informed decisions .
Secondly , we live in a regulatory environment that often encourages us to do the wrong thing because companies are allowed to externalize so much of their costs that dangerous , environmentally irresponsible products often cost less than sustainable , responsible products .
If consumers are shown the full cost of the products and services that they ’re buying , there ’s no question that they will increasingly choose responsible , sustainable products .
Q. How can we show them that cost ?
A. Hollender :
There are hundreds and hundreds of examples , and some of them directly affect our business .
We ’re in the business of selling recycled tissue paper , and the government — for the last year in which a calculation was made — spent a billion dollars subsidizing the virgin timber industry by building roads and allowing that timber to be cut at below - market prices .
What that does is it artificially makes recycled fiber more expensive .
All of these things send the wrong message to the consumer , and we need to actively make sure that the government and the regulatory agencies are reflecting decisions that are in the best interest of future generations , not the shareholders of some of America ’s largest companies .
Q. So , it ’s got to be a political - activism sort of thing ?
A. Hollender :
It does , and Chuck ’s going to allow me more time to do that , which I ’m looking forward to .
Maniscalco :
The great news is we ’ve now got Jeffrey playing a much bigger role in that big external environment , and I can get really focused on driving [ the company ] from the inside , and I think that ’s a really good one - two punch .
Hollender : Absolutely .
We ’re subtly sending a message to all these large companies that they better , to a certain extent , watch out because this is a game - changing event for our business and for our industry .
The addition of Chuck to Seventh Generation will dramatically accelerate the need for everyone to rise to a higher standard and move more quickly in a sustainable direction .
Stefan arrived in Italy two years ago after fleeing his native Cameroon .
A trained journalist , he was granted asylum on humanitarian grounds and now lives in Turin .
I left my country to escape the widespread prejudice targeting albinos such as me .
People are starting to talk more and more about the plight of albinos in Tanzania , but things are much the same in Cameroon .
Different parts of our bodies are sought for their supposed miraculous powers : to become rich , win elections or concoct love potions .
In south - west Cameroon , where I studied , there is an old belief that when the local volcano erupts , only albino blood can placate the god of the mountain .
When I was fifteen , we found the body of my elder brother , also an albino , with his heart and testicles removed .
I was forced into hiding several times .
It was very hard for me to cope with other people ’s scorn .
My parents insisted I get a proper education , but there is no special treatment for albinos with poor eyesight .
Still , I managed to complete university degrees in journalism and English literature .
There is a lot to be done in countries such as Cameroon to ensure albinos have access to healthcare and education .
But we must do our bit to educate other people and raise awareness of such major dangers as skin cancer .
We must persuade other people and the government to make it possible for albinos to play their part in society . ”
The AACS Licensing Authority , which licenses the AACS content protection scheme ( read " DRM " ) used in high - definition Blu-ray discs , has released the terms of its " AACS Final Adopter Agreement " online .
Buried in its 188 pages of cryptic terms are details of what the AACSLA is calling the " analog sunset " — an eventual phasing out of analog output of AACS - protected content .
The goal of this phasing out is to plug the " analog hole , " whereby digital content can be copied by redigitizing the analog output of a Blu-ray player , for instance .
Digital signals transmitted over HDMI are already protected by the HDCP scheme , which provides encryption between players and HDTVs and monitors .
The terms of the agreement state that AACS licensees must limit analog output to interlaced SD resolution ( " composite video , s- video , 480i component video and 576i video " ) for any device manufactured after December 31 , 2010 .
Then , after December 31 , 2013 , no device that can decrypt AACS content can be made with any analog output whatsoever .
By 2014 the vast majority of TVs made are likely to be purely digital devices .
But plenty of older , analog - only , perfectly functional HDTVs will still be around in a few years .
And , as the EFF notes , discs can be encoded with an Image Constraint Token that can limit analog output despite a player being capable of higher resolution analog output .
Particularly puzzling is the fact that plugging the so - called " analog hole " wo n't stop direct digital ripping , enabled by software such as AnyDVD HD .
And even the MPAA itself recommends using a camcorder pointed at a TV as a way to make fair use copies , creating another analog hole .
All this time and effort to block means of casual copying , though , does n't really thwart commercial pirates , and serves mostly as an annoyance to paying customers .
HDCP has already presented issues for users with newer Blu-ray players and older HDTVs , and for some users of newer Macs attempting to play iTunes content on non-HDCP - equipped monitors and projectors .
Further reading :
You can read all 188 exciting pages of the AACS Final Adopter Agreement via this handy PDF .
Listing image by Flickr user gobbo1000
Trouble in Tokyo
Tokyo reported terrible GDP numbers a few weeks back .
The U.S. dollar was spurred by this report , moving 5 whole cents , from 93 and 1/2 to 98 and 3/4 .
But believe it or not , the news is still working magic in the market .
In short , it initiated a new change in currency relationships .
Up until this point in the last several months , any time the U.S. dollar weakened against the pound or euro , it strengthened against the yen , and vice versa .
Now the U.S. dollar is taking on all challengers .
All three of the other majors weakened together , while the U.S. dollar went on to make new credit crisis highs .
However , on Friday of last week , it appeared that the old correlations may have been coming back .
The end of the week brought U.S. dollar weakness against the yen , but strength against the euro and pound .
So let ’s look at the skinny on this dollar / yen relationship a bit more .
It was n’t just last week that brought about a revival in the yen ’s weakness .
Since Jan. 21 , the yen has lost 12 % against the greenback .
That ’s in only five weeks … a pretty substantial move .
On the technical side we saw it put in the infamous double bottom formation .
It has moved steadily in favor of the dollar ever since .
The question in my mind is this :
While Japan ’s GDP number was deplorable , it was n’t entirely unexpected , was it ?
It came at the end of a long line of bad news .
Consider that industrial output fell 8.5 % in November , 9.8 % in December and then 10 % in January .
Exports dropped a whopping 45 % in the last year .
Many pundits bemoan the U.S. plight of being a non-manufacturing economy , but Japan ’s numbers show that manufacturing economies are faring no better than service economies .
But in spite of all this bad news , how has Japan ’s currency continued its stellar rise , and why now does it appear to be reversing ?
Have the fundamentals become just too bad to ignore ?
Or is something else afoot ?
Currencies do not rise and fall on the sheer strength or weakness inherent in them or in their economies .
They rise and fall because of the factors of supply and demand .
The yen was not appreciating because it was the strongest or the surest or the safest .
It was driven to these levels simply because the money flows from the long - held carry trade absolutely overwhelmed the market ’s ability to distribute them quickly enough .
In other words , for years , a popular trade was to borrow yen and use them to buy just about any other currency .
Since the yen had an official interest rate of zero , traders could borrow them practically for free .
Then they ’d use the yen to buy a currency producing a higher rate of interest .
The profit came from the appreciation of other currencies against the yen , as well as in the form of the interest rate differential .
This is what is commonly called the yen carry , or the carry trade .
Its simplicity made it exceptionally valuable .
How could you go wrong ?
If you can get something for free , and then sell it at any price , you will always make a profit .
But when the housing crisis began to unfold , followed by the credit crunch , traders began to worry that their high - paying interest rate differentials might be in serious trouble .
What if the high - paying currency they were holding defaulted ?
What if the banks started cutting interest rates and they could no longer get that primo return ?
What if pigs started flying ?
What if ?
What if ?
What if ?
And so , the panic began .
and traders began “ unwinding ” ( getting out of ) their carry positions .
What did this do to the yen ?
As you know , all currencies are traded in pairs .
That is , you sell one currency then buy another .
For the years of the successful carry trade , traders sold the yen to buy other money .
In doing so , the yen became less and less valuable the more it was sold .
Japan , as an exporting manufacturing economy , was perfectly content for it to be so , as it made their goods cheaper for the rest of the world to buy .
But when panic and fear gripped the market , and traders started to get out of their carry positions , it meant that they were selling everything else and buying back the yen .
More buyers meant fewer yen .
More demand on less yen meant higher prices .
So the yen began appreciating like a rocket , especially against the dollar .
Was it fundamentally more sound ?
Was it an interest rate acceleration that propelled it ?
Not at all .
Just as there was no real reason for the U.S. dollar to be at 123.50 during the middle of 2007 , there was also no economic rationale for the yen to be at 88.00 either .
As the world was flooded with euros , pounds , Aussies and kiwis , the yen was forced higher and higher .
The money flows were essentially a one - way street , and the yen could only go in a single direction : up .
But now that the vast majority of these trades are unwound , and the money flows are subsiding in this trade , the fundamentals are again reasserting themselves .
Japan ’s economic condition is considerably weaker than that of the United States , and it appears that there is little the country can do about it .
Printing money has not worked in the past , and it is not likely to start working now .
Perhaps world demand for their goods will increase .
It is doubtful , but even so , there is nothing that they can do to alter that factor either .
Finally , in a world where no one is buying , trying to change from a manufacturing / exporting economy to an economy that favors domestic consumption does not happen overnight .
Regards ,
Bill Jenkins
TEHRAN  Iranians angry at the results of last week ’s election pushed their protest forward on Wednesday , from tens of thousands who again flooded the streets here to six soccer players on the national team who wore opposition green wristbands at a World Cup qualifying game .
But there were signs of an intensified crackdown :
The government worked on many fronts to shield the outside world ’s view of the unrest , banning coverage of the demonstrations , arresting journalists , threatening bloggers and trying to block Web sites like Facebook and Twitter , which have become vital outlets for information about the rising confrontation here .
The senior prosecutor in the central province of Isfahan , where there have also been tense demonstrations , went so far as to say protesters could be executed under Islamic law .
As nations around the world urged Iran ’s leadership to exercise restraint , Mir Hussein Moussavi , the opposition presidential candidate who the government said finished second , and one of Iran ’s chief reformers , Mohammad Khatami , issued a joint letter urging an end to violence and arrests .
Ace GOP strategist , Mark McKinnon -- for both George Bush and John McCain -- thinks Ensign should resign immediately .
And he told him so .
" I think the silence [ from other GOP leaders ] is inexcusable .
We 've got to be able to call out our own bad apples when they turn out to be rotten and this is a rotten apple .
We should n't have to remind our elected officials -- who should be held to a higher standard -- of their firmly held convictions .
This is a guy who campaigned on ' higher standards ' and accused others of hypocrisy and now he 's guilty of it himself ...
You ca n't be the ' party of family values ' and not value your family -- which is precisely what is happening with John Ensign .
" Polls show his popularity rapidly diminishing .
And Ensign has changed his story again and now claims that Doug Hampton was trying to extort him " for cash and other financial benefits . "
Every photographer in DC wants to snap a picture of Ensign and Vitter together .
Meanwhile , let 's hope videographer Max Blumenthal decides to turn this into a docudrama .
Labels : Ensign , McKinnon , Nevada , Republican hypocrisy
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
President Obama gave a strong endorsement of the American Clean Energy and Security Act ( ACES ) at a White House press conference today , calling it “ historic legislation that will transform the way we produce and use energy in America . ”
The White House press corps did n’t seem to notice , asking not a single question about the bill , its reach into the American economy , or about energy and climate in general .
Instead , reporters asked questions about the timing of his statements on Iran ’s election and about his personal smoking habits .
For real .
“ How many cigarettes a day do you now smoke ? ” Margaret Talev of McClatchy Newspapers asked him .
“ Do you smoke alone or in the presence of other people ?
And do you believe the new law would help you to quit ?
If so , why ? ”
The energy bill , as Grist ’s Kate Sheppard reports , could receive a vote in the House as soon as this Friday .
The extent Obama is willing to lean on lawmakers to pass the bill has been a key question in determining whether the bill will pass , and in how strong a form .
But it has n’t become a “ real ” story for the White House press corps , apparently .
Not to diminish the importance of health care and what ’s happening in Iran , but … Obama ’s smoking habits ?
C’mon , now .
Here are the president ’s full remarks on energy , from his opening statement :
Now the second issue I want to address is our ongoing effort to build a clean energy economy .
This week , the House of Representatives is moving ahead on historic legislation that will transform the way we produce and use energy in America .
This legislation will spark a clean energy transformation that will reduce our dependence on foreign oil and confront the carbon pollution that threatens our planet .
This energy bill will create a set of incentives that will spur the development of new sources of energy , including wind , solar and geothermal power .
It will also spur new energy savings , like efficient windows and other materials that reduce heating costs in the winter and cooling costs in the summer .
These incentives will finally make clean energy the profitable kind of energy .
And that will lead to the development of new technologies that lead to new industries that could create millions of new jobs in America — jobs that ca n’t be shipped overseas .
At a time of great fiscal challenges , this legislation is paid for by the polluters who currently emit the dangerous carbon emissions that contaminate the water we drink and pollute the air that we breathe .
It also provides assistance to businesses and communities as they make the gradual transition to clean - energy technologies .
So I believe that this legislation is extraordinarily important for our country .
It ’s taken great effort on the part of many over the course of the past several months .
And I want to thank the chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee , Henry Waxman ; his colleagues on that committee , including Congressmen Dingell , Ed Markey and Rick Boucher .
I also want to thank Charlie Rangel , the chair of the Ways and Means Committee , and Collin Peterson , the chair of the Agricultural Committee , for their many and ongoing contributions to this process .
And I want to express my appreciation to Nancy Pelosi and Steny Hoyer for their leadership .
We all know why this is so important .
The nation that leads in the creation of a clean - energy economy will be the nation that leads the 21st century ’s global economy .
That ’s what this legislation seeksto achieve .
It ’s a bill that will open the door to a better future for this nation , and that ’s why I urge members of Congress to come together and pass it .
If you ’re still curious , here ’s Obama ’s response to the smoking question .
TAYLORSTOWN , Pennsylvania ( Reuters ) - A small Pennsylvania town is trying to ban coal mining in a battle being played out across the state as rural communities try to assert control over mining , gas drilling and other businesses .
Attilia Shumaker , an environmental activist , stands on the porch of an abandoned house that she said was abandoned because coal mining caused the land beneath it to shift , cracking the house 's foundation and basement in Blaine Township , Pennsylvania May 12 , 2009 .
A small Pennsylvania town is trying to ban coal mining in a battle being played out across the state as rural communities try to assert control over mining , gas drilling and other businesses .
Blaine Township , a community of 600 about 40 miles ( 65 km ) southwest of Pittsburgh , hopes to trigger a legal battle that could determine the rights of municipalities throughout the United States to control corporate activity .
Picture taken May 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jon Hurdle
Blaine Township , a community of 600 about 40 miles southwest of Pittsburgh , hopes to trigger a legal battle that could determine the rights of municipalities throughout the United States to control corporate activity .
Some legal experts say the township is highly unlikely to win that fight .
For now the dispute is in federal district court , where major energy companies have sued the township over three ordinances that would ban coal mining and require companies in any business to disclose their activities to local officials .
Penn Ridge Coal LLC , a unit of Alliance Resource Partners , and Allegheny Pittsburgh Coal Co. , a unit of Allegheny Energy , say Blaine ’s laws violate their corporate rights .
The companies say the ordinances would prevent them from mining 10.6 million tons of recoverable coal beneath the township -- enough to supply electricity for 2 million people for a year .
The township has gone further than any of the 120 U.S. municipalities -- most of them in Pennsylvania -- that have passed ordinances to curb corporate activity such as factory farming or spreading sewage sludge , said its lawyer , Tom Linzey of the Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund .
Of three townships sued by corporations over their ordinances , only Blaine has refused to back down , Linzey said .
Elsewhere in Pennsylvania , towns are resisting efforts by energy companies to extract natural gas from the massive Marcellus Shale formation amid fears that toxic chemicals used in drilling are contaminating ground water and endangering human health .
CREEKS DIVERTED
In Blaine , residents are seeking to prevent coal mining -- which they expect to begin there in 2011 -- because they fear it will ruin their houses and disrupt water supplies , as they say it has in surrounding areas .
They want to block longwall mining , a technique that rips tons of coal from underground without putting anything in its place , causing the land above to sag .
The practice , which has been used in coal - rich southwest Pennsylvania since the 1970s , has cracked the walls , roofs and basements of homes and opened fissures in the land , diverting or draining creeks and ponds .
In neighboring Morris Township , Tammy Bowman pointed to a pile of broken wood and concrete -- all that ’s left of an outbuilding she said was destroyed by shifting ground from mining beneath her 19th century farmhouse .
“ It just started to drop and drop , ” she said .
“ It got so bad , you could n’t even walk in the door . ”
One section of her house is held up with mechanical jacks .
Near the village of Graysville , the 62 - acre ( 25 - hectare ) Duke Lake , once used for fishing and boating , now sits empty after the shifting ground opened a crack in its retaining wall , environmentalists say .
Blaine ’s three ordinances , passed in 2006 , 2007 and 2008 , also assert that communities have a right under the U.S. Constitution to control business within their boundaries and that corporations do not have constitutional rights as “ persons ” to sue municipalities for passing laws that would hurt corporate interests .
“ This illegitimate bestowal of civil and political rights upon corporations prevents the administration of laws within Blaine Township and usurps basic human and constitutional rights guaranteed to the people of Blaine Township , ” says the township ’s Corporate Rights Ordinance of 2006 .
To implement the ordinances , township supervisors are now campaigning for “ home rule , ” a legal code that transfers some powers from state to local control and is commonly used to raise taxes or increase the number of supervisors on a board .
ESTABLISHING HOME RULE
Blaine supervisors want to use home rule to establish what they say is the township ’s constitutional right to control corporate activity .
Voters on May 19 approved a plan to set up a commission to study the proposal and recommend whether to adopt it .
A third lawsuit has been brought by Range Resources , a natural gas company , asking the court to invalidate Blaine ’s demand that corporations disclose their activities .
Penn Ridge Coal and Allegheny Pittsburgh Coal are asking U.S. Judge Donetta Ambrose of the Western District of Pennsylvania to declare Blaine ’s ordinances invalid and unenforceable .
In April , Judge Ambrose denied the township ’s motion to dismiss the case .
She is expected to rule late this year .
Linzey predicted the case will eventually go to the U.S. Supreme Court because it pits energy companies who want to exploit one of America ’s richest coal seams against residents who are determined to resist what they see as rapacious mining .
He conceded the court is unlikely to overturn more than 100 years of established law that gives corporations rights as “ persons ” under the constitution , but he said the expected outcome would become a springboard for a popular campaign for a constitutional amendment to strip corporations of those rights .
Blaine ’s supervisors said they want to establish a principle of local self - government that will inspire other communities .
“ Who dictates how we are going to live here ? ” asked Board spokesman Michael Vacca .
“ Should it not be us ? ”
Advertisements
On CNBC , Rick Santelli went on another rant , but when told that we have to worry about ordinary Americans , Santelli said that ordinary Americans , “ should get a better education and earn more money , ” but at the same he blasted spending more money for education .
Here is the video from Media Matters :
Advertisements
Rick Santelli is so out of touch .
He has no idea what is really going on .
He blasts Obama ’s budget for increasing the deficit , but anytime Bush is mentioned he claimed that he did n’t want to talk about the past .
I do n’t think that Santelli can see anything but the markets .
He has no idea that it is n’t easy to get an education , and earn more money .
His logic goes back to an old conservative myth that poor people are lazy .
These people are n’t lazy .
Many of them lost their jobs due to the collapse of the markets that Santelli so viciously defends .
Notice that Rick ’s main beef is that he wants more federal money for the credit crisis .
Federal spending is good when it benefits him , but now is n’t the right time for education and healthcare .
Santelli has no clue .
He is advocating cutting spending in a recession .
After the tea bag protests were called nonsense , Santelli said , “ Oh , it ’s nonsense !
It ’s nonsense !
Forty - six percent of the population is nonsense … Let ’s go hug Chavez and tell tea baggers they ’re criminals . ”
Nobody has called tea baggers criminals , unless their crime is unintentional comedy .
Rick Santelli needs to stick to talking about the markets , and leave the economic discussions to people who know something about the subject .
He is so insulated that he no grasp of the reality that millions of people are facing right now .
He is a cartoon character who is advocating 80 year old failed economic policies , and should n’t be taken seriously by anyone .
Invité ce matin sur Europe 1 pour présenter son projet de grand studio de cinéma qui verra le jour en 2012 en banlieue parisienne , Luc Besson est revenu sur la loi Hadopi .
Il respecte la décision du Conseil constitutionnel , mais estime que l'Hadopi était préférable pour les internautes à l'intervention du juge .
Le réalisateur - producteur Luc Besson était parmi les lobbyistes les plus engagés derrière le projet de riposte graduée .
Il ne pouvait pourtant pas en ignorer les motifs d’inconstitutionnalité exposés par les députés de l’opposition pendant les débats , puisqu’il les a très souvent suivi jusque tard dans la nuit depuis les tribunes de l’Assemblée Nationale .
Christine Albanel avait même plusieurs fois salué sa présence et son soutien .
Beau perdant , il a reconnu ce matin sur Europe 1 que « le Conseil constitutionnel fait son travail , donc s’il estime que c’est pas légal , c’est pas légal « . «
Ils font très bien leur boulot « , a -t - il même ajouté .
Mais , a -t - il aussitôt regretté , « je pense qu’on ne peut pas opposer la liberté des internautes à la liberté des auteurs .
Il y a des droits d’auteurs , on ne peut pas y opposer des droits des internautes « .
« Les droits d’auteur sont bafoués depuis des années , le gouvernement et les autorités doivent régler ce problème .
On est pillé , on est volé , ou est bafoué , il faut simplement régler ce problème « , a intimé le producteur .
Il a , ensuite , assuré les auditeurs de la radio que le projet de loi Hadopi était mieux intentionné que le résultat provoqué par le Conseil constitutionnel .
«
Les gens ne se rendent pas compte que ce que propose le Conseil est pire « , a ainsi insisté Luc Besson .
«
Là maintenant il y a un juge qui va venir , et qui va mettre des amendes , parce qu’un juge ça coûte de l’argent à l’Etat , et obligatoirement il y aura des amendes et ça va coûter très cher aux internautes .
La solution avant était bien meilleure , pour eux « .
L’enfer est pavé de bonnes intentions , paraît -il .
Mais ce que n’a pas précisé Luc Besson aux auditeurs d’Europe 1 , c’est que le Conseil constitutionnel n’a pas simplement exigé la présence d’un juge pour sanctionner les internautes .
Il a surtout exigé que la présomption d’innocence soit respectée .
Un détail qu’oublie aussi Christine Albanel .
This should have been one of the most important weekends in Shontale Taylor 's life .
The Milpitas High School senior had looked forward to it for years .
June 13 was graduation day and Taylor is the first in her family to get a diploma .
But there was no cap and gown moment for her .
The school barred her from graduation because of the role she played in breaking up a fight on campus .
Taylor was suspended last month after a teacher witnessed her pulling the hair of another student .
She did it as she was attempting to break up a fight between that girl and another student .
Witnesses , including the alleged victim , have disputed the claim .
The suspension violated the school 's honor code , which made Taylor ineligible to graduate .
The San Jose Mercury News posted her story on Wednesday night and ever since a long line of people have stood in Taylor 's corner in an attempt to get the school board to change its mind .
Many spoke on her behalf Friday night .
No go .
The board refused to let her participate in the event .
They said she is eligible for the summer graduation in August .
Taylor is not your average student .
She has truly beaten the odds .
Taylor has been in foster care nearly all her life .
Statistics show 90 percent of foster care student do n't graduate , so getting here is an accomplishment .
Taylor said she accepts the school board 's decision .
Instead of sitting with the graduating class , she sat in the stands in support of her friends .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
On the eighth day of the Cannes Film Festival , World War II epic Inglourious Basterds is all anyone is talking about .
A violent saga about Jewish freedom fighters stalking Nazi soldiers in occupied France , Quentin Tarantino 's film receives its gala premiere later at the Palais des Festivals .
The critics have already seen it , though , with reactions ranging from chilly to ecstatic .
At a press conference this morning , however , its 46 - year - old creator said he was happy to take his chances .
The film marks Pitt 's first collaboration with Tarantino ( right ) " All the world 's film press from the planet Earth - they 're all here , " he said with typical ebullience .
" There 's something about them all being here and seeing you drop the movie , bam - everybody weighs in at the exact same time .
" It 's like the cat is out of the bag for the entire planet Earth , and I 'm down with that , " the Pulp Fiction director continued .
" I am not an American filmmaker .
I make movies for planet Earth and Cannes is the place that represents that . "
' Real pleasure ' Hollywood actor Brad Pitt , who plays the leader of the eponymous killing squad , said it had been " a real pleasure " to work for " an auteur " like Tarantino .
" More than anything as I get older , it 's really about the company I keep , " he said when asked what had drawn him to the project .
Making a film , he added , " takes you away from your family for months .
" So it had better be with people you respect , and it better be something that means something to you . "
" Artistically me and Brad have been sniffing around each other for a while , " smiled Tarantino .
Pitt plays Lieutenant Aldo Raine , a character named after actor Aldo Ray
BBC review : Inglourious Basterds
" One of the questions I get asked a lot is ' what actor would you like to work with ? '
And Brad has always been one of the ones I 've said . "
" Quentin came to visit at the end of the summer with the script , " elaborated his leading man .
" We talked about it until the wee hours of the night .
" I got up the next morning and saw five empty bottles of wine lying on the floor and something that resembled a smoking apparatus .
" Apparently I agreed to do the movie because six weeks later I was in uniform .
Go figure . "
' Disjointed '
Critics have been generally supportive of the film , with trade paper Variety describing it as " a violent fairy tale in which the history of World War II is wildly reimagined " .
" Surprising , nutty , windy , audacious and a bit caught up in its own cleverness , the picture is a completely distinctive piece of American pop art with a strong Euro flavour . "
Screen International 's critic had reservations , however , summarising the film as " a series of long - running vignettes strung together by a slender story thread " .
" With some of the scenes running up to half an hour each , the thread of the drama is left disjointed and the focus ever - changing , " writes reviewer Mike Goodridge .
Inglourious Basterds - whose curious spelling Tarantino has refused to explain - will be released in the UK on 21 August .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Here ’s a little bit of sunshine in the midst of the recession storm .
Under the College Cost Reduction and Access Act of 2007 , students heading into public service careers can decrease , or eliminate altogether , their student loans .
To mitigate the financial cost of schooling and the low pay in the public sector , the federal government will either reduce loan payments based on family size and income or forgive loans completely .
Those public service jobs are n’t looking too shabby now , are they ?
Now that I ’ve got your attention , the careers that will benefit from this program include military , volunteering , teaching , and legal or medical practice in under - privileged areas .
Considering the stability that we currently see in these careers , this is definitely something to look in to .
You wo n’t be a millionaire , but you will have a job and you wo n’t have to sweat over your student loan payments .
For all of the boring ( but important ) info on how this works , click here .
Blue Desert
Why is no one brave enough to stand up to the fishing industry ?
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian , 2nd June 2009
I live a few miles from Cardigan Bay .
Whenever I can get away , I take my kayak down to the beach and launch it through the waves .
Often I take a handline with me , in the hope of catching some mackeral or pollock .
On the water , sometimes five kilometres from the coast , surrounded by gannets and shearwaters , I feel closer to nature than at any other time .
Last year I was returning to shore through a lumpy sea .
I was 200 metres from the beach and beginning to worry about the size of the breakers when I heard a great whoosh behind me .
Sure that a wave was about to crash over my head , I ducked .
But nothing happened .
I turned round .
Right under my paddle a hooked grey fin emerged .
It disappeared .
A moment later a bull bottlenose dolphin exploded from the water , almost over my head .
As he curved through the air , we made eye contact .
If there is one image that will stay with me for the rest of my life , it is of that sleek gentle monster , watching me with his wise little eye as he flew past my head .
I have never experienced a greater thrill , even when I first saw an osprey flying up the Dyfi estuary with a flounder in its talons .
The Cardigan Bay dolphins are one of the only two substantial resident populations left in British seas .
It is partly for their sake that most of the coastal waters of the bay are classified as special areas of conservation ( SACs ) .
This grants them the strictest protection available under EU law .
The purpose of SACs is to prevent “ the deterioration of natural habitats … as well as disturbance of the species for which the areas have been designated ” ( 1 ) .
That looks pretty straightforward , does n’t it ?
The bay is strictly protected .
It ca n’t be damaged , and the dolphins and other rare marine life ca n’t be disturbed .
So why the heck has a fleet of scallop dredgers been allowed to rip it to pieces ?
Until this Sunday , when the season closed , 45 boats were raking the bay , including places within the SACs , with steel hooks and chain mats .
The dredges destroy everything : all the sessile life of the seabed , the fish that take refuge in the sand ; the spawn they lay there , reefs , boulder fields , marine archaeology – any feature that harbours life .
In some cases they penetrate the seafloor to a depth of three feet .
It is ploughed , levelled and reduced to desert .
It will take at least 30 years for parts of the ecosystem to recover ; but the structure of the seabed is destroyed forever .
The noise of the dredges pounding and grinding over the stones could scarcely be better calculated to disturb the dolphins .
The boats are not resident here .
They move around the coastline trashing one habitat after another .
They will fish until there is nothing left to destroy then move to the next functioning ecosystem .
If , in a few decades , the scallops here recover , they ’ll return to tear this place up again .
The economic damage caused by these 45 boats is far greater than the money they make .
They wreck all the other fisheries ; not only because they destroy the habitats and kill the juvenile fish , but also because they rip out the crab and lobster pots they cross .
We deplore slash and burn farming in the rainforests for its short - termism and disproportionate destruction .
But this is just as bad .
Ever since the boats arrived , local people , led by the Friends of Cardigan Bay , have been campaigning to stop this pillage .
After months of dithering , in March the Countryside Council for Wales advised the regional fisheries committee to stop the dredging .
The committee ’s chief executive refused on the grounds that its powers “ are not terrifically explicit ” and “ the precautionary principle is a vague term , and we do n’t really know how we define it .
” (2) He postponed any decision until June 12th – which is a fortnight after the season ended .
In 24 years of journalism I have not come across a starker example of bureaucratic cowardice .
What hold does the fishing industry have over our ministers and officials ?
Does it sink the bodies of their political opponents ?
Does it supply them with call girls and cocaine ?
The UK fishing sector has an annual turnover of £ 570 m a year ( 3 ) .
This is less than half the size of the potato processing industry ( 4 ) .
Yet no one has the guts to defy it .
The story is the same all over the world .
Next week , on June 8th , The End of the Line will be released in UK cinemas ( 5 ) .
It ’s an excoriating , shocking film about the collapse of global fisheries , and the utter uselessness of the people who are supposed to protect them .
It follows the journalist Charles Clover as he struggles to understand why no one is prepared to act .
After several years of trying , he talks to the manager of Nobu restaurants , to ask why he is still selling meat from one of the most endangered species on earth , the bluefin tuna .
The man refuses to take it off the menu , but says he ’ll warn his customers that bluefin is “ environmentally challenged ” ( 6 ) .
But why is it left to restauranteurs to decide whether or not an endangered species should be allowed to survive ?
As the film shows , the EU ’s scientists recommend a bluefin catch one and a half times as big as it should be ; the European Commission then doubles it and the fishermen then take twice as much as the Commission allows .
The Mediterranean fleet now catches one third of that sea ’s entire bluefin tuna population every year : at current catch rates , it will be extinct by 2012 ( 7 ) .
There ’s a total absence of enforcement , as even the most blatant illegal practices , like using spotter planes to find the shoals , are ignored by fisheries officials .
Worse still , these pirate boats are subsidised by us .
Aside from payments by national governments , fishing fleets in Europe are being given E3.8bn of EU money over seven years ( 8 ) .
There has been a total failure to make these payments conditional on fishing sustainably or even legally .
The EU now recognises that its fisheries management has been a disaster .
Its green paper admits that 88 % of European fish stocks are overexploited and 30 % have collapsed ( 9 ) .
Its quota system encourages the dumping of millions of tonnes of dead fish at sea , while its efforts to reduce the fishing fleet ’s capacity have n’t kept pace with technology .
“ In several Member States , ” the paper reports , “ the cost of fishing to the public budgets exceeds the total value of the catches . ” ( 10 ) Last week , European fisheries ministers agreed a radical reform of the Common Fisheries policy by 2012 , just in time for the extinction of the bluefin tuna .
Of course , as I have seen in Cardigan Bay , it does n’t matter what they say they ’ll do if no one is prepared to enforce it .
Our marine ecosystems will continue to be ripped apart until governments stand up to the mysterious power of the fishermen .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. European Council , 21st May 1992 .
Directive 92/43/EEC
on the conservation of natural habitats and of wild fauna and flora ; Article 6.2 .
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=CONSLEG:1992L0043:20070101:EN:PDF
2 . http://endoftheline.com/blog/archives/334
3 . http://www.statistics.gov.uk/abi/fishing.asp
4 . http://www.statistics.gov.uk/abi/subsection_da.asp
5 . http://endoftheline.com/
6 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/wordofmouth/2009/may/27/nobu-blue-fin-tuna-menu
7 . http://www.reuters.com/article/environmentNews/idUSTRE53D00320090414
8. European Commission , 2006 .
The European Fisheries Fund 2007 - 2013 .
http://ec.europa.eu/fisheries/publications/FEP_EN.pdf
9. European Commission , 22nd April 2009 .
Green Paper : Reform of the Common Fisheries Policy .
COM ( 2009 ) 163 final .
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=COM:2009:0163:FIN:EN:PDF
10 . ibid .
6 Free PSD /( X) HTML - Templates
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
We love our readers .
We respect the hard work of designers and developers across the globe .
And we do our best to make the web design community stronger and the Web a little bit prettier .
Therefore we ask talented artists and creative professionals to showcase their skills and release something unique and beautiful as a gift to the community .
And when designers agree , truly impressive works see the light of day .
A couple of weeks ago we released .
We respect the hard work of designers and developers across the globe .
And we do our best to make the web design community stronger and the Web a little bit prettier .
Therefore we ask talented artists and creative professionals to showcase their skills and release something unique and beautiful as a gift to the community .
And when designers agree , truly impressive works see the light of day .
A couple of weeks ago we released DelliStore , a professional CSS / ( X ) HTML - template with PSD - sources .
In the poll and in the comments to this post our readers asked for more ( X) HTML / CSS - template , so here are 6 more professional template that you can use without any restriction for your private or commerical projects .
The template were designed by Templateworld and released for free especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
We love our readers .
We respect the hard work of designers and developers across the globe .
And we do our best to make the web design community stronger and the Web a little bit prettier .
Therefore we ask talented artists and creative professionals to showcase their skills and release something unique and beautiful as a gift to the community .
And when designers agree , truly impressive works see the light of day .
A couple of weeks ago we released DelliStore , a professional CSS / ( X ) HTML - template with PSD - sources .
In the poll and in the comments to this post our readers asked for more ( X) HTML / CSS - template , so here are 6 more professional template that you can use without any restriction for your private or commerical projects .
The template were designed by Templateworld and released for free especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
Download and use the templates for free !
The themes can be used and edited without any restrictions or limitations .
Feel free to modify the templates in private or commercial projects – the templates are absolutely free to use .
Shape
From a long time we have been playing with the idea of creating a fusion design .
Then we thought why not try a fusion between retro and contemporary design trends ?
Thus the ‘ Shape ’ template was born – an attempt to recreate the magic of the 70s while using a modern look .
For this purpose we used typography and the Dahlia / Sunflower right in the centre to emphasize the retro look .
The colour wheel behind the Dahlia / Sunflower is our view on changing times and colour preferences .
Our love for nature shows through the entire design as we used a lot of green – in different shades , floral patterns and bamboo trees in the header .
That ’s with the design .
Coming to the page elements , the header section shows links to 8 pages , a registration , login and bookmarking link .
The header also has an integrated search feature .
We wanted to have a distinct background colour for the company description and thus used black to make it look prominent .
Then there is a news section , an awards column and a portfolio section .
If you are one of those designers who have just too many designs to showcase , you can upload as many designs as you want as wehave provided a number of pages for it .
The footer shows links to 8 pages .
The template code is validated by W3C and also conforms to section 508 of the US Rehabilitation Act for Accessible design .
Projection Template
This template incorporates the look and feel of graffiti art .
You will see the header section with a wall as the background .
We have used a bright shade of green as we wanted this template to exude a certain amount of freshness .
If you are wondering what the wheel is all about , it ’s a wheel of latest projects / services by the company .
We have deliberately used a dark colour for the footer so as to make it conspicuous as it contains important information like latest projects worked on and the corresponding client testimonials .
The template code is validated by W3C and also conforms to Section 508 of the US Rehabilitation Act for Accessible design .
Artificial Casting Template
We have always seen the game of chess as a very powerful game which requires immense intelligence and presence of mind on the part of the players .
These little figures , though inanimate , look very powerful and mysterious .
We used their images for the template to represent their power and mystery .
‘ Artificial Casting ’ shows the chess pieces ‘ Knight ’ and ‘ Bishop ’ standing aloof to show their sophistication and a sense of mystery .
The template code is validated by W3C and also conforms to Section 508 of the US Rehabilitation Act for Accessible design .
2 Breed Template
Nature has always fascinated us with its attractive and vibrant colours .
The natural colour of fruits and vegetables is where we drew inspiration for the design of this template .
Therefore , you will see that we have used tomato and kiwi to give the template a natural feel .
We have placed two of the main sections of the page – ‘ Who We Are ’ and ‘ Latest Events ’ on these to draw the reader ’s attention to it instantaneously .
The right navigation shows links to 8 pages .
We have also placed a box advertising the latest jobs by the company .
Then there is a section which shows links to the latest blog posts .
The links have rollover effect .
We have used separate boxes for Ideas , Sign - up and Blog so as it to give them distinctive .
Just below that you will find a newsletter sign - up box through which readers can stay updated on the latest activities on the website and by the company .
There is a Features section which enlists all the features of the services by the company .
Beside that you will also find a Member Login box and a contact number for quick contact .
To balance the light colours usage , we have used a dark colour for the footer which shows 8 links .
The template code is validated by W3C and also conforms to Section 508 of the US Rehabilitation Act for Accessible design .
Dusky Template
This template titled ‘ Dusky ’ is an illustration of the twilight which is our favourite time of the day .
It is a time when the sky shows different hues of colour in a peaceful and serene setting .
The sky bustling with chirping birds is also a treat to watch .
We tried to replicate this beautiful part of the day in the template by using light shades of blue , green , and yellow and pictures of birds and sky .
The left navigation of the body area shows a User Login box and a Portfolio of projects .
The users can browse through all the projects by clicking on Next .
The right navigation provides information about new services and a Quick Contact box wherein users can enter their name and email ID to contact instantly .
The central area provides a brief overview of the company .
The template code is validated by W3C and also conforms to Section 508 of the US Rehabilitation Act for Accessible design .
Solitude Template
In this hustle bustle of life , we are always surrounded by people and our responsibilities and often long for solitude .
This template , titled ‘ Solitude ’ depicts this reality of life .
Solitude or quiet time has often been regarded as a blessing as this is the time when we think deeply , feel rejuvenated , and have our minds brimming with bright new ideas .
If you are thinking that I am taking you on a spiritual realm , you are right !
This is our intention through the template titled ‘ Solitude ’ .
The header section shows a bird perched on a branch and looking upwards as if looking for inspiration .
This is us , the designers who are always looking ahead for new ideas , inspiration and of course solitude !
We used light colours and abstract art to complement the theme of the template .
The body shows a short description of the company , the services provided , and a testimonial column .
The services column also shows the related icon .
The right navigation shows a preview of photos by the company , a Quick Contact box , and Links to Projects completed .
The template code is validated by W3C and also conforms to Section 508 of the US Rehabilitation Act for Accessible design .
large fullscreen preview ( .jpg )
live demo
Unfortunately there ’s no live demo anymore .
download the template ( .zip , PSD + ( X) HTML/CSS )
Thank you , guys .
We appreciate your work and your good intentions !
This video was recorded at the YAPC :: EU conference in August 2008 .
It was given on the first day of the conference in the lightning talks section .
This text will be replaced
Hi !
Just so you know , you can click on the $ up there to support XKCDB .
( This box will go away after you vote once . )
# 5389 ⇧ ( +168/-36 ) ⇩
< TheMiNd >
It has been decided that Thomas the Tank Engine is a veiled attempt at exposing children to communist ideals
< TheMiNd >
Are you familiar with the show ?
< ftr > TheMiNd : i am familiar with thomas the tank engine .
why is it communist ?
< The MiNd > ftr : keep in mind that when you watch this crap over and over at work every day ... it gets bad .
< TheMiNd > Anyway .
Two rich people on the island .
Sir Topham Hat and Mr. Percival .
They and the drivers control everything the engines do .
< TheMiNd >
The majority of the Island of sodor 's transportation and freight is via rail .
So the populace ( and the engines ) can only go where the ruling class allows them to .
< The MiNd > Mr Percival , however , can go wherever he wants , because he has a bicycle .
( and a guy that holds it for him when he 's not riding )
< TheMiNd >
The trains are brainwashed so that they are only happy when they are being " Really Useful " ... working .
< TheMiNd >
They work all the time , getting no benefit from their labors .
Sir Topham hat gets all that benefit , and he lives in a castle
< TheMiNd >
The trains are given tasks that encourage infighting amongst them , so that they can never unite against their oppressors .
< TheMiNd >
The freight cars represent the Proletariat .
They are unable to move anywhere without an engines help , and usually try to cause trouble for the trains .
< TheMiNd >
We were really bored .
< ftr > TheMiNd : this is possibly the greatest thing i have ever heard
The surgical staff in Operating Room No. 11 gathers around the white cardboard box like children around a gift on Christmas morning .
After a nurse peels away the duct tape , Stuart Geffner reaches inside with both hands and pulls out a clear plastic jar , unscrews its top , then carefully lifts the contents into view : an orange plastic baggie cradling the plump , fist - size kidney of 25 - year - old Khary Walker .
Chain of Life - Kidney transplant chain helps six patients
It is 11 a.m. , Thursday , March 12 , and a half - dozen masked men and women at Saint Barnabas Medical Center in Livingston watch while the surgeon plops the organ into a pan the size of a bread loaf and lets it sit for a moment chilling on a bed of ice -- the cold , still center of an operating room percolating with activity .
" Can I have a light back here ? " says Geffner , the director of renal and pancreas transplants for the Saint Barnabas Health Care System .
He wants to spruce up the kidney before transplanting it .
Cut away a little fat here , tie off a few branches on the renal vein there .
It takes just 10 minutes .
" Okay , let 's bring the patient in . "
Those who donate a kidney are a singular breed , and the surgeons who transplant their perfectly healthy organs into desperately ill patients regard them with nothing short of awe .
" This is not matter - of - fact at all , " says the 45 - year - old Geffner .
" I hold the living - donor operation sacred .
They volunteer for a surgery of significant magnitude , with no medical benefit whatsoever to them .
It 's unique in the world of surgery . "
And yet " matter - of - fact " is exactly how many of these donors describe their acts of charity .
" I knew my wife needed help and I wanted to do whatever I could , " says John Rocco .
" It was n't hard .
I watched my mother suffer and I wanted to help her , " says Walker .
" It 's pretty simple , " says Thomas Leger .
" I wanted to make a difference . "
Six people saw an opportunity .
This is what all of the donors say .
Four were motivated by love ; another by gratitude ; one by the logic of charity .
In March , at three hospitals in two states , their lives mingled in a historic 12 - person kidney exchange .
Woven into the chain , the donors and recipients were strangers to each other , but connected by disease and by devotion , by choice and by chance , over what would be a life - altering 36 hours .
Paul Murray , who turned 45 today , can tell you exactly how long he waited for that moment .
" Five years , two weeks , nine hours , " he says .
Sitting in his sparse , neatly decorated mobile home in South Jersey , Murray shakes his head slowly as he describes the long journey to the transplant .
" It tests your spirit , " he says .
" At times I did n't know how it was going to work out .
I had my doubts . "
Those doubts grew with each passing month he languished on the deceased - donor waiting list .
" I kept saying , ' Well , it 's only been two years . '
' Well , it 's only been three years . '
I kept a good attitude through the whole thing .
I said , ' You gotta do what you gotta do . '
I had no choice . "
A history of hypertension in his family made Murray vulnerable to renal failure , and in 2003 he nearly died when his kidney function plummeted to just 15 percent and his heartbeat became erratic .
In early February of this year -- his fifth year on the deceased - donor waiting list -- Murray got an unexpected phone call from someone in the renal transplant department at Newark Beth Israel Medical Center .
The woman on the other end told him about a living kidney exchange program for donors and recipients who do n't match .
They needed someone to close the chain , and his name came up on the list .
" Do you want to be part of it ? " she asked .
" Absolutely , " he replied .
Saint Barnabas Operating Room No. 11 seems unusually chilly .
" It reduces the bacteria , " explains the scrub nurse as she leans over a stainless steel bowl , chopping clumps of ice into tiny pieces .
The bowl sits atop a cooling machine that hums and sighs as it rises and falls , as if breathing for everyone in the room .
Periodically , fresh ice is added to the pan holding the kidney .
Deep inside Paul Murray 's abdomen , a small bag of ice also chills the space the surgeon has made for the new kidney .
Murray 's old kidneys , Geffner explains , will remain right where they are , because there is no medical benefit to taking them out .
The new kidney will be placed lower in the midsection , near the pelvis , and closer to the surface of the abdomen .
Geffner , who conducted New Jersey 's first laparoscopic living donor surgery , is trim and athletic .
Born in Brooklyn but raised in Marlboro , he says he has performed about 1,500 kidney transplants and 1,500 living donor operations during his 14 - year career .
Recently he became the first surgeon in the world to transplant a kidney robotically .
Together , Newark Beth Israel and Saint Barnabas do about 270 kidney transplants each year , making them one of the top 10 kidney - transplant programs in the nation .
At 12:13 p.m. Geffner lifts the donor kidney from the tray and gently plants it in Murray 's belly .
While the surgeon works , Bob Dylan serenades the room with " Knockin ' on Heaven 's Door , " courtesy of the doctor 's iPod .
Geffner removes the clamp on the renal vein , and Murray 's kidney goes from gray to slightly blue .
Then he opens the arterial clamp , letting oxygenated blood flow back into the transplanted organ , and within seconds the kidney pinks up like a Polaroid instant photo coming to life .
" It 's firming , " he says , squeezing the kidney ever so slightly between his fingers .
" Before it was squishy ...
Vein is nice and soft , artery is good . "
Now Bruce Springsteen is wailing away .
Geffner says that along with a few of his high school buddies , he has attended concerts during every tour of the Boss since the 1970s .
By 1:16 the ureter has finally been connected to the bladder , and Geffner pours saline solution into Murray 's abdomen .
" Now we can close . "
Murray became the last link in a chain sparked by one man , Thomas Leger , a 27 - year - old writer , teacher and businessman who decided to donate a kidney because it seemed the logical thing to do .
Leger , who lives in Brooklyn , says he knew very little about dialysis or transplant waiting lists , and knew no one with kidney disease , before he decided to become a non-directed , or altruistic , donor .
What he did know was that his life had prepared him in an unusual way for his act of charity .
Several years ago Leger began the transition from a woman to a man .
It was his experiences during that process , he says , that gave him his singular perspective .
" I 've had surgeries that were not about being sick , but instead were actually life - affirming , " says Leger , the senior executive vice president of a small document - translation company .
" My body works well for me now , but in the past it did n't .
I felt lucky that in reality I was able to get the body I wanted .
It 's always worked properly , but it made me think about people who have bodies that do n't . "
Last year as he was thumbing through a volume of Best American Essays in preparation for teaching a writing class at Hunter College , Leger stumbled upon an article with the provocative title , " What Should a Billionaire Give -- and What Should You ? "
The essay , about the ethics of giving , was written by the controversial Princeton philosopher Peter Singer and discussed the social obligations of the richest Americans toward the world 's impoverished .
It mentioned a real estate mogul who gave away not only most of his $ 45 million , but also a kidney .
Singer wrote : " When we read that someone has given away a lot of their money , or time , to help others , it challenges us to think about our own behavior .
Should we be following their example , in our own modest way ? "
To Leger , who describes himself as essentially a pragmatist , the reasoning seemed unassailable .
" Singer 's argument was that it 's unethical not to give what you can , " he says .
" If someone said that if you give a kidney or some other organ you could cure someone of AIDS or cure cancer for one person , you 'd say , ' Sign me up . ' "
Signing up , however , was not easy .
" I left a message at one hospital , then another , and no one ever called back , " says Leger .
After he located the National Kidney Registry through the Internet , he was put in touch with the transplant coordinator at New York - Presbyterian Hospital / Weill Cornell Medical Center , who did return his call .
Leger 's first chance to donate came and went .
Right blood type .
Wrong tissue type .
Then Leger was asked if he would consider being part of a chain in Atlanta , but that , too , fell apart .
Finally , late in the afternoon of Friday , Feb. 27 , David Serur , medical director of the Rogosin Institute Transplantation Program at New York - Presbyterian , called .
" Is this Tom Leger ? "
" Yes . "
" We have a match for you .
...
Are you free March 12th ? "
Leger knows nothing about the woman he is donating to , not even her name .
For her part , Diana Rocco knows nothing about Leger .
Rocco is 4 - foot - 8 and has a warm smile and a generous nature .
She longs to go back to her job as a cafeteria worker at St. John 's Prep in Queens , but she is on dialysis three times a week , the result of polycystic kidney disease , a genetic disorder that riddles the kidneys with cysts and often makes them swell to the size of footballs .
Last September , the 50 - year - old woman became so tired she could not get dressed in the morning .
By the end of 2008 she was on dialysis .
She and her husband , John , a sanitation worker , entered the National Kidney Registry , where Leger was listed as a non-directed donor .
So that his wife can receive a new kidney , John Rocco , who is not a match for her , is giving one of his kidneys to Israel Flores .
Just 23 years old , Flores came into the world with end - stage renal failure , born with posterior urethral valves , in which extra tissue prevents the smooth flow of urine from the bladder .
By the time Flores was 4 , his kidneys were damaged beyond repair .
His mother and his aunt , still only teenagers at the time , were too young to donate , so his grandmother gave him one of hers .
Eleven years later , however , hypertension -- a side effect of the many medications Flores took daily -- destroyed that kidney , too .
This time Flores ' mother , Sandra Ruiz , was old enough to be a donor .
But when repeated urinary tract infections damaged that kidney as well , it was finally Janet Beltran 's turn .
Beltran , Flores ' aunt , had waited half her life to be a donor .
" I consider him my first son , " she says .
" As soon as I saw him I fell in love with him . "
When the kidney from Flores ' mother began to fail last year , Flores ' aunt responded immediately .
" There 's nothing that 's going to stop me now , " she said .
But just two weeks before she was to donate her kidney , Beltran , who works at a newspaper plant in the Bronx , received a call from the hospital .
The final cross -match came up positive : Flores had too many antibodies , which meant his body would end up rejecting his aunt 's kidney .
" I was brokenhearted , " says Beltran .
Within days , she learned about the living donor exchange program .
" It was n't just one person being helped , " she says .
" I get to bless someone else .
It was beautiful .
It 's like you won the Lotto . "
Today the 37 - year - old woman has grown children of her own .
Energetic and outgoing , her large dark eyes shimmer when she speaks about her nephew , a slender , soft - spoken young man with an exquisite sensitivity to the vagaries of life , and a deep understanding of its brevity .
Growing up unable to take part in many activities , and with virtually no friends , Flores kept asking his mother for a baby brother or sister .
Feeling guilty , Ruiz often responded by getting him pets .
Over the years they included Rafael the turtle , Sylvester the cat and Prince the parrot .
The menagerie , now numbering four , is scattered throughout a small apartment above Chelita 's Laundromat in Brooklyn .
Flores lives here with his mother and his 13 - year - old brother , John .
Beltran 's home is just two blocks away .
Though he has never been well enough to finish high school , and has never been far from home , Flores has a girlfriend , Rosie , he met at a wrestling match at a nearby Gold 's Gym , and he wears her name on a gold chain around his neck .
There is a weariness to Flores -- in fact , to all the kidney recipients -- which is not surprising , considering the pain , the hospitalizations , and all the restrictions on their lives .
Yet there is a sweetness , too , born more than likely from a deep appreciation of their rare moments of respite .
Flores has spent his life looking for silver linings , and he counts John Rocco 's generosity among them .
" I feel like I 've had guardian angels .
Every blessing I 've had is because of them , " says Flores .
" This donor is an angel for doing this great miracle for me . "
On Thursday morning , Bayonne resident Norman Perdomo nervously rubs the feet of his longtime partner , Valesca Gomez , as she lies in a hospital bed , waiting for Janet Beltran 's kidney to be delivered from New York City .
The next day it will be his turn to give back .
By 5 p.m. , eight surgeries have been completed at three hospitals .
Four patients , including Gomez , have new kidneys .
Just two more transplants to go .
All of the remaining operations will be at Newark Beth Israel .
On Friday , surgeons Stuart Geffner and Harry Sun perform a kind of duet , removing and transplanting four organs .
Geffner begins to operate on Perdomo at 8 a.m .
His kidney will be transplanted into Iyanna McDuffie , a 24 - year - old part - time college student who was born with inflammatory kidney disease .
McDuffie , who lives in Rahway , found herself pregnant in 2005 .
She was advised to terminate the fetus or risk losing her remaining renal function .
The young woman , soft - spoken and steely , declined .
Within months of her baby 's birth , she was on dialysis .
She would stay on it the rest of her life , unless she could somehow get a transplant .
McDuffie , like Paul Murray , was placed on the waiting list for a deceased donor .
Then , on Thursday , March 13 , 2008 , she received an e-mail from Elizabeth Ard , whose 18 - year - old son had undergone a kidney transplant 16 months earlier .
One of Beth Ard 's 11 siblings had provided the organ for her son , and Ard , a 55 - year - old slender , effervescent business executive and lawyer from Basking Ridge , felt an urgent need to give back .
As she sat in her kitchen that Thursday morning , she suddenly found a way .
Ard was reading The Star - Ledger , every now and then stealing glances out the back window at her son , Dan , home for the weekend from college and happily shooting hoops with friends .
She thought how much better he was now , how just two years earlier he could barely walk because of the pain of kidney disease .
As she turned the pages of the paper , her eyes caught a headline :
For her baby 's life she risked her health
Now a young mother needs a kidney to replace ones ravaged by disease
The story was about McDuffie , and for Ard , it was a revelatory moment .
" I thought someone was telling me :
This is the person you are supposed to give to . "
Ard was tested to see if she could donate a kidney , but once again she was not a match .
This time , however , the doctors had an alternative for her :
Would she be willing to pair with McDuffie and go into a pool of donors and recipients at the National Kidney Registry ?
McDuffie could receive a new kidney if Ard agreed to give one of hers to someone else .
" I thought , I started this for her , I 'll go in as a pair with her . "
Ard 's is the second - to - last operation of the day , and the final donation of the six - way exchange .
Her recipient will be Lavoria Cure , Khary Walker 's mother .
Cure , a nursing home aide from Toms River was diagnosed with diabetes after routine blood work in 1998 .
Her health deteriorated over the next decade until she was placed on peritoneal dialysis , which , unlike hemodialysis , can be self - administered .
She worked at the nursing home from 7 a.m. until 3 p.m. , and every night at about 8 she hooked herself up to the machine through a port in her chest .
As Cure slept on her back , the device cleansed her blood of impurities , its buzz jarring her awake four or five times a night .
Earlier this year , as he watched his mother 's health decline , Walker told her he wanted to donate his kidney .
They were not a match , so their names were entered into the National Kidney Registry .
By 2:38 p.m. on Friday , March 13 , in the second - to - last surgery of the two - day marathon , Geffner finishes making his initial laparoscopic incisions into donor Beth Ard 's abdomen .
Now the norm , laparoscopic kidney donation means
Ard 's recovery will be much more rapid than in years past , when the operation left a crescent - shaped surgical scar the size of a shark bite .
Like all the other donors , she should be in the hospital overnight , two days at the most .
" I really did this donating thing for me , " she says .
" I felt that I owed it to -- I do n't know -- my brother , my son , the world , to pay back the gift my son received . "
Geffner believes the stakes in the donor operations are the highest of any he does , and he speaks about these patients in an almost reverential way .
" It has to work every time .
It has to be as close to 100 percent as possible . "
Extending the laparoscopic scalpel through the small incision in the upper left quadrant of Ard 's abdomen , Geffner cuts the tissue around the colon and the spleen , then moves them out of the way , finally exposing the kidney .
He dissects the renal vein , renal artery , and the ureter , then widens one of the half - inch - long incisions in Ard 's belly .
Geffner is finally ready to take the organ out .
He plunges his right hand up to his wrist through the small opening .
After fishing around for a few seconds , his hand pops back into view , fingers firmly clasped around Ard 's left kidney .
So far , the operation has taken just 51 minutes .
Now the organ is handed to Sun , who flushes and trims it before walking it over to an adjacent OR .
Lavoria
Cure is ready for her transplant , and by 7 p.m. , when the 12th and last surgery is over , the chain will be closed .
In a day and a half , six patients have received new kidneys and renewed lives .
Four of those kidneys came from donors willing to sacrifice a part of themselves for a loved one .
Two of them came from donors willing to sacrifice a part of themselves for love alone .
During the 36 hours that have restored the lives of six people , 360 others in end - stage renal disease will have died .
As Geffner peels off his surgical gloves , he can't help but wonder out loud :
" Of all of us walking the earth , how many would volunteer to do this ? "
Tomorrow : An emotional meeting of strangers .
For more information about becoming a living donor , or if you are in need of a kidney , but your loved one is not a match , visit the
National Kidney Registry website
or call ( 800 ) 936-1627 .
For more information about living - donor kidney transplant programs :
-- Newark Beth Israel Medical Center Renal Transplant unit : ( 877 ) 878-7555 ( Tatiana Alvarez )
-- Saint Barnabas Medical Center Renal Transplant Unit : ( 888 ) 409-4707 ( Marie Morgieviech )
-- The joint Beth Israel - Saint Barnabas renal transplant program website
-- Hackensack University Medical Center : Department of Organ Transplantation : ( 201 ) 996-2613 ( Joan Abrams )
-- New York - Presbyterian Hospital / Weill Cornell Medical Center transplant unit website : ( 212 ) -517-3099 ( Marian Charlton )
-- For information about kidney transplantation at Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital , please call ( 732 ) 235-8695 , or ( 877 ) - NuKidney ( toll - free ) , or visit the hospital 's website .
-- For more information about all 242 kidney transplant programs across the United States , visit the website for the United Network for Organ Sharing
Staff writers Mike Frassinelli and Vicki Hyman contributed to this report .
This originally appeared in the December 2005 issue of The Free Market
Ludwig von Mises did n’t like references to the " miracle " of the marketplace or the " magic " of production or other terms that suggest that economic systems depend on some force that is beyond human comprehension .
In his view , we are better off coming to a rational understanding of why markets are responsible for astounding levels of productivity that can support exponential increases in population and ever higher living standards .
There was no German miracle after World War II , he used to say ; the glorious recovery was a result of economic logic working itself out through market forces .
Once we understand the relationship between property rights , market prices , the time structure of production , and the division of labor , the mystery evaporates and we observe the science of human action making great things happen .
He is right that understanding economics does not require faith , but there are actions undertaken by market actors themselves that require faith ( and Mises would not disagree with this ) — immense faith , faith that moves mountains and raises up civilizations .
If we accept the interesting description of faith by St. Paul ( " evidence of things unseen " ) we can understand entrepreneurship and capitalist investment as acts of faith .
Everyone who is in business understands this .
It requires a thousand daily acts of seeing the unseen future to be in business .
The reality of the marketplace is that the consuming public can shut you down tomorrow .
All they need to do is to fail to show up and buy .
This is true for the smallest business to the largest .
There is no certainty in any business .
Nothing is a sure thing .
Every business in a market economy is only a short step from bankruptcy .
No business possesses the power to make people buy what they do not want .
All success is potentially fleeting .
Success does yield a profit , but that provides no comfort .
Every bit of profit you take for yourself comes out of what might otherwise be an investment in the development of the business .
But neither is this investment a sure thing .
Today ’s smash hit could be tomorrow ’s flop .
What you perceive to be a solid investment could turn out to be a short - term craze .
What you see , based on past sales , as having a potential mass appeal could actually be a market segment that was quickly saturated .
Emperors can rest on their laurels but capitalists never can .
Sales history provides nothing but a look backwards .
The future is never seen with clarity but only through a glass , darkly .
Past performance is not only not a guarantee of future success ; it is no more or less than a data set of history that can tell us nothing about the future .
If the future turns out to look like the past , the probabilities still do not change , any more than the probability of the next coin toss landing on heads increases because it happened previously five times in a row .
Despite the utter absence of a road map , the entrepreneur - investor must act as if some future is mapped out .
He or she must still hire employees and pay them long before the products of their labor come to market , and even longer before those marketable products are sold and turn a profit .
The equipment must be purchased , upgraded , serviced , and replaced , which means that the entrepreneur must think about today ’s costs and tomorrow ’s and the next day ’s saecula saeculorum .
Especially now , the costs can be mind - boggling .
A retailer must consider an amazing array of options concerning suppliers and web services .
There must be some means of alerting the world to your existence , and despite a century of attempts to employ scientific methods for finding out what makes the consumer tick , advertising remains high art , not positive science .
But it is also art with high expense .
Are you throwing money down a rathole or really getting the message out ?
There is no way to know in advance .
The heck of it too is that there are no testable causes of success because there is no way to perfectly control for all important factors .
Sometimes not even the most successful business is clued into what it is , precisely , what makes its products sell more as compared with its competitors .
Is it price , quality , status , geography , promotion , psychological associations people make with the product , or what ?
Back into the 1980s , for example , Coca Cola decided to change its formula and advertise it as New Coke .
The result was a catastrophe as consumers fled , even though the taste tests said that people liked the new better than the old .
$ 29 $ 25
If the historical data are so difficult to interpret , think how much more difficult it is to discern probable outcomes in the future .
You can hire accountants , marketing agencies , financial wizards , and designers .
They are technicians , but there are no such things as reliable experts in overcoming uncertainty .
An analogy might be a man in a pitch - black room who hires people to help him put one foot in front of the other .
His steps can be steady and sure but neither he nor his helpers can know for sure what is in front of him .
" What distinguishes the successful entrepreneur and promoter from other people , " writes Mises , " is precisely the fact that he does not let himself be guided by what was and is , but arranges his affairs on the ground of his opinion about the future .
He sees the past and the present as other people do ; but he judges the future in a different way . "
It is for this reason that entrepreneurial habit of mind cannot be implanted through training or education .
It is something possessed and cultivated by an individual .
There are no entrepreneurial committees , much less entrepreneurial planning boards .
The inability of governments to engage in the entrepreneurial act of faith is one of many reasons why socialism cannot work .
Even if a bureaucrat can look at history and claim that his agency could have made a car , dry wall , or a microchip , that same person is at a loss to figure out how innovations in the future can take place .
His only guide is technology : he can speculate about what might work better than what is presently available .
But that is not the economic issue : the real issue concerns what is the best means given all the alternative uses of resources to satisfy the most urgent wants of consumers in light of an infinity of possible wants .
This is impossible for governments to do .
There are thousands of reasons why entrepreneurship should never take place but only one good one for why it does : these individuals have superior speculative judgment and are willing to take the leap of faith that is required to test their speculation against the facts of an uncertain future .
And yet it is this leap of faith that drives forward our standards of living and improves life for millions and billions of people .
We are surrounded by faith .
Growing economies are infused with it .
Mises forgive me : this is a miracle .
Books by Lew Rockwell
The Best of Lew Rockwell
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Annoyingly , you wo n't be able to get a Palm Pre for the advertised $ 199 without redeeming a $ 100 mail - in rebate — something Sprint is depending on you not doing .
Solution : get yours at Best Buy .
UPDATED
Advertisement
A PR rep for the company has confirmed to us that the Pre's $ 100 rebate , originally announced as a mail - in affair , will be instantly deducted at the register in Best Buy stores .
In other words , Best Buy will take care of the rebate process for you .
In other other words , just buy your Pre at the Big Blue , and save yourself the pain .
Advertisement
UPDATE : A Radio Shack rep has gotten back to us :
RadioShack will also be honoring the mail - in rebate instantly .
Like Best Buy , processing mail - in rebates immediately is standard practice for them .
Good to know , though .
[ Best Buy ]
It 's not often that you get former presidential candidates from the Green Party and the Libertarian Party to agree on legislation , but Bob Barr and Ralph Nader have done just that -- jointly supporting the Right - To - Repair Act of 2009 ( H.R. 2057 ) :
This aptly named bill would allow independent repair shops to compete for the business now guaranteed only to dealer - controlled establishments .
This is important because car manufacturers now severely limit the number of repair shops that are allowed to have the tools , diagnostic codes and updated repair information essential to being able to repair late - model cars ( which are heavily dependent on computers for performance and repair ) .
By thus unfairly limiting the universe of repair shops able to diagnose and repair late - model cars to only those repair shops that are connected with their dealers , the manufacturers dramatically limit consumer choice and significantly increase the costs to those car owners ( by some 34 percent , according to a study preformed for the Automotive After Market Industry Association by Lang Research ) .
We 're all for promoting competition and consumer choice .
But this bill points to a much bigger consumer issue .
The problem that this law attempts to fix is the direct result of the use of computers in cars , accompanied by proprietary diagnostic tools and " lock - out codes . "
Sound familiar ?
It should , as it's the very sort of thing that can also make it difficult to repair computer systems , sell replacement garage door openers , and refill printer toner cartridges .
One underlying legal problem here is the DMCA , which prohibits bypassing or circumventing " technological protection measures . "
So while the Right - to - Repair Act of 2009 is legislation that deserves our support , it does n't help those who repair things other than cars .
For example , it wo n't help Joe Montero , who treks to the Copyright Office every three years to argue for a DMCA exemption to permit the repair and replacement of obsolete and malfunctioning software " dongles , " those little hardware devices purportedly intended to prevent software piracy , but which often end up frustrating perfectly legitimate customers .
And the issue goes beyond the importance of being able to get independent repair and maintenance services .
The use of technological " locks " against tinkerers also threatens " user innovation " -- the kinds of innovation that traditionally have come from independent tinkerers -- which has increasingly been recognized as an important part of economic growth and technological improvement .
MIT Professor Eric Von Hippel has been at the forefront of this research , and has been hosting a fascinating workshop this week entitled " Intellectual Property Law and Open & User Innovation " ( being live - blogged by Georgetown Prof. Rebecca Tushnet ) .
In short , thanks to the DMCA , we need a Right - To - Repair Act not just for cars , but increasingly for all the things we own .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - General Motors Corp and Chrysler LLC , both bankrupt , will try on Wednesday to ease congressional concern , and in some cases anger , over their plans to slash more than 2,400 dealerships .
A car sits for sale at a Chevrolet dealership in Lyons , Illinois , June 1 , 2009 .
REUTERS / John Gress
Members of the Senate Commerce Committee plan to grill GM Chief Executive Fritz Henderson and Chrysler President Jim Press about the lone aspect of restructuring that has triggered a broad response from Congress since dealers are nationwide .
“ Rapid dealer reductions increase unemployment , threaten communities and decrease state and local tax revenue without any material corresponding decrease in an automaker ’s costs , ” said John McEleney , chairman of the National Automobile Dealers Association who sells vehicles made by GM , Toyota Motor Corp and Hyundai Motor Co in Iowa .
At risk are dealers at both companies that employ more than 100,000 people , industry estimates show .
In his testimony , McEleney will emphasize the need for government to provide new financing to Chrysler so the company can buy back unsold inventory , parts and other assets , and give dealers more time to close their businesses .
Press told Congress last month in a letter the company would help dealerships losing their franchise agreements beyond the deadline set by the company .
Chrysler plans to shut 789 showrooms , about 25 percent of its dealers , by June 9 .
On Monday , a bankruptcy court judge in New York approved the sale of substantially all of Chrysler ’s assets to a group led by Italy ’s Fiat despite objections from dealers and other groups that Chrysler was moving too fast .
The court must still approve Chrysler ’s dealership strategy .
Chrysler , which is close to stepping out of court protection , would not comment on Press ’s testimony ahead of the hearing .
Henderson , who steered GM into bankruptcy on Monday , plans to contrast his plan as a softer landing for dealers not part of GM ’s future .
GM wants to cut 1,100 of its smaller and least profitable dealerships and will lose another 470 by cutting its Saab , Saturn and Hummer brands .
GM expects to offer an agreement to those businesses slated for closure to wind down their operations in orderly fashion over the next 18 months .
GM plans to end up with about 3,600 showrooms .
That plan must also be approved by the judge overseeing GM ’s bankruptcy .
More than three dozen lawmakers in both the House of Representatives and Senate have asked the Obama administration to intervene on behalf of dealerships .
The U.S. government will own 60 percent of GM and 8 percent of Chrysler once their restructurings are complete .
Both will be privately held for the foreseeable future .
Additional help for dealers beyond government money intended to help them finance floorplans is not out of the question , according to Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan .
“ There may be a remedy that has not been considered yet , ” Levin told reporters .
However , Levin said a legislative solution was unlikely .
royal vegas eu
Royal Vegas Online Casino Canada Important Review
That ’s why we put together
The Royal Welcome
The Royal Welcome at Royal Vegas Online Casino Canada
Current Promotional Events
The Malta Gaming Authority ( MGA ) and the Kahnawake Gaming Commission ( KGC ) are responsible for certifying and governing Royal Vegas online casino Canada .
The casino belongs to aof online casinos known as the trusted Fortune Lounge .
The casino has been in business for over twenty years and has provided the best online casino services to millions of players .
The casino has accumulated about seven hundred games with diverse features .
The new players at the casino get to see the various games available in addition to the bonuses they are awarded .
The support centre in the casino is available any time of the day all year round for any questions or inquiries that need to be addressed .
The support centre staff is fluent in about ten languages and can be reached through various mediums of communication .
That ’s why we put together this guide ; to help you gain an understanding of casino bonuses and what you can expect to get from them .
Canadian online casino .
New players at Royal Vegas online casino Canada are awarded a welcome bonus of about $ 1,200 which is deposited in the game bonuses .
The welcome bonus is divided among the three first deposits you make at the casino .
It allows you to enjoy the online games for a long duration of time using very little money .
Once the player makes the first three deposits , the bonuses are automatically fixed in your account .
When a new player makes a deposit at Royal Vegas online casino Canada they are enrolled in the rewards or loyalty programme automatically .
The system awards the player points every time they get credited at the casino .
When a player attains five thousand loyalty points they can exchange them for money .
The rate of exchange is CAD1 for a thousand points .
To kick you off , the casino gives you 2,500 reward points to motivate the player .
After the first deposit at the casino , the player will be invited monthly to the promotional events at the casino .
These events that occur on a monthly basis have themes and techniques that help promote them in a unique way .
The events give the player an opportunity to participate in conquests and possibly win enormous rewards .
In the past players have walked away with hefty rewards , such as cruise tickets , space trip using MiG fighter jet , Sports car and a shopping spree in Vegas .
The constant players at the Casino get the privilege of getting invited to the VIP programme for invited members only .
Members who get invited to this programme enjoy seasonal gifts , Vegas trips , premium promotional events , safaris , and cruises , just to name a few .
The Federal Government is considering having a secret blacklist of banned websites reviewed by a panel of eminent Australians or a parliamentary committee to try to get more transparency in the controversial internet censorship regime .
The blacklist , which has existed since 2000 , is maintained by the Australian Communications and Media Authority , which considers sites for inclusion based on complaints from the public , groups and law enforcement agencies .
The list is supplied to the makers of internet filters , but publication of the list is a criminal offence .
This has led to criticisms that websites could be listed without their knowing it and without any opportunity to challenge their inclusion .
Hi everyone !
This is Daimion Pinnock , Producer for WipEout HD , back to introduce Game Director Tony Buckley .
He ’s here to tell you about a brand new expansion pack for WipEout HD , as well as its first showing this week at E3 !
Hello everybody , I ’m Tony Buckley , Game Director for WipEout HD and I ’m pleased to announce that the team here at Studio Liverpool have been busy working on a new expansion pack for your favourite anti-gravity racer .
And what ’s more , it is set to be given its first public showing at this week ’s E3 expo , so if you ’re lucky enough to be attending , make sure you stop by and try it out !
The WipEout HD Fury expansion pack will increase the content of your current game with 8 new tracks , 13 new ship models and 3 new game modes , 2 of which will be available for online play !
In addition there will be new trophies to attain , a re-styled front - end and a selection of new & improved multiplayer functionality !
The Eliminator game mode will allow you to release all that pent - up aggression as you use the full arsenal of Wipeout weaponry to destroy your opponents .
Forget those racing lines ; this is all about destruction , with the victor being the first to reach the target score !
Zone Battle is about risk and reward !
Acceleration is automatic as you swoop over zone pads to fill your zone bar .
Your choice is whether to use the bar to increase your speed and boost your ship ever closer to the target zone or absorb it to replenish vital lost energy .
Warning , avoid the ‘ zone barriers ’ , obstacles left on the track by your opponents as they boost towards the target zone , hitting these can literally destroy your hopes of victory !
Our Detonator mode introduces a brand new ship model to the game that will test both your piloting skills and your shooting accuracy as you accelerate through as many as 14 stages .
Score points by destroying the mines that have been strewn along the track and take out the bomb on each stage to earn additional points .
The more accurate you are the more points and bonuses you will score !
Just like the original WipEout HD , all the new content will be released in glorious 1080 p resolution and will run at a smooth 60 fps .
Take a sneak peek at the track and ship visuals in our WipEout HD Fury trailer and selection of screenshots .
Former kiddie star Hilary Duff has been seen all around New York City recently , but this is by far our favorite sighting .
Freemans restaurant , shitfaced with friends , shrieking at another patron ( also drunk ) .
It 's long , but it 's worth a read :
This was glorious –
So I 'm having dinner with my lady friend at Freeman 's last night .
We 're shooting the shit , catching up on some nonsense and recapping stories from last year .
Mind you , I 've had a few and my voice tends to carry as my blood alcohol level rises .
As we 're finishing our appetizers , my friend kicks me under the table , a subtle heads - up that Hillary Duff is walking behind me and is about to sit at the table next to me with a couple of her girlfriends .
They are wasted .
Fantastic .
After texting a few buddies , asking who exactly Hillary Duff is , I carry on with my stories and move on to my plate of scallops .
After recapping a story about an ill - advised Vespa ride from New Jersey to Williamsburg I slowly start to notice that my story is being told in canon AKA Hillary Duff is imitating me .
That 's fine , she 's clearly had a few , and , I think , maybe my stories remind her of Frère Jacques , and she just can't help herself .
I move on , going on to the next story about the monstrous garbage man in the Lower East Side .
From this point onward , the imitations increase in volume and , apparently , Hillary Duff does one of those pbbt things for approximately 1 minute , at which point I turn to her and just ask , " really ? "
I guess my acknowledgment and quick dismissal set something off , because Hillary Duff quickly transformed from the likes of Daisy Duck to Magica De Spell .
She went nuts .
Screaming , yelling , announcing her presence and exclaiming that I was ruining her dinner with my awful and / or loud stories .
Awesome .
The waiter , realizing Magica was not in a good place , pulls me aside .
Noting that I did n't actually do anything wrong , he offers me a few rounds of drinks on the house , with the caveat that he 's probably going to be an asshole to me given she 's Hillary Duff and I 'm an Indian dood .
I clearly accept .
Upon returning to my table , I give her a quick smile and carry on to another story about why I hate Hellman's .
Due to the admirable behavior of Magica , I could n't really get to the end of this story – it's hard to maintain a coherent line of thought when a ) Hillary Duff is yelling at you that she hates you and b ) you 're on your 5th glass of bourbon .
Realizing that my Hellman 's tale can be saved for a rainy day ( e.g. today ) and that I 'm kind of fed up with being yelled at for no rational reason , I ask for the check and get up to leave .
Before I head out , I look back at the Hillary Duff , who is still yelling at me ( which probably explains why she has lost so much weight , she does n't eat her food , she just yells at people … guarantee she yelled at her plate upon my departure ) .
Recognizing that I 'm probably never going to see Hillary Duff and / or a human incarnation of Magica De Spell again , I finally give her my 2 cents – " you 're not that important .
and you need to get the f out of new york , because no one here cares if you 're a celebrity . "
She says something in response , but , honestly , I was too high on my horse for it to register .
I tuck in my chair , shake our waiter 's hand and bid adieu to Freeman's .
A glorious evening , indeed .
PS – " Hillary Duff " on the iPhone autocorrects to " Hilarious Duff "
California man creates life size Bumblebee Transformer in front yard .
This story is a couple months old but I couldnt find a whole lot of information about it on the web so I thought I would re-share it with you .
A Lemoore man decided he liked the Transformers so much that he built a life size replica of the cartoon version of Bumblebee in his front yard .
Ive always been a fan of the Transformers , Tom Rhoads Rhoads stated to the crew at mim .
And when my son was born I decided to make the statue .
The statue stands at 18 feet tall and built from a used Volkswagen , yes thats right a used Volkswagen , in this economy who can afford to chop up a new Camaro and besides some of us liked the cartoon characters better !
The statue took him and a friend a year to build in their spare time :
Sometimes it seemed as if we would never get through it , all the parts spread out , but then it just came together .
A crane had to hoist the 1200 lb robot onto its feet after the welding was completed .
Its legs are made of steel and angle iron to keep it secure .
If you asked me , he should have killed two birds with one stone ( sorry PETA ) and made the gun in its hand be Megatron .
We all know he was a lame gun in the cartoon version , right ?
Stay tuned , as Toms next project is the semi truck in the back .
I wonder what he has planned for that ..
TriMet General Manager Fred Hansen said today the agency will have a proposal for service cuts in two weeks that will include less frequent bus service and may also include a fare hike or a partial cut to Fareless Square .
All changes would take effect in late November .
The discussion at a TriMet board meeting today came just two weeks after the board voted to cut four bus lines and reduced bus and MAX light rail service in sweeping cuts to be implemented by mid-September .
When the board approved the September cuts , Hansen said a further cut would be needed later in the year .
Today 's discussion was the first time he has hinted at what could be included in the November cuts .
The new service cuts would be less severe than the September cuts , in that they would not eliminate bus lines , TriMet officials said .
The agency is considering two - to - five minute service adjustments for about a dozen bus routes during off - peak times .
That could mean a bus that comes every 15 minutes would come every 17 minutes or every 20 minutes .
Some of the popular " frequent service " routes would be affected by the November cuts , spokeswoman Mary Fetsch said .
TriMet officials are still writing the proposal , and it's uncertain if changes to fares or downtown Portland 's Fareless Square would be included , Fetsch said .
In public comments gathered on the September cuts , some TriMet riders called for fare hikes and cuts to Fareless Square , she said .
TriMet has been studying Fareless Square for more than a year .
A TriMet consultant , with input from a Portland Business Alliance task force , produced a report in January outlining options for how to trim the fare - free zone .
Hansen mentioned the possibility of ending Fareless Square for buses .
Surveys have shown two - thirds of trips that stay within the fareless zone are on rail , so most users would not be affected .
The November cuts would not be finalized until after the agency gets public input in the weeks after the proposal is unveiled , Fetsch said .
" It 's all still being created , " Fetsch said .
" We 'll know more in two weeks . "
-- Dylan Rivera ; dylanrivera@news.oregonian.com
A husband who wanted to end 10 years of sexless marriage has filed for a divorce but the court ruled he should give it another try .
The 37 - year - old man married in May 1999 and went to the U.S. for graduate studies right afterwards .
His wife , one year younger than him , supported his studies for nearly 10 years , but the man filed for divorce , complaining the couple did not have sex once in all that time .
The Seoul Family Court on Monday dismissed the suit .
" While the court acknowledges the fact that the marriage was sexless , it is also true that the husband never raised the issue with the wife throughout the marriage , " the bench said .
" The fact that there was no sex between the couple cannot be a reason for divorce as the couple had successful marriage without sex . "
It said since the wife is trying on her part to maintain the marriage by receiving professional counseling , it felt the two could with a little more effort make it work .
‘ NINETEEN EIGHTY - FOUR ’’ opens with one of the most famous first lines in modern English literature - the vaguely unnerving “ It was a bright cold day in April , and the clocks were striking thirteen . ’’
The line it ends with is even more famous , and considerably more sinister : “ He loved Big Brother . ’’
George Orwell ’s brilliant , bitter novel turns 60 this month , but after all these years it has lost none of its nightmarish chill .
Its hero is the decidedly unheroic Winston Smith , a weak and wistful man who lives in the totalitarian police state of Oceania , which is ruled by the Party - personified in Big Brother , whose menacing image is everywhere - and in which the Thought Police ruthlessly suppress any hint of dissent .
The Party enforces its will through constant surveillance , relentless propaganda , and the annihilation of anyone who rebels against its authority , even if only in private thoughts or conversation .
Winston engages in such thought - crimes , first by secretly recording his hatred of Big Brother in a diary , then through a love affair with a young woman called Julia .
Eventually he is arrested , interrogated , tortured , broken .
“ Nineteen Eighty - Four ’ ’ was Orwell ’s warning of what unchecked state power can become - a warning informed by the horrors of Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union , with their contempt for human life and conscience , their cult of personality , their unremitting cruelty and deceit .
“ I do not believe that the kind of society I describe necessarily will arrive , but I believe . . . that something resembling it could arrive , ’’ Orwell wrote after the book was published .
“ I believe also that totalitarian ideas have taken root in the minds of intellectuals everywhere , and I have tried to draw these ideas out to their logical consequences . ’’
Orwell himself was a committed socialist , and he insisted that “ Nineteen Eighty - Four ’ ’ should not be taken as an attack on socialism or the left wing .
And , in truth , though the ruling ideology in the book is named Ingsoc ( “ English Socialism ’’ in Oceania ’s language of Newspeak ) , the Party ’s aims have nothing to do with collectivizing wealth or any other socialist prescription .
“ The Party seeks power entirely for its own sake , ’’ Winston is told by O’Brien , the Party official who interrogates him .
“ We are not interested in the good of others ; we are interested solely in power .
Not wealth or luxury or long life or happiness : only power , pure power .
. .
Power is not a means , it is an end .
One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution ; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship .
The object of persecution is persecution .
The object of torture is torture .
The object of power is power .
Now do you begin to understand me ? ’’
Whether or not poor Winston understood , the totalitarians ( and would - be totalitarians ) of 1949 certainly did .
Stalin ’s Pravda blasted “ Nineteen Eighty - Four ’ ’ for its supposed “ contempt for the people , ’’ while the American Communist journal Masses and Mainstream , in a review titled “ Maggot - of - the - Month , ’’ trashed it as a “ diatribe against the human race ’ ’ and “ cynical rot . ’’
But in most of the free world it was acclaimed as an instant classic .
“ No other work of this generation , ’’ declared The New York Times in its review , “ has made us desire freedom more earnestly or loathe tyranny with such fullness . ’’
Even now , it is hard to think of any novel that can match “ Nineteen Eighty - Four ’ ’ in its insight into the totalitarian mindset .
Orwell captured so much of it :
The insatiable lust for power .
The lies incessantly broadcast as truth .
The assault on free thought as both sickness and crime .
The corruption of language .
The brazen rewriting of history .
The use of technology to make privacy impossible .
The repression of sexuality .
Above all , the zealous crushing of individual identity and liberty .
“ If you want a picture of the future , ’’ O’Brien tells Winston during his interrogation and torture , “ imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever . ’’
From “ Big Brother ’’ to “ Thought Police ’ ’ to “ unperson ’ ’ to “ doublethink , ’’ it is no coincidence that so many of the terms Orwell coined - to say nothing of the word “ Orwellian ’ ’ itself - have become part of our lexicon for life without freedom .
Tragically , Orwell died at 46 , just seven months after “ Nineteen Eighty - Four ’ ’ appeared .
But 60 years later , his great work survives , its power undiminished , its warning more urgent than ever .
Jeff Jacoby can be reached at jacoby@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
These compelling Widelux views of an Arkansas prison farm were taken in 1975 by Bruce Jackson , an academic who accidentally became a photographer .
As a junior fellow at Harvard , Mr. Jackson had started taking pictures of prison life in Texas while writing about black convicts ’ work songs .
The pictures were intended as nothing more than visual notes for his ethnographic studies , though 20 were included in “ Wake Up Dead Man : Afro -American Worksongs from Texas Prisons , ” published by Harvard University Press in 1972 .
While in Texas , Mr. Jackson befriended a prison teacher , Terrell Don Hutto .
Mr. Hutto later became commissioner of the Arkansas Department of Correction , charged with humanizing convict farms that Time magazine described in 1968 as “ hell in Arkansas . ”
“ I did n’t go to Arkansas to take pictures , ” Mr. Jackson recalled .
“ I thought I would write about how this guy was changing the prisons .
But I found more and more that my interest was in documenting it visually . ”
By the third time he visited the Cummins Prison Farm , Mr. Jackson was taking his photographs seriously .
In 1975 , he bought a Widelux , a difficult camera to use , with a lens on a moving turret that covers a 140 - degree field horizontally and makes 24 - by - 59 - millimeter negatives .
Though he had no idea at first how to use it , the Widelux changed his approach to photography .
In an e-mail account sent to the Lens blog , Mr. Jackson , 73 , who is now the Samuel P. Capen Professor of American Culture at the State University of New York at Buffalo , wrote :
“ Compared to a Nikon F2 or Leica M4 ( the other cameras I had then ) , the Widelux is very slow and plodding .
It ’s fixed - focus ( stopped down to f/11 , just about everything is in focus ) .
It takes maybe four turns of the knurled knob to advance a frame .
And the viewfinder is only approximate , so I would find myself thinking the shot before I put the camera to my eye , rather than looking at the world through the viewfinder , as I tended to do with the Nikon . ”
Mr. Jackson used the camera for the first time at Cummins .
He took 231 frames resulting in 80 strong images — an astonishing shooting ratio .
Then they sat unseen until recently .
When he developed the film in 1975 , six rolls had water spots that he could not fix ( not before the advent of Adobe Photoshop CS2 ) .
And he could n’t print the remaining negatives large enough in the small print trays in his darkroom .
But in recent years , after buying a large , high - quality digital printer and removing the water spots with Photoshop , Mr. Jackson had photographs that could be shown and were , as “ Cummins Wide , ” at the Center for Documentary Studies at Duke University , and as “ Bruce Jackson : Cummins Wide , Photographs From the Arkansas State Prison , ” at the Albright - Knox Art Gallery .
His access in both prison systems was complete and unhindered .
“ A photographer could never get that kind of access today , ” Mr. Jackson said .
He says he tried not to judge the prisoners or the guards .
“ When you work in a prison , you suspend all judgment , ” he says .
Yet there is one judgment he arrived at that he keeps to this day .
“ All prisons are hell .
The best prison is hell .
The worst prisons are hell .
There are gradations in hell , but it is all hell .
If you forget that , you miss the point of what you ’re looking at . ”
When I first saw Mr. Jackson ’s work , I could n’t decide whether he was the creative forebear of Mikhael Subotsky or Danny Lyon — in Cinemascope .
It turned out there is a link between Mr. Jackson and Mr. Lyon .
“ Danny had been at the Texas prison rodeo and he ’d asked the director , George Beto , if he could come down there for an extended time to take pictures , ” Mr. Jackson recalled .
“ Beto said he could — if it was O.K. with Bruce Jackson , who taught English at the University at Buffalo . ”
An editor whom they shared gave Mr. Lyon a telephone number for Mr. Jackson .
“ Danny called , then he stopped by with his girlfriend to visit me in Buffalo for a day or two .
We liked one another .
He told me about his work and showed me stuff .
We knew some people in common .
I wrote Dr. Beto and said that Danny was a serious person and that I thought he ought to let him have the same kind of freedom to move around the prison that they ’d given me .
Which is what they did . ”
If you look at the upper left corner of Google Calendar , you 'll see a new option : Tasks .
Although you could have used Calendar 's standard events for the purpose of tasks and reminders , this new option adds several important features , but unfortunately it has some shortcomings and still does n't give Google Calendar the real task manager it deserves .
You can create a task in several ways .
You can click on Tasks , which will open the task pane on the right ( you can change its appearance , as well as manipulate and sort tasks through the Actions option at the bottom ) , where you can add new tasks by simply typing them into new lines .
To add a due date for a task , click on the arrow on the right and click on a date in the calendar .
Furthermore , you can click on the top ( blue ) empty space in the day , week and 4 days views , or anywhere in the month view ; you can now choose between adding an event or a task .
You add new tasks in a way similar to the way you add events ; type in a name and the description and you 're done .
Finally , you have certain organizational features to make sure your task list does n't turn into a big mess .
You can create lists for tasks ( click the list icon at the bottom of the task list ) , reassign tasks to different lists , as well as indent tasks that are dependant on other tasks .
Unfortunately , I do n't see why anyone would use tasks as they 're currently implemented , since they 're just a crippled version of events .
You can't choose an exact time for them , you cannot receive email or SMS notifications for them and , according to Google Operating System , they do n't sync with other apps ; except for the quite versatile task list , Google Calendar 's task manager still needs some work before we can call it a " real " task manager .
Afghanistan is the hub of a global network of detention centres , the frontline in America 's ' war on terror ' , where arrest can be random and allegations of torture commonplace .
Adrian Levy and Cathy Scott - Clark investigate on the ground and talk to former prisoners
Kabul was a grim , monastic place in the days of the Taliban ; today it 's a chaotic gathering point for every kind of prospector and carpetbagger .
Foreign bidders vying for billions of dollars of telecoms , irrigation and construction contracts have sparked a property boom that has forced up rental prices in the Afghan capital to match those in London , Tokyo and Manhattan .
Four years ago , the Ministry of Vice and Virtue in Kabul was a tool of the Taliban inquisition , a drab office building where heretics were locked up for such crimes as humming a popular love song .
Now it 's owned by an American entrepreneur who hopes its bitter associations wo n't scare away his new friends .
Outside Kabul , Afghanistan is bleaker , its provinces more inaccessible and lawless , than it was under the Taliban .
If anyone leaves town , they do so in convoys .
Afghanistan is a place where it is easy for people to disappear and perilous for anyone to investigate their fate .
Even a seasoned aid agency such as Médécins Sans Frontières was forced to quit after five staff members were murdered last June .
Only the 17,000 - strong US forces , with their all - terrain Humvees and Apache attack helicopters , have the run of the land , and they have used the haze of fear and uncertainty that has engulfed the country to advance a draconian phase in the war against terror .
Afghanistan has become the new Guantánamo Bay .
Washington likes to hold up Afghanistan as an exemplar of how a rogue regime can be replaced by democracy .
Meanwhile , human - rights activists and Afghan politicians have accused the US military of placing Afghanistan at the hub of a global system of detention centres where prisoners are held incommunicado and allegedly subjected to torture .
The secrecy surrounding them prevents any real independent investigation of the allegations .
" The detention system in Afghanistan exists entirely outside international norms , but it is only part of a far larger and more sinister jail network that we are only now beginning to understand , " Michael Posner , director of the US legal watchdog Human Rights First , told us .
When we landed in Kabul , Afghanistan was blue with a bruising cold .
We were heading for the former al - Qaida strongholds in the south - east that were rumoured to be the focus of the new US network .
How should we prepare , we asked local UN staff .
" Do n't go , " they said .
None the less , we were able to find a driver , a Pashtun translator and a boxful of clementines , and set off on a five - and - a - half - hour trip south through the snow to Gardez , a market town dominated by two rapidly expanding US military bases .
There we met Dr Rafiullah Bidar , regional director of the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission , established in 2003 with funding from the US Congress to investigate abuses committed by local warlords and to ensure that women's and children 's rights were protected .
He was delighted to see foreigners in town .
At his office in central Gardez , Bidar showed us a wall of files .
" All I do nowadays is chart complaints against the US military , " he said .
" Many thousands of people have been rounded up and detained by them .
Those who have been freed say that they were held alongside foreign detainees who 've been brought to this country to be processed .
No one is charged .
No one is identified .
No international monitors are allowed into the US jails . "
He pulled out a handful of files : " People who have been arrested say they 've been brutalised - the tactics used are beyond belief . "
The jails are closed to outside observers , making it impossible to test the truth of the claims .
Last November , a man from Gardez died of hypothermia in a US military jail .
When his family were called to collect the body , they were given a $ 100 note for the taxi ride and no explanation .
In scores more cases , people have simply disappeared .
Prisoner transports crisscross the country between a proliferating network of detention facilities .
In addition to the camps in Gardez , there are thought to be US holding facilities in the cities of Khost , Asadabad and Jalalabad , as well as an official US detention centre in Kandahar , where the tough regime has been nicknamed " Camp Slappy " by former prisoners .
There are 20 more facilities in outlying US compounds and fire bases that complement a major " collection centre " at Bagram air force base .
The CIA has one facility at Bagram and another , known as the " Salt Pit " , in an abandoned brick factory north of Kabul .
More than 1,500 prisoners from Afghanistan and many other countries are thought to be held in such jails , although no one knows for sure because the US military declines to comment .
Anyone who has got in the way of the prison transports has been met with brutal force .
Bidar directed us to a small Shia neighbourhood on the edge of town where a multiple killing was still under investigation .
Inside a frozen courtyard , a former policeman , Said Sardar , 25 , was sat beside his crutches .
On May 1 2004 , he was manning a checkpoint when a car careened through .
" Inside were men dressed like Arabs , but they were western men , " he said .
" They had prisoners in the car . "
Sardar fired a warning shot for the car to stop .
" The western men returned fire and within minutes two US attack helicopters hovered above us .
They fired three rockets at the police station .
One screamed past me .
I saw its fiery tail and blacked out . "
He was taken to Bagram , where US military doctors had to amputate his leg .
Afterwards , he said , " an American woman appeared .
She said the US was sorry .
It was a mistake .
The men in the car were Special Forces or CIA on a mission .
She gave me $ 500 . "
Sardar showed us into another room in his compound where a circle of children stared glumly at us ; their fathers , all policemen , were killed in the same incident .
" Five dead .
Four in hospital .
To protect covert US prisoner transports , " he says .
Later , US helicopters were deployed in two similar incidents that left nine dead .
In his builders ' merchant 's shop , Mohammed Timouri describes how he lost his son .
" Ismail was a part - time taxi driver , waiting to go to college , " he says , handing us a photograph of a beardless , short - haired 19 - year - old held aloft in a coffin at his funeral last March .
" A convoy delivering prisoners from a facility in Jalalabad to one in Kabul became snarled up in traffic .
A US soldier jumped down and lifted a woman out of the way .
She screamed .
Ismail stepped forward to explain she was a conservative person , wearing a burka .
The soldier dropped the woman and shot Ismail in front of a crowd of 20 people . "
Mohammed received a letter from the Afghan police : " We apologise to you , " the police chief wrote .
" An innocent was killed by Americans . "
The US army declined to comment on Ismail 's death or on a second fatal shooting by another prison transport at the same crossroads later that month .
It also refused to comment on an incident outside Kabul when a prison patrol reportedly cleared a crowd of children by throwing a grenade into their midst .
However , we have since heard that the CIA 's inspector general is investigating at least eight serious incidents , including two deaths in custody , following complaints by agents about the activities of their military colleagues .
There are insurgents active in the Gardez area , as there are throughout the south of Afghanistan , remnants of the old order and the newly disaffected .
Every morning it takes Afghan police several hours to pick along the highway unearthing explosives concealed overnight .
And so it was mid-morning before we were able to leave town , crawling over the Gardez - Khost pass , some 10,000 ft high .
No one saw us slipping on to the fertile Khost plain , where Osama bin Laden once had his training camps - the camps were destroyed by US cruise missiles in August 1998 .
Today a shrine to Taliban loyalists still greets travellers to the city , although no one here would say they preferred the old life .
US Camp Salerno , the largest base outside Kabul , dominates the area around Khost .
Inside the city , Kamal Sadat , a local stringer for BBC World Service , told how he was detained last September and found himself locked up in a prison filled with suspects from many countries .
" Even though I showed my press accreditation , I was hooded , driven to Salerno and then flown to another US base .
I had no idea where I was or why I had been detained . "
He was held in a small wooden cell , and soldiers combed through his notebooks , copying down names and phone numbers .
" Every time I was moved within the base , I was hooded again .
Every prisoner has to maintain absolute silence .
I could hear helicopters whirring above me .
Prisoners were arriving and leaving all the time .
There were also cells beneath me , under the ground . "
After three days , Sadat was flown back to Khost and freed without explanation .
" It was only later I learned that I had been held in Bagram .
If the BBC had not intervened , I fear I would not have got out . "
After his release , the US military said it had all been a misunderstanding , and apologised .
Camp Salerno , which houses the 1,200 troops of US Combined Taskforce Thunder , was being expanded when we arrived .
Army tents were being replaced with concrete dormitories .
The detention facility , concealed behind a perimeter of opaque green webbing , was being modernised and enlarged .
Ensconced in a Soviet - era staff building was the camp 's commanding officer , Colonel Gary Cheeks .
He listened calmly as we asked about the allegations of torture , deaths and disappearances at US detention facilities including Salerno .
We read to him from a complaint made by a UN official in Kabul that accused the US military of using " cowboy - like excessive force " .
He eased forward in his chair : " There have been some tragic accidents for which we have apologised .
Some people have been paid compensation . "
We put to him the specific case of Mohammed Khan , from a village near the Pakistan border , who died in custody at Camp Salerno : his relatives say his body showed signs of torture .
" You could go on for ages with a 'he said , she said ' .
You have to take my word for it , " said Cheeks .
He remembered Khan 's death : " He was bitten by a snake and died in his cell . "
He added , " We are building new holding cells here to make life better for detainees .
We are systematising our prison programme across the country . "
For what reason ?
" So all guards and interrogators behave by the same code of behaviour , " the colonel said .
Is it not the case that an ever - increasing number of prisoners have vanished , while others are being shuttled between jails to keep their families in the dark ?
Cheeks moved towards his office door : " There are many things that are distorted .
No one has vanished here ...
Look , the war against the Taliban is one small part .
I want the Afghan people with us .
They are the key to ending conflict .
If they fear us or we do wrong by them , then we have lost . "
However , many Afghans who celebrated the fall of the Taliban have long lost faith in the US military .
In Kabul , Nader Nadery , of the Human Rights Commission , told us , " Afghanistan is being transformed into an enormous US jail .
What we have here is a military strategy that has spawned serious human rights abuses , a system of which Afghanistan is but one part . "
In the past 18 months , the commission has logged more than 800 allegations of human rights abuses committed by US troops .
The Afghan government privately shares Nadery 's fears .
One minister , who asked not to be named , said , " Washington holds Afghanistan up to the world as a nascent democracy and yet the US military has deliberately kept us down , using our country to host a prison system that seems to be administered arbitrarily , indiscriminately and without accountability . "
What has been glimpsed in Afghanistan is a radical plan to replace Guantánamo Bay .
When that detention centre was set up in January 2002 , it was essentially an offshore gulag - beyond the reach of the US constitution and even the Geneva conventions .
That all changed in July 2004 .
The US supreme court ruled that the federal court in Washington had jurisdiction to hear a case that would decide if the Cuban detentions were in violation of the US constitution , its laws or treaties .
The military commissions , which had been intended to dispense justice to the prisoners , were in disarray , too .
No prosecution cases had been prepared and no defence cases would be readily offered as the US National Association of Criminal Defence Lawyers had described the commissions as unethical , a decision backed by a federal judge who ruled in January that they were " illegal " .
Guantánamo was suddenly bogged down in domestic lawsuits .
It had lost its practicality .
So a global prison network built up over the previous three years , beyond the reach of American and European judicial process , immediately began to pick up the slack .
The process became explicit last week when the Pentagon announced that half of the 540 or so inmates at Guantánamo are to be transferred to prisons in Afghanistan and Saudi Arabia .
Since September 11 2001 , one of the US 's chief strategies in its " war on terror " has been to imprison anyone considered a suspect on whatever grounds .
To that end it commandeered foreign jails , built cellblocks at US military bases and established covert CIA facilities that can be located almost anywhere , from an apartment block to a shipping container .
The network has no visible infrastructure - no prison rolls , visitor rosters , staff lists or complaints procedures .
Terror suspects are being processed in Afghanistan and in dozens of facilities in Pakistan , Uzbekistan , Jordan , Egypt , Thailand , Malaysia , Indonesia and the British island of Diego Garcia in the southern Indian Ocean .
Those detained are held incommunicado , without charge or trial , and frequently shuttled between jails in covert air transports , giving rise to the recently coined US military expression " ghost detainees " .
Most of the countries hosting these invisible prisons are already partners in the US coalition .
Others , notably Syria , are pragmatic associates , which work privately alongside the CIA and US Special Forces , despite bellicose public statements from President Bush ( he has condemned Syria for harbouring terrorism , for aiding the remnants of the Saddam Hussein regime , and most recently has demanded that Syrian troops quit Lebanon ) .
All the host countries are renowned for their poor human rights records , enabling interrogators ( US soldiers , contractors and their local partners ) to operate .
We have obtained prisoner letters , declassified FBI files , legal depositions , witness statements and testimony from US and UK officials , which document the alleged methods deployed in Afghanistan - shackles , hoods , electrocution , whips , mock executions , sexual humiliation and starvation - and suggest they are practised across the network .
Sir Nigel Rodley , a former UN special rapporteur on torture , said , " The more hidden detention practices there are , the more likely that all legal and moral constraints on official behaviour will be removed . "
The only " ghost detainees " to have been identified by Washington are a handful of high - profile al - Qaida operatives such as Abu Zubayda , Bin Laden 's lieutenant , who vanished after being picked up by Pakistani authorities in Faisalabad in March 2002 .
In June of that year , US defence secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Zubayda was " under US control " .
He did not say where , although sources in the Pakistani government said Zubayda was being held at a CIA facility in their country .
In May 2003 , Bush clarified the fate of Waleed Muhammad bin Attash , an alleged conspirator in the USS Cole bombing , who disappeared after being arrested by police in Pakistan in April 2003 .
Bush described Attash as " a killer ... one less person that people who love freedom have to worry about " ; he is also one more person who has never appeared on a US prison roll .
In June 2004 , a senior counterterrorism official in Britain confirmed that Hambali ( a nom de guerre ) - accused of organising the October 2002 Bali bombings and unseen since Thai police seized him in August 2003 - was " singing like a bird " , apparently at the US base on Diego Garcia .
Evidence we have collected , however , shows that many more of those swept up in the network have few provable connections to any outlawed organisation ; experts in the field describe their value in the war against terror as " negligible " .
Former prisoners claim they were released only after naming names , coerced into making false confessions that led to the arrests of more people unconnected to terrorism , in a system of justice that owes more to Stanley Milgram 's Six Degrees Of Separation - where anyone can be linked to everyone else in the world in as many stages - than to analytical jurisprudence .
The floating population of " ghost detainees " , according to US and UK military officials , now exceeds 10,000 .
The roots of the prison network can be traced to the legal wrangles that began as soon as the first terror suspects were rounded up just weeks after the September 11 attacks .
As CIA agents and US forces began to capture suspected al - Qaida fighters in the war in Afghanistan , Alberto Gonzales , White House counsel , looked for ways to " dispense justice swiftly , close to where our forces may be fighting , without years of pre-trial proceedings or post - trial appeals " .
On November 13 2001 , George Bush signed an order to establish military commissions to try " enemy belligerents " who commit war crimes .
At such a commission , a foreign war criminal would have no choice over his defence counsel , no right to know the evidence against him , no way of obtaining any evidence in his favour and no right of attorney - client confidentiality .
Defending the commissions , Gonzales ( now promoted to US attorney general ) insisted , " The suggestion that [ they ] will afford only sham justice like that dispensed in dictatorial nations is an insult to our military justice system . "
When the first prisoners arrived at Guantánamo Bay in January 2002 , Donald Rumsfeld announced that they were all Taliban or al - Qaida fighters , and as such were designated " unlawful combatants " .
The US administration argued that al - Qaida and the Taliban were not the official army of Afghanistan , but a criminal force that did not wear uniforms , could not be distinguished from civilians and practised war crimes ; on this basis , the administration claimed , it was entitled to sidestep the Geneva conventions and normal legal constraints .
From there , it was only a small moral step for the Bush administration to overlook the use of torture by regimes previously condemned by the US state department , so long as they , too , signed up to the war against terror .
" Egypt , Jordan , Malaysia , Thailand , Indonesia , Pakistan , Uzbekistan and even Syria were all asked to make their detention facilities and expert interrogators available to the US , " one former counterterrorism agent told us .
In the UK , a similar process began unfolding .
In December 2001 , the then home secretary David Blunkett withdrew Britain from its obligation under the European human rights treaty not to detain anyone without trial ; on December 18 , the Anti-terrorism , Crime and Security Act was passed , extending the government 's powers of arrest and detention .
Within 24 hours , 10 men were seized in dawn raids on their homes and taken to Belmarsh and Woodhill prisons ( some of them will have been among those released in the past week ) .
Subsequently the Foreign Office subtly modified internal guidance to diplomats , enabling them to use intelligence obtained through torture .
A letter from the Foreign & Commonwealth Office directorate sent to Sir Michael Jay , head of the diplomatic service , and Mathew Kidd of Whitehall liaison , a euphemism for MI6 , suggested in March 2003 that although such intelligence was inadmissible as evidence in a UK court , it could still be received and acted upon by the British government .
The government 's attitude was spelt out to the Intelligence and Security Committee of MPs and peers by foreign secretary Jack Straw who , while acknowledging that torture was " completely unacceptable " and that information obtained under torture is more likely to be embellished , concluded , " you can not ignore it if the price of ignoring it is 3,000 people dead " [ a reference to the September 11 attacks ] .
One former ambassador told us , " This was new ground for the FCO .
As long as we did n't do it , we 're OK .
But by taking advantage of this intelligence , we 're encouraging the use of torture and , in my opinion , are in contravention of the UN Convention Against Torture .
What worried me most was that information obtained under torture , given credence by some gung - ho Whitehall warrior , could be used to keep another poor soul locked up without trial or charge . "
Although the true extent of the US extra-legal network is only now becoming apparent , people began to disappear as early as 2001 when the US asked its allies in Europe and the Middle East to examine their refugee communities in search of possible terror cells , such as that run by Mohammed Atta in Hamburg which had planned and executed the September 11 attacks .
Among the first to vanish was Ahmed Agiza , an Egyptian asylum seeker who had been living in Sweden with his wife and children for three years .
Hanan , Agiza 's wife , told us how on December 18 2001 her husband failed to return home from his language class .
" The phone rang at 5 pm .
It was Ahmed .
He said he'd been arrested and then the line went dead .
The next day our lawyer told me that Ahmed was being sent back to Egypt .
It would be better if he was dead . "
Agiza and his family had fled Egypt in 1991 , after years of persecution , and in absentia he had been sentenced to life imprisonment by a military court .
Hanan said , " I called my mother - in - law in Egypt .
Finally , in April , she was allowed to see Ahmed in Mazrah Torah prison , in Cairo , when he revealed what had happened . "
On December 18 2001 , Agiza and a second Egyptian refugee , Mohammed Al - Zery , had been arrested by Swedish intelligence acting upon a request from the US .
They were driven , shackled and blindfolded , to Stockholm 's Bromma airport , where they were cuffed and cut from their clothes .
Suppositories were inserted into both men's anuses , they were wrapped in plastic nappies , dressed in jumpsuits and handed over to an American aircrew who flew them out of Sweden on a private executive jet .
Agiza and Al - Zery landed in Cairo at 3 am the next morning and were taken to the state security investigation office , where they were held in solitary confinement in underground cells .
Mohammed Zarai , former director of the Cairo - based Human Rights Centre for the Assistance of Prisoners , told us that Agiza was repeatedly electrocuted , hung upside down , whipped with an electrical flex and hospitalised after being made to lick his cell floor clean .
Hanan , who was granted asylum in Sweden in 2004 , said , " I can't sleep at night without expecting someone to knock on the door and send us away on a plane to a place that scares me more than anything else .
What can Ahmed do ? "
Her husband is still incarcerated in Cairo , while Al - Zery is under house arrest there .
There have been calls for an international independent investigation into the roles of the Swedish , US and Egyptian authorities .
We were able to chart the toing and froing of the private executive jet used at Bromma partly through the observations of plane - spotters posted on the web and partly through a senior source in the Pakistan Inter Services Intelligence agency ( ISI ) .
It was a Gulfstream V Turbo , tailfin number N379P ; its flight plans always began at an airstrip in Smithfield , North Carolina , and ended in some of the world 's hot spots .
It was owned by Premier Executive Transport Services , incorporated in Delaware , a brass plaque company with nonexistent directors , hired by American agents to revive an old CIA tactic from the 1970s , when agency men had kidnapped South American criminals and flown them back to their own countries to face trial so that justice could be rendered .
Now " rendering " was being used by the Bush administration to evade justice .
Robert Baer , a CIA case officer in the Middle East until 1997 , told us how it works .
" We pick up a suspect or we arrange for one of our partner countries to do it .
Then the suspect is placed on civilian transport to a third country where , let 's make no bones about it , they use torture .
If you want a good interrogation , you send someone to Jordan .
If you want them to be killed , you send them to Egypt or Syria .
Either way , the US can not be blamed as it is not doing the heavy work . "
The Agiza and Al - Zery cases were not the first in which the Gulfstream was used .
On October 23 2001 , at 2.40 am at Karachi airport , it picked up Jamil Qasim Saeed Mohammed , a Yemeni microbiologist who had been arrested by Pakistan 's ISI and was wanted in connection with the USS Cole attack .
On January 10 2002 , the jet was used again , taking off from Halim airport in Jakarta with a hooded and shackled Mohammed Saeed Iqbal Madni on board , an Egyptian accused of being an accomplice of British shoe bomber Richard Reid .
Madni was flown to Cairo where , according to the Human Rights Centre for the Assistance of Prisoners , he died during interrogation .
Since then , the jet has been used at least 72 times , including a flight in June 2002 when it landed in Morocco to pick up German national Mohammed Zamar , who was " rendered " to Syria , his country of origin , before disappearing .
It was in December 2001 that the US began to commandeer foreign jails so that its own interrogators could work on prisoners within them .
Among the first were Haripur and Kohat , no -frills prisons in the lawless North West Frontier Province of Pakistan which now hold nearly as many detainees as Guantánamo .
In January , we attempted to visit Kohat jail , but as we drove towards the security perimeter our vehicle was turned back by ISI agents and we were escorted back to the nearby city of Peshawar .
We eventually located several former detainees , including Mohammed , a university student who described how he was arrested and then initially interrogated in one of many covert ISI holding centres that are being jointly run with the CIA .
Mohammed said , " I was questioned for four weeks in a windowless room by plain - clothed US agents .
I did n't know if it was day or night .
They said they could make me disappear . "
One day he was bundled into a vehicle .
" I arrived in Kohat jail .
There were 100 prisoners from all over the Middle East .
Later I was moved to Haripur where there were even more . "
Adil , another detainee who was held for three years in Haripur after illegally crossing into Pakistan from Afghanistan , where he had escaped from the Taliban , says , " US interrogators came and went as they pleased . "
Both Mohammed and Adil said they were often taken from the hot cell and doused with ice - cold water .
Adil says , " American women ordered us to get undressed .
They 'd touch us and taunt us .
They made us lie naked on top of each other and simulate acts . "
Mohammed and Adil were released without charge in November 2004 but , according to legal depositions , there are still 400 prisoners detained in the jails at the request of the US .
Among them are many who it is extremely unlikely took part in the Afghan war : they are too young or too old to have been combatants .
Some have taken legal action against the Pakistani authorities for breach of human rights .
A military intelligence official in Washington told us that no one in the US administration seemed concerned about the impact of the coercive tactics practised by the growing global network on the quality of intelligence obtained , although there was plenty of evidence it was unreliable .
On September 26 2002 , Maher Arar , a 34 - year - old Canadian computer scientist , was arrested at New York 's JFK airport as a result of a paper - thin evidential chain .
Syrian - born Arar told us , " I was pulled aside by US immigration at 2 pm .
I told them I had a connecting flight to Montreal where I had a job interview . "
However , Arar was " rendered " in a private jet , via Washington , Portland and Rome , landing in Amman , Jordan , where he was held at what a Jordanian source described as a US - run interrogation centre .
From there , he was handed over to Syria , the country he had left as a 17 - year - old boy .
He says he spent the next 12 months being tortured and in solitary confinement , unaware that someone he barely knew had named him as a terrorist .
The chain of events that led to Arar 's arrest , or kidnapping , began in November 2001 , when another Canadian , Ahmad Abou El - Maati , from Montreal , was arrested at Damascus airport .
He was accused of being a terrorist and asked to identify his al - Qaida connections .
By the time he 'd endured two years of torture , El - Maati had reeled off the names of everyone he knew in Montreal , including Abdullah Almalki , an electrical engineer .
Almalki was arrested as he flew into Damascus airport to join his parents on holiday in May 2002 , and would spend the next two years being tortured in a Syrian detention facility .
Almalki knew Arward Al - Bousha , also from Ottawa , who in July 2002 , upon arriving in Damascus to visit his dying father , was also arrested .
El - Maati , Almalki and Al - Bousha all knew Maher Arar by sight through Muslim community events in Ottawa .
After his release from jail in Syria , uncharged , in January 2004 , El - Maati admitted that he had erroneously named Maher Arar as a terrorist to " stop the vicious torture " .
Arar , who was eventually released in October 2003 after a Syrian court threw out a coerced confession in which he said he had been trained by al - Qaida , told us , " I am not a terrorist .
I do n't know anyone who is .
But the tolerant Muslim community I come from here in Canada has become vitriolic and demoralised . "
Arar 's case is now the subject of a judicial inquiry in Canada , but since his release and that of Al - Bousha and Almalki , another five men from Ottawa have been detained in Syria , Egypt and Saudi Arabia .
Five days after the US supreme court ruled in July 2004 that federal courts had jurisdiction over Guantánamo , Naeem Noor Khan , a 25 - year - old computer programmer from Karachi , disappeared during a business trip to Lahore .
He was not taken to Guantánamo .
His father Hayat told us that he learned of his son's fate after a neighbour called on August 2 to say that US newspapers were running a story about " the capture of a figure from al - Qaida in Pakistan " who had led " the CIA to a rich lode of information " .
An unnamed US intelligence official claimed Naeem Noor Khan operated websites and email addresses for al - Qaida .
The following day Pakistan 's information minister trumpeted the ISI 's seizure of Naeem Noor Khan on behalf of the US on July 13 .
The prisoner had " confessed to receiving 25 days of military training from an al - Qaida camp in June 1998 " .
No corroborative evidence was offered .
Babar Awan , one of Pakistan 's leading advocates , representing the family , said he had learned from a contact in the Pakistani government that Naeem Noor Khan was wanted by the US , having been named by one of a group of Malaysian students who had been detained incommunicado and threatened with torture in Pakistan in September 2003 .
Awan said , " The student was subsequently freed uncharged and described how he was threatened until he offered the names of anyone he had met in Pakistan .
There is no evidence against Naeem Noor Khan except for this coerced statement , and even worse he has now vanished and so there is no prison to petition for his release . "
Khan had been swallowed up by a catch - all system that gathers up anyone connected by even a thread to terror .
Unable to distinguish its friends from its enemies , the US suspects both .
Dawn broke on the festival of Eid and four US army vehicles gunned their engines in preparation for a " hearts and minds " operation in Khost city , Afghanistan .
A roll call of marines , each with their blood group scrawled on their boots , was ticked off and we were added to the muster .
The convoy hurtled towards the city .
Men and boys began to run alongside .
First a handful and then a dozen .
The crowd was heading for a vast prayer ground , and soon there were thousands of devotees in brand newEid caps and starched shalwas marching out to pray .
The US Humvees pulled over .
The armoured personnel carriers , too .
A dozen US marines stepped down , eyes obscured by goggles , faces by balaclavas .
They fell into formation and stomped into the crowd while a group of Afghan police looked on incredulously .
" Keep tight .
Keep tight .
Keep looking all around us , " a US marines captain shouted .
More than 10,000 Pashtun men were now on their knees praying as a line of khaki pushed between them .
An egg flew .
Then another .
" One more , sir , and the guy who did it is going down , " a young sergeant mumbled , as the disturbed crowd rose to its feet .
Bearded men with Kalashnikovs emerged from behind a stone wall and edged towards us , cutting off our path .
The line of khaki began to panic , and jostled the children .
" Back away , back away now , " shouted the sergeant .
Suddenly an armoured personnel carrier roared to meet us .
" Jump up , people , " the captain shouted , and the convoy sped back to Camp Salerno .
And perhaps this event above all others - of a nervous phalanx of US marines forcing its way across a prayer ground on one of the holiest , most joyous days in the Islamic calendar , an itching trigger away from a Somalian - style dogfight of their own making - is the one that encapsulates everything that has gone wrong with the global war against terror .
The US army came to Afghanistan as liberators and now are feared as governors , judges and jailers .
How many US marines know what James Madison , an architect of the US constitution , wrote in 1788 ?
Reflecting on the War of Independence in which Americans were arbitrarily arrested and detained without trial by British forces , Madison concluded that the " accumulation of all powers , legislative , executive and judiciary , in the same hands may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny "
BBC Iranian affairs analyst Sadeq Saba looks at the key questions in the wake of the country 's bitterly contested presidential election result .
How did this crisis begin ?
Authorities have made it hard to organise protests Street protests , which have drawn the largest crowds since the Iranian Revolution in 1979 , followed the announcement of the 12 June presidential election result .
The result , after a strong turnout and a campaign that seemed to energise many young voters , was expected to be much closer , and the poll was perhaps expected to go to a second round .
According to the official result Mahmoud Ahmadinejad received 62.6 % of the vote , Mir Hossein Mousavi 33.8 % , Mohsen Rezai 1.7 % and Mehdi Karroubi 0.9 % .
Turnout was 85 % with just under 40 million Iranians voting .
Millions of Iranian simply did not believe the result .
The main demand of the protesters has been an annulment of the result and an election re-run .
Iran 's Spiritual Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has since insisted there was no election fraud and has demanded an end to the protests .
What next for the protesters ?
We are seeing fewer protesters on the streets and the rallies appear to be smaller and more spontaneous .
After the recent killings , people are frightened and families are not allowing their young people to attend .
Mir Hossein Mousavi , runner - up in the presidential election , and others are saying that people should be allowed to demonstrate peacefully .
But there is no clear leadership to the protest now .
The authorities have made it very hard to organise protests - they have arrested hundreds of people and restricted their ability to communicate .
The authorities appear to be taking tighter and tighter control of the situation .
This said , the next key moment or choice for the protesters comes later this week .
Ayatollah Montazeri , a widely respected senior cleric who is often a critic of the government , is calling for three days of mourning for those killed in recent protests .
The days of mourning are set for Wednesday , Thursday and Friday .
Political protests associated with mourning have a strong tradition for Shia Muslims .
If large numbers of people come out on these days , much could change .
What is going on behind the scenes ?
Former President Mohammed Khatami has been unusually outspoken - continuing to question the election result and calling on the authorities to release those arrested recently .
On the other side , a powerful conservative , speaker of the parliament Ali Larijani , has made some comments that I see as conciliatory .
He said on one of the state channels that the number of people questioning the election result was large .
" This group should be respected and one should not mix this big population 's account with a small group of rioters , " Mr Larijani said .
Also , the arrest of members of the family of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani - a former president , a powerful opponent of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and key backer of Mr Mousavi 's bid for the presidency - was a strong signal that even the most established figures are not invulnerable .
What is the evidence that the election was rigged ?
The way the result was announced was very unusual .
It came out in blocks of millions of votes , in percentages , rather than being announced province - by - province as in past elections .
And as the blocks of votes came in , the percentages for each candidate changed very , very little .
That suggested that Mr Ahmadinejad did equally well in rural and urban areas .
Conversely , it suggested that the other three losing candidates did equally badly in their home regions and provinces .
This overturns all precedents in Iranian politics and there has been no explanation , despite repeated questions , from the authorities .
It is all very suspicious .
But it does not necessarily mean there has been widespread electoral fraud .
For example , a group of international pollsters did an independent telephone survey three weeks ago which suggested a two - to - one level of popular support for Mr Ahmadinejad over Mr Mousavi , with the other candidates on less than 2 % each .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If home is where the heart is , a new survey suggests that most people are n't sure exactly where they live .
More than half of people cannot pinpoint the exact location of the human heart on a diagram , and nearly 70 percent can't correctly identify the shape of the lungs , according to the survey .
This lack of knowledge is n't just embarrassing -- it could lead to a poorer quality of health care , some experts say .
In the study , published in the journal BMC Family Practice , a research team surveyed 722 Britons -- 589 hospital outpatients and 133 people in the general population .
They gave the volunteers four diagrams of human figures and asked them to choose the one that showed the correct size and location of a specific organ .
( For example , the heart diagrams showed various size organs on the far left side of the chest , directly in the center , anchored on the center / left chest , and on the right side of the chest . )
Overall , people knew less basic anatomy than the researchers expected -- even those patients being treated for a specific condition involving that organ .
Participants generally answered half the questions correctly , including 46.5 percent who knew which drawing represented their heart .
In all , 31.4 percent correctly identified the lungs , 38.4 percent the stomach , 41.8 percent the thyroid , and 42.5 percent the kidneys .
The intestines and bladder were the most easily identified , with 85.9 percent and 80.7 percent , respectively , answering the question correctly .
Health.com :
Are you cholesterol smart ?
Take this quiz
There was little to no improvement compared with a similar study conducted in 1970 , says lead author John Weinman , Ph.D. , of King 's College London .
In that study , subjects correctly identified eight major body parts about half of the time .
( The researchers used the same body parts from the 1970 study and added three more : the pancreas , gallbladder , and ovaries . )
Given the accessibility of the Internet and the prominence of health stories in the news media today , Weinman 's team expected that people would now know more about their body .
Weinman says he would n't be surprised if a study based in the United States produced similar results -- or worse .
" I imagine they would be similar , but there could well be regional variation , depending on which part of the U.S. the participants were from , " he says .
" Actually , I asked one of my colleagues , who is from the U.S. , and she felt that Americans might be worse because , to quote her , ' Very many Americans do n't even know where New Jersey is , so how would they know where their pancreas is ? ' "
Health.com : Eat Smarter in your 30s , 40s , and 50s
That may sound harsh , but time and again , U.S. studies have shown that doctors overestimate how much their patients understand about their conditions and treatment .
Adam Kelly , Ph.D. , an assistant professor of medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine , in Houston , Texas , conducted a 2007 study , that showed that doctors overestimate patient literacy and that a lack of patient knowledge leads to poorer care .
Kelly believes the problem could be " even more profound " in the United States , although a similar study has not been conducted in America .
Still , anatomy may not be the best measure of health literacy , says Sandeep Jauhar , M.D. , the director of the heart failure program at the Long Island Jewish Medical Center , and the author of " Intern : A Doctor 's Initiation . "
Health.com : Computer games that boost your memory
" They would like us to draw the conclusion that because the patients can't identify these organs anatomically that that is an indication of low health - care literacy -- and that may or may not be true , " he says .
" I work with heart failure patients , and whether they can identify where their heart is is not so important to me as long as they know which medicines to take and when . "
Many patients with heart failure , unfortunately , do n't know which medicines to take , can't identify their symptoms , and do n't follow up with their doctors , Jauhar says .
" So health illiteracy is definitely a big problem , " he adds .
" I just do n't know that this is the best study to show that Americans or Europeans are illiterate when it comes to their health care . "
The study suggests that patients with liver disease and diabetes may be the most health - literate :
They were the only two groups to do better than the general population when identifying their affected organ .
Overall , 75.3 percent of those with liver disease could find the liver ( versus 45.9 percent in the general population ) and 53.7 percent of diabetics could locate the pancreas ( versus 30.8 percent ) .
Health.com : How I survived a heart attack at 43
" It is possible that patient - education material for people with diabetes may help to increase their knowledge [ of the pancreas ] , but it is still only at the 50 percent level , " Weinman says .
" The same explanation may also be true for liver disease , but it may be a chance finding due to the sampling of patients for this study , and it really needs replicating in other larger studies to be certain it is a robust finding and to search for possible reasons for it . "
Weinman says there 's a mountain of evidence to prove that effective communication from doctors increases patient satisfaction and understanding , leading to better clinical outcomes and improved adherence to treatment .
Health.com : I lost my insurance , stopped my diabetes medication , and had a heart attack
Jauhar agrees that health literacy improves not only the quality of health care , but also life expectancy .
" Health literacy is clearly very important , and how well patients are versed in their own health care is probably just as important a factor in determining longevity as genes or socioeconomic status , " he says .
" These are important factors in how long someone lives . "
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
" We were on a break , " is just an excuse likely to get you yelled at today but a new study at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Gamboa , Panama says there may be some long - term value in it - at least if you are an ant .
Fungus - farming ants have cultivated the same fungal crops for 50 million years , they say .
Each young ant queen carries a bit of fungus garden with her when she flies away to mate and establish a new nest .
Short breaks in the ants ' relationship with the fungus during nest establishment may contribute to the stability of this long - term mutualism .
Ants in the genus Acromyrmex cultivate a single fungal species in their nests : Leucoagaricus gonglyophorus .
Mature ant colonies contain one fungal clone -- a single genotype , which uses several strategies to make sure that other fungi do not invade .
Acromyrmex ant queens usually start a new fungal garden with a bit of fungus from their natal nest , but sometimes the end up cultivating another fungal clone .
Credit : Sophie A.O. Armitage
" We were struck by the paradox that even though the ants transfer a single fungal strain from generation to generation , nests of different ant species , and even genera , throughout Central America share genetically very similar fungi , indicating that there are exchanges going on between fungi from different nests , " said Michael Poulsen , who held a Smithsonian short term fellowship while a doctoral student at the University of Copenhagen .
" In these experiments , we found that there is a very short window of time - as the young queen establishes a new nest - when partner switching can occur .
" Researchers noticed that several queens from different colonies sometimes start nests very close together and wondered if young queens were given fungi from a nest other than their natal nest — would they treat it as their own fungal crop ?
" That 's exactly what happens , " said Poulsen , now research associate at the University of Wisconsin .
" Young queens adopt a fungus from another nest and cultivate it in their new nest .
This sort of temporary partner switching probably acts as an evolutionary safety net in the ant - fungus mutualism by preventing the accumulation of deleterious mutations .
" The study , published in the journal Evolution , was supported by The Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute , the Lundbeck Foundation , the U.S. National Science Foundation and the Danish National Research Foundation .
Panama 's National Environmental Authority ( ANAM ) issued permits .
We ’ve already posted today promo photos ofas the Mad Hatter , as the Red Queen andas the White Queen for ’s “ ” We have n’t seen images of some other characters from the movie – Tweedledee and Tweedledum , The Caterpillar , The Cheshire Cat .
But now we have closer look at the two brothers Tweedledee and Tweedledum – the twins played by British comicTake a look below .
As you can notice , the lead , as Alice is also among these new photos .
We hope to see some pics ofas The Caterpillar andas The Cheshire Cat soon .
What do you think of the new images ?
DETROIT -- A Detroit councilwoman married to Democratic U.S. Rep. John Conyers Jr. pleaded guilty to a federal charge of conspiracy to commit bribery , the latest batch of bad news for a city already shaken by scandals and financial peril .
In a plea deal , Monica Conyers admitted to a " pattern of conduct of accepting bribes " from a waste - management company that was seeking a $ 47 million sludge - disposal contract from the city .
The company , Synagro Technologies , of Houston , was awarded the contract in a 5 - 4 vote , with Mrs. Conyers ...
Skip to comments .
Obama U - turn on abuse photos
BBC ^ | 16:46 GMT , Wednesday , 13 May 2009 | staff
Posted on by gandalftb
US President Barack Obama has changed his mind and will now attempt to block the publication of photographs showing the abuse of prisoners by US soldiers .
The US government had previously said it would not fight a court ruling ordering the release of the pictures .
Mr Obama now believes the release of the photos would make the job of US troops in Iraq and Afghanistan more difficult , White House officials said .
The pictures were due to be released by 28 May , according to the court ruling .
( Excerpt ) Read more at news.bbc.co.uk ...
TOPICS :
Breaking News
Foreign Affairs
Government
News / Current Events
KEYWORDS :
abuse
agenda
agitprop
bho44
bhodod
obamabreakspromises
obamaflipflops
photos
torture
Sanity reigns .
To : gandalftb
Maybe they are relatives of his and it pains him to see them as “ terrorists ” ?
by 2 posted onby nmh ( Intelligent people recognize Intelligent Design ( God ) . )
To : gandalftb
One small isolated incident of sanity .
To : gandalftb
Some of the damage has been done , all in his plan to trash America , its military , our missions in two theaters , and the Bush Administration , ie , all patriots .
To : gandalftb
Just like John Effin Kerry , he was for it before he was against it .
by 5 posted onby ArrogantBustard ( Western Civilization is Aborting , Buggering , and Contracepting itself out of existence . )
To : gandalftb
0 be proves , once again , that he is an idiot .
by 6 posted onby Paladin2 ( Big Ears + Big Spending -->
BigEarMarx , the man behind TOTUS )
To : gandalftb
Ha !
The Liberals are going to go nuts !
To : gandalftb
Yeah - now that Pelosi and the Democrats have been documented as being briefed about the “ torture ” , it would be a little embarrassing at their own trial for war crimes .
To : gandalftb
No , this means the photos will be “ leaked ” instead of turned over .
by 9 posted onby Deb ( Beat him , strip him and bring him to my tent ! )
To : gandalftb
" Sanity reigns . "
Self preservation more likely .
Obviously something in the photos will reverberate badly against hisself .
To : gandalftb
There is a little crack of light splitting the darkness at the heart of destruction of America ?
Why , why the U - Turn ?
What changed ?
by 11 posted onby EBH ( May God Save the Republic ! )
To : Paladin2
As someone said on another thread , it could be the photos will be leaked and Obama gets the best of both worlds .
It 's BO's MO .
To : ArrogantBustard
Do n’t kid yourself , he ’s still for it , this is
only being done on the advise of his political
advisors who see that the release of these photos
will rebound directly on obama himself , other than
that he could care less .
by 13 posted onby tet68 ( " We would not die in that man 's company , that fears his fellowship to die with us .... "
Henry V. )
To : gandalftb
I still have n’t figured out if he is smart to the point that it ’s all just politics and he ’s playing both sides , or if he is just plain dumb and stupid .
President Flip - Flop .
To : gandalftb
Obama handlers told him to backoff .
by 15 posted onby bmwcyle ( American voters can fix this world if they would just wake up . )
To : ArrogantBustard
Like John Kerry , he ’s for releasing the documents but only if his critics cannot see them .
To : Deb
No , this means the photos will be leaked  instead of turned over .
Bingo .
by 17 posted onby kidd ( Obama : The triumph of hope over evidence )
To : tet68
yup
To : tet68
> Dont kid yourself , hes still for it , this is
only being done on the advise of his political
advisors who see that the release of these photos
will rebound directly on obama himself , other than
that he could care less . <
Perhaps someone hinted darkly about a certain birth certificate ?
by 19 posted onby Califreak ( " Could Zero be the Walkin ' Dude ? " )
To : skeeter
Well the Abu Ghraib photos were leaked by one of the participants who was already under criminal investigation .
When he was unable to secure a plea bargain , the photos were leaked .
That is blackmail and he should ’ve been prosecuted for it along with his Uncle who was negotiating the deal .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Imagine being able to detect in just a few minutes whether someone is infected with a virus .
This has now become a reality , thanks to a new ultra-sensitive detector that has been developed by Ostendum , a spin - off company of the University of Twente .
The company has just completed the first prototype and expects to be able to introduce the first version of the detector onto the market in late 2010 .
Not only does the detector carry out measurements many times faster than do standard techniques , it is also portable , so it can be used anywhere .
Ostendum ’s Aurel Ymeti ( R&D director ) , Alma Dudia ( Senior Researcher ) and Paul Nederkoorn ( CEO ) claim that if they had the right antibodies to the swine flu at their disposal , they would be able to highlight the presence of the virus within five minutes .
In addition to viruses , the device is also able to pick up bacteria , proteins and DNA molecules .
Following the outbreak of swine flu , the issue of finding a means of detecting quickly and simply whether someone is infected with a virus is again very much on the agenda .
It is important to be able to do so as soon as possible in order to prevent the virus from spreading further .
However , the techniques that are currently available do not yield results for several hours or even days .
Moreover , the tests cannot be carried out without a laboratory or trained personnel .
Researchers at Ostendum , a spin - off company of the University of Twente , have developed a portable device that can show in five minutes whether or not a person is infected with a particular virus .
The system is able to detect not only viruses , but also specific bacteria , proteins and DNA molecules , an increased or reduced concentration of which in a person ’s saliva may be an indication that they have one illness or another .
The only thing needed by the Ostendum detection method is a sample of saliva , blood or another body fluid from the person being tested and the availability of a specific receptor ( i.e. a substance that binds with a specific micro- organism or biological substance ) .
For example , in the case of a virus , a specific antibody served as a receptor on the chip and such antibody to that virus has to be available in order to be able to apply the underlying detection method .
Prototype
Ymeti demonstrated during his doctoral research in 2007 that the principle behind the detector worked .
At the time , he used a fairly sizeable laboratory set - up .
The Ostendum company was subsequently founded , in 2008 , in order to develop the principle into a marketable product .
The company has just completed the first prototype of the device , and it is presently working on two others .
The three prototypes are undergoing practical tests , in a collaboration involving the Laboratorium Microbiologie Twente Achterhoek and the Zwanenberg Food Group .
Ostendum will then make further improvements to the design of the device on the basis of the test results , and expects to have the first device ready for introduction to the marketplace in late 2010 .
How it works
The device consists of two parts : a lab - on - a - chip - system and a portable detector .
A lab - on - a- chip is a miniature laboratory the size of a chip .
The chip contains tiny channels that are coated with receptors .
The blood or saliva sample is transported to the channels with the help of a fluid system .
Substances from the saliva or blood can then bind with the receptors on the chip .
Light from a laser is guided through the channels .
If any of the substances binds with the receptors in any of the channels , this will alter the phase of the light .
Such a change will manifest itself in the interference pattern , and is a fingerprint of any viruses present , for example , or biomarkers .
The method is highly sensitive : it is possible to measure the binding of a single virus particle .
Rented “ Friends ” Pad Wedding Guest Lists
“ Help !!
Our wedding ’s not expensive enough ! ”
When ’s the last time you heard someone say that ?
How about never ?
The problem with weddings in the Western world is usually too high a price , not too low .
Sure , you could reduce expenses by shrinking the guest list .
But there ’s the boss — oh , and Jim and Frank next door — and oh my God we nearly forgot Great - Aunt Esther …
In Asia , though , matters of status and saving face often trump matters of finance .
And if making a good impression means bribing a few well - dressed strangers to attend your wedding , well , what ’s a few extra yen , or won , or rupees , anyway ?
Let ’s say your problem is too few guests at your Japanese wedding .
No sweat !
The firm Office Agents in Tokyo will rent you some for a mere $ 200 apiece , all very presentable .
Throw in 50 more bucks and they ’ll sing a song .
Add another hundred and you get a flattering speech too .
( Incidentally , they ’re available for funerals as well . )
Head counts matter at weddings in Japan , where the ideal celebration features the maximum number of relatives , friends , and coworkers .
Likewise , it ’s important to balance the number of guests on the groom ’s side and the number on the bride’s .
Office Agents ’ Hiroshi Mizutani tells of one wedding in which the groom ’s entire party , all 30 of them , were shills .
It being his second marriage , the groom did n’t care to trouble the same batch of people the second time around .
Koreans like to beef up their guest lists too , but the going rate is much lower than Japan’s .
For as little as $ 16 , a smiling guest will chitchat with the bride and compliment her on her dress , and even present the happy couple with a gift envelope .
Keep in mind that your rent - a - guest is likely to duck out just before group photos are taken , so your keepsake pictures do n’t end up full of strangers .
Count on Indian agencies , though , to offer the very best rates for phony wedding guests .
A 2005 report on the Best Guests Center , in Rajasthan , quoted a price of 600 rupees , only about 12 bucks !
And talk about value for your money :
Not only can you expect a guest who is well dressed ; he ’ll also be tall , well - spoken , and , yes , light - skinned .
Nasty work , but somebody ’s gotta do it !
( links 1 2 )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
By Patrick B. Craine
TORONTO , June 18 , 2009 ( LifeSiteNews.com ) – Minister of State for Small Business and Tourism Diane Ablonczy announced Monday that the Federal Government of Canada would be funding the Toronto Pride Week , which will run from June 19th– June 28th this year , with the theme “ Ca n’t Stop , Wo n’t Stop . ”
The $ 400,000 grant is part of the government ’s new Marquis Tourism Events Program , which is geared toward assisting major Canadian tourist events .
The money is said to be going to improve the event ’s website and accessibility to the event by those with disabilities .
“ We are thrilled by the federal government 's announcement that we will be receiving much - needed funding , ” said Tracey Sandilands , Executive Director of Pride Toronto .
“ Investments like these are key to the festival 's success and support our efforts in growing the festival each year , especially as we prepare for our 30th anniversary next year ! ”
This annual event , now being supported by the Canadian Conservative government , is notoriously and unapologetically grotesque , featuring people walking down the streets semi-nude or completely naked , and homosexuals engaging in public sex acts .
Despite the widespread flaunting of public decency laws , however , the police annually refrain from laying any charges against participants .
Pro-life and pro-family leaders say they are shocked that a government with the name “ Conservative ” would give money to such an event .
According to Brian Rushfeldt , Executive Director of the Canada Family Action Coalition ( CFAC ) , in a LifeSiteNews.com interview , this event is “ not a gay parade , it ’s a sex parade … People are marching down the street nude and doing all kinds of things . ”
“ The reference to the $ 400,000 for the Toronto sex parade is , I think , appalling , ” he said .
“ That we ’ve got the financial crisis that we do and we give that kind of tax money , taxpayer ’s money , to such an event .
I think when we give away the taxpayer ’s money , we have to ask , what does it contribute to society and to the public ?
What does the public benefit from it ? ”
“ There is n’t any public benefit ” from the Gay Pride event , Rushfeldt said .
Campaign Life Coalition ’s ( CLC ) Jeff Gunnarson commented to LifeSiteNews.com : “ Given the fact that the Conservative government supports marriage as a union of one man and one woman in Section 68 iii of their Policy Declaration , I am concerned that they find it prudent to give nearly half a million dollars to a group that diametrically opposes that very section of the policy .
“ Secondly , I am profoundly disappointed that the Minister of Tourism , who is pro-life and voted against so called same - sex marriage is ‘ pleased ’ to give this money to an unabashedly anti- traditional family group . ”
In making the announcement , Minister Ablonczy stressed the economic benefits of the event .
“ Today 's funding announcement will not only benefit the festival but also the thousands of local businesses that provide services to event attendees , ” she said .
“ The Government of Canada is proud to show its commitment to the tourism industry , particularly during this difficult economic period . ”
Gunnarson , however , questioned the economic benefits of giving money to the homosexual event .
“ How can homosexual behaviour be good for the economy ? ” he asked .
“ Homosexuals do not produce children .
In fact , a long term economic analysis would likely show that investing in organizations that promote homosexuality is a bad one as there is no long term growth in that market . ”
“ This ‘ economic stimulant ’ , ” he said , “ is short sighted and will cost the economy more in the aftermath that is higher medical costs with fewer children to pay for it . ”
Rushfeldt said he wonders why the government chose to make the funding so public .
“ What concerns me is that they ’ve given a lot of money out to various projects and various events , ” he said , but “ not often do they go and make a big splash and do a news conference to announce that .
“ So why the Minister would not just send the check off if she ’s going to give the money out , which may be required because of the way the program ’s set up , but certainly to make a big splash of it , I think is very inappropriate . ”
As LifeSiteNews.com reported last July , numerous politicians regularly join in the Toronto Gay Pride event .
Contact Information :
The Honourable Diane Ablonczy - Minister of State ( Small Business and Tourism )
House of Commons
Ottawa , Ontario K1A 0A6
Telephone : 613-996-2756
Fax : 613-992-2537
Email : [ email protected ]
Prime Minister Stephen Harper
80 Wellington Street
Ottawa K1A 0A2
Fax : 613-941-6900
E-mail : [ email protected ]
Iran ’s Guardian Council has found that the number of votes cast in 50 Iranian cities exceeded the number of people entitled to vote .
Iranian State media reported that the additional votes “ could be over 3 million and the council could at the request of the candidates re-count the affected ballot boxes . ”
While the claim has been widely reported in Western media as well , far little analysis has been done on the numbers claimed in the report .
A crunch of the numbers suggest that the number of fraudulent votes could be much , much higher than 3 million , but let me explain the math .
Voter turnout at the Iranian election was reported to be 85 % ( ref ) , a historic high in a country where voting is not compulsory .
There are anywhere from 46 million eligible voters according to Iran ’s Interior Ministry , to over 51 million according to Iran ’s Center for Statistics ( ref. )
Now the 3 million votes identified by the Guardian Council are votes cast above 100 % of eligible voters , and yet turnout is reported at 85 % .
See the gap now ?
Turnout figures are reported on a country wide average basis , and are n’t available on a city or polling booth basis ( least not in English or via an easy to identify source . )
We also do n’t know which cities or ballot boxes were affected , but we can make some estimates .
An additional 3 million votes would mean that an additional 6.5 % of votes were cast on top of the 100 % mark based on the Interior Ministry number of 46 million eligible voters .
If turnout was the average 85 % in the effected cities , that would mean that up to an additional 6.9 million fraudulent votes may have been cast on top of the 3 million figure , bringing the total to 9.9 million votes .
Now the bad news is that 9.9 million does n’t allow for the gap between Ahmadinejad and Mousavi , which was 11.3 million votes , but there could be more .
The 85 % turn out figure is strange on a couple of fronts .
Yes , there ’s obviously a mood for change in Iran , but there ’s some irregularities as well .
The figure was first reported by Iran to be 70 % ( ref ) until it was revised up to 85 % .
Both figures are historic highs as well , with voter turnout at the last round of voting in Iran in 2005 hitting only 48 % ( ref ) .
85 % is n’t impossible , but could the additional 15 % above 70 % have been added to cover up even more widespread voting fraud ?
If the actual turnout was 70 % , the figures shift around , and presuming all fraudulent votes went to Ahmadinejad , Mousavi comes out at around 4 million votes ahead , and that of course would be game over .
Other sites are claiming that the Iranian Government simply made the figures up ( and there ’s some decent arguments in favor of that theory ) , but what if they did n’t just make the numbers up , but tried to cover themselves by stuffing the ballot box with physical votes for Ahmadinejad , after all , if you can show physcial votes , it ’s easier to defend against claims of fraud .
But what if they did n’t get it right , and over stuffed the ballot boxes , resulting in the 3 million votes they ’ve admitted to today ?
Given the situation in Iran , it ’s not impossible that this scenario may have taken place .
Update : a thought : we ’re taking turnout figures as being accurate , but we ca n’t back those up , and if the election was rigged , so to could have been the reported turnout figures .
We know turnout was high in Tehran due to the media coverage , but what if the real figure Iran wide was n’t even 70 % ?
What if it was something closer to 50 or 60 % ?
the bigger the gap between actual turnout and reported turnout becomes , the bigger the fraud .
It ’s not inconcievable that in at least some Iranian cities , actual turnout could even have been below 50 % .
Straight from the halls of odd concepts that we really do n't need , but are somehow much cooler than the real life alternatives they would replace comes the Laser ( apparently so much time went into the concept that there was n't much left for the name ) .
No , the bike laser is n't used to destroy vehicles that do n't pay any attention to your right to road and cut you off by centimeters .
The Laser is an interesting design that actually makes your bike look bigger and more visible to vehicles .
Designed by Leonardo Manavella , who recently brought us an interesting pee-purification design , the Laser fires an elliptical beam around your bike that makes it appear larger than life .
Your bike looks to be the size of a car so motor vehiclists are more likely to see and avoid you .
And if they do n't , the laser turns from green to red and horns within the system will start blaring until they move around you ... or freak out and swerve into the other lane and hit an oncoming bicyclist who does n't have the fortune of owning a Laser system of his own .
To make the design extra appealing to the green cyclists it will benefit most , it is self - powered ; a dynamo in the wheel recharges the battery as you ride .
In addition to these power components , the Laser contains the laser , a spherical laser adjustment , three horns , a plastic case and a distance sensor .
The adhesive tape used to attach the Laser to the bike is begging for an upgrade to a clamp , but other than that this design looks pretty interesting .
What do you think , would you rock a Laser on your bike ?
Tree Hugger via Ubergizmo
Yes , Ricky Martin .
Rickyrolling , as I have come to call totally punking people by linking to something , expecting to be Rickrolled and instead having saucy spanish hip thrusting put into their eyeballs .
Alllll over their eyeballs .
While She Bangs and the Cup of Life both have the right chorusy quality for a Rickyroll , we all know that it's that inital drum snare that makes you realise deep down in your heart of hearts that you 've just been Rickrolled .
So it 's with an official sounding decree , since I have coined the term " Rickyrolling " that I henceforce deem " Livin la vida loca " as the most appropriate song to start off the Rickyrollin ' trend .
Okay seriously though , this is the link .
Notice the annoying screechy car ?
The burst of trumpets ?
Perfect for catching unsuspecting prey off guard .
Anyway , as usual it 's getting late and I 've got things to do , and people to see .
Bizarre linkage : Will it Blend - live snake edition
Swiss Watch Found in 400 - Year Old Chinese Tomb
While some mysteries are occasionally solved , the majority tend to live on forever without the truth being revealed .
One in the latter category concerns the recent discovery of a century - old Swiss watch discovered in an ancient Chinese tomb that has been sealed for more than 400 years .
How did it get there ?
This is the question haunting the archaeologists who discovered the Swiss watch in an ancient tomb in Shangsi , southern China , they believed had not been opened since its occupant ’s funeral , which occurred during the Ming Dynasty ( 15 - 16th centuries ) .
The miniature watch , which is in the shape of a ring , is thought to be barely a century old .
The mysterious timepiece was encrusted in mud and rock and had stopped at 10:06 am .
On the back of the watch , the word , ‘ Swiss ’ is engraved .
Its presence raises more questions than answers … like :
Where did the watch come from ?
Could the watch / ring have been planted at the tomb , but if so , why and by whom ?
The known facts do not really help in this case .
The Ming Dynasty did have its own unique age of watch making , but that does not explain why the word , ‘ Swiss ’ on the back of the watch is engraved in English .
In Geneva , Switzerland , other languages were more common , namely French and German .
In 1541 in Geneva , there was a ban on flashy jewelry , so the idea of a watch / ring might make some sense , as a watch was considered practical and essential .
Still , there is no record anywhere of ring / watches being popular in Europe until after 1780 , which only deepens the mystery .
The archaeologists were filming a documentary with two journalists when they made the puzzling discovery .
The dig has been suspended and researchers are currently awaiting the arrival of some experts from Beijing to help them unravel this most unsettling mystery .
Anyone know what time it is ?
( Link 1 2 3 )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
In 2003 , Lynndie England — along with her boyfriend and at least a dozen other soldiers — posed for a series of photos documenting prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib .
Now , she 's a welfare mom who wants a second chance .
Advertisement
England , who served about half of a 3 year sentence for her relatively minor role in the Abu Ghraib scandal — she was only convicted of posing for the pictures of abuse committed by her boyfriend ( and the father of her child ) — returned to her hometown ( and her parents ' house ) after she was paroled .
It was n't an easy homecoming , according to a new story by the AP .
Former Army reservist Lynndie England has n't landed a job in numerous tries :
When one restaurant manager considered hiring her , other employees threatened to quit .
She does n't like to travel : Strangers point and whisper , " That 's her ! "
Her family received hate mail from all over the world because of the publicity surrounding the photographs and trial and , 5 years after the abuses were discovered , letters just keep coming .
This , despite the fact that England was n't actually accused ( or convicted ) of physical abuse of prisoners — and despite the fact that the Senate Armed Services Committee concluded that the abuses at Abu Ghraib were the direct result of Administration policies that " conveyed the message that physical pressures and degradation were appropriate treatment for detainees . "
Advertisement
What England does have is the son , Carter , with whom she was pregnant when she began serving her sentence — but even motherhood is difficult for her .
She worries about whether she 's a good mother to her 4 - year - old son Carter .
" Normal moms have jobs .
They get up , they take their kids to school , they go to work , they come home , they cook , they clean , they do all that , " she says .
" I 'm home all day . "
She says she submitted hundreds of resumes for all kinds of jobs , but no one would give her a chance .
She stopped trying months ago and depends on welfare and her parents to get by .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Lynndie England , however , is n't really alone in this .
An earlier article in the Guardian about her post - incarceration struggles points out that fast food places wo n't hire felons .
It 's true , too , that many landlords wo n't accept convicted felons as tenants .
Having spent a sum total of 18 months in prison ( and another 18 on parole ) , with a dishonorable discharge on her résumé — let alone with her now infamous face —
England may well be destined to spend a good chunk of her life relying on the state to support her .
According to the Department of Justice , in the U.S. , the overall recidivism rate — the rate of those released from prison who are re-arrested — is nearly two - thirds .
The recidivism rate for women offenders is lower — 52 percent — but that still means that more than half of all women who do time end up arrested again .
Women like England , who was only convicted and imprisoned once , the recidivism rate is 21 percent , which still means one out of every 5 women incarcerated is arrested again .
In no small part , the recidivism rate is a reflection of the doors this society closes for most people convicted of crimes — and anyone that thinks that the money one can ( or cannot ) afford to spend on a lawyer is often a factor in the kind of justice one receives is fooling themselves .
Those people convicted of crimes and sentenced to prison are by and large people without much ( if anything ) in the way of financial resources ; when they are released , they are then subject to what amounts to extra-judicial punishment in terms of employment and housing discrimination .
No one expects that prison does much , if anything , to rehabilitate its inhabitants so , when they 're released , they are treated as though prison has made them worse people .
Advertisement
Should Lynndie England really be prevented from answering the phone in an office or flipping burgers at McDonald's ?
And , maybe more importantly , is it in our benefit that she is prevented from doing so ?
The statistics on recidivism and anecdotal evidence of those that did their time yet can't reintegrate into society say no — but , day in and out , they 're told that there 's no place for them back in our world ... and then we wonder why we keep sending the same people to jail .
Abu Ghraib Scandal Haunts W.Va . Reservist [ Associated Press ]
' What Happens In War Happens ' [ The Guardian ]
Advertisement
Related : Criminal Offenders Statistics [ Bureau of Justice Statistics ]
Women Offenders [ Bureau of Justice Statistics ]
Borborygmus ( plural borborygmi ) ( from Greek β ορβο ρ υ γμος ) is the rumbling sound produced by the movement of gas through the intestines of animals .
The word borborygmus is an actual onomatopoeia for this rumbling .
The " rumble " or " growl " sometimes heard from the stomach is a normal part of digestion .
It originates in the stomach or upper part of the small intestine as muscles contract to move food and digestive juices down the gastrointestinal tract .
Although this muscle contraction happens whether or not food is present , rumbles are more common after the animal has gone several hours without eating .
This may be why a " growling " stomach is often associated with hunger .
Rumbles may also occur when there is incomplete digestion of food that can lead to excess gas in the intestine .
In humans this can be due to incomplete digestion of carbohydrate - containing foods including milk and other dairy products ( lactose intolerance or the use of α- glucosidase inhibitors by diabetics ) , gluten ( protein in wheat , barley , and rye ) ( celiac disease ) , fruits , vegetables , beans , legumes , and high - fiber whole grains .
In rare instances excessive abdominal noise may be a sign of digestive disease , especially when accompanied by abdominal bloating , abdominal pain , diarrhea or constipation .
Navigate campus easier .
Find nearby points of interest or go to our interactive campus map for more details about what ’s around you .
Red yeast rice : A substitute for patients who ca n’t tolerate statins ?
A new study suggests that red yeast rice , an over - the - counter dietary supplement sold at pharmacies and health - food stores , may provide a treatment alternative to patients who cannot tolerate therapeutic statin doses .
Red yeast rice is produced when yeast is grown on rice .
The rice is first soaked in water until the grains are fully saturated .
It has been used in China for more than a millennium as food and medicine .
According to experts , the centuries - old natural product reduces the amount of cholesterol that the liver makes , but in a much gentler level .
Some patients who need cholesterol - lowering treatments cannot take statins because of muscle pain , elevated liver enzymes , gastrointestinal symptoms and other sever side effects .
A new study published Tuesday in the Annals of Internal Medicine , found a significant cholesterol - lowering effect of a commercially available nonprescription red yeast rice product in a small group of such people .
In this study , 62 patients with dyslipidemia and a history of stopping statin therapy due to muscle pain were randomized to receive 1800 mg of red yeast rice twice daily for 24 weeks and half to placebo .
All of them were concurrently enrolled in a 12 - week therapeutic lifestyle - change program that included eating a Mediterranean - based diet , an exercise program , and relaxation techniques .
Those who received the red yeast rice supplement had significantly greater reductions in LDL cholesterol .
Although these and other results are promising , people with high cholesterol should n’t race to health - food stores just yet .
Dr. David Becker , a cardiologist in private practice at Chestnut Hill Cardiology in Pennsylvania , stressed the need for better regulation of the herbal supplement .
Getting By On Her Looks by Eti Bonn - Muller
Using crystal - clear 3 - D images from Meresamun 's historic scans , two forensic artists reconstruct the face of a 2,800 - year - old Egyptian priestess
She was more than just a pretty face .
The ancient Egyptian Meresamun , who lived around 800 B.C. , was a working girl , a priestess - musician who served Amun , the preeminent deity of Thebes .
Her mummified remains , sealed 2,800 years ago in a skintight coffin of cartonnage ( layers of linen and plaster ) , were examined by researchers at the University of Chicago 's Oriental Institute in September 2008 using the latest in CT scanning technology , a " 256 - slice " machine that produced startlingly vivid images .
For months , she has since been the immensely popular subject of the Oriental Institute Museum 's exhibition , The Life of Meresamun : A Temple Singer in Ancient Egypt .
Now , the headline - making CT images have helped two individuals -- each working separately with 3 - D STL ( stereolithography ) images of Meresamun 's skull produced from the scans , but using different techniques -- reconstruct Meresamun 's face .
Michael Brassell is a Baltimore - based forensic artist for NamUs ( pronounced " name us " ) , the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System established by the National Institute of Justice .
He created traditional hand - drawn pencil sketches ( digitally colored for an " artsy " effect ) , using the exact same methods he employs when helping the police track down a cold - case victim .
Josh Harker , a forensic artist who lives in Chicago and was originally trained as a sculptor , worked digitally , leveraging the latest software and imaging technology .
" I was delighted to have two very different techniques , " says Emily Teeter , an Egyptologist at the Oriental Institute Museum and curator of the Meresamun exhibition .
" How often do you look at a police sketch in the paper - - of some creep or some unfortunate missing person -- and say , ' Yeah , I wonder if they really looked like that ? '
But there is a lot of similarity between the two reconstructions . "
The main differences , she points out , are in the shapes of the chin and the nose .
" But they both have the same overbite , very much the same cheekbones , and the same shape of the eyes . "
Mike Vannier , the radiologist who examined Meresamun , agrees .
" These people are superbly skilled in this type of forensic work .
We were extremely lucky to have individuals of this quality working with the data sets . "
Vannier has also continued to study the data from the September scans .
In recent months , he has learned even more details about Meresamun since our March / April 2009 cover story ( " A Mummy 's Life " ) .
He 's extracted the dentition for detailed views of Meresamun 's jaws and teeth , which were severely ground down by the grit in Egyptian bread , and compared them with those from modern patients who grind their teeth , a condition known as bruxism .
He 's closely examined Meresamun 's feet -- toes , toenails , vessels , and tendons all intact -- and learned that her right big toe points more laterally than the others , a condition known today as halex valgus , one of the steps toward developing a bunion .
He believes it would have been caused by her walking patterns and foot ware .
He has even spent valuable time in the library , looking for publications that describe CT scans of other mummies , but is frustrated with the lack of comprehensive comparative references .
" If you do this type of research , you really want other people to examine your fundamental materials because they can add their own expertise and interpretations and insight , " he firmly believes .
" I just hope everybody gets on board and starts to share this type of information . "
When first approached about commissioning reconstructions , Teeter was not too keen on the idea .
" I wanted the exhibition to be about women and music and life in ancient Egypt - - and not a mummy show , " she says .
" But of course , the mummy stuff just took off . "
After being asked by numerous curious museum visitors what Meresamun may have looked like , she finally , reluctantly , caved .
" It 's almost like the criticism some people had of making the Harry Potter films , " she explains , " the whole idea of creativity and imagination ... When you make a film out of it , that 's what it becomes to everybody . "
But after seeing the results ?
" Now that I have them , I love them ! " she beams .
" I absolutely love them !
It 's like -- whoa !
Meresamun looks like Egyptians you see at Karnak today . "
Vannier was equally impressed .
" A person who 's been mummified looks very emaciated and really much less attractive than they would be before the mummification process , so I think reversing that was the striking thing , " he says .
Teeter was the advisor for the " cosmetic " features of both reconstructions .
She based the addition of bangs in the hairstyle , for instance , on a contemporary stele , also on view in the exhibition , that shows a woman making offerings to a god .
" I said , okay , bangs , thick , dark hair pushed behind the ears -- so you can see the ears -- but the length is really based on nothing .
Egyptian hair is normally longer than that .
This is a suggestion of the color and texture of very dark , thick Egyptian hair , which is typical .
The eye makeup is based on contemporary statues . "
But there are no similarities between her actual face and the one painted on her cartonnage .
" These cartonnage cases are formed over mud and straw cores and coffins are never -- until a much , much later period -- there 's never an attempt to get the coffins to look like a person .
They 're just like icons of that person . "
Ancient Egyptian records talk about the ideal sense of womanly beauty .
" A lot of the descriptions are about breasts and hips and coal - black hair , " says Teeter .
" But they do talk about sweet lips for kissing -- and Meresamun 's got very sweet lips ! "
See interviews with Michael Brassell and Josh Harker .
Eti Bonn -Muller is managing editor at ARCHAEOLOGY .
There 's only one bighornmountainestates.com domain .
Once purchased , it may never become available again .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korean leader Kim Jong-il has signaled the anointment of his youngest son as heir to the ruling family dynasty , South Korean media said on Tuesday as the rival Koreas built up their forces along a disputed sea border .
North Korea , whose military posturing after last week ’s nuclear test prompted U.S. and South Korean forces to raise the alert level , is readying mid-range missiles for test launches , the South ’s Yonhap news agency reported a lawmaker as saying after a defense briefing .
But in Washington , a senior U.S. official said North Korea would probably ease tensions now that the succession issue appeared to have been settled and said Pyongyang would likely return to six - party talks .
The news of possible new missile tests unsettled financial markets in Seoul , adding to worries over reports the impoverished state was preparing to test fire a long - range missile that could fly as far as U.S. territory .
The main Seoul index closed slightly down .
Analysts believe that Kim Jong - il , whose power base stems from his support for the military , may be using the growing tension to give him greater leverage over power elites at home to nominate his own successor .
It has raised alarm in the region over how far Kim , 67 and thought to have suffered a stroke last year , may be prepared to take his latest military grandstanding .
North Korea has asked the country ’s main bodies and its overseas missions to pledge loyalty to Kim ’s youngest son Kim Jong - un , various South Korean media outlets quoted informed sources as saying .
“ I was notified by the South Korean government of such moves and the loyalty pledges , ” Park Jie-won , a member of the opposition Democratic Party , said in a statement .
He declined to name his source but Yonhap said Park was among a group of lawmakers briefed on Monday night by the country ’s spy agency about the succession plans .
Kim Jong - un , born either in 1983 or early 1984 , was educated in Switzerland and intelligence sources have said he appears to be the most capable of Kim ’s three known sons .
Even by North Korea ’s opaque standards , very little is known about the son , whose youth is a potential problem in a society that adheres closely to the importance of seniority .
“ There is a significant link between North Korea ’s recent military provocations and succession issues , ” said Lee Dong - bok , an expert on the North ’s negotiating tactics .
STOCKPILED AMMUNITION
North Korea , which has hundreds of mid-range missiles that can hit all of South Korea and most of Japan , is readying at least three or four missiles for firing , Yonhap quoted the lawmaker as saying after a briefing with defense officials .
The missiles could include the Rodong , which has been deployed since the 1990s , and a new intermediate range missile that can fly 1,900 miles , the report said .
The missiles take little time to prepare , while it takes weeks to ready its longest - range rockets .
South Korea ’s Chosun Ilbo newspaper quoted a military source as saying the North had stepped up military training , stockpiled ammunition and imposed a no -sail order off its west coast waters to prepare for a possible fight with the South .
North Korean leader Kim Jong - il shows his ballot during the 12th Supreme People 's Assembly in Pyongyang , April 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS /KRT via Reuters TV
In Seoul , the navy said it was deploying a guided - missile naval vessel to the same area in the Yellow Sea , close to the disputed border that has seen two deadly clashes between the rival states in the past 10 years .
The navy rarely announces such moves and it underscores the hard line being taken toward its communist neighbor by conservative South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , who earlier in the day won support at a meeting he hosted of Southeast Asian leaders who jointly condemned last week ’s nuclear test .
Many analysts say the North may opt for a skirmish on the sea border as the next step as it ratchets up tension but few believe it would dare put its million - strong but poorly equipped army into direct battle with the U.S. - backed South Korean military .
The senior U.S. official said North Korea , which wants to kill off six-nation talks on its nuclear ambitions in favor of bilateral negotiations with the United States , was under pressure from allies China and Russia .
The six - party negotiations also include Japan and South Korea .
“ Even Russia and China , which in the past have been extremely reluctant to apply pressure to North Korea , now recognize that the North Koreans have gone too far , ” said the official , speaking on condition of anonymity .
At the United Nations , French Ambassador Jean - Maurice Ripert said he hoped the Security Council would be able to agree to a sanctions resolution on North Korea before the end of the week .
The foreign ministers of Russia and China , whose countries are both permanent members of the council , expressed their support for a “ convincing response ” to North Korea by the U.N. Security Council , the Russian foreign ministry said .
GUARDED SECRETS
The succession has been one of the most closely guarded secrets in the highly secretive North .
Yonhap quoted an informed source as saying the request for an oath of loyalty by North Korean officials to the youngest son came shortly after the nuclear test on May 25 , which was hailed by the North ’s propaganda as a crowning achievement in Kim Jong - il ’s “ military first ” rule .
In April , Kim Jong - il put to rest any doubt about whom he sees as his second in command when he elevated his brother - in - law Jang Song - taek to a powerful military post , analysts said .
Analysts said they see the energetic and urbane Jang , 63 , as the real power broker after Kim who will groom the successor .
Jang , who once fell out of Kim ’s favor , has in recent year ’s been Kim ’s right hand man , they said .
By Simon Butler
June 1 , 2009 -- Climate change is the greatest challenge humanity has ever faced .
The scientific evidence of the scale of the threat is overwhelming , compelling and frightening .
Climate tipping points -- points which if crossed will lead to runaway global warming -- are being crossed now .
We live in a time of consequences .
So it ’s crucial that the climate justice movement -- made up of those determined to take a stand now to win a safe climate future -- campaigns for the changes that can actually make a difference .
A discussion has surfaced about whether population - control measures should be a key plank in the climate action movement ’s campaign arsenal .
Below are 10 reasons why such a decision would hinder , rather than help , the necessary task of building a movement that can win .
1. Population does not cause climate change
Advocates of population control say that one of the most effective measures we can take to combat climate change is to sharply reduce the number of humans on the planet .
This wrongly focuses on treating one symptom of an irrational , polluting system rather than dealing with the root causes .
People are not pollution .
Blaming too many people for driving climate change is like blaming too many trees for causing bushfires .
The real cause of climate change is an economy locked into burning fossil fuels for energy and unsustainable agriculture .
Unless we transform the economy and our society along sustainable lines as rapidly as possible , we have no hope of securing an inhabitable planet , regardless of population levels .
Population - based arguments fail to admit that population levels will impact on the environment in a very different way in a zero carbon emissions economy .
Making the shift to renewable energy -- not reduction in human population -- is the most urgent task we face .
2 . The world is not ‘ full up ’
The world is not experiencing runaway population growth .
While population is growing , the rate of this growth is in fact slowing down .
This is mostly due to rising urbanisation and marginal improvements in women ’s access to birth control technology .
The rate of population growth peaked at 2 % annually in the 1960s , and has fallen consistently since then .
According to the United Nations the average number of children born per woman fell from 4.9 in the late 1960s to 2.7 in 1999 .
A December 2008 assessment from the US Census Bureau predicts a steady decline to 0.5 % annual population growth by 2050 .
Between 1950 and 2000 world population increased by 140 % .
Experts predict a rise of 50 % between 2000 and 2050 and just 11 % in the 50 years following that .
In contrast , the rate of greenhouse gas emissions is rising out of control .
Polluting technology , rampant consumerism and corporate greed are driving this increase -- not population .
Can we feed this many people ?
Studies by the UN ’s Food and Agriculture Organisation insist it is possible to feed well over 10 billion people sustainably -- but only if we move to a very different food system .
A diversified and organic farming system which produces a balanced mix of plant foods , along with small amounts of meat , could , according to British biologist Colin Tudge , sustain 10 billion people without farming any new areas .
A shift to sustainable farming is also desperately needed to cut greenhouse gas emissions .
3. Social justice and women ’s equality is the best contraception
Larger population growth rates in the Third World are a consequence of dire poverty and restrictions on women ’s ability to control their own fertility .
The evidence for this ca n’t be challenged .
The latest UN population report released on March 12 , 2009 , predicts population will exceed 9 billion people by mid-century .
Almost all of this growth will occur in the global South .
The 49 poorest countries in the world will have by far the biggest increases .
In the richest countries , however , population will decline from 1.23 billion to 1.15 billion if projected net migration is left aside .
( It will increase to only 1.28 billion including net migration . )
Raising living standards globally , eradicating hunger and poverty , improving health care , providing access to education and achieving greater equality for women are all necessary if we are to win a safe climate with global justice .
They will also result in lower birth rates .
4 . The climate emergency demands immediate , transformative action now
Even if they could work in the long term -- a dubious proposition – population - control schemes are plainly inadequate as a response to the climate emergency .
The well - known Australian environmental writer Tim Flannery is also one of the patrons of Sustainable Population Australia -- a group that argues population reduction should be the number one priority to avert climate change .
Yet in a recent survey of the latest climate science in Quarterly Essay even Flannery had to conclude : “ The truth is that if we wish to act morally , we can influence population numbers only slowly .
So , while it ’s important to focus on population decrease as a long - term solution , we can not look to it for answers to the immediate crisis . ”
5. Population arguments wrongly downplay the potential to win
Left unchecked , climate change threatens life on the planet .
Recognition of this fact is the major impetus for the movement demanding that governments take serious action on climate change without delay .
Populationists , however , try to turn this fact on its head .
Climate change will lead to a world so harsh , uncertain and polluted , the argument goes , that it ’s more “ humane ” to prevent future generations from being born at all .
This “ humane ” population reduction argument is couched in terms of containing , or mitigating , the apparently inevitable effects of environmental destruction .
Instead , the struggle for an alternative model of development , based on meeting the needs of people and planet , should be our main concern .
6. Population control is an old argument tacked onto a new issue
Climate change is just the latest in a long list of issues that has been seized on by advocates of population control .
For centuries , simplistic population theories have been advanced to explain the existence of poverty , hunger , famine , disease , war , racism and unemployment .
In each case , the real social and economic causes of these social ills have been glossed over .
Time is running out to avert global warming -- we need to take serious action that tackles the problem at the root .
7. Arguing for tighter migration restrictions is a dangerous policy
Reducing immigration intake into Australia is the current policy on the anti-environmental Labor government .
As the climate crisis deepens , we can expect the government and the big polluters will want to divert attention from their own inaction .
Migrants could be a convenient scapegoat .
Migrants are already being falsely blamed for adding to unemployment .
We ca n’t allow them to be blamed for corporate Australia ’s addiction to fossil fuels .
Supporting cuts in migration avoids the real burning issue -- Australia is the highest emitter of greenhouse gases per capita in the world .
Migrants who come here should be welcomed and invited into our movement for a safe climate .
They are not responsible for the policies of past governments or the greed of the big polluters .
8. Population control has a disturbing history
In practice , there has never been a population - control scheme that has had acceptable environmental or humanitarian outcomes .
Columbia University professor Matthew Connelly has thoroughly documented this disturbing history in his 2008 book , Fatal Misconception .
China ’s one - child policy has been hailed as an environmental measure by prominent population theorists such as Britain ’s Jonathan Poritt .
But he and others ignore that China ’s population control has hardly solved that country ’s growing environmental problems .
The human costs of the policy , however , are shocking .
Until 2002
Chinese women were denied any choice of contraceptive method -- 37 % of married women have been forcibly sterilised .
Female infanticide has reached epidemic proportions .
The global ratio for male to female births is 106:100 .
In China today , male “ births ” outnumber females by 120:100 .
9 . People in the global South are part of the solution , not the problem
At its worst , population - control schemes put the blame for climate change on the poorest people in the global South -- those least responsible for the problem in the first place .
It ’s a major mistake to see the masses of the global South as passive victims of climate change .
In truth , they are the pivotal agent in the campaign to avert global warming .
We need a strategy of building stronger links and collaboration with movements for climate justice in the global South -- not draw up plans to reduce their numbers .
10 .
Who holds political power is the real `population ’ issue
There is one part of the world ’s population that poses a genuine threat : the small group of powerful , vested interests who profit most from polluting the biosphere and are desperately resisting change .
The real “ population change ” we need to focus on is not artificially reducing human numbers .
Rather , it is about winning real democratic change , i.e. dramatically increasing the numbers of ordinary people who can participate in making decisions about investment in green industries , agriculture , global trade and military spending .
Population control narrowly looks only at the quantity of human beings to find a solution to climate change .
Ultimately , its narrow vision makes it a divisive policy .
The climate action movement , however , is really concerned with improving the quality of human life .
On that basis we can build a movement of hope and solidarity strong enough to penetrate national borders and restore a safe climate for future generations .
Hiphop group Advance Patrol was used by the music industry in the Pirate Bay trial , portrayed as artists suffering losses from illegal downloading .
However , the group itself was never consulted , and they are now striking back at the music industry by releasing their new album for free - on The Pirate Bay , of course .
During the Pirate Bay trial , the prosecution showed how various torrents linking to infringing material could be downloaded from the Pirate Bay , including an album by the Sweden - based hiphop group Advance Patrol .
The music industry lawyers then claimed that the Pirate Bay was aiding in copyright infringement and that the artists and labels were losing millions of dollars .
Interestingly , the bands and artists , including Advance Patrol , were never informed that they were to feature in the trial .
Even worse , Advance Patrol feels that they were abused by the labels , as they are using BitTorrent themselves , and encourage their fans to do the same .
“ We never asked to be plaintiffs in this case , ” Gonza from Advance Patrol explains .
“ They used us as scapegoats in a fight in which we do n’t wish to participate .
We refuse to be used in a war against our fans . ”
Gonza further explains that the people who download and share the band ’s music are some of their most dedicated fans , not some criminals .
To show how wrong the music industry was in targeting The Pirate Bay , they have decided to share their latest album “ El Futuro ” for free .
The Pirate Bay crew is delighted with Advance Patrol ’s statement .
“ In the case against us the music industry used many artists without asking them first .
The cooperation between us and Advance Patrol shows that not all of those who were plaintiffs wanted to be a part of the Spectrial circus . ”
“ Earlier we ’ve seen the hip hop artist Max Peezay drop out of the trial proceedings , and when we ’ve spoken to other artists they were upset as well .
This shows that artists really like the internet , and of course – we love them right back , ” we were told .
More and more artists are speaking out against the harsh anti-piracy efforts of the music industry lobby and the alienating effect it has on fans .
Several top artists including Robbie Williams , Radiohead , Iron Maiden and Travis even founded their own lobby group , the Featured Artists Coalition – to stand up for their own rights and those of their fans .
Advance Patrol ’s latest album can be downloaded via The Pirate Bay , and they encourage everyone to share it with as many people as possible .
KABUL , Afghanistan ( CNN ) -- Taliban gunmen executed a young couple for trying to elope in rural Afghanistan , a local police chief told CNN Tuesday .
The woman was forced by her parents to become engaged to a man she did not like , said Police Chief Gabar Furdali , and decided to leave home with another man .
Local Taliban commanders found out and set out to punish them , said the police officer in the village of Man De Khe in the Kash Rud district of Nimruz province , a remote southwestern province that borders on Iran and Pakistan .
The Taliban gathered residents of Kash Rud to watch the execution of the two .
The man , Abdul Aziz , and the woman , who was not named , were shot to death , the police officer said .
He did not say when the killings took place .
NATO troops who patrol the country have " limited presence in that particular area , " a spokesman told CNN .
The killings were not " within our area of responsibility , but we are aware of the reports " said the spokesman for the NATO mission who declined to be named , in line with policy .
There is a tradition of " honor killings " in the region that long predates the Taliban , said Barnett Rubin , an Afghanistan expert at New York University .
Journalist Tawab Qurayshi contributed to this report
All About Afghanistan • The Taliban • NATO
I can mount any squirrel in just about any position or style you would like , just let me know what you may be interested in .
I purchase vintage items such as clothing , weapons , hats , instruments , and just about anything you would like to have mounted
" >CONTACT RNADEAU3@SBCGLOBAL.NET
How Do I Fix My Credit - A Simple Method to Fix Your Own Credit Scores
Category Rss Feed - http://www.realestateproarticles.com/rss.php?rss=284
By : Darin Sewell
Warning : include ( ) : http:// wrapper is disabled in the server configuration by allow_url_include=0 in /home / onlineb1/public_html/realestateproarticles/func/art_pop.inc.php on line 68
Warning : include ( http://www.realestateproarticles.com/catads/nas250x250cat284.php): failed to open stream : no suitable wrapper could be found in /home / onlineb1/ public_html/realestateproarticles/func/art_pop.inc.php on line 68
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening ' http://www.realestateproarticles.com/catads/nas250x250cat284.php' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/local/php56/pear' ) in /home / onlineb1/public_html/realestateproarticles/func/art_pop.inc.php on line 68
The article has moved to a new location .
CLICK HERE to read the article on its new location
Warning : include ( ) : http:// wrapper is disabled in the server configuration by allow_url_include=0 in /home / onlineb1/public_html/realestateproarticles/articledetail.php on line 105
Warning : include ( http://www.realestateproarticles.com/catads/nas468x60cat284.php): failed to open stream : no suitable wrapper could be found in /home / onlineb1/ public_html/realestateproarticles/articledetail.php on line 105
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening ' http://www.realestateproarticles.com/catads/nas468x60cat284.php' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/local/php56/pear' ) in /home / onlineb1/public_html/realestateproarticles/articledetail.php on line 105
Four years ago , when the Los Angeles City Council started to wrestle with how to control medical marijuana , there were just four known storefront dispensaries , one each in Hancock Park , Van Nuys , Rancho Park and Cheviot Hills .
Now , police say there are as many as 600 .
There may be more .
No one really knows .
That exponential rise came despite a moratorium passed in 2007 that was supposed to prohibit new dispensaries from opening .
An exception was made for 186 that were already in business and registered with the city .
“ The city of L.A. has failed us on this issue , ” said Michael Larsen , public safety director with the Eagle Rock Neighborhood Council .
“ There ’s a huge loophole .
L.A. city ’s not watching .
L.A. city ’s not enforcing . ”
Advertisement
No other city in California has seen such uncontrolled growth in dispensaries .
As signs featuring the easily recognized saw - toothed cannabis leaf multiplied on commercial strips , neighborhood activists like Larsen began to ask their council members why the city was not shutting down dispensaries that opened after the moratorium .
Larsen was shocked at the answer .
“ Nothing controls these , ” he said .
The moratorium includes a standard provision that allows dispensaries to appeal to the City Council for a hardship exemption to be allowed to operate .
Some time last year , medical marijuana entrepreneurs discovered that the city attorney ’s office was not prosecuting dispensaries that had filed hardship applications , saying the City Council needed to rule on them first .
The council has not acted on any of the applications .
So far , 508 dispensaries have applied for exemptions .
Advertisement
It was months before anyone at City Hall realized what was happening .
Dispensaries have spread across the city .
In some places , they are clustered two or three to a block , sometimes near schools , libraries and parks .
When the council passed the moratorium , it did not include LAPD Chief William J. Bratton ’s recommendation to keep dispensaries at least 1,000 feet from places that children frequent .
Alarmed , the City Council ’s planning committee Tuesday took a step to close the loophole by sending a motion to the council that would strike the hardship exemption from the moratorium .
The committee ’s chairman , Ed Reyes , said he had not brought up any hardship applications for review because he expected them to become moot once the city passes a medical marijuana ordinance .
Advertisement
The City Council approved the moratorium to give itself time to write a comprehensive ordinance regulating dispensaries .
But the committee has been laboring over a draft for more than a year .
Reyes said he became aware that the pending exemption applications were creating a loophole about three months ago .
“ I do n’t think anyone could have predicted how that clause was going to be used , ” he said .
“ We ’ve got abusive folks who are just gaming the system . ”
Councilman Jose Huizar proposed the motion April 28 to end what he called a “ perverse exploitation , ” responding to complaints from constituents in Eagle Rock , which may have as many as a dozen dispensaries .
Advertisement
“ I was pretty infuriated when I found how many have gone up and without consideration for the local community , ” he said .
“ I do think there are a few culprits right now who are just screwing it up for the legitimate dispensaries . ”
Huizar ’s proposal would allow the city attorney to pursue legal action to close any dispensaries that open after it becomes law , but it would leave untouched the hundreds that have already slipped through .
In the month after Huizar introduced his motion , 183 dispensaries filed for exemptions .
Those dispensaries have carte blanche to operate until the council acts on their applications or an ordinance is in place , as would any other dispensaries that file before Huizar ’s motion takes effect .
Advertisement
Roughly half a dozen applications are filed with the city clerk every day .
The council will take up the motion Tuesday , but it could take two more weeks to become law .
Reyes said Tuesday he intends to whittle away at the hardship exemption applications , holding hearings in the council on a dozen at a time .
If the council denies an application , the city attorney could then begin legal proceedings to force the dispensary to close .
“ I ’m willing to sit there as many hours as I need to because it ’s ridiculous that it ’s happening , ” he said .
Advertisement
When residents complain to the city about a new dispensary , city inspectors check it out .
The Department of Building and Safety has received about 200 complaints .
It has issued about 80 orders to comply with the moratorium .
Those cases remain active .
“ Technically , they are not open legally , ” said Frank Bush , assistant chief for the code enforcement bureau , but he noted , “ Before we can take any further enforcement action , the City Council has to review them and take any action . ”
Initially , most hardship applications were filed by dispensaries that had tried to register by the deadline but failed to meet the requirements , which included a city business tax registration certificate and liability insurance coverage .
Advertisement
About a year after the moratorium took effect , a new type of applicant started to appear : new storefront dispensaries .
They argued for exemptions on the grounds of providing a needed community service .
In a September 2008 application , a representative of a dispensary on Laurel Canyon Boulevard in the San Fernando Valley wrote in a two - page , handwritten plea : “ I believe we have done everything possible to see every patient walk out with nothing less than a smile .
We show love to all , respect towards everyone and compassion with understanding to our patients and our community . ”
It ended with the salutation , “ With Love and Respect . ”
Most dispensaries adopted a more dispassionate approach , merely noting that they “ had just become aware of the need to register ” and asking that the council approve the application .
It was not long before collectives that wanted to open storefront dispensaries realized that , if they filled out a three - page form , city officials would then be powerless to close them down .
Word spread .
Advertisement
In December , Stewart Richlin , a lawyer who said he represents more than 100 collectives , came up with a new rationale for a hardship exemption that he filed for a downtown dispensary .
He wrote that the collective had been forced to operate without city approval because the moratorium “ required that managing members of the collective literally confess a federal crime in order to register . ”
He argued that the federal government ’s raids had created “ a pattern of terror and fear . ”
Then he noted that a recent court decision and the state ’s attorney general ’s guidelines on how to distribute medical marijuana legally promised a “ new era . ”
“ The people who filed originally were braver , ” he said , “ but the people who are filing now are more careful , law - abiding and conservative patients who waited to get more of a signal . ”
Richlin ’s approach caught on .
Many dispensaries simply cut and pasted Richlin ’s explanation onto their forms .
Advertisement
The lawyer , who said he was flattered by the unauthorized appropriation , believes the city has no public interest or real need to control the number of dispensaries .
“ There is a thing called supply and demand , and we are n’t in need of paternalistic government , ” he said .
Richlin also noted that removing the exemption from the moratorium would give it teeth , but just for a few months .
The one - year moratorium , extended twice for six - month periods , expires in September .
“ They ’re trying to close the barn door after 500 , 600 centers have relied on the old rules , ” he said .
Advertisement
--
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
Last fall , the senior Senator from Alaska was the poster octogenarian for political corruption .
As of yesterday , Ted Stevens is merely another casualty of abusive prosecutors out to make a name for themselves .
The Justice Department yesterday moved to set aside an October conviction on ethics charges and forgo any future trials for Senator Stevens .
He walks free , in other words , an innocent man .
In the motion , Justice said it " recently discovered " that prosecutors withheld from the defense notes about an interview last April ...
Influenza A( H1N1 ) - update 7
1 May 2009 - The situation continues to evolve rapidly .
As of 06:00 GMT , 1 May 2009 , 11 countries have officially reported 331 cases of influenza A( H1N1 ) infection .
The United States Government has reported 109 laboratory confirmed human cases , including one death .
Mexico has reported 156 confirmed human cases of infection , including nine deaths .
The following countries have reported laboratory confirmed cases with no deaths - Austria ( 1 ) , Canada ( 34 ) , Germany ( 3 ) , Israel ( 2 ) , Netherlands ( 1 ) , New Zealand ( 3 ) , Spain ( 13 ) , Switzerland ( 1 ) and the United Kingdom ( 8 ) .
Further information on the situation will be available on the WHO website on a regular basis .
WHO advises no restriction of regular travel or closure of borders .
It is considered prudent for people who are ill to delay international travel and for people developing symptoms following international travel to seek medical attention , in line with guidance from national authorities .
There is also no risk of infection from this virus from consumption of well - cooked pork and pork products .
Individuals are advised to wash hands thoroughly with soap and water on a regular basis and should seek medical attention if they develop any symptoms of influenza - like illness .
Related links
Ph.D. and M.Sc. School in Computer Science - Types at Work
In this two week summer course advanced Masters students and beginning Ph.D. students get a quick introduction to types for programming language and techniques that can be used to infer them .
The course continues with a number of interesting applications of types in the area of memory management , communication and security .
The course finishes with a small project where the students develop their own type system for a given task .
The first day : DTU Informatics building 322 , room 033 , @ 0900 AM
Contents
Types and type inference techniques
Types for physical dimensions
Types for security
Types for memory management
Types for communication
Responsible
The course will be given by :
The course is organized by DTU Informatics ( IMM ) and the Department of Computer Science ( DIKU ) at the University of Copenhagen ( KU ) in collaboration with the ITMAN graduate school , the FIRST graduate school and MT - LAB , a VKR Centre of Excellence .
Tags
[ This article is excerpted from Memoirs by Ludwig von Mises . ]
" In Austria , one did not feel it was his national duty to ' overcome ' the ideas of Western Europe . "
When I first came to the university , Carl Menger was nearing the end of his teaching career .
There was little attention paid the Austrian School of economics at the university , and I had no interest in it at the time .
Around Christmas , 1903 , I read Menger 's Grundsätze der Volkswirtschaftslehre for the first time .
It was through this book that I became an economist .
Many years passed before I encountered Carl Menger in person .
When I met him he was already over seventy years old , hard of hearing , and plagued by an eye disorder .
His mind , however , was young and vigorous .
I have asked myself again and again why this man did not make better use of his last decades .
That he could still do brilliant work was evidenced by his essay , " Geld , " which he contributed to the Handwörterbuch der Staatswissenschaften .
I believe I know the cause of Menger 's discouragement and premature silence .
His keen intellect had recognized in which direction Austria , Europe , and the world were pointed ; he saw this greatest and highest of all civilizations rushing toward the abyss .
He had anticipated the atrocities with which we are faced today ; he knew the consequences of the world 's turning away from liberalism and capitalism , and had done what he could to battle these trends .
His book , Untersuchungen über die Methode der Sozialwissenschaften , was intended as a polemic effort to counter the destructive intellectual currents with which Prussian universities were poisoning the world .
He realized that his fight was futile and hopeless , and became filled with a dark pessimism that exhausted his strength .
He passed this pessimism on to his student and friend , Rudolf , successor to the throne .
The crown prince took his own life because of despair over the future of his empire and that of European civilization , not because of a woman .
The young girl had had a death wish of her own and he took her into death with him ; he did not commit suicide on her account .
My grandfather had a brother who died many years before I was born .
This brother , Dr. Joachim Landau , was a liberal member of the Austrian parliament and a close friend of his party colleague , Dr. Max Menger , brother of Carl Menger .
One day he told my grandfather about a conversation he had had with Carl Menger .
According to my grandfather , as told to me around 1910 , Carl Menger had made the following remarks :
The policies being pursued by the European powers will lead to a terrible war ending with gruesome revolutions , the extinction of European culture and destruction of prosperity for people of all nations .
In anticipation of these inevitable events , all that can be recommended are investments in gold hoards and the securities of the two Scandinavian countries .
Menger 's savings , in fact , were invested in Swedish securities .
One who so clearly foresees disaster and the destruction of everything he deems valuable before his fortieth year cannot avoid pessimism and depression .
Ancient rhetoricians were careful to consider the kind of life King Priam would have had , had he at the age of twenty already foreseen the fall of Ilium !
Carl Menger barely had the first half of his life behind him when he recognized the inevitability of the demise of his own Troy .
This same pessimism consumed all sharp - sighted Austrians .
The tragic privilege attached to being Austrian was the opportunity it afforded to recognize fate .
Grillparzer 's melancholy and peevishness arose from this source .
The feeling of being powerless in the face of impending disaster drove the purist and most able of patriots , Adolf Fischof , into isolation .
It is understandable that I discussed Knapp 's Staatliche Theorie des Geldes with Menger frequently .
" It is , " said Menger ,
the logical development of Prussian police science .
What should one make of a nation whose elite , after two hundred years of economics , admire such nonsense and perceive it as an epiphany , when in fact it is n't even new ?
What can one expect of such a people ?
Menger 's successor at the University of Vienna was Friedrich von Wieser .
Wieser was an honest scholar , and a man of high personal cultivation and refined intellect .
He had the good fortune of becoming acquainted with Menger 's work earlier than others , and it is to his credit that he recognized its significance .
He added to the discipline in certain respects , but he was not an original thinker , and probably did more harm than good overall .
He never really grasped the core of subjectivism , a limitation that caused him to make many unfortunate mistakes .
His imputation theory is untenable .
His ideas on value calculation support the claim that he cannot be called a member of the Austrian School .
He had more in common with those of the Lausanne School , two brilliant representatives of which were found in Austria in Rudolph Auspitz and Richard Lieben .
What distinguishes the Austrian School and will lend it everlasting fame is its doctrine of economic action , in contrast to one of economic equilibrium or nonaction .
The Austrian School makes use of the ideas of rest and equilibrium , without which economic thought cannot get along .
But it is always aware of the purely instrumental nature of these ideas .
The Austrian School aims to account for prices actually paid in the market , and not just prices that might be paid under certain never - realizable conditions .
It rejects the mathematical method , not because of ignorance or an aversion to mathematical accuracy , but because it does not place importance upon the detailed description of the condition of a hypothetical and static equilibrium .
The Austrian School has never succumbed to the fatal illusion that values can be measured , and has never misunderstood that statistical data has nothing to do with economic theory , but belongs to the history of economics alone .
" What distinguishes the Austrian School and will lend it everlasting fame is its doctrine of economic action , in contrast to one of economic equilibrium or nonaction . "
Because Austrian economics is a discipline that concerns human action , even Schumpeter cannot be counted among the school 's ranks .
In his first books , Schumpeter aligns himself with Wieser and Walras but not with Menger and Böhm - Bawerk .
To him , economics is a discipline of " economic quantities " and not one of human action .
His Theory of Economic Development is a typical product of this equilibrium theory .
It is necessary to correct the misunderstandings that can be called forth by using the expression " Austrian School . "
Neither Menger nor Böhm - Bawerk wanted to found a school in the sense customarily used in university circles .
They never attempted to turn young students into blind disciples , nor did they , in turn , provide these same students with professorships .
They knew that through books and an academic course of instruction they could promote an understanding suited to dealing with economic problems , thus rendering an important service to society .
They understood , however , that they could not rear economists .
As pioneers and creative thinkers , they recognized that one cannot arrange for scientific progress , nor breed innovation according to plan .
They never attempted to propagandize their theories .
Truth would prevail of its own accord when man possessed the faculties necessary to perceive it .
Using impertinent means to cause people to pay lip service to a teaching was of no use if they lacked the ability to grasp its substance and significance .
Menger made no efforts to extend favors to colleagues that would be reciprocated with recommendations for appointments .
As minister and then ex-minister of finance , Böhm - Bawerk could have used his influence ; he always spurned such behavior .
Menger did make occasional attempts , without success , to prevent the promotion of those , for example , Zweideneck , who had no sense of what was going on in economics .
Böhm - Bawerk made no such attempts .
In fact , he advanced rather than hindered the appointments of Professors Gottl and Spann at the Brünner Technische Hochschule .
Menger 's position on such questions is best illustrated by a note discovered by Hayek while perusing Menger 's scientific papers .
It reads , " In science , there is only one sure method for the ultimate triumph of an idea : one should allow any contrary notion to run its course completely . "
Schmoller , Bücher , and Lujo Brentano thought differently .
They denied the opportunity to teach at German universities to those who did not follow them blindly .
Faculty positions at Austrian universities thus fell into the hands of the heirs of German historicism .
Alfred Weber and Spiethoff , were , in turn , vested with a position at the University of Prague .
A certain Professor Günther became professor of economics at Innsbruck .
I mention all of this only to cast the claim of Franz Oppenheimer in proper light , namely , that the school of marginal utility monopolized the teaching of economic theory .
Schumpeter was full professor in Bonn for many years .
This was the only case in which a German university had appointed a teacher who belonged to the field of modern economics .
Among the many hundreds of men who taught economics at German universities between 1870 and 1934 , not one could be found who was acquainted with the works of the Austrian , Lausanne , or modern Anglo - Saxon schools .
A Privatdozent would never be promoted to the faculty were he suspected of belonging to one of these schools .
Knies and Dietzel were the last economists on German faculties .
In the German Empire they did not teach economics , but Marxism or Nazism .
The same was true in Czarist Russia , where " legal " Marxism or economic history was taught in place of economics .
The fact that professors and lecturers in Austria were allowed to teach economics was incompatible with the totalitarian claim of German " economic state sciences . "
" The Austrian School aims to account for prices actually paid in the market , and not just prices that might be paid under certain never - realizable conditions . "
The Austrian School of economics was Austrian in the sense that it emerged from the soil of an Austrian culture that National Socialism would trample down .
In this soil , Franz Brentano 's philosophy could take root .
In this soil , Bolzano 's epistemology , Mach 's empiricism , Husserl 's phenomenology , and Breuer 's and Freud 's psychoanalysis reached maturity .
The air in Austria was free of the specter of Hegelian dialectics .
In Austria , one did not feel it was his national duty to " overcome " the ideas of Western Europe .
In Austria , eudaemonism , hedonism , and utilitarianism were not precluded , but studied .
It would be a mistake to assume that the Austrian government promoted all of these great movements .
On the contrary , it withdrew the teaching assignments of Bolzano and Brentano ; it isolated Mach , and did not bother at all with Husserl , Breuer , and Freud .
It valued the competent official in Böhm - Bawerk , not the economist .
Böhm was a professor in Innsbruck .
He grew weary of this position ; the intellectual desert of this university , the city , and the province of Tirol became unbearable for him .
He preferred employment in Vienna 's ministry of finance .
He was offered a gainful pension when he finally retired from government service , but this he rejected and requested a professorship at the University of Vienna .
The opening of Böhm - Bawerk 's seminar was a great day in the history of the University of Vienna and in the development of economics .
Böhm chose the fundamentals of the theory of value as the theme of the first semester ; Otto Bauer sought to pick apart the subjectivism of value theory from a Marxist point of view .
The discussion between Bauer and Böhm filled the entire winter semester while other participants remained in the background .
Bauer 's brilliant gift was on display ; he proved himself to be a worthy opponent of the great master , whose critique of Marxian economics had dealt it a fatal blow .
I believe that in the end even Bauer himself had to admit to the unsustainability of the Marxian labor theory of value .
He abandoned his intention to write a reply to Böhm 's critique of Marx .
The first volume in this series on Marxian theory yielded a sensation - causing rejoinder from Hilferding .
Bauer openly admitted to me that Hilferding did not grasp the problems at hand .
I took part in Böhm 's seminar regularly until I was promoted in 1913 .
During the last two winter semesters in which I still attended the seminar , discussions were dedicated to my theory of money and credit : my explanation of money 's purchasing was dealt with in the first ; the second focused on my business - cycle theory .
The difference of opinion that emerged between Böhm and me on these points will be addressed later .
Böhm was a brilliant seminar leader .
He considered himself more of a chairman than a teacher , and would enter into the debate on occasion .
Unfortunately , babblers sometimes abused the freedom to speak that was allowed participants .
Especially disruptive was the nonsense that Otto Neurath asserted with fanatical force .
The sharper wielding of a chairman 's upper hand could have often proven beneficial , but Böhm wanted no part in this .
His thinking was in line with that of Menger , who believed that in science everyone must be allowed to speak .
The lifework of Böhm - Bawerk lies before us in splendid proximity .
His masterful critique of old economics and his own theories have become our prized possessions .
And yet , one can assert that Böhm could have produced even more had the circumstances allowed for it .
He developed thoughts in seminar lectures and personal conversations that far exceeded those contained in his writings .
But his physical constitution could not withstand the planning of grand and new undertakings .
His nerves were no longer suited to hard work .
Even the two - hour seminar had its effects .
It was only through the greatest ordering of daily habits that he could muster the strength he needed for science .
His entire endeavor belonged to economics ; relaxation and enjoyment were found in symphony concerts .
Worries over Austria 's future and its culture darkened the evening of Böhm - Bawerk 's life .
He suffered a heart attack a few weeks after the outbreak of the war .
My unit was stationed at the vanguard , east of Trampol .
I was handed a newspaper carrying his obituary upon returning from patrol duty one evening early in September .
( CNN ) -- Lighthouse keeper J.A. Eckerman was the last person to see World War II Soviet submarine S - 2 before it sank in January 1940 between Sweden and Finland .
A team of Swedish and Finnish divers had been searching for the Soviet submarine S - 2 since 1999 .
As the submarine dove near the island of Market , northwest of Aland , Eckerman heard a loud explosion and saw smoke rise from the water .
The long - lost wreck was missing for 69 years until a team of Swedish and Finnish divers -- including Eckerman 's grandson Ingvald -- discovered it this year .
What remains of the sub was found between the Swedish coast and the Finnish island of Aland , northeast of Stockholm , in late February , the divers announced Tuesday .
The submarine was very badly damaged by the explosion , said Marten Zetterstrom , one of the divers .
The front gun is still there , and a torpedo is still in one of the tubes , but about 20 meters ( about 65 feet ) of the vessel is missing .
The search had been going on for nearly 10 years , the divers said in a news release .
The sub had a crew of 46 and four passengers when it sank .
Sweden and Finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mines .
Russia has contacted Swedish and Finnish authorities to clarify what caused the submarine to sink , the divers said .
Finland was at war with the Soviet Union at the time the sub sank .
A deal between Germany and the Soviets had put the Nordic nation within the Soviet " sphere of influence , " and Soviet troops had invaded Finland late in 1939 .
The fighting was mostly confined to Finland 's eastern border .
Just two months after the submarine 's sinking , a temporary peace agreement was reached .
Sweden remained neutral in World War II .
CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .
All About World War II • Finland • Sweden • Russia
I am sure everyone , at least once in their lifetime , has wondered how important money is to them .
Is money a means to an end or the end in itself ?
Everyone will have their personal opinions about how important money is and whether money will make them happy and I respect that , but here are my thoughts on money .
This post was inspired by If You Knew , What Would You Do ?
A discussion on how you would react if you found out you only had a few months to live .
Money has never been my main concern ; yes I see the irony of having a personal finance blog , but that ’s not important here .
Although I see and understand the need for money , there is only so much I am willing to give up for it .
I am not willing to sacrifice my happiness and freedom to obtain Financial Freedom ( is n’t this blog called Highway to Financial Freedom ?
Maybe I should rename ) .
I am a subscriber to the idea that money can not buy you happiness ; to me there are things that are far more important than having money , things like spending time with family and loved ones and enjoying your career .
Time is more valuable than money .
You can get more money , but you can not get more time . —
Jim Rohn
Being a millionaire means nothing to me if my loved ones and I are unhappy .
If I live in a $ 4.5 million villa but hate what I do everyday for nine or ten hours that villa will be my prison and I ’ll be enslaved to the dollar .
If I have to work fifteen hours a day and never get time to spend with family and friends and spend that money , than what good does it do ?
I am not saying that I do not want money or that money does not matter , because money does matter , but it should not be the primary goal .
Money , if it does not bring you happiness , will at least help you be miserable in comfort .
—Helen Gurley Brown
I would rather work for less money but more satisfaction and happiness ; I do not need the latest gadgets or luxury cars and homes .
I can live in a small apartment drive an eight year old Honda and work for a small company as long as I enjoy what I do and am not afraid to wake up in the morning to go to work .
I love waking up at 7 am every morning and working on this blog , I enjoy talking to fellow bloggers via email and twitter .
It ’s a great feeling when I reply to a reader and help them with their situation without any expectations to return the favor .
I enjoy reading other blogs and the news .
The income is not the greatest ( well yet ) not nearly close to full time job , but the satisfaction is priceless .
Do n’t get me wrong working in the financial industry has been great , but not nearly as satisfying as this blog or some of my past projects .
You have not lived a perfect day , even though you have earned your money , unless you have done something for someone who will never be able to repay you . — Ruth Smeltzer
One might think that I am rich and therefore can afford to say this and others may believe that I have never been poor so do not know what its like to not have money .
I can assure you both that I am not rich and I have been poor .
I have lived on an income much below the poverty line and there have been days where we only had one meal a day , so I understand what it feels like to not have .
But those days have passed and now I have a car , savings and investments , I go on trips and have 5 meals a day ( Yes I know ! ) and love what I do .
I could probably make much more if I decide on another career path , but I doubt I would be as happy .
While money ca n’t buy happiness , it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery — - Unknown
I had a family member who had a six figure income , lived in a 7 bedroom mansion drove a new Lexus every 2 years , but worked fifteen hours a day and hated what he did .
Several years ago he had a heart attack and passed away at a very young age .
What did he leave behind ?
He left a big home and a lot of money for his family , but that ’s all .
His children do not remember much about him , they really do not know who their father was , and they have no memories of him to share .
I am sure he worked this hard for his family , but it makes me wonder if that is what they really wanted ?
Would they not rather have their father back ?
Or at least have some memories with him ?
Waste your money and you ’re only out of money , but waste your time and you ’ve lost a part of your life .
— Michael Leboeuf
Sometimes it is necessarily to work extended hours and take on a job you do not enjoy in order to get out of a situation such as large debt or to get the career you do enjoy , but this should not be a lifestyle .
You should not make a career of something you do not like just because it pays better and one should not give up their happiness in pursuit of money .
After all it ’s just money !
It ’s good to have money and the things that money can buy , but it ’s good , too , to check up once in a while and make sure that you have n’t lost the things that money ca n’t buy .
– George Horace Lorimer
What I learned is that money comes and goes ( hopefully comes more than it goes ) but what stays is memories with your family and friends and from where I stand no amount of money can buy that .
Money is a means to an end and should never be the end in itself , at least for me .
What about you ?
Rocking beyond the grave picks : Union Square
Katie Macinnes Katie Macinnes Photo : Peter Hartlaub Photo : Peter Hartlaub Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Rocking beyond the grave picks : Union Square 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
The question was asked last week at Union Square in San Francisco :
If you could bring one artist or band back from the dead for a one - night - only concert , who would it be and why ?
Drew Godderis , 55 , San Francisco
Roy Orbison .
He 's so soulful .
He was from Texas , which is so suppressive emotionally and yet he was so emotional .
He was a unique individual .
It 's too bad he had to pass so soon .
Katie MacInnes , 24 , Melbourne , Australia
I choose Elvis Presley .
He 's got so many songs , it would be a rad concert .
I just think he's hot - at least he was when he was younger .
Definitely the younger hot Elvis .
Sarah Blake , 27 , Dublin , Ireland
There are a lot to choose from , but I 'll go with Nina Simone .
She 's just fabulous .
Her music is so beautiful , and her voice is stunning .
She was just a cool girl .
I would have to say Jackie Wilson .
He was great years ago .
I like his style , I like his voice , and I like his music .
His voice was so unique .
Jenna Duale , 25 , Sacramento
I would reunite the Beatles .
Just because they were so amazing in their time .
I 'm jealous because my mother got to see them and I did n't .
This would make us even .
Ryan Hoyt , 24 , Sunnyvale
Frank Sinatra .
People are still trying to emulate what he did back in the day .
He was the mack daddy of song .
He could sing , he could act , he could dance .
He was the consummate entertainer .
Within the coming weeks , Americans will begin to consider critical issues concerning the future of health care for themselves and their children , including universal coverage , taxation of benefits , computerized records and the controlling of costs .
But before the debate commences in Congress and the media , big insurance and pharmaceutical companies are lobbying frantically ( and spending millions of dollars ) to foreclose the possibility of the most promising aspect of health care reform : a public insurance option .
After decades of denigrating government — and worshiping corporations — the idea that a public program might work as well or better than a corporate provider may well sound counterintuitive to many Americans .
How can government , which is so widely believed to do nothing well while wasting enormous sums , possibly be expected to outperform the highly efficient , supremely managed and profitably motivated corporate sector ?
Would n’t we be better off if we simply entrust the provision of health care to the insurance industry ?
How can we trust those Washington bureaucrats with our health ?
Actually , many consumers have learned by now that those questions are misleading at best .
They know , for instance , that trusting a health insurance company is likely to be an expensive mistake .
They know , too , that corporate bureaucrats can be even more ruthless in denying help to a beleaguered individual or family than those who work in government .
Studies have repeatedly shown that patient satisfaction with Medicare , the quintessential public insurance plan , is considerably higher than with private insurers among comparable age groups .
And consumers understand that the drive for profits often conflicts with patient care , leading them to the conclusion that insurance and pharmaceutical corporations are excessively powerful and socially irresponsible .
According to Republican pollster Frank Luntz , the people who respond to his surveys despise “ insurer greed , ” and are disturbed by their profitability , lack of accessibility , lack of accountability and excess of bureaucracy .
There is “ no love lost ” between Americans and the private health insurers , he warned Republican congressional leaders as they considered how to oppose reform .
But the same arguments that have distorted the debate over health care will emerge again — especially the claim that private insurance is somehow more efficient than a public program would be , or that we cannot “ afford ” a public plan .
The opposite is true , as surprising as that may seem .
During the decade that ended in 2006 , to cite just one set of relevant statistics , the level of health spending per head ( for similar benefits ) grew 4.6 percent annually under Medicare , while spending under private health insurance rose by 7.3 percent .
For many years , in fact , Medicare has performed better at controlling costs than private insurance companies .
One reason is simple and obvious : Eliminating profits for shareholders and management cuts out a major cost factor .
Another is less obvious : Private insurers consistently spend more on overhead and administration than Medicare .
To anyone who shares the broad prejudice against government , the difference will be startling , although these numbers are very well known to health experts .
The average overhead cost of Medicare is roughly 2 or 3 percent , far below the administrative costs of private insurers , which range between 27 and 40 percent .
These basic facts have broad implications for the nation ’s capacity to ensure quality health coverage for all of its citizens .
Private insurance has strengths as well as weaknesses , but there is no doubt that a new public plan , alongside Medicare , would become an essential yardstick — as the old New Dealers used to say — by which to measure the progress and efficiency of the private sector .
The private insurers will complain that this is “ unfair ” competition , but if the private sector is truly the efficient solution to our costly , wasteful and unfair health care system , then why is it so frightened of a public plan ?
Joe Conason writes for The New York Observer .
For E3 2009 , attention is on The Beatles : Rock Band for its several additions that facilitate for a more enjoyable gaming experience .
While it ’s already apparent that the game features Beatles songs , here are more reasons to play Rock Band :
It features a three - part harmonies option ;
A Beatles career tour has been added in replacement of the World Tour mode ;
Introduction of the Ludwig - inspired drums ;
Gameplay and interface are tuned slightly to cater for new players .
Perhaps the only thing that ’s a bit challenging for the new Rock Band is that it ’s quite difficult to play an instrument and sing together , but all in all , The Beatles : Rock Band is still an enjoyable game .
For more video game previews like this , check our homepage at Crispy Gamer .
And as online casino gaming is on the rise , we ’ve also come up with the most vital topics that can significantly help for a more fun experience !
We ’ve got several resources – online casinos with free spins plus no wagering requirements , carefully listed online casino reviews , and current list of newly opened online casinos to name a few .
At Crispy Gamer , it ’s our aim to help online casino gamers get the most out of their wagering .
During the E3 convention , the PSLS staff got to sit down with Insomniac Games for a few questions , as well as see an experienced playthrough of the Ratchet & Clank Future : A Crack in Time demo .
Check out the video below , and make sure to enjoy it in HD !
[ youtube ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bh6PGChIfFs[/youtube]
Ah , Runescape .
If you ’ve never heard of that before , time to crawl out from under that rock , because you ’ve been missing out on the internet ’s # 1 free mass - multiplayer online role playing game .
Get thrown into the middle of the fantasy world of Gielinor , full of warring tribes with turbulent histories , a land where warriors , wizards , and monsters await to befriend or fight you .
Create a character , and you immediately find yourself in a rich world with thousands of other players who are trying to survive , make a name for themselves , or become legends .
Will you be a fierce and lethal warrior or a wielder of ancient arcane magic ?
Perhaps you ’ll join the Thieves Guild or drown yourself in scholarly pursuits - or even some hybrid of them all .
After all , why not ?
How do I survive in this inhospitable world ?
Coins , gold , pieces , or “ Lovely money ! " - RS gold is the most basic and widely used form of currency in Runescape .
You need it to purchase items in the general store , trade up your weapons and armor , and progress through various quests throughout the game .
You can earn gold by carrying out dangerous quests for villagers , wizards , and other non-playing characters in Gielinor .
Gold is also earned through selling various items you can find or harvest throughout the land , such as mining , fishing , or chopping logs .
You can even increase the value of these materials by crafting them into items , cooking them , or smithing them into high value pieces .
There may be new ways of earning gold soon , as Runescape is known for constantly adding to their gameplay .
Do you like online games ?
Our friends from DemoSlotMachines.com have a special online game for you to play - " Where 's the Gold slot machine " .
Play the game with real money or with no money at all .
Win some gold if you 're lucky today !
What does Runescape have , what will it have , and why do I want it ?
Runescape has been live for over a decade and still manages to attract thousands of players , new and old , every day to their servers .
And the reason is simple : because they keep adding engaging content .
Runescape constantly updates their gameplay , meaning that there ’s always too much to do and it ’s impossible to do everything .
Beyond holiday features and special contests , Runescape continuously adds new gameplay materials .
Players can engage in new storylines , craft all - new items , and many other awesome things you can’t find anywhere else .
Own a farm , play your hand at Balthazar ’s Big Raffle , or take a tumble in the Dragonkin Laboratory .
It ’s everything you did n’t know you wanted .
How do I access all these awesome possibilities ?
Players have their own levels , but also various skill levels .
In order to unlock special abilities , access to quests , or awesome equipment , there are base level requirements that need to be met .
Throughout the world of Gielinor , there are areas where certain items are known to spawn in greater numbers , and players often spend time here to level quickly before going on adventures .
You ’ll know it when you see “ that guy ” engaging in seemingly erratic behavior .
In this world , there ’s often more than meets the eye .
Different in - world monsters are also more likely to carry certain items or gold , and figuring out where it is has become a classic component of discovering the lay of the land in Runescape .
What else can I use RS Gold for ?
Shh .
Who told you that ?
Like we said , gold is an in - game currency for lethal weapons , earthshaking wands , indestructible armor , and gauntlets that will make any warrior north of the Kharidian desert jealous .
Use it to buy mythical animal companions , buy stolen items from smugglers , and push fantasy to its logical extreme .
In this world , the only limit is your imagination .
No doubt , many in America today would fight you over saying that no secret government exists .
Whether or not governing bodies do exist in the shadows , capable of manipulating Americans ( or humans in general ) which remain unknown to us is a matter of intense debate these days , thanks to well - researched theories proposed by authors like the astute Jim Marrs in books like The Terror Conspiracy and Crossfire : The Plot That Killed Kennedy , as well as theories and books like Children of the Matrix by David Icke , or another personal favorite , Nick Redfern ’s Body Snatchers in the Desert .
However , many times throughout the years have there been brilliant ( if not slightly crazy ) minds who have proposed the strangest stuff you might ever imagine , which sometimes , though it never made it to print in major publications , was circulated nonetheless .
In my Mirror Images column this month in UFO Magazine , I discuss “ Ghost Rockets and UFOs Piloted by the Dead ” , where I tap into the stories related by , among others , American fascist leader William Dudley Pelley .
Pelley , was an active admirer of Adolph Hitler during World War II , which inspired his forming of the American fascist organization the Silver Legion in 1933 .
Like several of the infamous Nazis in Hitler
by
I have an idea .
( No , it was not beginner ’s luck . )
The idea came to me while listening to University of Chicago evolutionary geneticist Jerry A. Coyne give a talk on a cruise ship in early March .
If you remember last month ’s column , you already know about the hardships of science lectures on the high seas , where “ buffeted ” refers not to the effects of winds and waves but to the feeling you get after one too many trips to the smorgasbord .
But I digest .
I mean , digress .
Creationists argue that speciation has never been seen .
Here ’s part of a December 31 , 2008 , posting by Jonathan Wells on the Web site of the antithetically named Discovery Institute : “ Darwinism depends on the splitting of one species into two , which then diverge and split and diverge and split , over and over again , to produce the branching - tree pattern required by Darwin ’s theory .
And this sort of speciation has never been observed . ”
The claim makes me think of the trial where a man was charged with biting off another man ’s ear in a bar fight .
( Incredibly , Mike Tyson was not involved . )
An eyewitness to the fracas took the stand .
The defense attorney asked , “ Did you actually see with your own eyes my client bite off the ear in question ? ”
The witness said , “ No . ” The attorney pounced : “ So how can you be so sure that the defendant actually bit off the ear ? ”
To which the witness replied , “ I saw him spit it out . ”
We have the fossils , the intermediate forms , the comparative anatomy , the genomic homologies — we ’ve seen what evolution spits out .
Back to the ship .
Coyne ’s address was on the vast amounts of incontrovertible scientific evidence available for evolution .
( To recapitulate the cruise experience , you can simply read Coyne ’s new book , Why Evolution Is True , while overeating . )
As Darwin did before him , Coyne noted that the development of new breeds through artificial selection is a good model for the evo­lution of new species by natural selection .
He then offered a comment about dog breeds , also found in his book : “ If somehow the recognized breeds existed only as fossils , paleontol­ogists would consider them not one species but many — certainly more than the thirty - six species of wild dogs that live in nature today . ”
Even incredibly closely related populations of organisms are typically considered different species if there is some kind of reproductive barrier between them .
And it does n’t have to be mismatched chromosomes .
Could be a mountain if you ’re not a goat .
Could be a molehill if you ’re not a mole .
Duke University ’s Mohamed Noor , who was also lecturing onboard the ship , studies such barriers .
His accomplishments include winning the Linnean Society ’s Darwin - Wallace Medal , given out every 50 years for evolutionary research .
If Jonathan Wells studied the right 49 - year period , he might argue that it ’s impossible for anyone to win the award because that kind of recognition has never been observed .
Noor looked at the fruit flies Drosophila pseudoobscura and D. persimilis .
In the lab , he can get a female D. pseudoobscura to mate and produce some fertile offspring with a male D. persimilis .
Out in the world , however , it does n’t happen — she hates his smell , his song , his mating dance .
So here ’s the idea you ’ve been patiently waiting for : let ’s simply say that dog breeds are different species .
Take two that Coyne highlights for their differences — the 180 - pound English Mastiff and the two - pound Chihuahua .
They ’re both considered members of Canis lupus familiaris , and in principle artificial insemination could produce some sort of mix or possibly an exploding Chihuahua .
But face it , the only shot a male Chihuahua has with a female Mastiff involves rock climbing or spelunking equipment .
Biologists clearly continue to include the two types of dogs within the same species out of modesty .
But with creationists fighting evolution education throughout the country , the time calls for bold action .
Let ’s reassign the trembling , bug - eyed Chihuahua to its own species .
Voilà , humans have observed speciation .
We could call the new dog C. nervosis .
Or C. cantsee­theparadis .
Or C. canyoupress­twelveformepleasis .
Amazingly , right now Chihuahuas are still considered C. lupus familiaris , a subspecies of wolf .
And calling a Chihuahua a wolf is like calling someone at the Discovery Institute a scientist .
Note :
This story was originally published with the title , " An Immodest Proposal " .
When Eric Sheptock hitchhiked from Gainesville , Fla. , to Washington , he already had been homeless and unemployed .
That was in the summer of 2005 .
Mr. Sheptock is still homeless , but he is not unemployed .
After working a few odd jobs since coming to the District , Mr. Sheptock started a janitorial job , which he got with the help of a friend .
The part - time job that he began in April pays $ 8.25 an hour .
“ It ’s good to have some money in my pocket , ” Mr. Sheptock said .
“ I can buy my own meals every so often or get on the bus rather than doing so much walking . ”
But Mr. Sheptock , 40 , still lives in a homeless shelter , the Community of Creative Non-Violence ( CCNV ) , located in the heart of Washington , just a few blocks from the U.S. Capitol .
And he is not alone .
According to estimates from the Community Partnership for the Prevention of Homelessness ’ ( CCPH ) 2009 report released this spring , 24 percent of single homeless people are employed .
Their meager incomes , however , do not pay enough for them to afford an apartment in Washington , where , as of April , the average rent for a one - bedroom apartment was $ 1,400 .
“ It ’s not going to pay enough money for me to get out of homelessness , ” Mr. Sheptock said .
Survival is the more pressing issue .
Many homeless people live with nothing but the clothes on their backs , on one simple meal a day and seldom with the comfort of a bed .
There are many who work low - paying jobs but do not make much progress .
The job is “ not going to pay enough money for me to get out of homelessness , ” Mr. Sheptock said .
Mr. Sheptock is just one of the lucky .
Without a place to sleep and shower and without clean clothes and transportation , an unemployed homeless person finds it tough to get a job , said Steve Thomas , director of community outreach for STREATS ( Striving to Reach , Educate and Transform Self ) , an advocacy group that works to end homelessness in the nation ’s capital .
“ The homeless population is in such need ” of basic necessities , Mr. Thomas said in May at a STREATS - sponsored job - training information fair for unemployed homeless people , which was held at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Library in Northwest .
“ When a person has none of these things , it ’s hard to get or maintain a job . ”
Other obstacles that keep the homeless unemployed are their lack of job skills and training .
A few months prior to the job training information fair , STREATS sponsored a job fair for the homeless , Mr. Thomas said , but the participants lacked the necessary basic skills to fill the positions that were available .
That ’s when Mr. Thomas came up with the idea to sponsor a job training information fair , at which vendors offered training in cosmetology , computers , automotive repair , truck driving , “ green ” jobs and literacy .
“ This is the perfect time for training , ” Mr. Thomas said , “ because we do expect an upturn in the economy .
“ We figured it ’s best to put our efforts toward letting the homeless know about the training opportunities that are available to them . ”
Then there are the unemployed homeless people with substance abuse or psychiatric problems , which hinder their ability to find work .
Mr. Thomas urges job seekers to get help before looking for a job .
“ If you have a drug or alcohol problem , you are going to have to get it fixed , ” Mr. Thomas said , “ because ai n’t nobody got time to deal with you . ”
“ There is a drug program around every corner .
If you need to get in a program , I ’ll get you in a program , ” he said .
The CPPH report counted 6,228 people as homeless in Washington and said 1,645 of them had chronic substance abuse and 1,042 had severe mental illness .
Mr. Sheptock - an Atlantic City , N.J. , native - said it has been almost four years since he last used crack cocaine , which he smoked from 1998 to 2005 .
His first night in Washington , where he stayed Logan Circle park , was his last night using crack .
“ I ran out of money on the morning of August 1 , 2005 , and I have n’t used since then , ” said Mr. Sheptock , who has been homeless off and on since 1994 , when he walked off his job as freight handler after a dispute with his supervisor .
Now , when he is not working , he does homeless advocacy .
That ’s the reason he took the janitorial job .
“ The job is to pay for my cell phone and other minor expenses such as bus fare , so I can do my homeless advocacy better .
“ This part - time job wo n’t pay for an apartment , ” Mr. Sheptock said .
“ I ’m pretty sure . ”
Joseph Young is a freelance writer and photographer living in the District .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
I dupe , I dupe !
While political arguments rage , New York City has certified its first gay marriage — of two men who fooled the City Clerk ’s Office into letting them tie the knot .
Hakim Nelson and Jason Stenson married on May 26 with nary a raised eyebrow among the oblivious city bureaucrats who not only OK ’d the marriage license , but conducted the ceremony , despite gay marriage being illegal in the state .
The plucky couple filled out their marriage application online at the Apple Store on 14th Street in May .
A few days later , they went to the City Clerk ’s Office on Worth Street to complete the form and get their marriage license .
Nelson — who goes by the name “ Kimah ” and hopes to one day have surgery to become a “ full female ” — wore an orange dress and white leggings , his straight , brown hair falling to his shoulders .
The gullible clerk did n’t seem to notice that both Nelson , 18 , and Stenson , 21 , have male first names .
They both had to present identification to obtain the license .
Stenson used his state ID card , and Nelson gave a state Benefit Card , which he uses to collect food stamps .
By a fluke , Nelson ’s ID card has an “ F ” for female on it , because the official who issued it in April assumed from his appearance that he was a woman .
But Nelson could n’t believe the license clerk did n’t ask for better identification .
“ I was scared .
I thought they would ask for more paperwork from me because I have a male name , ” Nelson said .
The clerk did n’t .
Instead she asked questions about the couple ’s jobs and addresses — which they listed as Sylvia ’s Place , a city shelter for gay , lesbian and transgender youth — but nothing about their gender .
Ten days after obtaining their license , the wedding crashers returned to the office for the ceremony .
They were clutching their license and a pair of $ 10 silver wedding rings they had bought in the West Village .
Nelson was in the same orange dress .
They showed another clerk at the marriage bureau their license , and he gave them a number and told them to wait .
Then a third city official , Blanca Martinez , took their IDs and the license .
She printed out the marriage certificate and performed the quick ceremony , pausing to ask Nelson whether she was pronouncing “ Hakim ” properly .
A friend served as a witness .
As they walked out of the building hand in hand , Jason said to his new spouse , “ I think we just made history . ”
A source with the clerk ’s office said the employees were simply snookered .
“ Is our system 100 percent foolproof ?
What system is ?
We do the best job we can , ” he said .
“ If someone is trying to willfully sneak through , we try to stop it .
But you have instances of females [ who ] have male names and vice versa .
“ You ’ve heard of a boy named Sue , right ? ”
The bureau is currently deciding what steps to take regarding the license or any others that may have been issued improperly , adding that Stenson ’s and Nelson ’s is not valid .
When they told another male couple about duping the city , that pair made a bee - line for the clerk ’s office and were also wed , Nelson said .
After The Post ’s inquiries , the city ’s marriage bureau stopped two more people with male names from marrying Friday , requesting birth certificates .
Stenson , who has two children by his former domestic partner , does not consider himself gay .
He sees his new spouse as a woman .
Experts say the marriage is not legal .
“ Gay marriage is not lawful here in New York , so they ’re technically not married , ” said matrimonial attorney Raoul Felder .
Evan Wolfson , head of Freedom to Marry , a local advocacy group devoted to legalizing gay marriage , saw the Stenson / Nelson example as “ one more illustration of why the New York Senate needs to move quickly to pass the marriage bill and end this discrimination in New York . ”
The “ newlyweds , ” meanwhile , have already run into trouble .
They took their new license to the Adult Family Intake Center in Manhattan hoping to qualify for couples ’ housing .
But Nelson ’s name immediately drew suspicion .
“ Are you a man or a woman ? ” the intake officer demanded .
“ I ’m a transsexual , ” he lied .
For now , the pair is living as a married couple in a Brooklyn shelter .
“ People in Albany can say , ‘ Look , it ’s already happened , so let ’s just make it legal , ’ ” Stenson said .
“ We ’re all human beings .
What makes me and my wife different ? ”
david.seifman@nypost.com
Just a quick note : the best way to buy your Motion Plus hardware is to get a game with it : Tiger Woods PGA
Tour 10 adds the peripheral for only $ 10 over the normal cost of the game .
If you 'd like to equip multiple controllers with the hardware , just keep one thing in mind : do n't buy at GameStop .
The hardware should cost you just $ 20 ; Nintendo has the peripheral listed as having a suggested retail price of $ 19.99 .
Of course , that 's just a suggestion , and as you can see GameStop has decide to ignore that suggestion and sell the MotionPlus for $ 25 .
No real reason , just a nice chance to puff up the margin on the sale .
Every other major retail seems to be selling it for the " correct " price , so just keep your eyes open when buying .
No need to blow an extra $ 5 if you do n't need to .
Advertisements
Laura Ingraham was guest hosting The O’Reilly Factor last night , and she went on the attack against Al Gore .
She claimed that Gore ’s climate change position has been very profitable for him .
To make her point , Ingraham used doctored video of Gore ’s recent congressional testimony that omitted Gore saying that he donates all of his profits back to the cause .
Ingraham said , “ It seems that being green does pay big time — just ask Al Gore .
Mr. Global Warming was worth about $ 2 million or so when he left office in 2001 , but after eight years of tirelessly working to save the world , the planet , he ’s now reportedly — get this — worth a whopping $ 100 million .
His financial windfall came up at last week ’s Capitol Hill hearing . ”
Here is the doctored video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Here is the full exchange :
Of course , Fox News video left out , “ I believe that the transition to a green economy is good for our economy and good for all of us , and I have invested in it .
But every penny that I have made , I have put right into a nonprofit , the Alliance for Climate Protection , to spread awareness of why we have to take on this challenge . ”
The doctored video also omitted this exchange :
BLACKBURN : And , well — you know , are you willing to divest yourself of any profit ?
Does all of it go to a not - for - profit that is an educational not - for - profit —
GORE : Every penny that I have made —
BLACKBURN : Every penny —
GORE : — has gone to it .
Every penny from the movie , from the book , from any investments in renewable energy .
Is anyone surprised that The O’Reilly Factor would doctor video ?
This is why FNC ca n’t be taken seriously as a news organization .
Doctored video is their idea of fair and balanced .
I know the network likes to separate their primetime shows from their reporting , but when video is doctored , it proves their ideological bias .
I am curious to see how all defenders of Fox News explain away this one .
If Ingraham would have showed the video unedited , then expressed the opinion that Gore was profiting from his work , that would have been fine , but to edit the video to give a false impression is dishonest journalism .
Doctored video is propaganda , which is what Fox News was spreading last night .
Investing Basics : Technical Analysis
Last week we took a look at fundamental analysis as part of our Investing Basics series .
This is not the only type of “ analysis ” that you can use to determine whether or not you want to invest in a particular vehicle .
There is also a mode of analysis called technical analysis .
When you engage in technical analysis , you look at a more narrow range of factors .
Technical analysis is , well , technical .
It ’s all about the numbers , volume and what an investment is doing now – and what it was doing in the past .
What is technical analysis ?
Technical analysis is all about price movements and volume trends on the market .
Those who subscribe to technical analysis are sometimes called chartists or technicians .
Technical analysis relies heavily on daily movements in the stock market , volume , charts that encompass long - term and short - term trends .
It looks for patterns in price action .
Technical analysis does n’t care about the ethics of a company , its management or any of the other “ big picture ” items that fundamental analysis considers .
Instead , there is only the price movement and the volume trends .
The idea is to interpret the hard data of performance in such a way that you can see trends in an investment ’s movements and buy or sell according to what is likely to happen .
Additionally , technical analysis views price action as a result of investor behavior .
Technical analysis can get complex , so we ’ll just cover most of the basics here .
First of all , there are three main assumptions that are made when using technical analysis :
Investment prices move in trends .
Once a trend has been established , investment prices are likely to move in the same direction .
Long - term , technical analysis assumes that an investment is much more likely to move with an overall trend than against it .
When a trend comes to a close , it is replaced by the formation of a new trend – one that may move in a new direction .
The market encompasses everything .
Because technical analysis looks at price movement to the exclusion of everything else , many chartists assume that even fundamental factors and market psychology are priced in to investment performance .
Market price is assumed to be the final word in an investment ’s value , including investor sentiment .
History repeats itself .
Price movement trends will repeat themselves .
Indeed , some charts have been used for more than a century .
But that is acceptable since at some point price movements are likely to manifest again .
Some critics of technical analysis disagree with some ( or all ) of these assumptions .
However , there are chartists who do very well using technical analysis .
Trends and technical analysis
There are three types of trend to be considered in technical analysis : up , down and sideways .
While an uptrend and a downtrend are fairly obvious , a sideways trend probably needs a little explanation .
A sideways trend is one that appears to be going nowhere .
Peaks and troughs on the chart remain at roughly the same level , rather than moving successively higher or lower .
A sideways trend is , at its most basic , the lack of any defined trend .
There are also trend lengths to consider .
Short , medium and long term trends are studied .
Part of technical analysis is understanding these trends , looking for their formation and then adjusting the entry and exit points of your trade according to what is most likely to give you the best chance of profit .
When using technical analysis , your exit is as important as your entry .
Support , resistance and moving averages
Other important technical analysis concepts are those of support , resistance and moving averages .
Support is the floor .
It is the lowest level of the trend .
When the price does gets near this lower level several times , but does not breach it , a base is formed .
Resistance is the ceiling .
This is the price level that the investment ca n’t seem to break through .
It ’s considered a victory when a price breaks through the resistance and then actually manages to form a new basis of support .
On the other hand , if an investment breaks through the lower support level , the low becomes the new resistance level .
Trends and reversals represent sentiment , and can be indicators of investor psychology .
Moving averages are used to smooth out the sometimes - volatile appearing day - to - day trends .
The idea is to get a better view of the trend .
Day traders can use moving averages to help smooth out hourly fluctuations .
The idea is to plot the average price of an investment to get a better view of the trend .
There are three main types of moving averages :
Simple moving average represents the most common way of calculation price moving averages .
The traders adds up all of the closing prices over a set period of time ( 10 - day , 3 - month , 52 - week , etc. ) and then divides them to arrive at an average .
Exponential moving average is weighted so that recent data points are more important .
It takes new information into account and involves complex calculations to help smooth out the appearance of the chart .
Most traders just have whatever chart package they are using calculate this when they want to know it .
Linear moving average is the least used of moving averages .
It takes the closing prices over time , multiplies them by the position of the data point and then divides by the sum of the closing prices .
If you had three days , today ’s closing price would be multiplied by three , yesterday ’s by two and the day before would be left alone .
All of those results would be added together and then divided by the sum of all the unadulterated closing prices .
Moving averages can be used to quickly identify a trend – or an emerging trend .
They can also be used to find crossovers .
These are points that mark a change in the direction of a trend .
You can also use leading and lagging indicators to determine whether an investment is heading into a price change ( leading ) , or to confirm a trend you already see ( lagging ) .
Many people use technical analysis for day trading and other short - term trading , although it can be adapted for long - term use .
And technical analysis can be used in conjunction with fundamental analysis to gain a more complete picture of an investment ’s prospects .
Most Hollywood starlets would give their eyeteeth to be repped by the William Morris Agency .
Stacy Valentine is dating it .
She 's seeing William Morris IV .
Valentine : I met him last week on a set .
He 's friends with Mickey G. , and this was his first time to go on a [ porn ] set .
[ Peter Magnum for VCA . ]
And we started talking .
We decided to go out as friends .
We went to the House of Blues , and we got along really well .
He 's really a nice person .
I see him as Scott .
He 's Scott William Morris .
I do n't go out with him to be represented by an agency .
And that 's what he likes .
He likes me for me , more than just being a porn star .
" I decided this time to be my normal , totally weird self .
I thought if he does n't like it , screw it ; if he does , then he 's really a great guy , then .
I totally acted myself which I do n't always do .
Stacy Valentine gets in the way a lot .
He got to know the real me and liked her , and we really clicked .
We were only out the first time and that 's when we had the magazines start calling us .
Vibe was one of the first ones I know of .
It was a little overwhelming .
It freaked me out a little bit .
For anyone to be interested in my personal life … I do n't want something I do to have a negative impact on someone else .
That 's not fair , but he does n't care .
He says he appreciates my concerns about this , but he says he knows exactly what he 's getting into .
' I know what I want , and no one is going to tell me who I can or cannot date . '
" He does his own thing .
He 'll be on the board of directors in three years .
He does a lot of producing and things like that … but he 's the one .
This is my soulmate .
I know it .
I 've never felt this way about anyone .
" I 've just been really lonely , " she confides .
" In this business , people do n't think you get lonely .
But you do .
People only go out with me because they want to get laid .
He kind of feels the same way .
He has people who are drawn to him just for the agency .
That 's something we both connected on .
[ Valentine noticed instances where they'd be on the dance floor and people would be passing him 8 by 10 glossies . ]
" He 's been totally respectful , " she says .
" And I 've actually felt special for once . "
Investigation of sociology professor is frontline in nationwide campaign to silence criticism against Israel on college campuses
Please Distribute Widely
May 18 , 2009
Contacts : cdaf.ucsb@gmail.com .
SANTA BARBARA , Calif . — Noam Chomsky is no newcomer to harassment by pro-Israel organizations .
The Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) once compiled a 150 - page dossier on the famous author and linguistics professor , apparently to find information it could use against him , Chomsky said in an interview in late April .
An ADL insider sent Chomsky the file , which included conversations , correspondence and other materials .
Chomsky said it read like an FBI file .
“ It ’s hard to nail this stuff down in a court of law , but it ’s clear they essentially have spies in classrooms who take notes and send them to the ADL and other organizations , ” Chomsky said .
“ The groups then compile dossiers they can use to condemn , attack or remove faculty members .
They ’re like J. Edgar Hoover ’s files .
It ’s kind of gutter stuff . ”
Such covert tactics have yet to emerge publicly at the University of California at Santa Barbara .
But the effort to discredit and censor criticism of Israeli policies has taken a potentially ominous turn .
The ADL and the Israel advocacy group “ Stand With Us ” are leading an aggressive , direct campaign to pressure UCSB administrators and faculty to investigate and discipline sociology professor William I. Robinson for having introduced materials critical of Israel in a course on global affairs .
The materials included a photo essay that Robinson forwarded to students from the Internet juxtaposing images of Israeli abuse against Palestinians with Nazi abuses during the holocaust .
Two students took offense at the images and withdrew from the course , prompting the ADL to pressure the university to pursue charges of “ anti-Semitism ” against Robinson .
The pressure campaign includes face - to - face meetings with university officials and faculty , use of Internet - based media to influence public opinion , and a formidable letter - writing effort that relies particularly on UCSB donors , some of whom have threatened to withdraw their support for the university .
Some meetings — such as an hour - long encounter between ADL National Director Abraham Foxman and UCSB officials and faculty — may have seriously violated university policies .
The Foxman meeting generated concern that pressure by the Israel lobby may have influenced the Academic Senate in its decision to open a formal investigation against Robinson .
Other meetings are only now coming to light .
Aaron Ettenberg , a UCSB psychology professor and member of the Academic Senate ’s Charges Advisory Committee , has confirmed that he met with Rabbi Arthur Gross - Schaefer prior to the committee ’s recommendation to investigate Robinson .
Gross -Schaefer is interim director of the local chapter of Hillel , an organization that works with Jewish communities on college campuses .
Hillel met with the two students who withdrew from Robinson ’s class before those students filed their grievances against Robinson .
Both Gross - Schaefer and Ettenberg told Anthony Fenton — a reporter based in Vancouver who writes for the “ Asia Times Online ” and “ The Dominion ” of Canada — that they had met and discussed the Robinson case .
“ I really did n’t discuss that with him very much , ” Gross - Schaefer told Fenton in a telephone interview .
“ We see each other socially , it was n’t any meeting or anything in particular …
It was n’t … set up to discuss that at all actually . ”
Ettenberg told Fenton he is “ just friends ” with Gross Schaefer .
“ I ca n’t say anything at this point , ” he said .
“ I did n’t have a meeting with him formally to discuss any of these kinds of things . ”
Whether formal or not , that they met and discussed the Robinson case may constitute a serious breach of Academic Senate procedures for dealing with student complaints .
In a public statement on May 4 , Robert Potter — professor emeritus of the Department of Theater and Dance and former chair of the Academic Senate Committee on Privilege and Tenure — expressed deep concern about the “ campaign of accusations ” against Robinson .
“ This orchestrated attempt by outside agencies to pressure the university into disciplining a faculty member over the content of a course is an entirely improper attack on academic freedom , ” Potter said .
“ The campus community should express concern over this very troubling sequence of events . ”
Members of the California Scholars for Academic Freedom , which includes nearly 140 academics at 20 institutions , say the campaign at UCSB reflects a major escalation by the Israel lobby to silence criticism at universities in California and elsewhere .
Mark Levine , a Jewish professor of Middle Eastern Studies at UC - Irvine , said pro-Israel groups have , in effect , created a “ large machine ” to attack Israel critics on college campuses .
“ That ’s why this case is so important , ” Levine said .
“ These are powerful , organized groups in the Jewish community who use fear and intimidation to try to make sure Israel does n’t get criticized .
They go after anyone , even more so when the critics are Jews , because they fear that if we can criticize them , then everyone can . ”
Sondra Hale , a UCLA professor and founder and coordinator of the California Scholars , said the Robinson case stands out because the Israel lobby ’s pressure tactics have been so public .
“ A lot of incidents at other campuses have been more subtle types of pressure , but this case is very straightforward , ” Hale said .
“ The evidence is right there .
It ’s very clear cut . ”
For detailed information about the Robinson case , visit the Committee to Defend Academic Freedom Web site at http://www.sb4af.wordpress.com.
For media inquiries , email cdaf.ucsb@gmail.com .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Me : “ Thanks for calling [ Pizza Place ] .
How may I help you ? ”
Caller : “ Yes , I would like … ” * places order as usual *
Me : “ Okay , is there anything else I can do for you ? ”
Caller : “ Yes !
When the driver arrives , could you tell him these instructions ? ”
Me : “ Okay .
I ’ll be your driver , by the way . ”
Caller : “ All right .
First , I want you to knock on the window three times , then yell like a Wookie .
Then knock two more times and make alien noises . ”
Me : “ Alien … noises ? ”
Caller : “ You know the ‘ click ’ and stuff .
Like in the movie… uhh , what movie is that again ? ”
Me : “ You mean Signs ? ”
Caller : “ Yeah !
That ’s the one .
Okay , so after you do that , knock three more times and then yell , ‘ PLANKTON ! ' ”
Me : “ Anything else ? ”
Caller : “ Oh yeah , do you have any lingerie ? ”
Me : “ Not on me … ”
Caller : “ Oh , well , you should drive home and then find some , and wear that to the door . ”
Me : “ Okay , is that all , ma’am ? ”
Caller : “ Yeah , but do n’t forget the lingerie ! ”
( I decide to go along with the caller ’s request , put on some shorts , and roll the legs up so it ’s similar to a Speedo .
Half an hour later , I arrive at their door .
The entire party comes outside to watch my show of knocks and clicks , and then poses with me to take pictures .
I got a $ 15 tip , too ! )
A couple I run into on occasion has a taste for travel both in the US and abroad .
What makes them stand out from the crowd is that they take around 3 months vacations a year .
She wants 6 weeks summer vacation , they settled for 3 .
Today they are on their way to Scandinavia , Finland and the Baltic Republics .
They organized their work around their play time .
She believes that she keeps him sane , healthy and more productive .
They return from their various trips , batteries recharged and full of new ideas and perspectives .
Refreshing by American standards
As to the reasons why more of us in the USA do n't take at least a couple weeks off in the summer , Ezra Klein in Why We Don't Vacation Like the French ( American Prospect , July 07 ) offered an answer :
We guarantee zero .
Absolutely none .
That 's why one out of 10 full - time American employees , and more than six out of 10 part - time employees , get no vacation .
And even among workers with paid vacation benefits , the average number of days enjoyed is a mere 12 .
In other words , even those of us who are lucky enough to get some vacation typically receive just over a third of what the French are guaranteed . "
" Rebecca Ray and John Schmitt of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in No Vacation Nation wrote that the United States , " is the only advanced economy in the world that does not guarantee its workers paid vacation . "
Take notice of that word " only . "
Every other advanced economy offers a government guarantee of paid vacation to its workforce .
Britain assures its workforce of 20 days of guaranteed , compensated leave .
Germany gives 24 .
And France gives , yes , 30 .
We guarantee zero .
Absolutely none .
That 's why one out of 10 full - time American employees , and more than six out of 10 part - time employees , get no vacation .
And even among workers with paid vacation benefits , the average number of days enjoyed is a mere 12 .
In other words , even those of us who are lucky enough to get some vacation typically receive just over a third of what the French are guaranteed . "
In sectors such as the hospitality industry , in some states employers who offer ' vacation time ' to their staff have the option to pay them less than minimum wage for this ' earned benefit ' .
Musician Jonathan Coulton in Summer Vacation ( June 17 ) reminds us that the idea of Summer is to Slow Down :
" Part of my goal for this Summer is to take as much pressure off as I can and pry apart some space for doing just that .
I ’m not promising to write you a bunch of songs exactly , in fact I kind of have to keep my goals a little fuzzier than that in order to not frighten the muse away .
I do n’t know exactly where I ’m going or what I ’m working towards , and I forgive myself in advance for that because that ’s sort of the point . "
Should paid vacations be part of health benefits instead ?
Like the outdoors , there is an inexpensive option in 2009 , the US National Park Service offers 2 Fee - Free Weekends at more than 100 national parks that usually charge entrance fees on the following dates :
July 18 - 19 , 2009
August 15 - 16 , 2009
Amongst those included is the Gila Cliff Dwellings National Monument ( pictured below , from National Parks site ) .
Working for the Yankee Dollar on Monday Work Etiquette # 96
Previously : Can Boredom Steal the Show at Enterprise 2.0 Conference in Boston ?
Lamborghini Murcielago layout with 7668 Swarovski crystals .
Everyone has small cars in the collection ; many of them cost around 30 or 100 euros , but for a city like London would be a little bit .
At luxury store Harrods , the capital of England , you can find a layout a little different .
This 1:18 Lamborghini Murcielago LP640 from Maisto model is not common .
This limited edition model in is covered with 7668 Swarovski crystals , making the LP640 to bling .
To have the small car home you should offer Â£ 1,500 .
Parents who might buy something for their children should be one pretty much good for that price that even the alarm system is not included .
We are curious about how you could wash such a jewel .
Lamborghini Murcielago with 7668 Swarovski Crystals
Lamborghini Murcielago with 7668 Swarovski Crystals
Lamborghini Murcielago with 7668 Swarovski Crystals
Lamborghini Murcielago with 7668 Swarovski Crystals
THE WIDER VIEW : Towering skyscrapers in the ' Manhattan of the desert '
Rising from the valley floor like a mirage , the 450 - year - old mud brick towers of Shibam in Yemen are the world ’s first skyscrapers – dubbed the Manhattan of the Desert .
The 500 tower houses , made from mud mixed with chaff and hay , have withstood 113F ( 45C ) heat , floods and , last Sunday , an explosion caused by suspected Islamic militants that killed four South Korean tourists and their local guide .
Inside the walled fortress , a Unesco World Heritage Site , the streets are eerily quiet in spite of the 7,000 residents .
The 450 - year - old mud-built skyscrapers of the desert city of Shibam in Yemen
Families pass silently from building to building high up along connecting corridors – built to protect early inhabitants from attacks by Bedouin nomads .
To the right of the picture , a gateway is one of only two entrances cut through the city ’s protective outer wall .
The mud walls of the tower houses – five to eight storeys and up to 130 ft high – are thickest at the bottom for stability .
By law , any rebuilding must follow the shape of the original structure .
The arched window frames are made from the leafless nabaq tree and some towers are whitewashed with lime to slow down erosion by heat and rain – the crumbled house to the left shows why this is needed .
The city ’s design serves as a giant air - conditioning unit , creating maximum shade .
Each building is usually used by one family .
Food and cattle are kept on the ground and first floors .
The second storey upwards is a living area , with kitchens and entrances to the corridors on the fourth floor .
Mike Nelson took this picture at sunset from a vantage point 1,500 ft above the city .
Sales of Adobe® Flash® Catalyst® software ended on April 23 , 2012 .
Flash Catalyst CS5.5 will no longer be available in future versions of Adobe Creative Suite® software .
Adobe recommends that designers who are looking for interaction design software consider Creative Suite 6 Master Collection , which delivers the professional creative tools you need to create interactive apps that can reach audiences virtually anywhere .
Sales of Adobe® Flash® Catalyst® software ended on April 23 , 2012 .
Flash Catalyst CS5.5 will no longer be available in future versions of Adobe Creative Suite® software .
Adobe recommends that designers who are looking for interaction design software consider Creative Suite 6 Master Collection , which delivers the professional creative tools you need to create interactive apps that can reach audiences virtually anywhere .
Development and sales ended on April 23 , 2012
FAQ
Why is Adobe Flash Catalyst being discontinued ?
Adobe has decided to discontinue the production of Flash Catalyst in order to streamline the product line .
Where can I find support for Flash Catalyst ?
Adobe will continue to honor all technical support contracts until they expire .
New technical support contracts are no longer being offered .
Additionally , the online support resources will allow customers to access existing documentation , as well as tap into community support via the product forums .
Will there be future updates to Flash Catalyst ?
No future updates are planned at this time .
Why is Adobe Flash Catalyst being discontinued ?
Why is Adobe Flash Catalyst being discontinued ?
It ’s been over five years since we last saw a Max Payne game , and fans have been been eagerly awaiting a return to the gritty film noir world presented in those games .
Most people were initially pretty excited when the game was announced back in March , but since then some people have started to feel a little bit concerned that Max Payne 3 wo n’t live up to it ’s predecessors .
While the game does retain a lot of signature elements of the series , it does also break tradition in a lot of ways , and that has some fans second guessing the title .
Here are some of the concerns fans are having :
– A Change in Creative Control :
The mastermind behind the superbly pitch - perfect noir - inspired writing style of the previous Max Payne games was Sam Lake , who is not associated with this new project .
Along with Lake , the developers who created the prior Max Payne titles , Remedy Entertainment , are off working on Alan Wake – leaving Max Payne in the hands of Rockstar Vancouver .
Now Rockstar Vancouver are n’t exactly slouches , but people are worried the game might fall a bit short in new hands .
– A Change of Looks : Max Payne 3 brings the storyline ahead perhaps a little bit more than people were expecting .
Only two years passed between Max Payne and Max Payne 2 , whereas 12 years pass between 2 and 3 .
The initial concept art of Max just turned some people off – to put it plainly , Max looking pretty damned old and bald ( which is partially explained by his downward spiral into alcohol and painkiller addiction ) .
It does n’t exactly jive with the John Woo-esque jumping and diving “ bullet time ” scenes in the series .
However , Rockstar Vancouver assures us that those elements will be in the game – along with some new , fresh takes on bullet time .
– A Change in Voice :
While it ’s unconfirmed if the excellently narrated comic panel scenes that told the story in the first two games will return , we do know for sure that the voice actor behind Max Payne has been changed .
A lot of fans felt that James McCaffrey ’s voice is just iconic for the series , and are a little distraught that he wo n’t be returning .
That said , Max is looking older and … thicker , so it probably would n’t make a lot of sense to use the same actor .
– A Change of Scenery :
It ’s kind of hard to think of a Max Payne game that ’s not set in the oppressive shadows of a big city like New York .
In a lot of ways , the city felt like an important character in the storyline for the games .
Max Payne 3 takes
Max way out of his element : he ’s now in Sao Paulo , no longer a cop , but rather working private security for a rich family there .
Apparently , much of the gameplay will take place outdoors and in the slums of Sao Paulo , and in broad daylight no less .
People are comparing the screenshots to the likes of Uncharted , of all things .
Given that everything in the previous games was shades of gray , some fans are having trouble adjusting their eyes .
To ease concerns , the devs have stated this they ’re taking a more “ contemporary ” view of film noir – stating it ’s more than just a set of colors , but rather a way of thinking about the world .
– A Change in Play :
This is perhaps the weakest criticism , but some fans reacted poorly to the news that there will be a cover system in the game .
The series has always been more about maximizing the use of bullet time to mow your way through hordes of bad guys , so people are concerned that cover will take the focus away from that .
Rockstar Vancouver has stated that cover is n’t going to be a focus of the combat , so hopefully there ’s not much to worry about here .
Max Payne 3 just got it ’s first major exposé in Game Informer magazine , and that ’s just about all the info we ’ve got .
The game at least looks good , even if Max has let himself go a bit .
While the game does present a bit of culture shock for fans , it may also win over a whole new crowd with the new look .
Here ’s hoping that the community is just being overprotective and that the game will end up living up to the series ’ high standards .
What do you guys think ?
I suppose President Obama deserves some credit for addressing national marijuana policy during his recent online town hall .
But instead of seriously answering the thousands of questions submitted by Americans on overhauling our failed drug laws , he joked about the issue .
In doing so , Obama passed on an unparalleled opportunity to offer food for thought on how the White House might be willing to rethink our disastrous marijuana policy .
“ I do n’t know what this says about the online audience , ” Obama joked .
“ This was a fairly popular question ; we want to make sure that it was answered .
The answer is no , I do n’t think that ’s a good strategy to grow our economy . ”
Before the president ’s “ Open for Questions ” website closed , more than 2,100 marijuana policy questions had been submitted , according to The Times ’ March 27 article , “ Obama connects from on high , online . ”
Obama ’s audience , it turned out , felt that taxing and regulating marijuana was a good way to improve the economy .
And understandably , Obama ’s refusal to seriously discuss marijuana policy sparked plenty of resentment , as reported on The Times ’
Top of the Ticket blog .
This was not the first time that Obama has heard from the public about marijuana .
Throughout his campaign and transition to power , he had been pressed to endorse an overhaul of the war on drugs and federal marijuana policy .
In fact , Obama ’s transition team held similar online forums in which marijuana policy was among the top issues in the questions submitted .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs dismissed the popularity of the marijuana questions as a product of some kind of manipulation , claiming , “ This is not the first time that an interest group gets on a website and votes many times for their question to be answered . ”
But in this case , the interest group is the American people .
After all , it is the American people who are locked away at a higher rate than any other people on Earth .
More than one out of every 100 American adults are behind bars at any given moment , and the United States ’ incarceration rate is five times the world’s .
America ’s appetite for incarcerating people for minor drug offenses has grossly overfed our bloated criminal justice system .
An estimated 500,000 people are currently locked up in jails and prisons across the nation for drug offenses .
Almost 48 % of all drug arrests nationwide are for marijuana .
In 2007 alone , more than 775,000 Americans entered the criminal justice system after an arrest for marijuana possession .
It is in the American public ’s interest that Obama take advantage of growing recognition among policymakers that our marijuana laws threaten public safety and welfare and be an important part of this debate .
The timing could not be more opportune for Obama .
The escalating battle between the Mexican government and drug cartels has killed more than 7,000 Mexicans and is spilling into the United States .
Mexican drug cartels have been implicated in carrying out numerous kidnappings in Phoenix ; the Obama administration estimates they have set up shop in at least 230 U.S. cities .
The situation provoked Arizona Atty .
Gen. Terry Goddard to call for “ at least a rational discussion as to what our country can do to take the profit out of [ marijuana ] . ”
Goddard testified to a Senate committee last month that marijuana trafficking fuels 65 % to 70 % of the drug violence in Mexico .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton stepped out on a limb when she acknowledged last month that “ our insatiable demand for illegal drugs fuels the drug trade ” and that the U.S. - led war on drugs “ has not worked . ”
Sen. Jim Webb ( D - Va. ) last month introduced bipartisan legislation that would create a commission to thoroughly examine the entire criminal justice system with a goal of understanding why we are “ putting the wrong people in prison . ”
The debate is not confined within our borders .
In February , a commission led by three former Latin American presidents acknowledged that open dialogue about alternatives to the war on drugs has “ become taboo , which inhibits public debate . ”
The commission urged policymakers to spark public debate on the decriminalization of marijuana and other measures .
Although marijuana is certainly not the most pressing issue for Obama , this is the right time for the president to engage lawmakers and the public on our destructive marijuana policy .
A concerted effort by Obama to openly and honestly discuss alternatives to marijuana prohibition would undoubtedly pulverize the myth that Americans are n’t ready for reform .
Perhaps Obama could start the conversation by explaining why he supported decriminalizing marijuana in 2004 , when he first ran for the U.S. Senate .
Grant Smith is a legislative associate at the Drug Policy Alliance .
Select the categories that you want to see and use .
You can still use commands even if you do not select the category here .
Sony said it had brisker sales of PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable machines in the financial year that ended in March and expects sales to increase in the current year .
Still , low profitability is leading to losses at Sony ’s video game business .
Meanwhile , Sony has lost money for five straight years in televisions , trailing Samsung Electronics of South Korea , which dominates major markets with a lean production and aggressive pricing .
Even Sony ’s stronghold , camcorders , has come under pressure from low - cost alternatives like Flip Video , sold by the American start - up Pure Digital Technologies .
A problem plaguing Sony is that it has focused on Japanese consumers willing to pay high prices for cutting - edge technology .
Sony also makes many of its products in Japan , where production costs are high and vulnerable to currency swings .
Mounting losses at Sony ’s mobile phone venture with the Swedish company Ericsson are a new headache for the company .
Sony Ericsson posted a loss of 293 million euros ( $ 399 million ) for the first three months of 2009 , causing speculation that one or both parent companies were looking to sell their stakes .
Sony ’s chief executive , Howard Stringer , has tried to shift emphasis away from hardware to networked products and services , but change has been slow .
Mr. Stringer , a Welsh - born American who took the helm at Sony four years ago , has also talked of breaking down internal barriers that separated various product efforts .
In an effort to speed up the process , Mr. Stringer announced a management reshuffling in March that replaced older executives with younger ones .
He also redrew Sony ’s corporate structure to encourage engineers from all projects to work together .
At the same time , Mr. Stringer has pushed ahead with aggressive cost- cutting , eliminating 16,000 jobs and reducing its network of 57 factories .
But some analysts warn that those measures could further slow innovation at the company .
Sony said it would close three plants in Japan by the end of December that make cellphone cameras , video recorder parts and smart cards .
Sony has said it intends to close six more factories around the world .
The company said any jobs lost at those factories would be part of the 16,000 total .
LIMA ( Reuters ) - Researchers at an archeological site in northern
Peru have made an unusually large discovery of nearly three dozen people sacrificed some 600 years ago by the Incan civilization .
The bodies , some of which show signs of having been cut along their necks and collarbones , were otherwise found in good condition , said Carlos Webster , who is leading excavations at the Chotuna - Chornancap camp .
The sprawling 235 - acre ( 95 - hectare ) archeological site is 12 miles outside the coastal city of Chiclayo , near the ancient tomb of Sipan , which was one of the great finds of the last century .
The sacrifices were made just decades before Spanish explorers arrived in what is now Peru .
Although archeologists regularly find evidence of human sacrifice from Incan and pre-Incan cultures , it is rare to find the remains of 33 people in one place , researchers said .
Scientists say human sacrifice was common within the Incan culture , which flourished immediately before the arrival of the Spanish in what is now parts of Peru , Chile and Ecuador between 1400 and the mid-1500s .
“ Most of the remains belong to young women , around 15 years of age .
One of them appears to have been pregnant because in her abdomen , the collarbone of a fetus , probably around 4 months , was found , ” Webster said of the latest find , made over the past year and a half .
“ The majority ( of the bodies ) are in good condition -- skin tissues and hair have been preserved .
They were found in a dry area more than 7 feet underground , ” he said .
Incan civilization is best known for the city of Machu Picchu , the ruins of which are Peru ’s top tourist destination and considered one of the new seven wonders of the world .
Things in Python that I mostly like , but make me feel a bit naughty when I use them .
I air my smelly code as a sort of cleansing ritual and perhaps to make you feel a little bit better about your own dirty habits .
zip ( * [ iter (s ) ] * n )
I now tend to call this zip / iter thing group .
It came to me in a dream .
itertools.chain(*s )
The “ inverse ” of the above .
I only “ discovered ” this recently .
A good couple of months after the above discovery .
Bound methods of simple values .
Example :
In order to convert a sequence of image samples from perceptual space to linear space we need to raise each one to the power 2.2 :
map ( ( 2.2 ) .__rpow__ , mylist )
« ( 2.2 ) . __rpow__ » is equivalent to the following function :
def f( x ) : return x** 2.2
( as a lambda : « lambda x : x** 2.2 »)
__rpow__ is the swopped version of __pow__ .
Using « ( 2.2 ) .
__pow__ » would be equivalent to « 2.2**x » , which is n’t what I want at all .
Literal string concatenation .
To be honest , I ’ve no idea why this feels a bit naughty to me , but it does .
C has it , so why not in Python ?
Perhaps it ’s because I often end up using it in cases where there are other problems with the code ( this example from PyPNG ) :
raise FormatError ( " Illegal combination of bit depth ( % d ) " " and colour type ( % d ) . " " See http://www.w3.org/TR/2003/REC-PNG-20031110/#table111 . " % ( self.bitdepth , self.color_type ) )
Sometimes I get a bit OCD about this and start removing extraneous string concatenation «+ » operators from other people ’s code .
The split thing that I mentioned in an earlier article .
Here ’s an example from Clear Climate Code :
noaa = " " " ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ghcn/v2/v2.mean.Z
ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ghcn/v2/v2.temperature.inv
ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ushcn/hcn_doe_mean_data.Z
ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ushcn/station.inventory.Z " " " .split ( )
It just seems so much nicer to be able to add a URL to the list without having to add any more syntax ( and in this case , I think I originally created the list by pasting it in from a text file , so using split meant less reformatting ) .
Doing non-trivial things in a module ’s top - level .
Another example from PyPNG :
_signature = struct.pack ( ' 8B ' , 137 , 80 , 78 , 71 , 13 , 10 , 26 , 10 )
This is just a complicated way of writing an 8 - byte literal string .
It ’s written this way so that the crucial 8 bytes are visible as decimal values , and can therefore be checked more easily against the relevant part of the PNG standard which also uses a decimal notation .
Passing a function with side - effects into map .
pipcolour ( an undocumented utility in PyPNG ) counts the number of colours used in an image .
In the code below , pixels is an iterator that yields each row of a PNG image ; the pixels from each row are added to a pre-existing set of colours .
Like this :
col = set ( ) for row in pixels : # Ewgh , side effects on col map ( col.add , png.group ( row , planes ) )
( in this code png.group is the grouping function which is the first item in this article ; for an RGB image , planes is 3 )
Now , it strikes me that I could ’ve gone :
set ( group( itertools.chain ( * pixels ) , planes ) )
but that has radically different memory usage .
The first form only loads one row at a time into its working set ; the second form loads the entire decompressed PNG image into the working set ( it ’s all the fault of « * pixels » ) .
If I was daring enough to require Python 2.6 then I could ’ve used itertools.chain.
from_iterable , but that feels clumsy .
It one of those cases where I feel that Python is unnecessarily forcing me to choose between clarity and efficiency .
I think the above also illustrates a weakness with the sort of delayed evaluation programming that you get when using iterators :
Apparently simple transformations to the code can result in huge changes to the space / time complexity .
This is not a weakness that is unique to Python , any style of delayed evaluation has this risk ( Haskell ’s lazy evaluation , for example ) .
When I was learning Prolog my chief criticism of it ( and I think it ’s still valid ) was that it seemed to be fairly easy to be sure that your program would compute the correct answer , but very difficult to be sure that the answer would appear before the heat death of the universe .
Violating PEP 8 so I can write one - line functions :
def test_gradient_horizontal_lr(x , y ) : return x def test_gradient_horizontal_rl(x , y ) : return 1 - x def test_gradient_vertical_tb(x , y ) : return y def test_gradient_vertical_bt( x , y ) : return 1 - y
Did you spot I did one of those earlier ?
How naughty .
Of course PEP 8 kind of approves of this , because “ a foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds ” which you probably know from PEP 8 but is of course from Ralph Waldo Emerson .
In a curious coincidence I just happen to have a copy of his “ Self - Reliance ” on my desk ; and I checked , he really did say that .
In fact , the fuller quote is much more poetic than I was expecting : “ A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds , adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines . ” .
Indexing with a boolean expression .
Yet another example comes from PyPNG and illustrates how well written it is .
Say you want to create an array of pixel values or you want to pack them into a string ( using struct ) .
If the number of bits per value ( the bitdepth ) is <= 8 then you want to use « array ( ' B ' ) » , otherwise you want « array ( ' H ' ) » .
Select the format like this :
fmt = ' BH'[self.bitdepth >
8 ]
Iverson ’s Convention for the win !
( and it ’s better than PEP 308 because it works on Python 2.4 )
Now , this is naughty : Creating a naughty bit of Python code merely for purposes of this blog article .
Well , that ’s not quite true , I got distracted by some Python code and that code and a stupid idea I had a few days ago clicked together .
The code is witty , but should never be used .
PyPNG allows the caller to specify the zlib compression level as an optional argument when creating a png .
Writer object .
This is the argument to the zlib .
compressobj constructor .
The default ( for PyPNG ) is to use zlib ’s default .
Now it ’s clearly not the business of PyPNG to know what zlib ’s default is , so I do n’t want that appearing in the code .
So the code looks like this :
if self.compression is not None : compressor = zlib.compressobj(self.compression ) else : compressor = zlib.compressobj ( )
Now , what I really want is a way to say « pass in x as an argument , but only if it ’s non None » .
If I had some expression , E , that evaluated to a list that was either the singleton , « [ x ] » , or the empty list « [ ] » then I could get rid of the if and go :
compressor = zlib.compressobj(* E )
« *E » would expand to either the empty argument list , or an argument list with just one argument .
I discovered an E : [ x for x in [ self.compression ] if x is not None ] .
So now the code is :
compressor = zlib.compressobj(*[ x for x in [ self.compression ] if x is not None ] )
Well , the code is n’t really that , I ’m not that much of a monster to check that into source control .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Self replication and nanotechnology
The best survey of self - replication written to date is Kinematic Self - Replicating Machines , a book co-authored by Robert A. Freitas Jr. and Ralph C. Merkle , which describes all proposed and experimentally realized self - replicating systems that were publicly known as of 2004 ranging from nanoscale to macroscale systems , and presents for the first time a detailed 137 - dimensional map of the entire kinematic replicator design space to assist future engineering efforts .
A crucial objective of nanotechnology is to make products inexpensively .
While the ability to make a few very small , very precise molecular machines very expensively would clearly be a major scientific achievement , it would not fundamentally change how we make most products .
If we are to use positional assembly of molecular parts to efficiently build large structures ( kilograms or more ) then we will have to use some form of massive parallelism .
One robotic arm would take forever to build a kilogram - sized object one molecular part at a time , so we 'll need huge numbers of robotic arms working together .
One general approach is to follow nature 's example and design and build self replicating systems ( this is the approach taken by Drexler 's assembler : a small device able to manufacture other assemblers as well as valuable products ) .
A different approach is to seek our inspiration from today 's factories .
This latter approach leads to various forms of convergent assembly .
In convergent assembly , parts are assembled using robotic manufacturing systems , and then those ( now larger ) parts are passed along to other robotic manufacturing systems .
Progressively larger parts are handled by progressively larger robotic arms , letting convergent assembly rapidly manufacture large objects ( meters in size ) starting from small components ( nanometers or molecular in size ) .
It seems most likely that some form of convergent assembly will be the dominant approach used in future molecular manufacturing systems .
Among other advantages , convergent assembly offers a convenient way to flexibly build large components from small parts .
We simply place the parts where we want them to go .
Biologically inspired systems use much more indirect methods to form large complex structures , making them less efficient and more difficult to program .
On the downside , explaining convergent assembly takes more time .
We cannot point to an existing biological example to clarify what we are talking about , but must instead explain a new ( and less familiar ) manufacturing paradigm .
This has slowed understanding of convergent assembly , despite its inherent technical advantages as a manufacturing technology .
This web page focuses on how self replicating systems might be used in manufacturing .
If we did not know that such systems existed , many would argue that they were impossible .
Fortunately , we are surrounded and inspired by products that are marvelously complex and yet very inexpensive .
Potatoes , for example , are made by intricate molecular machines involving tens of thousands of genes , proteins , and other molecular components ; yet the result costs so little that we think nothing of mashing this biological wonder and eating it .
It 's easy to see why potatoes and other agricultural products are so cheap : put a potato in a little moist dirt , provide it with some air and sunlight , and we get more potatoes .
In short , potatoes are self replicating .
Just as the early pioneers of flight took inspiration by watching birds soar effortlessly through the air , so we can take inspiration from nature as we develop molecular manufacturing systems .
Of course , " inspired by " does not mean " copied from . "
Airplanes are very different from birds : a 747 bears only the smallest resemblance to a duck even though both fly .
The artificial self replicating systems that have been envisioned for molecular manufacturing bear about the same degree of similarity to their biological counterparts as a car might bear to a horse .
Horses and cars both provide transportation .
Horses , however , can get their energy from potatoes , corn , sugar , hay , straw , grass , and countless other types of " fuel . "
A car uses only a single artifical and carefully refined source of energy : gasoline .
Putting sugar or straw into its gas tank is not recommended !
The machines that people make tend to be inflexible and brittle in response to changes in their environments .
By contrast , living biological systems are wonderfully flexible and adaptable .
Horses can pick their way along a narrow trail or jump over shrubs ; they get " parts " ( from their food ) in the same flexible way they get energy ; and they have a remarkable self repair ability .
Cars , on the other hand , need roads on which to travel ; have to be provided with odd and very unnatural parts ; are often difficult to repair ( let alone self repairing ! ) ; and in general are simply unable to cope with a complex environment .
They work because we want them to work , and because we can fairly inexpensively provide carefully controlled conditions under which they can perform as we desire .
In the same way , the artifical self replicating systems that are being proposed for molecular manufacturing are inflexible and brittle .
It 's difficult enough to design a system able to self replicate in a controlled environment , let alone designing one that can approach the marvelous adaptibility that hundreds of millions of years of evolution have given to living systems .
Designing a system that uses a single source of energy is both much easier to do and produces a much more efficient system : the horse pays for its ability to eat potatoes when grass is n't available by being less efficient at both .
For artificial systems where we wish to decrease design complexity and increase efficiency , we 'll design the system so that it can handle one source of energy , and handle that one source very well .
Horses can manufacture the many complex proteins and molecules they need from whatever food happens to be around .
Again , they pay for this flexibility by having an intricate digestive system able to break down food into its constituent molecules , and a complex intermediary metabolism able to synthesize whatever they need from whatever they 've got .
Artificial self replicating systems will be both simpler and more efficient if most of this burden is off - loaded : we can give them the odd compounds and unnatural molecular structures that they require in an artifical " feedstock " rather than forcing the device to make everything itself -- a process that is both less efficient and more complex to design .
The mechanical designs proposed for nanotechnology are more reminiscent of a factory than of a living system .
Molecular scale robotic arms able to move and position molecular parts would assemble rather rigid molecular products using methods more familiar to a machine shop than the complex brew of chemicals found in a cell .
Although we are inspired by living systems , the actual designs are likely to owe more to design constraints and our human objectives than to living systems .
Self replication is but one of many abilities that living systems exhibit .
Copying that one ability in an artificial system will be challenge enough without attempting to emulate their many other remarkable abilities .
Complexity of self replicating systems
One conclusion from this body of work is that the design complexity of artificial self replicating systems need not be excessive .
One of the simplest " self replicating systems " ( when executed , it prints itself out on the standard output ) is the following one line C program :
main ( ) {char q=34,n=10,*a= " main ( ) {char q=34,n=10,*a=%c%s%c;printf( a , q , a , q , n ) ; }%c " ; printf ( a , q , a , q , n ) ; }
( From Self - reproducing programs , Byte magazine , August 1980 , page 74 .
Those interested in a deeper understanding of the recursion theorem and its applications are referred to Introduction to the Theory of Computation by Michael Sipser , 1996 , PWS Publishing Company , chapter 6 . )
Another conclusion is that " replicating " systems need not be " self replicating . "
This is best illustrated by exponential assembly , a process by which simple assembly stations on a surface make additional assembly stations on a facing surface .
This process provides exponential growth ( until the surfaces are fully occupied ) , but requires extensive non -" self " supporting infrastructure .
This is in sharp contrast to biological self replication , where self sufficiency in the replicative process is taken for granted .
The following table illustrates the design complexity of several other systems :
Mycoplasma genitalium is the simplest natural living system that can survive on a well defined chemical medium .
Its genomic complexity of 1,160,140 bits ( twice the 580,070 base pairs sequenced by TIGR ) is less than 150 kilobytes -- about one tenth of a typical floppy disk .
TIGR is pursuing the Minimal Genome Project to reduce to a minimum the number of genes required for a simple living system .
( While viruses are simpler they require a living system to infect : they need additional molecular machinery provided in their environment .
For this reason , we exclude them from the table ) .
The primary observation to be drawn from this data is that simpler designs and proposals for self replicating systems both exist and are well within current design capabilities .
The engineering effort required to design systems of such complexity will be significant , but should not be greater than the complexity involved in the design of such existing systems as computers , airplanes , etc .
A recent proposal is " Exponential growth of large self - reproducing machine systems , " by Klaus S. Lackner and C. H. Wendt , Mathl .
Comput .
Modelling Vol. 21 , No. 10 , pages 55 - 81 , 1995 .
One last point : self replication is used here as a means to an end , not as an end in itself .
A system able to make copies of itself but unable to make much of anything else would not be very useful and would not satisfy our objectives .
The purpose of self replication in the context of manufacturing is to permit the low cost replication of a flexible and programmable manufacturing system -- a system which can be reprogrammed to make a very wide range of molecularly precise structures .
This lets us economically build a very wide range of products .
Systems that function in a complex environment
While self replicating systems are the key to low cost , there is no need ( and little desire ) to have such systems function in the outside world .
Instead , in an artificial and controlled environment they can manufacture simpler and more rugged systems that can then be transferred to their final destination .
Medical devices designed to operate in the human body do n't have to self replicate : we can manufacture them in a controlled environment and then inject them into the patient as needed .
The resulting medical device will be simpler , smaller , more efficient and more precisely designed for the task at hand than a device designed to perform the same function and self replicate .
This conclusion should hold generally : optimize device design for the desired function , manufacture the device in an environment optimized for manufacturing , then transport the device from the manufacturing environment to the environment for which it was designed .
A single device able to do everything would be harder to design and less efficient .
Conclusions
This page is part of the nanotechnology web site .
Welcome to the
Sci.Electronics .
Repair FAQ
Galactic Homepage
Welcome to the Sci. Electronics .
Repair Frequently Asked Question(s ) ( or S.E.R FAQ for short ) Home Page .
This site features Samuel M. Goldwasser 's latest and greatest " Notes on the Troubleshooting and Repair of ... " series of comprehensive repair guides for consumer electronics equipment and other household devices .
There is also a great deal of other information of interest to the electronics hobbyist , experimenter , technician , engineer , and possibly even the dentist and poet .
Included are the now quite comprehensive and massive " Sam's Laser FAQ " , many new schematics , and links to over 1,000 technology related sites .
In addition , there are a variety of documents from other sources on electronics troubleshooting , repair , and other related topics .
If you know of something that is incorrect or missing from this site or simply have comments , friendly complaints , requests , or additions , please make use of the absolutely and positively fabulous or see the Email Page to identify the most appropriate recipient .
Thanks !
Sci.Electronics .
Repair FAQ Search on Drexel Mirror Site
The following provides a fast search facility but is currently only present on the S.E.R FAQ mirror site at Drexel University which is maintained up to date almost daily .
Search the entire Sci. Electronics .
Repair FAQ for More Search Options
Sci.Electronics .
Repair FAQ
Sites
Please check the Home and Mirror Site Locations page to identify the best site for your needs .
This is important for several reasons :
Not all of these Web sites have the same collection of documents or the same versions of these documents .
Accessing a site near your physical position on this planet ( or elsewhere ) should help to minimize Net traffic and hopefully reduce your World Wide Wait . :-)
This will also help to distribute the load among the sites ( excessive load was what caused our former RepairFAQ.org ISP to implode ) .
Sam's Laser FAQ
Sam's Laser FAQ - A Practical Guide to Lasers for Experimenters and Hobbyists .
Silicon Sam's Technology Resource ( SSTR )
This collection is also available at many sites worldwide .
As above , check the Home and Mirror Site Locations page to identify the best site for your needs .
Please Read at Least Once
In return for this gold mine of information , please make a serious effort to find the answers to your questions before contacting me .
It may take just a wee bit of effort and could stress a few neurons in the process , but there is an excellent chance that what you seek is covered at these sites .
Should you be really stuck , I will respond to email in a timely manner .
However , if your question indicates that you have n't even gotten past the Main Menu , AND I am in a good mood , you will get a somewhat polite reply to read the # $ %& FAQs .
On the other hand , if it is a bad day , and you are really really lucky , you will probably be ignored .
In any case , I expect to be able to hit the reply key for my mail program and not get bounced email .
I will not attempt to unjumble any anti-SPAM email addresses !
I have posted over 20,000 articles to the USENET newsgroups using my true email address .
( And , you wo n't pick up SPAM via private email anyhow . )
Yes , SPAM is a pain but I tolerate the small amount I get so others will not be inconvenienced .
Note : I NEVER send email attachments .
If you receive a message supposedly from one of my addresses with any sort of attachment , it is bogus and possibly a virus .
Someone 's address book includes my address and their computer is infected .
Send me the complete headers and I 'll attempt to check it out , or just delete it .
Where you have a model specific repair question , it will probably be more expedient to post a complete but concise description of your problem including manufacturer , model , symptoms , and what you have already tried , directly to the USENET newsgroup : sci.electronics.repair .
I really do n't have access to that much model specific service information - and that is probably what I will tell you to do anyway !
See the document : Troubleshooting and Repair of Consumer Electronic Equipment for more information .
Or , consult a Tech - Tips database to see if your specific problem has already been solved a million times .
See the document : On - Line Tech - Tips Databases .
If you know of something that is incorrect or missing from this site or simply have comments , friendly complaints , requests , or additions , please make use of the absolutely and positively fabulous
ETH Zurich researchers have shown that mosses and humans share unexpected common characteristics .
These evolutionary relics could be useful in the production of therapeutic proteins .
At first glance , mosses and human beings have little in common .
The moss Physcomitrella patens is small , pale green , immobile , and uses sunlight as its energy source .
Humans are large , mobile , and need to obtain energy by eating vegetable or animal foods .
Transferring mammalian genes into moss
This made the result of the experiments carried out by researchers in the group led by Martin Fussenegger , Professor of Chemical and Bioengineering at ETH Zurich , all the more astonishing .
In collaboration with researchers at the University of Freiburg im Breisgau , the PhD student Marc Gitzinger carried out tests to see what happens when unmodified human or mammalian genes are inserted into the moss genome .
They transferred the foreign , unmodified genes into the moss and discovered that the moss was easily able to manufacture the proteins encoded therein .
This cannot be taken for granted , since the same process does not work when a mammalian gene is implanted into what are known as “ higher ” flowering plants .
The reason is that sections of the start and finish sequences of the genes of animals , plants , fungi and bacteria are considerably different .
They are responsible for ensuring that a gene in the organism is recognized as such , and the proteins encoded by it are produced in the correct amount and are released from the cell .
The more remote the relationship between living organisms , the greater the difference between these sequences .
This is why biotechnologists must normally adapt them to a foreign organism before transplanting a gene into it .
The researchers were astonished to find that this was not necessary in the case of the moss .
Moss as a generalist
The explanation given for this by Ralf Reski , Professor of Plant Biotechnology at the University of Freiburg im Breisgau , is that the moss has remained a generalist .
It underwent the last major modification about 450 million years ago when it changed from living in water to a life on land , adapting to the new living conditions and then remaining unaltered for millions of years , both in its appearance and at a genetic level .
The process used by the moss to produce its proteins is less sophisticated than in “ higher ” organisms .
In contrast to the moss , these latter organisms underwent major further developments and specializations over the course of 450 million years .
On the other hand , the moss clearly retained – for millions of years – the ability to read foreign genes such as those from mammals and thus also from humans , and to translate them into proteins , probably without ever having made any use of this capability during these 450 million years .
A cost -effective alternative to mammalian cells
Today , the moss Physcomitrella patens and its ability to manufacture mammalian proteins could help to satisfy the large worldwide demand for therapeutic proteins .
One well - known example is insulin , which enables diabetics to control their blood sugar level .
Nowadays , therapeutic proteins are mainly manufactured in mammalian cells , which are very expensive to culture .
They need to be maintained at body temperature with a continuous supply of nutrients and oxygen , and the production process is costly .
At present , global production capacity cannot match the demand .
Because of the difficulties involved in handling them , production is possible only in industrialized countries .
In contrast , the moss Physcomitrella patens is comparatively undemanding .
It needs water , a couple of nutrient salts and some light to allow it to flourish and produce proteins .
This makes it convenient and simple to handle in a bioreactor , and , in the future , it might enable even less developed nations to satisfy their requirement for therapeutic proteins .
However , further research will be needed before the moss can be used to produce therapeutic proteins on an industrial scale .
MUSIC NEWS - Nine Inch Nails frontman TRENT REZNOR today noted that the band 's performance Sunday ( early AM ) at the Bonnaroo Music Festival was their last in the US .
The band performed in the early morning hours after the 3hr Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band set .
" It just dawned on me that this is our last show ever in the United States , " Reznor said around 2 am ; " Do n't be sad .
I 'll keep going .
But I think I 'm going to lose my " mind " if I keep doing this , and I have to stop . "
Recently , Reznor also announced via Twitter that he was backing out of the social media world .
Nine Inch Nails just completed a USA tour with Jane 's Addiction as part of the NIN / JA tour .
The tour itinerary brings them next to Europe and Asia as part of the 33 date , " Wave Goodbye " tour which will end on August 12th .
The farewell NIN tour commenorates the 20th anniversary of the release of their first album , " Pretty Hate Machine . "
Wednesday had to be a day that provoked no shortages of high fives and chortles ( and , dare I say , a full - throated guffaw or two ) over at the DNC , DCCC and the DSCC .
First , in the early afternoon , the long - awaited resolution came forth from the Republican Party 's grand poobahs .
They felt the compelling need to sound the alarm .
I do n't know if you 've heard , but apparently the Democrats are closet SOCIALISTS !!!!
" Resolved , that we the members of the Republican National Committee recognize that the Democratic Party is dedicated to restructuring American society along socialist ideals "
Because nothing has moved the American people more in the last three years than jumping up and down , pointing at Democrats , and screaming " Be afraid ... BE...VERY ... AFRAID !! "
But the real joy for Team Blue had to come in the form of a CNN poll that was released within hours of the GOP 's compulsion to go all Paul Revere on us , warning Americans about the inherent dangers of the Democratic Party :
Would ( Name of Entity Here ) 's Policies Push The Nation In The Right or The Wrong Direction ?
BARACK OBAMA : 63 % Right Direction 35 % Wrong Direction
DEMOCRATS IN CONGRESS : 57 % Right Direction 40 % Wrong Direction
REPUBLICANS IN CONGRESS : 39 % Right Direction 57 % Wrong Direction
That 's right , kids .
Even with the metric ton of feces that have been thrown in Nancy Pelosi 's direction , even with Harry Reid being ... well ...
Harry Reid , Americans prefer Democratic policies guiding this country to GOP policies guiding this country by a 3 - to - 2 ratio .
This one cannot be attributed to a few really positive news cycles , because let 's face it : the news cycles lately have not been all that fawning .
This is , for the moment , a conscious decision on the part of the American people .
The only thing that would have made the day complete was if the Republican Party leaders overruled Steele ( not like they have n't done THAT move before ) and went ahead with their master plan to start calling the Democratic Party the " Democrat Socialist Party . "
People are also raising chickens for their eggs .
At Ferestien Feed & Farm Supply in Foxborough , orders for baby chicks have increased from last year , says Robert Ferestien .
This month Codman Community Farms in Lincoln offered classes on keeping laying hens in a backyard .
Raising poultry is prohibited in Boston proper , as it is in many cities ; efforts to change these laws are cropping up everywhere from Arlington to Philadelphia to Provo , Utah .
Gardening is on the rise across the board .
A National Gardening Association study ( sponsored by the Scotts Miracle - Gro Co. ) found that 43 million US households plan to grow their own food this year , up 19 percent from 2008 .
At the seed company Burpee , says spokeswoman Kristin Grilli , " We are noticing a huge increase .
We started noticing it last summer when food prices went up , but this year as of March , sales for vegetables are up 30 percent over last year 's growth . "
The normal growth rate is 10 to 15 percent a year , she says .
" This year almost every garden has a waiting list , " says Valerie Burns , president of Boston Natural Areas Network , which acts as a clearinghouse for the 3,000 community garden plots in the city .
" People have the gardening craze , absolutely .
We knew it when we started to get calls about plots in January .
We usually start to hear in March . "
This year brings a set of circumstances - a recession , health scares stemming from the food supply , interest in eating locally , a garden on the White House lawn - that has an increasing number of people thinking about producing their own food .
City dwellers are no exception .
Reardon , a mother of two who teaches literacy at the Boston Renaissance charter school , has room to garden in her yard , and the family is in the process of purchasing the property next door .
They have the soil tested for contamination before planting and raised beds are another way to ensure safety .
Much urban production is catch - as - catch - can : on fire escapes and decks , in containers in tiny yards , wherever there 's light to coax a seed to sprout .
Community garden plots , too , offer a fertile patch in the midst of concrete .
" It is incredibly satisfying , " she says .
" There 's the whole mystery and magic of planting the seed .
Then there 's the taste of things you 've just picked and grown . "
Flavia Graf Reardon is growing things .
Lots of things .
In the garden she shares with her husband , Tim , there are onions , leeks , carrots , peas , rhubarb , kale , collards , spinach , broccoli rabe , salad greens , raspberries , two kinds of cherries , currants , gooseberries , and many varieties of herbs .
Far from rural , this homestead is a few blocks from Egleston Square on the Jamaica Plain / Roxbury line , where you 're as likely to hear bass thumping from the cars on nearby Washington Street as crickets .
It should come as no surprise that interest stems in part from the economy :
For mere chicken feed , one can have a steady supply of fresh eggs and vegetables .
Indeed , the National Gardening Association survey found that 54 percent of people cite saving money on food bills as a reason for growing their own .
Yet it is n't the main motivating factor .
Survey respondents also said they were doing it to have better - tasting food ( 58 percent ) , better - quality food ( 51 percent ) , and food they know is safe ( 48 percent ) .
Some wanted to get back to basics ( 25 percent ) or live more locally ( 22 percent ) .
This is more than a trend , says Cornelia Hoskin , who helps run Homegrown.org , an online community founded by Farm Aid .
" I would absolutely call this a movement , a cultural shift , even .
It 's the desire to have a real , authentic connection to what is in your life , be it your food or your clothing or things you make a home with .
The popularity of crafting and canning and all these things - we 're going back to these rural arts .
It 's what your grandmother did , and we 've lost that connection to slowing down and taking care in what we do in our lives . "
There 's historical precedent for this activity .
Victory gardens were considered morale boosters as well as civic duties during World War I and II .
In the '60s and ' 70s , people sought refuge in the back - to - the - land movement .
Today , there 's a new element in the mix : the Internet .
People who want to learn how to keep bees or start composting only have to log on .
They will find sites about raising chickens in the city , groups discussing heirloom seeds and home canning , and instructional videos such as those at GardenGirlTV.com , hosted by Patti Moreno , who has turned her Roxbury property into a mini-farm .
" Back in the '70s , when people went back to the land , they went off and built cabins and started gardens , and it was very isolating , " says Carleen Madigan , editor of the new book " The Backyard Homestead . "
" I 've been reading a lot of blogs that people keep , just telling about the kinds of experiments they 're doing , what they 're trying in their own little yards .
It creates this virtual community . "
Mark Cutler , a manager at Mahoney 's Garden Center in Brighton , says he is seeing an uptick in questions from gardening novices .
" More and more people are freely admitting they do n't know anything about gardens and this is their first time trying , " he says .
" It 's all linked into the organic movement and the green movement . "
In some parts of the country , generally those with longer growing seasons , people are trying to produce the bulk of their own food , often chronicling their journeys online .
In New England , our goals tend to be more modest .
" Homesteading is out of reach for most people , " Hoskin says .
" We 'd love to have 50 acres in Vermont , but how are we going to make a living and when are we going to see our friends ?
So I can't build a stone wall , but I can make preserves from strawberries I get at the farmers ' market .
It 's a piece of a lifestyle that connects back to the earth . "
That can be reward enough .
" There 's a picture we have of Martina , who is 3 years old , holding a 3 - quart bowl completely full of raspberries , " Reardon says of her daughter .
" You could never buy that many .
It would cost like $ 100 .
It just gives you a feeling of real wealth having an excess of delicious things that take time and care to grow . "
Devra First can be reached at dfirst@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
SLEEPY EYE , Minnesota ( CNN ) -- A 13 - year - old Minnesota boy whose family has rejected chemotherapy to treat his cancer is with his mother near Los Angeles , California , and they may be planning to travel to Mexico , authorities said Wednesday .
Doctors say Daniel Hauser 's lymphoma responded well to a first round of chemotherapy in February .
Brown County Sheriff Rich Offmann cited " reliable information " in making the announcement to reporters , adding that Colleen Hauser may be seeking treatment for her son's lymphoma just south of San Diego , California , in Mexico .
" I'm confident we will find them , " Offmann said .
" I 'm hoping for Daniel 's sake we will find them . "
Anthony Hauser , Colleen 's husband and the boy 's father , has been cooperating with law enforcement , Offmann said .
Earlier Wednesday the boy 's father said he believed his son and his wife had already left the country .
" I will say this : I have left a call to where I think they could possibly be , " Anthony Hauser said from his home in Sleepy Eye , Minnesota , about 85 miles southwest of Minneapolis .
Asked whether he believes that they have gone to Canada , he said , " I 'm not saying it 's Canada .
You know , that is n't where I left my call . "
He made his comments a day after a Minnesota judge issued an arrest warrant for Colleen Hauser , who failed to appear with the boy at a court hearing .
A judge scheduled the hearing to review an X - ray ordered by the court to assess whether Daniel Hauser 's Hodgkin 's lymphoma was worsening .
A doctor testified at the hearing that the X - ray showed " significant worsening . "
In a news release , the Brown County Sheriff 's Office said the father had been " cooperative " in helping them find his son but added , " the investigators cannot speculate on the sincerity of the information that Anthony Hauser has provided . "
The sheriff 's office has been in touch with the FBI , and the boy has been entered in the Missing and Exploited Children network , it said .
Anthony Hauser testified at the hearing that he last saw his wife at the family 's farm on Monday night , when she told him she was going to leave " for a time . "
He later said he would like his wife and son to return .
" I 'd like to tell them , you know , ' Come back and be safe and be a family again , ' " he said .
" That 's what I 'd like to tell them . "
Watch father urge the pair to come back »
District Judge John R. Rodenberg of Brown County , Minnesota , said the boy's " best interests " require him to receive medical care .
His family opposes the proposed course of treatment , which includes chemotherapy .
" It is imperative that Daniel receive the attention of an oncologist as soon as possible , " the judge wrote .
During Tuesday 's hearing , Dr. James Joyce testified that he had seen the boy and his mother on Monday at his office .
He said the boy had " an enlarged lymph node " near his right clavicle and that the X - ray showed " significant worsening " of a mass in his chest .
In addition , the boy complained of " extreme pain " at the site where a port had been inserted to deliver an initial round of chemotherapy .
The pain was " most likely caused by the tumor or mass pressing on the port , " testified Joyce , who called the X - ray " fairly dramatic " evidence that the cancer was worsening .
Watch CNN's Dr. Gupta discuss Daniel 's chances »
Rodenberg ordered custody of the boy transferred to Brown County Family Services and issued a contempt order for the mother .
Philip Elbert , Daniel 's court - appointed attorney , said he considers his client to have a " diminished capacity " for reasons of his age and the illness and that he thinks Daniel should be treated by a cancer specialist .
Elbert added that he does not think Daniel -- who , according to court papers , cannot read -- has enough information to make an informed decision regarding his treatment .
Daniel 's symptoms of persistent cough , fatigue and swollen lymph nodes were diagnosed in January as Hodgkin 's lymphoma .
In February , the cancer responded well to an initial round of chemotherapy , but the treatment 's side effects concerned the boy 's parents , who then opted not to pursue further chemo and instead sought out other medical opinions .
Court documents show that doctors estimated the boy 's chance of five - year remission with more chemotherapy and possibly radiation at 80 percent to 95 percent .
But the family opted for a holistic medical treatment based upon Native American healing practices called Nemenhah and rejected further treatment .
In a written statement issued last week , an attorney for the parents said they " believe that the injection of chemotherapy into Danny Hauser amounts to an assault upon his body , and torture when it occurs over a long period of time . "
Medical ethicists say parents generally have a legal right to make decisions for their children , but there is a limit .
" You have a right , but not an open - ended right , " Arthur Caplan , director of the center for bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania , said last week .
" You ca n't compromise the life of your child . "
CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .
All About Cancer • Minnesota
Previously , I have featured David Pache of Dache on WDW , an amazing logo designer from Switzerland .
He is known for designing unique and colorful logos .
I ’m very glad to have David to share his design process of the WebMYnd ’s logo .
This case study ( written by David himself ) provides full creative brief and progress images from start to final .
Read on to find out how David got inspired by Wassily Kandinsky ‘s art ( one of the most famous 20th - century abstract artists ) to create this fantastic logo .
Introduction
Last year , I was approached by a startup who required a logo in order to launch a business in the US .
The WebMYnd team were 3 MIT and Cambridge University graduates who were very passionate about their product .
They had acquired seed funding from ycombinator an outfit which picks enterprises to back and who have an excellent track record .
WebMYnd have a product which is a plugin for your browser that turns your web browsing into an extension of your own memory .
it allows you to keep a copy of everything you look at on the web , and then allows you to search actual page images and text when you need to remember something again .
The creative brief
The main aspect of their brief was to create an identity which would communicate the idea of collecting everything you look at on the web in one place and to inspire the idea of extending your memory .
They wanted to make a tool that people would prefer to use in place of the old fashioned way of bookmarking and tagging websites .
They also wanted the logo , or some element of it , as a button to indicate when the plugin was in use therefore colour was of great importance .
Getting started
Initially , I took the brief at face value and brainstormed some ideas .
I wanted to create a concept using the initial from WebMYnd and the first concept which was produced as as follows .
The simple lines created an abstract reference to a brain ( an idea which the client had experimented with but did not like the appearance of a brain .
This design captures the essence of a brain but at the same time forming a ‘ W ’ .
This concept was discontinued however as the ‘ W ’ was not clear enough and it did not have the presence that the client was looking to achieve .
I therefore focused on colour and did some research for inspiration .
I am a great fan of the works of Wassily Kandinsky , a Russian artist , printmaker and theorist .
One of the most famous 20th century , Kandinsky has been credited with painting the first modern abstract works .
Below is one of these works from which I took inspiration as to the colour palette which may suit the WebMYnd logo .
The use of colour is broad yet it is not offensive on the eye and stands out enough to intrigue the audience .
This is what I wanted to achieve so all I needed now was the correct design to show these colours .
Drafting and development
I consulted the client and the idea of creating a monogram using the ‘ W ’ and the ‘ M ’ was decided on to take the project forward .
Below are my initial sketches .
The first of these above gave the best line to work with however I did not like the linear aspect as I would be unable to use enough variation of colour within a single lined image .
Below are my developments of the first idea into a two dimensional concept and intersecting these shapes with differing elements to allow me to fill with colour .
After some re-drafting of one of the concepts , i decided on a wholly symmetrical design where the ‘ W ’ mirrored the ‘ M ’ therefore I transferred the design to the Dot Grid Book below .
As the design had four elements which were identical in design , I was able to just concentrate on one element which could be copied and rotated at a later stage using the computer software .
Colours
Once the four elements were plotted and finalised , I looked at possible colours .
Below are some combinations which I experimented with .
I finally decided on the colour scheme below using quite vibrant colours to create a presence but trying not to use garish tones which would offend the eye of the audience .
Final colour placement and concept presentation
I tried many combinations .
When dealing wit the use of colour in this quantity , it is a case of trying until you find the right solution .
Below is the finished design which was selected by the client .
Delivery and feedback
The client initially loved the concept and used it for a number of months however after some further discussion between themselves , they decided to choose a different design to move forward with however they still retain the rights to the design , should they wish to implement it in the future .
I would like to thank the creators of WebMYnd and wish them every success for the future .
It was a pleasure to work on this project and this design is one of the more popular with clients when they see my portfolio .
Of course , I welcome any comments regarding this specific article or my design process in general .
Thanks and enjoy !
Credits
This case study is written by David Pache .
Want to submit your article to Web Designer Wall ?
Please contact me .
A substantial majority of Americans say President Obama has not developed a strategy to deal with the budget deficit , according to the latest New York Times / CBS News poll , which also found that support for his plans to overhaul health care , rescue the auto industry and close the prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , falls well below his job approval ratings .
A distinct gulf exists between Mr. Obama ’s overall standing and how some of his key initiatives are viewed , with fewer than half of Americans saying they approve of how he has handled health care and the effort to save General Motors and Chrysler .
A majority of people said his policies have had either no effect yet on improving the economy or had made it worse , underscoring how his political strength still rests on faith in his leadership rather than concrete results .
As Mr. Obama finishes his fifth month in office and assumes greater ownership of the problems he inherited , Americans are alarmed by the hundreds of billions of dollars that have been doled out to boost the economy .
A majority said the government should instead focus on reducing the federal deficit .
But with a job approval rating of 63 percent , Mr. Obama has the backing of Democrats and independents alike , a standing that many presidents would envy and try to use to build support for their policies .
His rating has fallen to 23 percent among Republicans , from 44 percent in February , a sign that bridging the partisan divide may remain an unaccomplished goal .
Read this post here
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : direct action , iran , Israel
Here is an early peek at Project Trico , Team ICO ’s third game for the PlayStation family of consoles .
These are very early screenshots , and some elements you see here may not make it to the final product .
Stay tuned , we have more to come !
Related : Team ICO ’s Project Trico HD Trailer
Witnesses estimated the age of the four men at between 18 and 25
Enlarge Image
Hardline Islamists in Somalia have carried out double amputations on four men for stealing phones and guns .
They have each had a hand and foot cut off after being convicted by a Sharia court in the capital earlier this week .
More then 300 people , mainly women and children , watched as masked men cut off their limbs with machetes .
The four men reportedly admitted to the robberies , but were not represented by a lawyer and were not allowed to appeal against their sentence .
The al - Shabab group , which controls much of southern Somalia , has carried out amputations , floggings and an execution in the port of Kismayo but such punishments are rare in the capital .
' Help , help , help ! ' one of them shouted
Eyewitness Mohamed Abdi
Somali justice - Islamist - style
The amputations were carried out in the open in front of an al - Shabab military camp in the north - east of Mogadishu .
A local resident said the four men cried out during and after the amputations .
Each man had his right hand and left foot cut off .
" ' Help , help , help ! ' one of them shouted , " Mohamed Abdi told the BBC .
Eyewitnesses estimate the age of the four men - Aden Mohamud , Ismail Khalif , Jeylani Mohamed , and Abdulkadir Adow - to be between 18 and 25 .
Mr Abdi said the whole process took about an hour to complete .
' Torture ' Human rights lobby group Amnesty International has condemned the amputations .
" These punishments amount to torture , " said Tawanda Hondora , Amnesty 's Africa deputy director .
Somali president calls emergency Should troops enter Somalia ?
The group says that committing torture could amount to a war crime .
After the four were sentenced to double amputations on Monday , mosques in the area announced through their loud speakers that the amputations would take place at 0800 local time on Thursday .
Al - Shabab spokesman Ali Mohamud Rage told journalists that the amputations were a warning to all thieves .
" If they are caught red - handed in similar circumstances , they will face amputation , " he said .
He also said al - Shabab would look after the welfare of the amputees .
On Monday , the court had said it was too hot for the sentence to be carried out on that day as an amputation in such conditions could lead the accused to bleed to death .
The punishments carried out in Kismayo have shocked many Somalis , who traditionally practise a more tolerant form of Islam than al - Shabab 's strict Wahabi interpretation .
Onlookers at the amputation in Mogadishu on Thursday declined to comment when asked for their reaction .
President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , a moderate Islamist , took office in January but even his introduction of Sharia law to the strongly Muslim country has not appeased the hardliners .
The government has not carried out any amputations under its version of Sharia .
Since 7 May , al - Shabab and its allies have been locked in ferocious battles with pro-government forces .
The president has declared a state of emergency and has appealed to Somalia 's neighbours to send troops to help .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A central Florida man who was charged Tuesday with several counts of possession of illegal steroids and firearms is claiming that he has sold performance - enhancing drugs to Washington Nationals and Capitals players .
Richard Thomas boasted about selling steroids to professional baseball , hockey and football players , saying , “ You name the sport , and I ’ve sold steroids to athletes who play it , ” the Polk County Sheriff ’s Office said .
Authorities said Thomas did n’t name specific players , and they have no evidence he sold to members of those teams .
Investigators who searched Thomas ’ house in Lakeland on Tuesday recovered thousands of anabolic steroid pills , injectable liquids and syringes with an estimated wholesale value of $ 100,000 , said Carrie Eleazer , a spokeswoman with the sheriff ’s office .
They also found several weapons , including loaded semiautomatic handguns .
Capitals players passed three rounds of drug tests during each of the past two seasons , and neither the team nor officials from the National Hockey League had reason to believe Thomas ’s claims , the league and the team said in a joint release Wednesday .
A spokesman for Major League Baseball , which also randomly tests for steroids , said the organization is looking into the matter .
A message seeking comment was n’t immediately returned by the Nationals .
Thomas told detectives he imported steroids from all around the world , including Iran , Pakistan , Slovakia , Russia , China , Turkey , Spain , Mexico and Germany .
The sheriff ’s office said both Thomas and his wife were semiprofessional body builders , and that he claimed to be the largest steroids dealer in central Florida .
“ He was very boastful , ” Eleazer said .
Firefox fans are up in arms after a recent Microsoft software update silently installed a Firefox extension that is difficult to remove .
Users agreeing to install a service pack for the .NET Framework ( NET Framework 3.5 Service Pack 1 ) through Windows update were also pushed a Firefox add - on that is potentially difficult to remove once applied .
This add - on - Microsoft .NET Framework Assistant - enables .NET apps to be installed with one click .
Annoyances.org , a Windows gripes site , reports that the update slaps IE - style behaviour on Firefox users , specifically the " ability for Web sites to easily and quietly install software on your PC " .
Many Mozilla users might take umbrage to that in principle , even though there 's no evidence of attacks in practice ; but simply uninstalling early versions of the unwanted extra via Firefox 's handy Add - ons interface is not possible because the uninstall button is disabled .
This is because the update installs itself for all users of a machine , while the Firefox GUI only manages add - ons for a single profile at a time .
Users have to open up the bonnet of their PC and change settings in RegEdit to remove the potentially unwanted add - on .
Microsoft updated the extension so that it worked on a per-user basis through an update to the Microsoft .NET Framework Assistant issued last month .
This software tweak makes the add - on easier to remove .
The original update came out in February , but the behaviour passed the media by before it was picked up in stories by the Washington Post ( here ) , Slashdot and elsewhere over the weekend .
That such tomfoolery could have lain largely unnoticed for so long raises question about whether other Microsoft updates of the past might also have fiddled around with Firefox settings . ®
The Selectors API recommendation , published by the W3C , is a relatively new effort that gives JavaScript developers the ability to find DOM elements on a page using CSS selectors .
This single API takes the complicated process of traversing and selecting elements from the DOM and unifies it under a simple unified interface .
Out of all the recent work to come out of the standards process this is one of the better - supported efforts across all browsers : Usable today in Internet Explorer 8 , Chrome , and Safari and arriving in Firefox 3.5 and Opera 10 .
Using querySelectorAll
The Selectors API provides two methods on all DOM documents , elements , and fragments : querySelector and querySelectorAll .
The methods work virtually identically , they both accept a CSS selector and return the resulting DOM elements ( the exception being that querySelector only returns the first element ) .
For example , given the following HTML snippet :
First paragraph .
Second paragraph .
We would be able to use querySelectorAll to make the background of all the paragraphs , inside the div with the ID of ‘ id ’ , red .
var p = document.querySelectorAll ( " #id p " ) ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < p.length ; i++ ) { p[i].style.backgroundColor = " red " ; }
Or we could find the first child paragraph of a div that has a class of ' class ' and give it a class name of ' first ' .
document.querySelector(" div.class > p:first - child " ) .className = " first " ;
Normally these types of traversals would be very tedious in long - form JavaScript / DOM code , taking up multiple lines and queries each .
While the actual use of the Selectors API methods is relatively simple ( each taking a single argument ) the challenging part comes in when choosing which CSS selectors to use .
The Selectors API taps in to the native CSS selectors provided by the browser , for use in styling elements with CSS .
For most browsers ( Firefox , Safari , Chrome , and Opera ) this means that you have access to the full gamut of CSS 3 selectors .
Internet Explorer 8 provides a more - limited subset that encompasses CSS 2 selectors ( which are still terribly useful ) .
The biggest hurdle , for most new users to the Selectors API , is determining which CSS selectors are appropriate for selecting the elements that you desire - especially since most developers who write cross - browser code only have significant experience with a limited subset of fully - working CSS 1 selectors .
While the CSS 2 and CSS 3 selector specifications can serve as a good start for learning more about what 's available to you there also exist a number of useful guides for learning more :
Implementations in the Wild
The most compelling use case of the Selectors API is not its direct use by web developers , but its use by 3rd - party libraries that already provide DOM CSS selector functionality .
The trickiest problem towards adopting the use of the Selectors API , today , is that it is n't available in all browsers that users develop for ( this includes IE 6 , IE 7 and Firefox 3 ) .
Thus , until those browsers are no longer used , we must use some intermediary utility to recreate the full DOM CSS selector experience .
Thankfully , a number of libraries already exist that provide an API compatible with the Selectors API ( in fact , much of the inspiration for the Selectors API comes from the existence of these libraries in the first place ) .
Additionally , many of these implementations already use the Selectors API behind the scenes .
This means that you can use using DOM CSS selectors in all browsers that you support AND get the benefit of faster performance from the native Selectors API implementation , with no work to you .
Some existing implementations that gracefully use the new Selectors API are :
It 's important to emphasize the large leap in performance that you 'll gain from using this new API ( in comparison to the traditional mix of DOM and JavaScript that you must employ ) .
You can really see the difference when you look at the improvement that occurred when JavaScript libraries began to implement the new Selectors API .
When some tests were run previously the results were as follows :
You can see the dramatic increase in performance that occurred once the libraries began using the native Selectors API implementations - it 's quite likely that this performance increase will happen in your applications , as well .
Test Suite
To coincide with the definition of the Selectors API specification a Selectors API test suite was created by John Resig of Mozilla .
This test suite can be used as a way to determine the quality of the respective Selectors API implementations in the major browsers .
The current results for the browsers that support the API are :
Firefox 3.5 : 99.3 %
Safari 4 : 99.3 %
Chrome 2 : 99.3 %
Opera 10b1 : 97.5 %
Internet Explorer 8 : 47.4 %
Internet Explorer 8 , as mentioned before , is missing most CSS 3 selectors - thus failing most of the associated tests .
As it stands , the Selectors API should serve as a simple , and fast , way of selecting DOM elements on a page .
It 's already benefiting those who use JavaScript libraries that provide similar functionality so feel free to dig in today and give the API a try .
Fake Receipts
For all of you who want to scam your company ’s expense reimbursement system .
I ’ve heard of sites where you give them a range of dates and a city , and they give you a full set of receipts for a trip to that city : airfare , hotel , meals , everything — but I ca n’t find a website .
Posted on June 26 , 2009 at 1:16 PM • 53 Comments
The Pirate Bay has been sold — and the new owners plan to make it a legal service that allows " content providers and copyright owners [ to ] get paid for content that is downloaded via the site . "
Global Gaming Factory X AB , a Swedish firm that runs Internet cafes and game centers , plans to buy The Pirate Bay for 60 million kronor , twice the fine that was slapped on The Pirate Bay defendants by a Stockholm court earlier this year .
" The Pirate Bay is a site that is among the top 100 most visited Internet sites in the world , " said GGF CEO Hans Pandeya .
" However , in order to live on , The Pirate Bay requires a new business model , which satisfies the requirements and needs of all parties , content providers , broadband operators , end users , and the judiciary .
Content creators and providers need to control their content and get paid for it .
File sharers need faster downloads and better quality . "
Not that the file - sharers in questions are necessarily pleased with the move ; Peter Sunde Kolmisoppi , one of the site admins , has been battling Twitter criticism all day ( what we 'll call " Twit crit " ) , and shows signs of obvious fatigue with the entire Pirate Bay saga .
" People hate me now for wanting to pause the six year free work we 've been doing .
Feels unfair , " he wrote .
" We have no energy left , " says another message , and a third reads , " We 've been fighting for five years .
Where 's the thanks ? "
GGF 's acquisition of the site will only be confirmed after the company board decides that " the acquired assets can be used in a legally [ sic ] and appropriate way . "
If it does so , GGF will take over thepiratebay.org domain in August .
IFPI , the global music trade group , tells
Ars that it is cautiously optimistic about the deal .
" We do n't know the details and there are many questions to ask about how this will work in practice , but we would be delighted if this resulted in the Pirate Bay turning into a legitimate licensed service , " said CEO John Kennedy .
In addition to The Pirate Bay assets , GGF will acquire Swedish company Peerialism , which has developed a " new data distribution technology " that is also backwards - compatible with BitTorrent .
The Peerialism code will form the basis for the new version of The Pirate Bay ,
While The Pirate Bay name comes mired in legal uncertainty , it 's still one of the world 's best known domains , and GGF is acquiring it for under $ 8 million — a bargain if it really does have a workable plan for crafting a P2P version of iTunes out of the site .
What do The Pirate Bay admins have to say about the sale ?
Here 's their statement , worth quoting at length :
TPB is being sold for a great bit underneath its value if the money would be the interesting part .
It 's not .
The interesting thing is that the right people with the right attitude and possibilities keep running the site .
As all of you know , there 's not been much news on the site for the past two - three years .
It 's the same site essentially .
On the internets , stuff dies if it does n't evolve .
We do n't want that to happen .
We 've been working on this project for many years .
It 's time to invite more people into the project , in a way that is secure and safe for everybody .
We need that , or the site will die .
And letting TPB die is the last thing that is allowed to happen !
If the new owners will screw around with the site , nobody will keep using it .
That 's the biggest insurance one can have that the site will be run in the way that we all want to .
And - you can now not only share files but shares with people .
Everybody can indeed be the owner of The Pirate Bay now .
That 's awesome and will take the heat of us .
The old crew is still around in different ways .
We will also not stop being active in the politics of the internets - quite the opposite .
Now we 're fueling up for going into the next gear .
TPB will have economical muscles to let people evolve it .
It will team up with great technicians to evolve the protocols .
And we , the people interested in more than just technology , will have the time to focus on that .
It 's win - win - win .
The profits from the sale will go into a foundation that is going to help with projects about freedom of speech , freedom of information and the openess of the nets .
I hope everybody will help out in that and realize that this is the best option for all .
Do n't worry - be happy !
While content owners are sometimes derided even for attempting to shut down sites like The Pirate Bay and AllofMP3.com , the last few years have shown us that relentless legal and political pressure can in fact reduce such hubs to shells of their former selves .
The music industry has now realized the mistake it made in not cutting a deal with Napster a decade ago .
Perhaps , with the change of direction at The Pirate Bay , all sides have a second chance to create an innovative P2P service that pays the artists and rightsholders who want to get paid ( and offers fast distribution of all that other material musicians like Trent Reznor release freely ) .
Listing image by Photo by Tom
What makes DJEEP
the Ultimate lighter
The Quality Djeep meets or exceeds the standards established by ISO and other government agencies .
read more
Safety Consumer safety is of the highest priority for us .
Djeep is fully compliant with ISO 9994 and other international safety standards .
read more
New limited editions
Twice in the year , discover our new collection of limited editions .
15 new designs to boost your sales .
read more
Green DJEEP
Djeep is highly involved in sustainable development .
Discover our programs .
read more
Frank never really understood the concept of personal space .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
A 14 - year - old New Jersey girl has been accused of child pornography after posting nearly 30 explicit nude pictures of herself on MySpace.com -- charges that could force her to register as a sex offender if convicted .
[ myspace ...hum ]
Iran ’s Presidential election is set for June 12 , 2009 .
With much domestic and international attention focused on what could be pivotal elections , the following is a primer on the Presidential election system of Iran .
By Homeyra Mokhtarzada
Iran has had an election of some type almost every year since the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
The administration of these elections is decentralized and a grass - roots operation .
Iran ’s various elections are governed by both the constitution and specific electoral laws .
According to the Presidential Election Law , Iran has two main bodies involved in the electoral process – the Guardian Council and the Ministry of Interior ( MoI ) .
The MoI is responsible for administration of elections while the Guardian Council is mandated with a broad supervisory role .
Election Administration
Approximately three months prior to the presidential election , the MoI ’s Election Centre becomes operational .
Iran is made up of 669 districts forming 330 counties that make up the 30 provinces of the country .
Each district is headed by a District Administrator , each county is headed by a Governor .
At each level , appointees of the MoI are responsible for the grass - roots organization that implements elections .
In addition , prior to the election , Election Executive Committees are formed at each level .
By law , these Committees are constituted of a Governor / District Administrator ( who chairs the Committee ) , the county / district prosecutor , the head of the civil registration office and eight members of the public .
Election Executive Committees are responsible for :
Deciding the number and location of polling stations
Informing the public about elections including the election date , voting hours , voting qualifications and voting station locations
Selecting eight public representatives for the Election Executive Committees
Evaluating election complaints
The full Election Executive Committee at the district level assigns poll workers for each polling station .
The polling station team is composed of a chief , a deputy and 3 secretaries .
In addition to this five - member team , the Governor of each county assigns a sixth person to each polling station .
Election Supervision
For each presidential election , the Guardian Council establishes a Central Supervisory Committee made up of two members of the Guardian Council and five individuals chosen by consensus by the Council .
The Central Supervisory Committee selects a supervisor for each county and together they :
Assign representatives to every polling station
Supervise the overall quality of the elections , including monitoring for fraud
Meantime , the Guardian Council reserves the right to nullify or suspend the election throughout all of Iran or just in a specific region or polling station if the election or components of the election are deemed to have been fraudulent .
Becoming a candidate
Iran ’s president serves a 4 - year term .
There are general requirements for candidacy which include : the candidate be of Iranian origin , they be a citizen of Iran , they be reputable and qualified to be care - takers of the Republic , they be thoughtful and possess management abilities , they believe in Islam and the principles of the Islamic Republic and lastly , they be persons with a record of religious and political affiliation .
Because additional requirements such as age or education are not specifically mandated , there are typically hundreds , if not thousands , of people who register to be a candidate in the presidential elections .
However , registration does not guarantee the ability to run for the office .
Once candidates register with the MoI , the Ministry sends the list of names to the Guardian Council .
The Guardian Council then vets the list according to the requirements laid out in the law .
In this way , many people can be disqualified for lacking the requisite qualifications .
While the Guardian Council is vetting the candidate list , candidates also have the opportunity to submit information or testimonials that confirm their eligibility and qualifications .
Once the Guardian Council completes its vetting , a final list of candidates is sent to the MoI , which publishes the list .
Campaigning
The publication of the names of the candidates marks the start of the official campaign period .
Campaigning ends 24 hours before Election Day .
To ensure all candidates benefit equally from the State ’s resources , the MoI establishes an Election Campaign Monitoring Commission .
The members of this commission include the Attorney General or his / her representative , the Interior Minister or his / her representative , the managing director of the state media or his / her representative and a representative of the Guardian Council .
According to the law , every candidate has equal access to State media for purposes of campaigning .
Some provisions governing campaigns include :
Government employees cannot campaign for or against candidates
It is illegal to destroy the posters or ads of any candidates during the campaign period
Candidates and their supporters are prohibited from insulting or defaming other candidates
Election officials are barred from campaigning for candidates
Voting in Iran
In Iran , there is no voter registration or roll .
Iranians can vote anywhere as long as they present their national identification book , or Shenasnameh .
The system is set up to prevent fraud at a number of levels , starting with voting procedures .
Iran has a two - part ballot – the ballot itself and a stub portion .
When a voter enters the polling station , there is a check of their shenasnameh for authenticity to ensure the voter is eligible to vote ( the voting age in Iran is 16 ) and that the voter has not already voted in the election .
For every election in Iran , there is a unique ink stamp which is stamped into a voter ’s shenasnameh .
This latter check is based on an examination of the shenasnameh to ensure there is not already a stamp from the current election in the booklet .
The voter ’s information , consisting of basic biographical data , is then entered onto the stub portion of the ballot .
It is important to note that the stub , once detached from the ballot , cannot be matched to the ballot .
There are no serial numbers or any other markings that tie the two parts together .
Thus , it is realistically impossible to know for whom a voter cast a ballot .
Once the stub portion of the ballot is completed and the shenasnameh stamped , the stub is separated from the ballot and deposited into a box where all the stubs are collected .
The voter then proceeds to the voting station , fills in the name of their desired candidate , folds the ballot in half and casts their ballot in a ballot box .
The Count
Polling stations in Iran are typically open from 8 am to 8 pm .
These hours can be extended by the MoI if the turnout warrants it .
Once the polling station is closed , the counting process begins .
Polling station officials first count the ballot stubs , followed by the ballots .
If the number of stubs and ballots are equal , then the actual vote count begins .
If there are more votes than ballots , then the difference is randomly selected from the ballot box and the votes cancelled , then the ballots are counted .
In cases where there are more stubs than ballots , the discrepancy is reported and the votes are counted .
Once the votes are counted and results tallied , the official results are certified , all ballots are returned to the ballot box , which is then sealed and officially transferred to the Executive Committee .
It is important to note that neither the general public nor outside entities are permitted to officially monitor the elections .
However , candidate agents may be present at every polling station during the voting hours and during the vote count .
Additionally , they may attend every Election Executive Committee meeting during the election period .
Determining the Winner
The Iranian President is determined through an absolute majority .
In other words , the person with 50%+1 of the votes is the winner .
However , in cases where there is no absolute majority , the law calls for a runoff election between the top two vote getters .
The runoff election is mandated to take place within one week of the first round of elections .
Once a winner is determined , the Guardian Council approves the election process and the Supreme Leader signs off on the Letter of Presidency .
The new president takes the oath of office before the Iranian Majles ( Parliament ) .
Homeyra Mokhtarzada is a Programme Manager with the International Foundation for Electoral Systems .
She specializes in the Middle East .
« previous post | next post »
People have begun to ask why Language Log has n't yet commented on the remarks of Sonia Sotomayor about the sterling value of ( you guessed it ) Strunk & White .
One recent commenter ( here ) actually seems to imply that we have jumped all over Charles Krauthammer solely because he is conservative , and shielded Sotomayor from criticism because she is the nominee of a Democratic president !
Come on , you know us better than that .
Sotomayor has come up in the comments area a few times ( here and here , for example ) , and the only reason there has n't been a full post on her remarks is — speaking for myself — lack of time ( I do n't know if you have any idea what early June is like for academics with administrative duties ) plus a dearth of interesting things to say .
You can read this piece on The National Review site for quotes and links to the relevant speeches .
What she said about grammar in one speech ( PDF here ) was this :
If you have read Strunk and White , Elements of Style , reread it every two years .
If you have never read it , do so now .
This book is only 77 pages and it manages , succinctly , precisely and elegantly to convey the essence of good writing .
Go back and read a couple of basic grammar books .
Most people never go back to basic principles of grammar after their first six years in elementary school .
Each time I see a split infinitive , an inconsistent tense structure or the unnecessary use of the passive voice , I blister .
These are basic errors that with self - editing , more often than not , are avoidable .
What can I tell you ?
I am appalled to see yet another high - placed groveller at the shrine of Strunk 'n ' Whitery — and another promulgator of the truly absurd myth that the ill - named " split infinitive " construction is some kind of a mistake .
I ( yes , even I , who have said so much more than some of you wanted to read on the topic of The Elements of Style ) have n't got much more to say on this , except I hope her taste in legal opinions turns out to be better than her taste in usage books .
One more victim of the book that ate America 's brain .
Permalink
A website belonging to security expert Kevin Mitnick was compromised after hackers managed to access a domain name server maintained by the site 's webhost and redirect visitors to pages that displayed pornographic images .
It was the second time in the past few years that a security lapse at hostedhere .
net has allowed hackers to redirect the site , Mitnick told The Register .
At time of writing , domain name system records for Mitnick Security have been restored , but some users continue to see the fraudulent website because many DNS caches still show the incorrect information .
" It 's a general pain in the ass for everybody around because my site was redirected and now this webhosting provider has to rebuild all their customer boxes , " Mitnick said .
" So they 're not happy with the hours of work they 're going to have to spend doing it . "
At time of writing , hostedhere .
net was not reachable and representatives were not available for comment .
The attack is the latest to take aim at a prominent security consultant .
Last year , accounts belonging to three researchers were ransacked by malicious miscreants who appeared bent on using the stunts to embarrass their targets .
In addition to exposing more than 2GB of emails , the attackers also sent explicit porn to the members of a Little League baseball team coached by one victim .
The people behind the attack on Mitnick 's site caused it to be redirected to a site that also displayed porn .
It showed several men engaging in sex and superimposed a photo that appeared to be of Mitnick .
It carried a message that read " All aboard the mantrain . "
The attackers never gained access to the server hosting Mitnick 's site , and in any event , the site did n't contain customer lists or other sensitive information , said Mitnick , who became a professional security consultant after serving five years in prison on hacking charges filed in the mid 1990s .
Mitnick , whose books include The Art of Intrusion : The Real Stories Behind the Exploits of Hackers , Intruders , and Deceivers and The Art of Deception : Controlling the Human Element of Security , said he planned to switch hosting providers soon .
" They keep getting compromised , " he said .
" Maybe I 'll move it over to Amazon or something and let them attack Amazon . " ®
Karen Finley in
The Constant State of Desire
Photo by Donna Ann McAdams
Caltech Researchers Pinpoint the Mechanisms of Self - Control in the Brain Study of dieters shows how two brain areas interact in people with the willpower to say no to unhealthy foods PASADENA , Calif . -- When you 're on a diet , deciding to skip your favorite calorie - laden foods and eat something healthier takes a whole lot of self - control - - an ability that seems to come easier to some of us than others .
Now , scientists from the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) have uncovered differences in the brains of people who are able to exercise self - control versus those who find it almost impossible .
The key ?
While everyone uses the same single area of the brain to make these sorts of value - laden decisions , a second brain region modulates the activity of the first region in people with good self - control , allowing them to weigh more abstract factors -- healthiness , for example -- in addition to basic desires such as taste to make a better overall choice .
" We recruited two types of subjects : 1 ) individuals who self - reported being on a diet to lose or maintain weight and 2 ) individuals who self - reported no current monitoring of their diet .
All subjects reported that they enjoyed eating sweets , chocolate , and other “ junk food ” even though they might be restricting them from their current diet .
. . .
Subjects were classified as self - controllers ( SC ) or non-self - controllers ( NSC ) based on their behavior during the experiment , and not on their self - reports about diet status during the recruiting process . "
" Fifty - two subjects participated in the experiment .
However 15 subjects did not meet our a priori inclusion criteria based on their behavioral data [ they fell into a gray zone ] .
37 subjects were included in the analysis .
Subjects were divided into two groups based on their behavioral data : successful self - controllers ( SC ) and non-self - controllers ( NSC ) .
The SC group included 19 subjects ( 14 female ... mean BMI = 24.8 ± 5.2 ) and the NSC group included 18 subjects ( 6 female ... mean BMI = 23.2 ± 5.1 ) . "
If you are better at exerting self - control by choosing less pleasurable but more healthy options , do you live in a constant state of ( suppressed ) desire ?
If you feel like you 're always sacrificing and denying yourself what your brain 's " valuation system " indicates is worth more , does the craving eventually go away ?
Or are you more likely to binge in a moment of weakness ?
Is n't this why most diets fail ?
Would n't it be better to have that candy bar every once in a while ?
( or else , learn to love cauliflower more than Cadbury ) ?
However , this constant state of desire is not what the mad lib Science paper Hare et al. , 2009 ) is about .
It 's not even about dieting at all , despite what the press release says .
To start , let 's look at the subject selection criteria ( Hare et al. , Supporting Online Material - PDF ) :
So really , the study is n't about dieting at all , because one could be a " self - controller " in the experiment and yet report no dietary restrictions in real life .
And actually , the study may not even say much about food choices in the real world , because a participant could say she'd choose the broccoli over the brownie to gain the experimenter 's approval , but then go home and eat ice cream for dinner .
Back to the subject selection :
There 's a lot more pressure on women to diet and to give the appearance of restraint , and 70 % of them were in the SC group .
So who knows , it might be true that the female subjects felt more compelled to choose the healthy choice than they would have in real life .
The task proceeded in three parts : taste ratings , health ratings , and decisions .
" Subjects cared about their choices because they were required to eat the food that they chose in a randomly selected trial at the end of the experiment .
2
Note that because subjects did not know which trial would count , their optimal strategy was to treat each decision as if it were the only one that counted .
Although this is a binary decision task , subjects were asked to express the strength of their preferences using a five - point scale : Strong No ( =choose reference ) [ to ]
Strong Yes ( =choose shown item ) . "
Fig. 2
Robust linear regression showing a strong relationship between a measure of the effect that health ratings have on vmPFC activity and a measure of the effect that the health ratings have on decisions .
Fig. 2
B
( Left ) .
Estimated betas in the vmPFC for each of the regressors .
This plot was constructed as follows .
First , for each individual and type of trial we measured the associated beta value at the peak voxel for the goal value contrast ( GLM 1 ) inside the vmPFC ROI shown in Fig. 2A ( Right ) .
The individual subject peaks were selected from within this ROI to allow for variability between subjects .
Second , the mean and standard error of these betas were computed for each type of trial .
" Lastly , an improved understanding of the neurobiology of self - control in decision - making will have applications to clinical practice in domains such as obesity and addiction , to economic and public policy analysis in problems such as suboptimal savings and health behaviors , and to legal thinking about which criteria should be used in determining if an individual is in full command of his decision - making faculties and thus accountable to the law . "
[ and more ecologically valid , if you
really
want to learn about self - control over food choices ]
Footnotes
To test these hypotheses , we recruited self - reported dieters and used functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) to study the neural activity in vmPFC and DLPFC while the participants made real decisions about which foods to eat .
Additional Reading
JAMA
Appetite
Int J Eat Disord
Am J Clin Nutr .
Am J Clin Nutr .
Acta Neurochir ( Wien )
Neurology
Reference
Science , 324 ( 5927 ) , 646-648 .
DOI : Hare , T. , Camerer , C. , & Rangel , A. ( 2009 ) .
Self - Control in Decision - Making Involves Modulation of the vmPFC Valuation System .( 5927 ) , 646-648 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1168450
self - control in decision - making
exercise it
success
well - being
self - control
exhaustible in the short term
cognitive strategies
measures of intelligence
self - control
successful
unsuccessful self - controllers .
I told myself it would be different when I had children .
We 'd share our experiences and feelings together .
We 'd be so close .
But I 'm just like my father , a drunken slob .
And the only feelings I share are no , no feelings at all .
The only feelings I share are no feelings at all .
- Karen Finley , The Constant State of Desire ( from Shock Treatment )
Anyway , the experimental design is illustrated below :
The subjects viewed pictures of 50 different food items and rated them on a 5 point scale for health and taste in two separate blocks .
After this , one food item rated as neutral on both dimensions ( e.g. , crackers , jello ) was selected as the reference item , and subjects had to choose between it and another item on each trial .
The participants were sorted into SC and NSC groups according to their behavioral performance during the decision phase .
The SC subjects chose food items on the basis of both health and taste , but the NSC group chose on the basis of taste alone .
What were the investigators looking for in the fMRI data ?
They assumed at the outset that the brain 's " value assigner " is located in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex ( vmPFC ) , and the " self - controller " ( in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex , DLPFC ) modulates value signals in vmPFC .
For fear of beating a dead horse , I wo n't get into the fMRI data analysis methods here ( 5 pages in the supplementary methods ) and whether there were any " Voodoo Correlations " ( or rather , " Puzzlingly High Correlations " - PDF ) .
But here 's a figure from Hare et al. with r=.847 .
Below is another figure showing that Beta values in vmPFC increased with goal values , regardless of self - control .
The legend was taken from Hare et al. , Supporting Online Material ( PDF ) .
Now what about self - control in the DLPFC ?
A region in the left middle and inferior frontal gyri ( IFG / BA 9 ) was more active during " self - control " trials in both groups , with the SC group showing this to a greater extent than the NSC group .
And finally there was the requisite functional connectivity analysis ( PDF ) to explain the inverse relationship between greater activation in IFG / BA 9 and reduced activation in vmPFC .
But since these two regions did not exhibit task - related functional connectivity , another area ( IFG / BA 46 , of course ) had to be mediating the self - controlling effect of IFG / BA 9 on vmPFC .
Got that ?
Hmm .
One of the things that struck me about this paperis the remarkable lack of scholarship , particularly when concluding in such a grandiose fashion :
Let 's take the applications for obesity as our most relevant example here .
Were there any citations of the literature on neurodegenerative disorders and appetite ?
Case studies of brain lesions and appetite ?
Studies of obese vs. lean individuals ?
Eating disordered vs. normal weight people ?
No , no , no , and no .
Since they did n't cite any papers in these importantareas of inquiry , here 's what I learned from a PubMed search .
A voxel - based morphometry study in patients with frontotemporal dementia demonstrated that binge eating was associated with greater degeneration in the right ventral insula , striatum , and orbitofrontal cortex ( Wooley et al. , 2007 ) .
Conversely , tumors in the right lateral frontal cortex have been associated with anorexia in several case reports ( Houy et al. , 2007 Trummer et al. , 2002 ) .
In healthy subjects , transcranial direct current stimulation over DLPFC ( specifically to increase neuronal firing over the right and to decrease it over the left DLPFC ) was shown to reduce food cravings ( Fregni et al. , 2008 ) .
Neuroimaging studies have observed less activation in the left DLPFC of obese participants after a meal than was observed in lean participants ( Le et al. , 2006 2007 ) .
There 's even a right PFC hypothesis of obesity ( Alonso - Alonso & Pascual - Leone , 2007 ) .
You'd think all of this might have been relevant to an article on the neurobiology of self - control over food choices , but apparently not .
Time for some chocolate cake .
I just can't help myself ...
The writer of the press release can be excused for getting this wrong because in the main article , Hare et al. lead the reader to believe that the subjects are all dieters :
At the end of the experiment , were the participants asked how much they really cared about their choices , or is that just a proclamation ?
The words dopamine , nucleus accumbens , and basal ganglia did not appear in the article ( ignoring previous studies on the topic ) .
The phrase " vmPFC - striatal network " appears once but is dissed right away .... besides everything else I 've said thus far ... Alonso - Alonso M , Pascual - Leone A. ( 2007 ) .
The right brain hypothesis for obesity 297:1819 - 22 .
Fregni F , Orsati F , Pedrosa W , Fecteau S , Tome FA , Nitsche MA , Mecca T , Macedo EC , Pascual - Leone A , Boggio PS. ( 2008 ) .
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the prefrontal cortex modulates the desire for specific foods 51:34 - 41.Houy E , Debono B , Dechelotte P , Thibaut F. ( 2007 ) .
Anorexia nervosa associated with right frontal brain lesion .
40:758-61.Le DS , Pannacciulli N , Chen K , Del Parigi A , Salbe AD , Reiman EM , Krakoff J. ( 2006 ) .
Less activation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in response to a meal : a feature of obesity 84:725-31.Le DS , Pannacciulli N , Chen K , Salbe AD , Del Parigi A , Hill JO , Wing RR , Reiman EM , Krakoff J. ( 2007 ) .
Less activation in the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the reanalysis of the response to a meal in obese than in lean women and its association with successful weight los s.86:573-9 .
Trummer M , Eustacchio S , Unger F , Tillich M , Flaschka G. ( 2002 ) .
Right hemispheric frontal lesions as a cause for anorexia nervosa report of three cases .
144:797-801Woolley JD , Gorno - Tempini ML , Seeley WW , Rankin K , Lee SS , Matthews BR , Miller BL. ( 2007 ) .
Binge eating is associated with right orbitofrontal - insular - striatal atrophy in frontotemporal dementia 69:1424-33 .
The concept ofhas occupied philosophers and scientists throughout recorded history because the ability tois central to humanand .
Behavioral studies have examined the problem ofand provided valuable insights that suggest it is ( 1 –3 ) , can be enhanced by ( 4 –7 ) , and is correlated with ( 8 –10 ) .
However , little is known about the neurobiological underpinnings ofand how these neural mechanisms might differ betweenand
Congress is about to approve a new federal program to pay car owners up to $ 4,500 for trading in gas - guzzling automobiles for more fuel - efficient cars , to the applause of the struggling auto industry .
But the program is drawing heavy criticism from an unlikely quarter : environmentalists who are sworn enemies of big , old clunkers that get poor mileage .
Critics contend that the “ cash for clunkers ” bill , which has auto industry backing , was designed more to boost auto sales than to reduce global warming .
The bill would provide vouchers toward the purchase of more efficient vehicles to people who junk their less - efficient cars .
But critics say the improvements required in the trade -- as little as 1 mile per gallon for certain light trucks -- are so lax that the federal government could end up subsidizing consumers who swap one gas guzzler for another .
For passenger cars , consumers would receive a $ 3,500 voucher if their new vehicle is 4 miles per gallon higher in combined highway and city mileage than their trade - in vehicle .
They would get $ 4,500 if the improvement is 10 miles per gallon or more .
Advertisement
Congress tacked the $ 1 - billion program onto unrelated legislation that funds the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , an urgent bill that is expected to clear Congress next week .
A House - Senate conference committee that on Thursday drafted the final bill included the car - swap program over the objections of Republicans , who disliked the cost .
Also objecting , however , were environmental advocates such as Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) , who said the program failed to ensure that subsidies would not be used to buy new gas guzzlers .
At a time when President Obama is moving aggressively to curb greenhouse gases and the U.S. auto industry is struggling to survive , “ cash for clunkers ” has become a policy fad in Congress practically overnight .
It also had the potential to create a politically appealing marriage between auto manufacturers , who want to boost sales , and environmentalists , who are clamoring for improved fuel economy .
Advertisement
But as the legislation moved through Congress this year , the details ended up pitting the two interests against each other .
In the program included in the war - funding bill , the industry won .
“ This was a face - off between the auto industry shaking its tin cup in new and different ways and environmentalists saying :
If you ’re going to give a new bailout , there has to be more efficient vehicles , ” said Dan Becker , director of the Safe Climate Campaign .
“ It is amazing how quickly a good idea can go bad in Washington , ” said Feinstein and Sen. Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) in an opinion article in the Wall Street Journal .
It was headlined : “ Handouts for Hummers . ”
Feinstein , Collins and other senators had sponsored an alternative that would have imposed stricter mileage standards and allowed used cars to be purchased with the vouchers .
Advertisement
But proponents of the program that eventually emerged , and which had passed the House earlier this month by a wide margin , had no apologies for designing it in a way that would maximize new car sales .
“ Getting new cars moving is what gets Americans working , ” said Phaedra Dugan , spokeswoman for Rep. Candice S. Miller ( R - Mich . ) , a cosponsor of the measure .
“ Our bill puts American workers and the American economy first , and our bill still gets gas guzzlers off the road . ”
Christin Baker , spokeswoman for Ford Motor Co. , said the bill was “ critically important ” for the beleaguered auto industry .
“ U.S. auto sales have seen the steepest decline in more than 50 years , and we need to help boost consumer confidence and jump - start auto sales , ” Baker said .
“ This program will help support jobs for automakers , suppliers and dealers in every community . ”
Congress will soon have a chance to revisit the issue , because the program included in the war - spending bill will last only until Nov. 1 or until the $ 1 billion provided for the program runs out .
Advertisement
To qualify for a voucher , a consumer would need to remove a car from the road that has a fuel economy of 18 miles per gallon or less .
In addition , the car must have been owned by the consumer for one year .
Vouchers would be available for cars purchased between July 1 and Nov. 1 , 2009 .
In addition to meeting the improved fuel economy targets , new cars purchased in the program would have to cost less than $ 45,000 and get at least 22 miles per gallon .
Consumers would be eligible for vouchers regardless of their income .
An earlier version of the bill would have provided subsidies only to cars made in North America , but that provision was dropped in the face of complaints that it could violate trade law .
Feinstein and Collins , in their recent opinion article , argued that the bill would allow subsidies for buying a new Hummer H3T , which gets 16 miles per gallon , according to federal data , but not for a 2 - year - old Ford Focus , which can get as much as 27 miles per gallon .
This is because the bill sets low targets for mileage improvements for light trucks but does not cover the purchase of used vehicles , the senators said .
Advertisement
“ Our legislation is not aimed at bailing out the auto industry , although it would spur vehicle sales , ” Collins said in a statement this week about the alternative bill .
“ It is environmental legislation that has the added benefit of helping the auto industry . ”
--
janet.hook@latimes.com
Times staff writer Christi Parsons contributed to this report .
[ social_buttons ]
The Mother Nature Network has just published their list of the ten greenest cities in the United States .
There is as yet no official criteria set by the EPA for determining a city ’s “ greeness , ” MNN considered key areas to measure the effectiveness of a municipality ’s efforts at carbon footprint reduction , including air and water quality , efficient recylcling and management of waste , percentage of LEED certified buildings , acres of land devoted to green space , use of renewable energy , and easy access to green products and services .
And the MNN winners are :
10 – Austin , Texas : Austin Energy is the country ’s largest provider of renewable energy .
The city has an ambitious goal of becoming carbon neutral by 2020 .
Austin ’s green space includes 206 parks , 12 nature preserves , 26 greenbelts , and more than 50 miles of trails .
9 – Chicago , Illinois : Chicago adopted a long - range plan for land sustainability as far back as 1909 , when pioneering city planner Daniel Hudsen developed a land use plan for the lakefront that balanced urban growth and created a permenent greenbelt around the city .
Today , the city pursues an aggressive green roof agenda through the Chicago Green Roof Program with more than 2.5 million square feet of city roofs supporting plant life .
The city has also recently planted about 500,000 new trees .
8 – Seattle , Washington :
More than 20 public buildings in the city are LEED - certified or under construction for LEED certification .
An incentive program encourages residents to install solar panels , and Sustainable Ballard , a green neighborhood group , offers ongoing workshops teaching folks how to live in better harmony with the environment .
7 – Berkeley , California : A recognized leader in innovation in clean energy technology and development , Berkeley also has an abundance of organic and vegetarian restaurants .
The city is known as a leader in sustainability .
6 – Cambridge , Massachusetts : Prevention Magazine deemed Cambridge the “ best walking city ” in 2008 .
The city is home to research and education powerhouses MIT and Harvard .
In 2002 the city implemented a climate protection plan and today most city vehicles are fueled with B20 biodiesel or electricity .
All new construction or major renovations must meet LEED standards .
The “ Compost that Stuff ” program collects and processes organic waste from residents , restaurants , bars , and hotels .
5 – Eugene , Oregon : Otherwise known as the Emerald City , Eugene has been in touch with its green self since the 1960’s .
In 2007 Eugene inaugurated a hybrid public transit system , winning a Sustainable Transport award in 2008 .
Bicycling is the preferred mode of transportation , with over 30 miles of off - street bike paths and 29 dedicated bike routes , Eugene sports an impressive 150 miles of smog - free tranportation throughout the metropolitan area .
4 – Oakland , California :
The city currently gets 17 % of its energy from renewable sources , with plans to be both oil - independent and have zero waste by 2020 .
Oakland has the country ’s cleanest tap water , access to an abundance of fresh , locally - grown , organic food , and a hydrogen - powerd public transit system .
The country ’s oldest wildlife refuge is in Oakland .
3 – Boston , Massachusetts :
In 2008 the city held its first annual Down2 Earth conference designed to help educate residents on living a more sustainable lifestyle .
Other green efforts include a “ Green by 2015 ” goal aimed at replacing all traditional taxi cabs with hybrid vehicles , recycling trash to power homes , getting more solar panels in operation , and encouraging the use of electric motorbikes for getting around the city .
2 – San Francisco , California :
My home town , San Francisco ’s mayor Gavin Newson has declared “ The City ” as the nation ’s solar power leader .
San Francisco has an innovative recycling program complete with its own “ artist - in - residence ” that uses his work to inspire residents to conserve and recycle .
The first U.S. city to ban the use of plastic bags , San Francisco plans to divert 75 % of its landfill waste by 2010 .
And the greenest U.S. city is …
1 – Portland , Oregon : Number one in sustainability , Portland has been named the most bikable city in the United States for its over 200 miles of dedicated bike lanes .
The city offers classes for such do - it - yourself sustainability pursuits as container gardening , cheese making , beekeeping , and chicken - keeping , to name a few .
Portland is also home to Powell ’s Books , one of the few remaining independent booksellers in the United States .
Image credit : iStockPhoto
By John Aloysius Farrell , Thomas Jefferson Street blog
If a gay marriage question is put on the California ballot in 2010 , it will put the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints at a seriously interesting crossroads .
It has been three or four decades since the Mormon Church chose a low profile in American politics , after its opposition to the Equal Rights Amendment , and theological hostility to black Americans , spurred an anti-Mormon backlash .
The Mormons are among the most persecuted of American sects , and highly sensitive to criticism .
The church 's low - key strategy seemed to work .
There are still some Mormon - haters in evangelical Christian circles , but for the most part the Mormons are accepted and admired , and church membership has soared .
Mormon politicians like former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman are regarded by mainstream America as legitimate presidential timber .
Mormon watchers were surprised , then , when the church hierarchy took such an active role in the passage of Proposition 8 in California , limiting marriage to a man and a woman .
Gay Americans were surprised as well .
They did n't expect the church to embrace gay marriage , but neither did they predict that the Mormon Church would emerge as a resolute and politically - active foe , whose support for Prop 8 was perhaps determinative .
Some of the resultant anti-Mormon rhetoric has been vicious .
Now that Prop 8 has been upheld by the California Supreme Court , gay rights groups say they will put gay marriage on the ballot in California again , and mount a full scale effort to win public approval , perhaps as soon as 2010 .
That will put the ball back in the church 's court .
The family is at the center of Mormon theology .
But the national political trends are running against the church .
Younger Americans — even young evangelicals — are more than willing to see their gay friends get married .
Opposing gay marriage in Utah ( as the church did in 2004 ) is one thing , but taking a lead public role in a national campaign to deprive a persecuted minority of a right shared by all other Americans is another .
It would be seen as a sign that the days of low - key tactics are over , and that the current Mormon leaders are prepared to give , and get , the political bruising that occurs when religion mixes with politics in America .
Check out our political cartoons .
Become a political insider : Subscribe to U.S. News
Weekly , our new digital magazine .
DENVER , Colorado ( CNN ) --
A jury Thursday found that former college professor Ward Churchill , who referred to victims of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks as " little Eichmanns " in an essay , was wrongfully terminated by the University of Colorado , according to a court official .
Ward Churchill was dismissed as a professor at the University of Colorado at Boulder in 2007 .
But the jury , which deliberated for a day and a half after a trial that began March 9 , awarded Churchill only $ 1 , the minimum they could award while still finding in Churchill 's favor , according to Robert McCallum , public information officer for Colorado 's 2nd Judicial District Court .
While an ethnic studies professor at the University of Colorado at Boulder , Churchill came under national scrutiny for a 2002 essay entitled , " Some People Push Back : On the Justice of Roosting Chickens , " which criticized U.S. foreign policy .
In a reference to Nazi leader Adolf Eichmann , the Gestapo officer who was one of the chief architects of the Holocaust , Churchill referred to victims of the World Trade Center attacks " little Eichmanns . "
Churchill argued the victims were " a technocratic corps at the very heart of America 's global financial empire . "
Churchill 's essay drew little notice until an 1,800 - student college in upstate New York invited him to take part in a 2005 forum on prisons and Native American rights .
The invitation was rescinded after criticism from then - New York Gov. George Pataki , then - Colorado Gov. Bill Owens and hundreds of relatives of those killed in the attacks created a media firestorm .
Churchill was fired in 2007 .
Churchill argued during the trial that he was fired from his tenured position for expressing politically unpopular , but constitutionally protected , views .
The university argued in the trial that he was not fired for his political views but rather for sloppy academic work .
During the trial , the university presented several examples of what university officials claimed were cases of plagiarism in his research .
District Court Chief Judge Larry J. Naves has given both sides 30 days to present motions before he rules on whether Churchill will get his job back or will receive back pay .
University of Colorado at Boulder Interim Chancellor Philip P. DiStefano released this statement on the university 's Web site , saying : " While I am disappointed by the jury 's decision , I am still confident that the process we used to review allegations of research misconduct was appropriately applied in this case .
The university attorneys will evaluate the next steps in the legal process .
It is too early to comment on how the judge 's final decision might impact the campus , as that decision has not yet been rendered . "
Calls to the office and cell phone of Churchill 's attorney were not immediately returned .
All About University of Colorado at Boulder • The Gestapo • The Holocaust • World Trade Center
No freeman shall be debarred the use of arms .
Thomas Jefferson
Spend time with Malcolm Gladwell , the writer with the super - amped hair and a talent for turning out bestsellers examining social and cultural phenomena , and inevitably your conversation will turn to doing exactly the same thing – pondering weird stuff .
Like reading his books , it 's fun , because you finish up thinking , briefly , that you might be as clever as he is .
Together , we study the remarkable trajectory of his rise to global celebrity since he stopped being a reporter for The Washington Post and began writing these books , beginning with a certain volume called The Tipping Point , and discover that while the next two were almost as well received – Blink and the more recent Outliers – the one he writes next may easily be a real stinker .
Oddly , he finds this a happy prospect .
We agree that there might be material for a new essay at least , perhaps even a whole book , in the current crisis in British politics , and why instead of fizzling out , it just keeps growing , and decide that while speculating about the reasons for the recent Air France crash in the Atlantic might be apposite – Outliers has lots about air crashes and why the cultural backgrounds of the people in the cockpit may be more important than matters of airframes or lightning – it would be foolish , tasteless even , to do so right now .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A bad book from Gladwell would be disappointing .
But the good news is that later this month he returns to Britain to show off another of his talents – getting up on stage and talking about his work .
He calls his show , which previewed at the Lyceum in London late last year , a simple " 19th - century " affair with " no pyrotechnics or Powerpoint presentations " .
The audience seemed to love it , prompting this summer 's countrywide tour , Malcom Gladwell – Live !.
He is n't a rock star , but as far as the hobbled publishing industry is concerned he might as well be .
His latest opus – or the first half of it – examines people such as Bill Gates , who are more successful than any human should reasonably expect to be .
They are , indeed , his ' outliers ' .
This may come as less as a surprise to British readers , but the writer suggests that , while grit and intelligence do matter , other factors are critical in determining who makes it into this super - league of achievers .
Such as personal circumstance , culture and sheer luck .
( Did I hear you mention class , privilege and rich parents , too ? )
Once the book 's main premise has been laid out , Gladwell backs it up with a series of real - life narratives about these very people .
Among the intriguing titbits : that really successful people only become surpassingly good at what they do after 10,000 hours of practice .
The Beatles were lucky , because their repeated trips to clubs in Hamburg , where they were expected to play for hours on end , pushed their collective music - clock to 10,000 hours just in time for them to pierce through to the stratosphere of fame and fortune .
Gates got good at programming , too , because as a teenager , he had the extraordinary good luck of gaining access to the first generations of modern computers and was given time to fiddle on them for , well , 10,000 hours or so .
Is it not reasonable at this point to ask Gladwell , 45 , a little about his circumstances , having become a bit of an outlier himself ?
What were the precursors to his current waltz with success ?
For one , he is crafty with interviewers , greeting them at the front door of a handsome townhouse on an even more handsome street in New York 's West Village , where neighbours include Graydon Carter , editor of Vanity Fair .
( Carter 's celebrated eatery , the Waverly Inn , is at the end of the block . )
Gladwell then leads his guest up an elegantly circling staircase to the very top of the house , explaining a little vaguely that the entire edifice is not currently his home but will be shortly .
While he takes the stairs effortlessly – Gladwell is built like a bird – you struggle .
At the top , your brain is deprived of oxygen and all intelligent questions go missing .
Here , I find myself in the writer 's creative nest .
Light comes not just from windows to the street but an oversized sloping skylight that might be in a Parisian garret .
The furniture is spare , but I am thinking that nights are spent here too .
Since arriving , Gladwell has installed a green roof – a forest of sedum atop the house that keeps energy bills low in all seasons , he says .
The inner room where we settle is lined entirely with book cases .
I can't help noticing that one section is filled entirely with copies of The Tipping Point , Blink and also Outliers in all kinds of different covers and bindings – and languages .
" They just forward them to me , " he says with a shrug .
He can not say how many languages his books have been translated into .
Modesty may not be Gladwell 's natural mode , but nor is he arrogant in any unpleasant way .
But , yes , sir , he did do the necessary apprenticeship to become excellent at what he does .
" There is this moment of mastery that descends , " he offers .
It happened for him as a reporter one afternoon in 1993 when a gunman had opened fire on a Long Island commuter train .
Gladwell was the New York bureau chief for The Washington Post at the time .
With the first deadline almost upon him , he made it out to the scene and dictated the entire front - page story over the phone without writing down a single word .
" In my first years I would n't have conceived of doing it , " he says .
" I just got on the phone and called it in and did n't think twice about it . "
He has since done a " back - of - the - envelope " calculation of the hours spent writing for the paper up until that day .
Ten thousand hours , of course .
" It 's a marvellous moment .
There is a reason why cognitively complicated jobs require long apprenticeships . "
He puts journalism into this category deliberately .
His other employer , aside from his publisher , is The New Yorker magazine , and his next submission will be an essay on the craft of news reporting and why it must be coddled and sheltered in an age of struggling newspapers .
What makes him " mad " he says , is the notion that a newspaper is merely " a monopoly protected by printing press and that the thing being called a journalist is the chance to write the news , as if there is n't this separate set of skills that are difficult to acquire and worthy of preservation .
You can't start blogging at 23 and call yourself a journalist . "
Of course , the skills he learned at the Post are carried into his book - writing .
He nods happily when it is suggested that Outliers jumps around a lot between narratives and arguments and that the common thread sometimes gets obscured .
" I actually think coherence is an overrated virtue , " he replies .
" We want it in our foreign policy of governments , but do we necessarily have to have it in our non-fiction ?
One of the things you learn from reporting is that you become paranoid about keeping the readers interested , because they have so many different options .
That mindset is still kind of with me .
That 's why I jump around .
You keep people involved by telling them compelling stores .
Thus , in Outliers , he offers multiple models for extraordinary excellence , including software pioneers , musicians , ice hockey players and lawyers .
Who knew that a generation of New York lawyers who excelled in the mergers and acquisition business more often than not had forebears in the tailoring and garment industry during the Great Depression ?
He flips his theme in the second part of the book to show why understanding the importance of cultural influences on specific groups and how they perform professionally could be crucial in addressing certain problems .
A long chapter on flying argues that cultural traditions of pilots in the cockpits of Avianca and Korean Air planes contributed significantly to crashes suffered by both companies .
It is because Korean Air recognised this problem that its safety record was dramatically improved .
In brief , it educated co-pilots to be less deferential to their captains .
He also explores evidence that Asian children are better at mathematics than western children , and suggests importing some of their cultural traditions so we can catch up .
Talking about numerate Asians , clever Jewish lawyers and the cockpit culture of foreign airlines might prompt complaints about racial stereotyping .
( And one of his arguments in the book about unhelpful etiquette between pilots could imply that Air France might be one carrier worth avoiding because France has a so - called " high - power - distance culture " where co-pilots may not speak up forcefully enough during an in - flight crisis . )
Gladwell knows this , but is unapologetic .
" I would make the argument that yes , it is dangerous to talk about cultural stereotypes and it can lead to all kinds of bad consequences .
But if you are careful , if your goal is specific and is socially meaningful , then it is fine .
I am talking about them in very , very specific contexts . "
Are we still too squeamish about discussing cultural differences because of the tyranny of political correctness ?
" Absolutely , " he says .
" That is very much one of the motivations for writing this book .
I am only using cultural traits in the sense that they are not fixed at all , they can change . "
Thus Korean
Air worked hard on altering the mindsets of their flight crews and drew a line under a series of fatal accidents .
That he is so interested in all of this may stem from his own background .
Born in Hampshire to a white father and black Jamaican mother , the mixed - race Gladwell was then transplanted to a tiny community in Ontario , Canada , before crossing the border south to the United States to study and work .
He mentions his father when we touch on his interest in dogs .
( He has a recent essay on human - canine interaction called What the Dog Saw . )
" My father was a proper Englishman .
He always had a nice big dog to go on walks with him . "
A proper Englishman ?
Well , OK , that counts me out .
( My pug is large but in the wrong way . )
The touring Gladwell will take questions at the end of each lecture , so you might prod him on why British people should be surprised by this book 's premise ; ours being a society where there may still be some correlation between success and the class you are born into .
Really interesting , though , is the hole Gladwell punches through the hoary stereotype we sometimes hold about America – that by contrast , it is a classless meritocracy .
" Both countries stack the deck in favour of certain people over others , " he begins .
" They choose to stack it in different ways .
Americans do perhaps use more subtle mechanisms for doing so .
But there is certainly an Ivy League caste system here that rewards and promotes kids by virtue of having gone to a small set of colleges and entry into those colleges .
While it appears meritocratic , in large part it is not .
You get there because your dad went there or you are a jock of some kind . "
Here is something that surprised me .
Gladwell cites studies showing that Europeans in the lowest economic classes have a far greater chance of moving up in the world than Americans .
" Once you are rich in America you stay rich ... but if you are at the bottom it just never happens , statistically , it never happens that people make it .
And that 's very different from western European counties . "
Oh well , so much for the land - of - opportunity myth .
It has been nine years since The Tipping Point came out , and the title , describing the moment when a cultural shift reaches some sort of critical mass to take it beyond the point of no-return , is now part of the popular vernacular .
What events have occurred since then that otherwise would have been in the book ?
" Obama " , he says , before I have even finished the question , followed almost as quickly by " 9/11 " .
Further discussion of both these points leads you to guess that if Gladwell started out his writing career for a conservative magazine – which he did – his politics over time have shifted significantly to the left .
" In retrospect these were the kind of moments where there was a qualitative shift in the direction of society , " he argues .
" In this country after 9/11 we temporarily lost our minds .
We forgot we were a democracy .
We decided we wanted to take on the whole world , closed our borders , forgot we were country based on democracy and open borders .
It was as if the course the country had been on for the previous 200 years had suddenly been arrested .
That 's an astonishing thing – that one act , one morning , can cause a country to sort of lose its way . "
As for Obama , the jury is probably still out on exactly how profound a change he will bring , but the manner in which he attained the highest office is enough on its own to grab Gladwell 's interest .
" It 's that notion that he breaks the stranglehold of the establishment on presidential politics .
He was the first person to use the internet to subvert the old order .
Regardless of how well he does , that is extraordinarily powerful – a game - changer . "
And so we come to Gordon Brown and his current troubles .
Could the expenses scandal be a tipping point in British politics ?
As we ponder this we slide into a slightly different question : why do some huge news events , like the outbreak of swine flu , grow to a quick crescendo and then fade just as quickly , while others take on a special momentum that instead feeds on itself and multiplies ?
" That would be fun to look at – this question of why does that story have that kind of enduring power when others do n't ?
Though I am not even remotely qualified to answer it . "
Immediately , though , he starts to try .
" With all those things , there needs to be a kind of theme that appears in a number of different domains all at once .
Clearly , the way the British public is interpreting the parliamentary scandal resonates with the way they interpreted the fall of the financial community .
If something reverberates in all sorts of different areas , then you can see how it takes off .
Swine flu is a standalone kind of thing .
But when you get a unified theory of what 's wrong with society , that 's when you get this kind of epical scandal . "
This all sounds interesting , but remember that he is bound for a bad book next , according , at least , to what might be called Gladwell 's Radiohead Theorem .
They , like so many other rock bands , had huge successes with albums one , two and three before they ditched their winning formula to do a much more personal album .
" These bands start doing things that just make them happy , and invariably it's a disaster , " he says , " but I understand it .
It would be so great to write a really small , incredibly nerdy book .
I would really like to write a single narrative book ...
I have a side of me that just wants to have lots of charts and graphs and statistics .
And endless footnotes . "
Well , he has the fancy townhouse and shelves stuffed with his own bestsellers in Japanese , Korean and Spanish .
Gladwell could easily afford to go nerdy and tedious .
But the poor man has the instincts of a journalist in him .
I 'm guessing he will have to restrain himself , and give his fans more of what they want .
Malcolm Gladwell Live ! is at Glasgow ( 22 June ) , Brighton ( 23 June ) , Liverpool ( 24 June ) , and Birmingham ( 25 June ) .
See www.malcolmgladwell-live.com fordetails and booking .
Outliers is published in paperback by Penguin on 25 June ( £ 9.99 ) .
To order a copy for the special price of £ 8.99 ( with free P&P ) visit www.independentbooksdirect.co.uk.
Malcolm Gladwell : A career in theory
1963 Born on September 3 in London to father Graham , an English civil engineering professor , and mother Joyce , a Jamaican - born , psychotherapist ; the family later move to Canada
1978 He wins the 1500 m running title at the Ontario High School championships in Kingston , Ontario .
1984 Graduates with a degree in history from the University of Toronto 's Trinity College .
1987 After working at The American Spectator , a conservative monthly magazine , he is hired as a science and business writer for The Washington Post , later becoming New York bureau chief .
He remains there until 1996
1996 Staff writer for The New Yorker
2000 The Tipping Point : How Little Things Can Make A Big Difference is published , and by 2006 it has sold 1.7 million copies in the US alone .
The New York Times calls it 'a lively , timely and engaging study of fads . '
Business
Week praise an 'imaginative treatise that 's likely ... to generate some buzz '
2005 Blink : The Power of Thinking Without Thinking is published , eventually selling 1.3 million copies in the US .
It was acclaimed by The Washington Post for its ' fascinating case studies ' featured in the book .
In the UK , the book was deemed ' a muddle ' by The Guardian and accused of basing its theories on ' flimsy evidence ' by The Daily Telegraph .
In the same year , Time name Gladwell one of the worlds top 100 most influential people .
2007 Receives the American Sociological Association 's first Award for Excellence in the Reporting of Social Issues .
2008 Outliers : The Story of Success is published , for a rumoured $ 4 m fee .
Although The New York Times agrees that it was 'a pleasure to read and leaves you mulling over its inventive theories for days afterward ' , The Telegraph , like many others , deplores its ' internal inconsistency ' .
MARION SAUVEBOIS
Send comments about this site to the webmaster .
Site designed and updated by Justin Culp
Copyright � 2000
Last modified : April 08 , 2002
WebLife Home | Library | Cob Builders Handbook
The Cob Builders Handbook
You Can Hand - Sculpt Your Own Home
** NOTE ***
This HTML version is currently incomplete .
Please donate to support these publication efforts .
Front Cover - Back Cover
Table Of Contents :
Acknowledgements and Warning
INTRODUCTION
What is cob ?
Why build with cob ?
DESIGNING YOUR HOME SWEET HOME !
Things to do to get ready
Think Small
Think Rounded
Make the Most of the Climate
Design with passive solar access in mind
Other things to think about when designing
One Story or More ?
Noise
Plan for Future Additions Now
Designing the Entrance
Buttresses
Permits
CHOOSING YOUR SITE
Here 's a list of some things to consider when looking for land :
Finding your home site
Choosing the house site includes :
Put the house where it belongs
Pick a site that is naturally comfortable
Passive solar planning
Harvesting your own wood
Wind
Noise
Boundaries
Getting the site ready to build !
GATHERING MATERIALS
DRAINAGE
Test Holes
Making Your Drainage
Creating drainage on a flat site
Berms
Ditch drains
THE FOUNDATION
Making the foundation
Planning the foundation ( Footing or Plinth )
Designing the door area
Setting up the door frame
Tamping tips
How deep do I make the foundation ?
How wide do I make the foundation ?
How high do I make the foundation ?
Moisture barrier between the foundation and the cob ?
Getting plumbing and electric wire into the house
Stone Foundations
Choosing stones
Making a stone foundation
To Mortar or not to Mortar ?
Some Other Foundation Options
Poured concrete
Concrete blocks mortared together
Railroad ties and gravel
Earth - filled tires
Agricultural bags filled with earth and tamped
Foundation and drainage summary
FLOORS
General Info to Consider
Make the floor higher than the ground outside
Making the floor
Tamping the ground
Finding level for the floor
Base ( or layers of base materials ) under the floor
Floor base options
Cob floor surface
Floor surface recipe
Putting down a cob floor
Drying your earth floor
Sealing an earth floor
Caring for a cob floor
Repairing a cob floor
Some other floor surface options
COB GLORIOUS COB !
Making Test Bricks
More details about cob ingredients
Sand
Clay
Straw
Tools
Here 's how to make cob
Putting the cob on the wall
Cobbing by foot
Cobbing by hand
Tapering your walls and how wide to make the top of the foundation
Putting the cob to bed at night
Control the wall drying
Sculpting cob shelves and furniture
Burying in shelves , counters , and loft floors
Scaffolds
Electric wiring
Other things to think about
Termites and silverfish
Planning for future additions
Interior walls
Tips for happy cobbers
The cob builders checklist
WINDOWS AND DOORS
Arches
Lintels
Putting the windows and doors in the wall
Things to consider before putting in the windows and doors
Passive solar design - getting the most out of your windows
Ventilation
Views
Noise
Magic windows
Some glass safety tips
Getting rid of unwanted windows
Fun window ideas
Replacing broken glass
ROOFS
Components of a roof system
Beams
Rafters
Nogs or blocks
Bracing
Vertical Posts
Roof sheathing
Gutters
Some common roofs
Domes and Vaults
Cone shaped roof
Shed roof
Gable roof
Gambrel roof
Hipped or Pyramid
Organic shaped roof
Roof design and planning
Building the roof before the walls
Putting the roof on as you build the top of the wall
Roof surfacing
Some roof surface options
Insulation
Ceiling
Possible ceiling materials
PLASTER ( RENDER )
Purposes of plaster
Mixing plaster ( render )
Basic earth plaster
Plaster additions
Applying the plaster or render
Other Plasters
Alis and Paint
Some ideas on adding color
FINISHING TOUCHES
BACKWORD
BOOKS TO READ
Copyright © 1997 by Becky Bee
The author hopes the information in this book will be shared with everyone .
Therefore parts of this book may be reproduced and shared without the permission of the author , so long as the information is freely given and the source is acknowledged .
No parts of this book may be reproduced for profit without the prior written permission of the author .
Send any such requests for permission to :
GROUNDWORKS P.O. Box 381 , Murphy , OR 97533 , U.S.A .
Illustrations by Becky Bee
Book Design by Becky Bee , Alex McMillan , Mitch Spiralstone
Book Layout by Alex McMillan
Ordering Information
For additional copies of this book send your address and US $ 19.95 per book plus :
( within the US or Canada ) US$ 4.00 shipping costs for the first book and US $ 1.00 for each additional book
( outside the US or Canada ) US $ 10.00 shipping costs for the first book plus US $ 2.50 for each additional book
to : GROUNDWORKS P.O. Box 381 , Murphy , OR 97533 , U.S.A .
Contact us for bulk ordering details and overseas shipping prices .
Cob Builders Handbook Home Page
WebLife Home | Library | Cob Builders Handbook
President Obama hosted a reception yesterday at the White House celebrating LGBT Pride month and commemorating the anniversary of the Stonewall riots .
Speaking before a crowd of nearly 300 people , Obama spoke at some length on the Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) , the Matthew Shepard Act and Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell .
President Obama ’s remarks in full below …
And the full transcript …
THE WHITE HOUSE
Office of the Press Secretary
___________________________________________________________
For Immediate Release June 29 , 2009
REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT
AT LGBT PRIDE MONTH RECEPTION
East Room
4:35 P.M. EDT
THE PRESIDENT : Hello , everybody .
Hello , hello , hello .
( Applause . )
Hey !
Good to see you .
( Applause . )
I ’m waiting for FLOTUS here .
FLOTUS always politics more than POTUS .
MRS .
OBAMA : No , you move too slow .
( Laughter . )
THE PRESIDENT : It is great to see everybody here today and they ’re just —
I ’ve got a lot of friends in the room , but there are some people I want to especially acknowledge .
First of all , somebody who helped ensure that we are in the White House , Steve Hildebrand .
Please give Steve a big round of applause .
( Applause . )
Where ’s Steve ?
He ’s around here somewhere .
( Applause . )
The new chair of the Export - Import Bank , Fred Hochberg .
( Applause . )
Where ’s Fred ?
There ’s Fred .
Good to see you , Fred .
Our Director of the Institute of Education Sciences at DOE , John Easton .
Where ’s John ?
( Applause . )
A couple of special friends — Bishop Gene Robinson .
Where ’s Gene ?
( Applause . )
Hey , Gene .
Ambassador Michael Guest is here .
( Applause . )
Ambassador Jim Hormel is here .
( Applause . )
Oregon Secretary of State Kate Brown is here .
( Applause . )
All of you are here .
( Laughter and applause . )
Welcome to your White House .
( Applause . )
So —
AUDIENCE MEMBER : ( Inaudible . ) ( Laughter . )
THE PRESIDENT : Somebody asked from the Lincoln Bedroom here .
( Laughter . )
You knew I was from Chicago too .
( Laughter . )
It ’s good to see so many friends and familiar faces , and I deeply appreciate the support I ’ve received from so many of you .
Michelle appreciates it and I want you to know that you have our support , as well .
( Applause . )
And you have my thanks for the work you do every day in pursuit of equality on behalf of the millions of people in this country who work hard and care about their communities — and who are gay , lesbian , bisexual , or transgender .
( Applause . )
Now this struggle , I do n’t need to tell you , is incredibly difficult , although I think it ’s important to consider the extraordinary progress that we have made .
There are unjust laws to overturn and unfair practices to stop .
And though we ’ve made progress , there are still fellow citizens , perhaps neighbors or even family members and loved ones , who still hold fast to worn arguments and old attitudes ; who fail to see your families like their families ; and who would deny you the rights that most Americans take for granted .
And I know this is painful and I know it can be heartbreaking .
And yet all of you continue , leading by the force of the arguments you make but also by the power of the example that you set in your own lives — as parents and friends , as PTA members and leaders in the community .
And that ’s important , and I ’m glad that so many LGBT families could join us today .
( Applause . )
For we know that progress depends not only on changing laws but also changing hearts .
And that real , transformative change never begins in Washington .
( Cell phone “ quacks . ” )
Whose duck is back there ?
( Laughter . )
MRS .
OBAMA : It ’s a duck .
THE PRESIDENT : There ’s a duck quacking in there somewhere .
( Laughter . )
Where do you guys get these ring tones , by the way ?
( Laughter . )
I ’m just curious .
( Laughter . )
Indeed , that ’s the story of the movement for fairness and equality — not just for those who are gay , but for all those in our history who ’ve been denied the rights and responsibilities of citizenship ; who ’ve been told that the full blessings and opportunities of this country were closed to them .
It ’s the story of progress sought by those who started off with little influence or power ; by men and women who brought about change through quiet , personal acts of compassion and courage and sometimes defiance wherever and whenever they could .
That ’s the story of a civil rights pioneer who ’s here today , Frank Kameny , who was fired — ( applause . )
Frank was fired from his job as an astronomer for the federal government simply because he was gay .
And in 1965 , he led a protest outside the White House , which was at the time both an act of conscience but also an act of extraordinary courage .
And so we are proud of you , Frank , and we are grateful to you for your leadership .
( Applause . )
It ’s the story of the Stonewall protests , which took place 40 years ago this week , when a group of citizens — with few options , and fewer supporters — decided they ’d had enough and refused to accept a policy of wanton discrimination .
And two men who were at those protests are here today .
Imagine the journey that they ’ve travelled .
It ’s the story of an epidemic that decimated a community — and the gay men and women who came to support one another and save one another ; and who continue to fight this scourge ; and who demonstrated before the world that different kinds of families can show the same compassion and support in a time of need — that we all share the capacity to love .
So this story , this struggle , continues today — for even as we face extraordinary challenges as a nation , we cannot — and will not — put aside issues of basic equality .
( Applause . )
We seek an America in which no one feels the pain of discrimination based on who you are or who you love .
And I know that many in this room do n’t believe that progress has come fast enough , and I understand that .
It ’s not for me to tell you to be patient , any more than it was for others to counsel patience to African Americans who were petitioning for equal rights a half century ago .
But I say this :
We have made progress and we will make more .
And I want you to know that I expect and hope to be judged not by words , not by promises I ’ve made , but by the promises that my administration keeps .
And by the time you receive — ( applause . )
We ’ve been in office six months now .
I suspect that by the time this administration is over , I think you guys will have pretty good feelings about the Obama administration .
( Applause . )
Now , while there is much more work to do , we can point to important changes we ’ve already put in place since coming into office .
I ’ve signed a memorandum requiring all agencies to extend as many federal benefits as possible to LGBT families as current law allows .
And these are benefits that will make a real difference for federal employees and Foreign Service Officers , who are so often treated as if their families do n’t exist .
And I ’d like to note that one of the key voices in helping us develop this policy is John Berry , our director of the Office of Personnel Management , who is here today .
And I want to thank John Berry .
( Applause . )
I ’ve called on Congress to repeal the so - called Defense of Marriage Act to help end discrimination — ( applause ) — to help end discrimination against same - sex couples in this country .
Now , I want to add we have a duty to uphold existing law , but I believe we must do so in a way that does not exacerbate old divides .
And fulfilling this duty in upholding the law in no way lessens my commitment to reversing this law .
I ’ve made that clear .
I ’m also urging Congress to pass the Domestic Partners Benefits and Obligations Act , which will guarantee the full range of benefits , including health care , to LGBT couples and their children .
( Applause . )
My administration is also working hard to pass an employee non-discrimination bill and hate crimes bill , and we ’re making progress on both fronts .
( Applause . ) Judy and Dennis Shepard , as well as their son Logan , are here today .
I met with Judy in the Oval Office in May — ( applause ) — and I assured her and I assured all of you that we are going to pass an inclusive hate crimes bill into law , a bill named for their son Matthew .
( Applause . )
In addition , my administration is committed to rescinding the discriminatory ban on entry to the United States based on HIV status .
( Applause . )
The Office of Management and Budget just concluded a review of a proposal to repeal this entry ban , which is a first and very big step towards ending this policy .
And we all know that HIV / AIDS continues to be a public health threat in many communities , including right here in the District of Columbia .
And that ’s why this past Saturday , on National HIV Testing Day , I was proud once again to encourage all Americans to know their status and get tested the way Michelle and I know our status and got tested .
( Applause . )
And finally , I want to say a word about “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ”
As I said before — I ’ll say it again — I believe “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” does n’t contribute to our national security .
( Applause . )
In fact , I believe preventing patriotic Americans from serving their country weakens our national security .
( Applause . )
Now , my administration is already working with the Pentagon and members of the House and the Senate on how we ’ll go about ending this policy , which will require an act of Congress .
Someday , I ’m confident , we ’ll look back at this transition and ask why it generated such angst , but as Commander - in - Chief , in a time of war , I do have a responsibility to see that this change is administered in a practical way and a way that takes over the long term .
That ’s why I ’ve asked the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to develop a plan for how to thoroughly implement a repeal .
I know that every day that passes without a resolution is a deep disappointment to those men and women who continue to be discharged under this policy — patriots who often possess critical language skills and years of training and who ’ve served this country well .
But what I hope is that these cases underscore the urgency of reversing this policy not just because it ’s the right thing to do , but because it is essential for our national security .
Now , even as we take these steps , we must recognize that real progress depends not only on the laws we change but , as I said before , on the hearts we open .
For if we ’re honest with ourselves , we ’ll acknowledge that there are good and decent people in this country who do n’t yet fully embrace their gay brothers and sisters — not yet .
That ’s why I ’ve spoken about these issues not just in front of you , but in front of unlikely audiences — in front of African American church members , in front of other audiences that have traditionally resisted these changes .
And that ’s what I ’ll continue to do so .
That ’s how we ’ll shift attitudes .
That ’s how we ’ll honor the legacy of leaders like Frank and many others who have refused to accept anything less than full and equal citizenship .
Now , 40 years ago , in the heart of New York City at a place called the Stonewall Inn , a group of citizens , including a few who are here today , as I said , defied an unjust policy and awakened a nascent movement .
It was the middle of the night .
The police stormed the bar , which was known for being one of the few spots where it was safe to be gay in New York .
Now , raids like this were entirely ordinary .
Because it was considered obscene and illegal to be gay , no establishments for gays and lesbians could get licenses to operate .
The nature of these businesses , combined with the vulnerability of the gay community itself , meant places like Stonewall , and the patrons inside , were often the victims of corruption and blackmail .
Now , ordinarily , the raid would come and the customers would disperse .
But on this night , something was different .
There are many accounts of what happened , and much has been lost to history , but what we do know is this : People did n’t leave .
They stood their ground .
And over the course of several nights they declared that they had seen enough injustice in their time .
This was an outpouring against not just what they experienced that night , but what they had experienced their whole lives .
And as with so many movements , it was also something more :
It was at this defining moment that these folks who had been marginalized rose up to challenge not just how the world saw them , but also how they saw themselves .
As we ’ve seen so many times in history , once that spirit takes hold there is little that can stand in its way .
( Applause . )
And the riots at Stonewall gave way to protests , and protests gave way to a movement , and the movement gave way to a transformation that continues to this day .
It continues when a partner fights for her right to sit at the hospital bedside of a woman she loves .
It continues when a teenager is called a name for being different and says , “ So what if I am ? ”
It continues in your work and in your activism , in your fight to freely live your lives to the fullest .
In one year after the protests , a few hundred gays and lesbians and their supporters gathered at the Stonewall Inn to lead a historic march for equality .
But when they reached Central Park , the few hundred that began the march had swelled to 5,000 .
Something had changed , and it would never change back .
The truth is when these folks protested at Stonewall 40 years ago no one could have imagined that you — or , for that matter , I — ( laughter ) — would be standing here today .
( Applause . )
So we are all witnesses to monumental changes in this country .
That should give us hope , but we can not rest .
We must continue to do our part to make progress — step by step , law by law , mind by changing mind .
And I want you to know that in this task I will not only be your friend , I will continue to be an ally and a champion and a President who fights with you and for you .
Thanks very much , everybody .
God bless you .
( Applause . )
Thank you .
It ’s a little stuffed in here .
We ’re going to open — we opened up that door .
We ’re going to walk this way , and then we ’re going to come around and we ’ll see some of you over there , all right ?
( Laughter . )
But out there .
( Laughter . )
But thank you very much , all , for being here .
Enjoy the White House .
Thank you .
( Applause . )
END 4:53 P.M. EDT
###
Post by ILO on 06/30/09 at 11:27 am
He calls her a racist too .
Keep it up guys .
LIDDY : Let ’s hope that the key conferences are n’t when she ’s menstruating or something or just before she ’s going to menstruate .
That would really be bad ....
This is just disgusting .
In a new Quinnipiac Poll , Americans favor the nomination of Sonia Sotomayor : 52 - 24 .
A new Quinnipiac poll finds that a majority of Americans approve of President Obama 's pick for the Supreme Court , Sonia Sotomayor .
With Obama 's Supreme Court Justice pick still pending approval by the Senate , the national survey found that 54 percent support the pick and 24 percent disapprove , with 22 percent undecided .
The poll surveyed 1 , 438 registered voters nationwide .
Jon Perr has more on the revolting behavior of the far right .
Back in 1995 , Newt Gingrich famously concluded menstruation rendered women unfit for combat roles in the military .
Now just two days after Gingrich branded Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor " racist , " convicted Watergate felon and right - wing radio host G. Gordon Liddy agreed that both of Newt 's arguments disqualify Sotomayor .
Period .
After echoing Tom Tancredo's slander that the National Council of La Raza to which Sotomayor belongs is a " Latino KKK , " Liddy Thursday recycled Gingrich 's theory of menstrual disqualification : " Let 's hope that the key conferences are n't when she 's menstruating or something , or just before she 's going to menstruate .
That would really be bad .
Lord knows what we would get then . "
If that pathetic formula sounds familiar , it should .
As the New York Times recounted 14 years ago , Newt suggested menstruation should keep women out of essential roles in the American military , if not off the bench : ... read on
With Republicans like Liddy , Tancredo , Rush and Newt --- conservatives are right where they should be .
In the tank ...
New research by scientists in the U.S. has revealed that the disrupted sleep which results from jet lag and shift work occurs in two separate but linked groups of neurons below the hypothalamus at the base of the brain .
The fatigue caused by jet lag and shift work is a direct result of disruption to the body 's normal rhythms and is a problem for both travellers and those who work in rotating shifts .
The symptoms of jet lag include fatigue , sleepiness , digestive upsets , impaired judgement and decision making , memory lapses , irritability and apathy .
The body is synchronised to night and day by the effect of sunlight through brain chemicals or neurotransmitters , especially melatonin and many bodily processes are set by this 24 - hour physiological ‘ clock ’ - these include temperature , hormones , digestion , heart rate , blood pressure and brain states .
This changing rate of activity over each 24 - hour period is called the circadian rhythm ( ‘ circadian ’ means approximately one day ) .
The new research from the University of Washington ( UW ) shows the disruption occurs in two separate but linked groups of neurons in a structure called the suprachiasmatic nucleus , below the hypothalamus at the base of the brain - one group is synchronized with deep sleep that results from physical fatigue and the other controls the dream state of rapid eye movement , or REM , sleep .
The ventral , or bottom , neurons receive light information directly from the eyes and govern rhythms in tune with periods of light and dark - while the dorsal , or top , neurons do not receive direct light information and so govern rhythms as a more independent internal , or circadian , biological clock .
Dr Horacio de la Iglesia , a UW associate professor of biology , and the lead author of the study , says it appears that some of the body 's rhythms are " more loyal " to the ventral neurons and others are much more in tune with the dorsal neurons .
In normal circumstances the two neuron groups are synchronized with each other , but disruptions such as jet travel across time zones or shift work can throw the cycles out of kilter .
Deep sleep is most closely tied to light - dark cycles and typically adjusts to a new schedule in a couple of days , but REM sleep is more tied to the light - insensitive dorsal neurons and can be out of sync for a week or more .
Dr de la Iglesia says when a 22 - hour light - dark cycle is imposed on animals , the ventral center can catch up but the dorsal does n't adapt and defaults to its own inner cycle .
For his research he used laboratory rats with a normal cycle of 25 hours and when the artificial 22 - hour light - dark schedule was imposed , he found that the rats ' deep sleep , largely governed by light but also a response to fatigue , quickly adapted to the 22 - hour cycle , while their REM sleep continued to follow a 25 - hour cycle and as a result , REM sleep did not occur in a normal progression following deep sleep .
Dr de la Iglesia says they found that after exposing rats to a shift of the light - dark timing that simulates a trip from Paris to New York , REM sleep needed 6 to 8 days to catch up with non-REM , or deep , sleep - the sleep you usually experience in the first part of the night .
He says the two types of sleep overlap immediately after the simulated jet lag occurs and there is a greater likelihood of the animals entering REM sleep earlier than they should and this possibly explains why it can take several days for travellers and shift workers to adapt to their new schedules and could also explain why jet lag is associated with lower learning performance because the disruption of the normal circadian sequence of sleep states is very detrimental to learning .
Dr de la Iglesia says one of the problems is that you are doing things at times that your body is n't prepared to do them - one group of neurons is telling your body it is Paris time and another that it is New York time and as a result the body is internally desynchronized .
Previous research has indicated that treatments such as physical activity can help the body resynchronize its rhythms following jet lag and Dr de la Iglesia believes his research could be useful in fine - tuning pharmaceutical and other therapies .
The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health and the Mary Gates Endowment for Students at the UW and is published online in Current Biology .
Call our world ( the actual world ) " W 1 " and the zombie world " W 2 . "
Call the set of W 1 properties in virtue of which W 1 is distinct from W 2 " Φ 1 , " and the set of W 2 properties in virtue of which W 2 is distinct from W 1 " Φ 2 . "
Finally , call the set of all the properties in common between W 1 and W 2 " Ω . "
Philosophical " zombies " are imaginary beings that are exactly like us , except that they lack " phenomenal " consciousness -- the kind of consciousness that makes it " like something " for us to see , for instance , a red dot .
Whereas our world is phenomenally laden , you might say , the zombie world is phenomenally void .
Now imagine a third world , which we 'll call ( you guessed it ) " W 3 . " W 3 is identical to both W 1 and W 2 in respect of Ω .
What distinguishes W 3 is that it begins its existential career as a conjunction of Ω and Φ 2 , but then at some time t undergoes a phase change , whereafter it persists as the conjunction of Ω and Φ 1 .
In other words , W 3 is phenomenally void until t , and phenomenally laden thereafter .
Suppose that at t minus 1 , George 3 , an adult denizen of W 3 , and incidentally a loyal reader of this blog ( or rather , its W 3 counterpart ) , looks at the following dot :
George 3 , at this point still anaqualiac , says aloud : " I am looking at a red dot . "
( George 3 , like his otherworldly counterparts , has a habit of talking to himself . )
Still curious ( at least apparently , for he is furrowed of brow ) about where this whole argument is headed , George 3 continues to read on until , at t plus a split second , he reaches the end of this sentence , and again looks at the dot following it :
George 3 again notes aloud , " Well , that 's the same red dot as before . "
And it is the " same " dot .
But of course something has changed : George 3 is actually conscious of seeing the red dot .
Now , by hypothesis , this seemingly striking change in the way of things makes absolutely no difference to George 3 's outward behavior : W 1 , W 2 and W 3 are all identical in their Ω properties , and those properties are supposed to include ( at the very least ) all observable behavior .
However , it is difficult to imagine that George 3 , suddenly endowed with phenomenal consciousness , would not react to this fact in some observable way : " OMFG !
I can ... see !!
I can see the dot !!
I mean , really see it !!!
[ Bursts through the front door , laptop in hand . ]
Look , everybody !
Do you see the red dot ?!
[ Now weeping . ]
Oh ... God -- it 's so beautiful ! "
But ... no , the zombie hypothesis has George 3 going on exactly as before , as if nothing at all had changed .
If the counterintuitiveness of the situation at W 3 suggests there is something wrong with the zombie hypothesis , there are at least two lines of response open .
The first is simply to concede that W 3 is inconceivable , but point out there 's no clear reason W 3 's inconceivability should impede the conceivability of W 2 . [ 1 ]
The second is to argue that the seemingly incongruous behavioral continuity is explained by some isomorphism between W 1 and W 2 ( or W 3 before t and W 3 after t ) .
The first line of argument at least seems fishy to me .
It is true that the apparent incongruity in W 3 is generated by the distinctive " phase change , " arguably a feature that makes the distinction between W 3 and the others look like an easy call .
But I think this move smuggles in the sort of dynamical assumptions that zombie arguments need to bracket out . [ 2 ]
The phase change , as I 've defined it , does n't invoke a separate , dynamical , causal element ; rather , it simply marks the time of an ontologically brute change in W 3 's career from the era of phenomenal voidness to the era of phenomenal ladenness .
That being so , there does n't seem to be any principled difference between deploying the zombie concept at W 3 and deploying it at W 2 ; W 3 is merely a way of looking at the zombie hypothesis in light of further considerations .
If so , and if W 3 is inconceivable , this counterintuitiveness would seem to provide further reasons for ( fatal ? ) suspicion about the zombie hypothesis .
The second line of response , that of appealing to some relevant isomorphism , might go something like this .
A given instance of ( pseudo ) reference to a quale at W 2 supervenes on certain Ω properties , but its outwardly reliable ( pseudo ) referential success supervenes on some cluster of Φ 2 properties , say φ 2 .
This cluster is isomorphic in some way ( we will stipulate ) to the cluster of " intrinsic " Φ 1 properties , say φ 1 , that subtends the successful reference to the corresponding quale in W 1 .
And it's this isomorphism that grounds the behavioral continuity observed in W 3 : the ontological substrate φ 2 of George 3 's memory or representation of " red " at all t minus n subsequently , at t , gets " phenomenalized " ( i.e. , roughly , replaced with φ 1 ) , but this φ 1 - induced phenomenal aspect only " takes the place " that φ 2 held , and therefore does n't " add " anything that should cause George 3 to behave differently .
But this tack raises two new concerns .
First , it construes " intrinsic " properties , which are supposed to be nonfunctional , in a very functionalistic way : the isomorphism between Φ 1 and Φ 2 is cast as the " normalizing " factor in George 's behavior .
Second , it is in tension with a view about phenomenal judgment , advanced by David Chalmers , according to which our knowledge claims regarding qualia are justified all and only by the " intimate epistemic relation " we have to our qualia experience .
Here , however , the justification for George 3 's post -t judgment about red can't be justified by his acquaintance with it , because by hypothesis he'd never before been acquainted with it .
Yet ( for all that ) George 3 's judgment seems perfectly justified .
If that 's right , then zombie advocates owe us some other account of justification for phenomenal judgments .
_________________
NOTES
1 . I am ambivalent about whether zombies are ideally conceivable , but have argued elsewhere that to whatever extent they are , their conceivability only undermines the force of the argument from the possibility of zombies to the potential explanatory efficacy of " nonphysical " or " intrinsic " properties .
2. See Peter Bokulich 's " Putting Zombies to Rest : The Role of Dynamics in Reduction " ( pdf ) .
Writing a face recognition library interface is hard .
Really hard .
Posted by Louis Brandy on 08 June 2009
This is a post I 've wanted to write for awhile .
This was n't the post I had hoped it to be .
The original working title was " Writing a library interface is hard .
Really hard . "
The way the post was supposed to go was with me explaining a whole bunch of general problems with writing good programmatic interfaces for libraries and then giving some helpful advice .
Over time I realized that each library has such unique problems that general advice is almost entirely worthless .
It involves balancing so many factor and in some cases the answers are obvious ( a jpeg library really only has a handful of functions ) or prior - art exists ( GUI toolkits ) that will help you .
Other times , you are on your own and it becomes quite a struggle .
So instead of my general advice that will save all of mankind , let me explain some of our struggles , and I 'll let you figure out the lessons learned for your situation .
Oh , and as if the engineering challenges were n't enough , you need n't forget to add in these supplementary exercises that are among the most tedious in all of programming .
Crushed Souls
Documentation .
It is not fun .
We both know it .
And yet , you absolutely must have it and if you 've done it right , it 'll be incredibly useful .
The sad truth is that most people wo n't read it .
Example Programs .
Virtually everyone who uses your library will skip straight by the docs and straight to the example programs .
These can not be bad .
Try to make at least one short , simple , and hello - worldish .
It should be easy to find .
Error reporting .
Figure out a way to handle errors in a useful manner and report that information back to the developer .
This is probably the second most soul crushing endeavor in all of programming .
Meetings .
Did someone mentioning soul crushing ?
The only way to hammer out a good API is to get a bunch of people in a room and look at interfaces , functionality , paradigms , and conventions , and decide what is good and bad .
As a word of warning , these meetings will not be short .
Iterate .
You simply can not get it right the first time .
This should n't come as a surprise .
Iterate early , and iterate often .
Work out a prototype H file first and work from there .
Get that into a room with other devs and walk through the use cases .
That H file is your spec .
Usability vs Flexibility
This is where it gets difficult .
Our SDK typically has been geared towards ease of use , not power .
This meant that certain sophisticated things we do with our internal codebase are n't possible to replicate using our SDK .
For example , we have a live camera - fed demo that devoted some threads to video processing ( face detection & tracking ) and real - time display , and some other threads for psuedo - background recognition that updates the onscreen results as they come in .
The complicated mix of threads and asynchronous nature of the recognition made this a non-trivial program to write .
While possible , our old SDK was fundamentally ill - equipped to replicate it .
If you want to build an easy - to - use library , it 's fairly straightforward .
You pick a few use cases , do those right , and everyone else be damned .
We decided , recently , to expose more functionality to make it capable of all the complicated and nuanced things you might want to do .
This resulted in marathon meetings , lots of teeth gnashing , and at least one heated argument .
And you can take it too far .
More than once , while at the whiteboard , we 'd finally convinced ourselves that this particular set of functionality lets everyone do everything .
At that point it became clear , however , that it 's all so complicated that you 'll need five times the documentation and no particular user has any hope of actually getting it right on their own .
So now you 've traded feature request emails for " how do I get this to work ? " emails .
We went back to the literal drawing board .
High - level vs Low - level
Our original face recognition SDK basically had one function .
Given two faces , you got a score .
That was it -- pretty much the epitome of low level .
From there , everything else follows .
It turns out , of course , that everything else is n't so simple .
Some people want to compare a probe face to a gallery of faces and find the best match .
Other people want to take all the faces in some unorganized collections and organize it .
In any use case , you 'd need to build up a fair bit of infrastructure .
You 'd have to handle saving , caching , and re-using previous results .
If you want to use a huge dataset , its up to you to figure out how to partition the data , and how best to thread it .
There was quite a bit for you to get right .
And more often than not , we found people getting it very , very wrong .
Eventually we realized that in any one use case , a developer using our SDK would have to create so many things and get so many of them right , that it simply would n't be feasible for him to get the system he wanted .
At least not as well as we could .
We 'd thought long and hard about some of these problems and could build solutions that were simply better .
Adding all of these functions while maintaining full flexibility resulted in a dozen functions ( instead of our original one ) .
Every function you add adds to the pain .
It create complexity , documentation , and work .
But we trimmed down to some minimal set that best balanced all these factors and pushed forward .
Elegance
When you find a non-trivial library that works spectacularly out of the box , you 've found a piece of programming gold .
It 's a library that handles the easy and common cases trivially .
It 's a library whose abstractions snap together so well that you can almost do what you want without looking at the documentation .
It 's documentation that is easy to use and results in quick and accurate answers .
And when one day you realize you need something a bit more sophisticated , the feature is there waiting for you .
You should n't take it for granted .
It 's so incredibly hard to get right .
So in that spirit , I 'd like to nominate Qt as the most elegant and well - documented library I 've ever used .
Our SDK is not there , yet .
All we need is about 100 iterations of progressive refinement .
Dragon Age : Origins utilizes a new game engine named Eclipse .
It has been confirmed that a toolset for creation of fan - made content will be included , though it is a single - player only game .
BioWare co-CEO Ray Muzyka describes Dragon Age : Origins as a ' spiritual successor ' to the Baldur 's Gate series , though it is not based on Dungeons & Dragons .
More Information at Dragon Age : Origins is a computer role - playing game currently in development by BioWare 's Edmonton studio .
BioWare has announced that the game will be released for Windows , Xbox 360 , and PlayStation 3 on October 20th , 2009 in North America and October 23rd , 2009 in Europe .
Dragon Age : Origins utilizes a new game engine named Eclipse .
It has been confirmed that a toolset for creation of fan - made content will be included , though it is a single - player only game .
BioWare co-CEO Ray Muzyka describes Dragon Age : Origins as a ' spiritual successor ' to the Baldur 's Gate series , though it is not based on Dungeons & Dragons .
More Information at www.dragonage.bioware.com .
Images and Videos Courtesy of EA International LTD .
def detectCPUs ( ) :
" " "
Detects the number of CPUs on a system .
Cribbed from pp .
" " "
# Linux , Unix and MacOS :
if hasattr ( os , " sysconf " ) :
if os .
sysconf_names .
has_key ( " SC_NPROCESSORS_ONLN " ):
# Linux & Unix :
ncpus = os . sysconf( " SC_NPROCESSORS_ONLN " )
if isinstance ( ncpus , int ) and ncpus >
0 :
return ncpus
else : # OSX :
return int ( os . popen2 ( " sysctl -n hw.ncpu " ) [ 1 ] . read ( ) )
# Windows :
if os .
environ .
has_key ( " NUMBER_OF_PROCESSORS " ):
ncpus = int ( os . environ [ " NUMBER_OF_PROCESSORS " ] ) ;
if ncpus >
0 :
return ncpus
return 1 # Default
detectCPUs ( )
multiprocessing
import multiprocessing
cpus = multiprocessing . cpu_count ( )
multiprocessing
multiprocessing
multiprocessing
multiprocessing
threading
threading
multiprocessing
When building Python applications with any level of concurrency , it is often useful to know how many CPUs are available for instruction processing within the system .
It is useful for applications to have this information because decisions of how to best utilize the system for concurrency can be made at runtime using this CPU information .
In Python , a common way to retrieve the number of CPUs on a given system is to retrieve the number of CPUs from system configuration values as shown in this entry .
Here is the actual function taken from the entry : Using thisfunction , developers can retrieve the number of CPUs available on any major platform .
This is done by checking what is available in the system configuration and using that to determine if and where the number of CPUs is stored .
There is one very basic problem to using this approach in that it introduces new code at the application level that is already implemented at the Python language level in themodule .
There is a much simpler and more elegant method of retrieving the number of CPUs available on the system .
This method of retrieving the CPU count is superior as far as the separation of concerns principle .
Themodule is concerned with CPU matters such as how many of them exist .
Your application is also concerned with this information , obviously , otherwise it would n't be usingto begin with .
However , it is only the return value your application is concerned with , not the implementation of how the number of CPUs is retrieved .
For older versions of Python , sincewas only introduced in Python 2.6 , there exists a backport on pypi .
This simply means that your application setup needs to depend on this package in order to support older Python versions .
A use case for using the number of CPUs available on a system within the context of a Python application would be maximizing the concurrency efficiency .
Theandmodules share the same interfaces for most abstractions .
This means that the application could make a decision at runtime on which module is best suited for the job based on the number of available CPUs .
If there is a single CPU on the system in question , themodule might be better suited .
There there are multiple processors available , thenmight be better suited .
After decades of the same old coins and bills , the US is getting new money .
New bills , with an improved face and boring , ugly backs have been designed to make counterfeiting more difficult .
A new one dollar coin , one of the best looking coins since the walking liberty silver dollar , was created to reduce the use of dollar bills , which literally wear out in six months and have to be replaced .
And fifty new quarters , one for each state , were created to see how many people are dumb enough to spend twenty bucks on a cardboard map of the US .
As we work our way down to lower denominations , we should plan on bringing back the US 's first coin .
In 1787 the Continental Congress of the Confederation commissioned the first penny .
Designed by Ben Franklin , the front featured the sun rising over a sun dial .
The word " Fugio , " Latin for " I fly , " sat next to the sundial , reminding everyone that tempus fugit .
But most importantly , at least as far as this article is concerned , was the motto under the sundial , which admonished everyone to " Mind Your Business . "
Some scholars believe that this was intended as advice to business owners , but if they 're correct it blows the whole premise of this article , so we 'll brush that interpretation aside .
If we had to condense the Bill of Rights , boil all ten of them them down into a single right , the demi-glasse of the constitution would be " The People have A Right To Be Left Alone . "
The BoR says the government has to leave us alone regardless of what we think , who we hang out with , what we do in our own homes and what we choose to reveal to them .
The Feds pretty much ignore these rights , much to the delight of the Prison Guard 's union , but that 's a tangent for another article .
Having the Feds mint billions of coins that say " Mind Your Own Business " would be a good reminder for them .
It would be nice for atheists to be able to use at least one form of money that did n't have religion plastered all over it .
The phrase " In God We Trust " is about as generic as a religious statement can be , but even generic religious statements do n't belong on money unless you 're living under the Taliban .
People with no invisible means of support shouldn�t be forced to carry around a motto they do n't believe .
On the other end of the spectrum , some religious people do n't think it�s a good idea to mix god with filthy lucre .
( Although most do n't seem to mind . )
Teddy Roosevelt had the phrase left off of $ 20 gold coins in 1907 because he felt that it was blasphemous to have millions of dirty hands caressing the word " God " just before passing it on in saloons , gambling halls , and brothels .
Congress responded stupidly ( surprise surprise ) and made it law that , along with law abiding people , every hooker , bootlegger , drug dealer , extortionist , lawyer , pornographer and blackmailer be paid off with money bearing the word " God . "
Speaking of blackmailers , Clinton just signed another nanny law .
It requires states to declare that a hundred twenty pound woman who has had two glasses of wine is legally drunk .
The federal government is forcing this the same way they forced states to raise the drinking age to twenty - one and lower the speed limit to fifty - five - with blackmail .
States that don�t comply with Hillbilly 's mandate will loose two percent of their federal matching funds for highway development .
This is money that comes from the states originally , gets delivered to the Feds , and they return some of it , less a shipping and handling fee .
( Most states also notice the contents have settled during shipping . )
Would n't it be great if , in response to this kind of intrusive federal arm twisting , states could pay those taxes in pennies � billions of them , loose , in boxcars and tractor trailers , every one of them telling the Feds to mind their own business ?
How many would it take to bury the Washington monument ?
When someone asks , " What are you thinking ? "
I 'm always tempted to spit back , " If I wanted you to know I would n't be thinking , I 'd be talking . "
Fugio cents would allow a much more polite reply .
I could tell her ( and it 's always a her , men do n't ask that question ) " I 'd prefer you 'd say ' a penny for your thoughts . ' "
Then have her actually take out a penny .
Then have her read it .
Imagine if just a few percent of the population would take this motto to heart .
Life would be noticeably better with fewer nannies in our lives and our government , telling us what to do and how to do it .
And when someone refused to abide by it would could remind them by tossing them a few pennies .
We could toss them very , very firmly .
Firmly enough that we could recognize nannies by the coins embedded in their foreheads .
It 's hard to find a better , simpler piece of advice , or a phrase that answers so many difficult questions so well .
What is the essence of good government ?
Of good business ?
Of solid friendships ?
Of successful relationships ?
Of being a good neighbor ?
Of being a good employer ?
Mind your own business .
Mind your own business .
That 's my two cents worth .
Other Links
More information on the fuigo cent .
November , 2000
Comments ?
© 2000 Dave Hitt
Data driven configuration
Powerful data driven config that provides an easy to use load / save system .
Write one line of code to create a full featured object .
Change data without recompiling !
Apple 's latest Mac mini continues to demonstrate the company 's capacity to develop personal computers that are both smaller and more attractive than those of its rivals , but achieving its sleeker design footprint comes at the expense of razor - thin profit margins , a new tear - down cost analysis reveals .
Market research firm iSuppli , which has made a name for itself in recent years by tearing apart the some of the hottest electronics products on the market and then performing an analysis of their component makeup , says the new entry - level $ 599 Mac mini carries a bill - of - materials of $ 376.20 , which increases to $ 387.14 when manufacturing costs are added .
Assuming the study is accurate , that leaves Apple with just over $ 200 in margin potential before factoring in costs associated with hardware engineering , royalties and licensing fees , software development , software loading and test , shipping , logistics marketing and other supply channel fees .
â Unlike most desktop computers from other brands , the Mac Mini and , indeed , Appleâs entire Mac line make extensive use of components designed for notebook computers , â said Andrew Rassweiler , director and principal analyst for iSuppli .
â This enables the Mini and other members of Appleâs computer line to achieve their very sleek and compact form factors , and to reduce energy consumption .
However , the use of these components , along with other cost adders like software , yields a computer that is more expensive to make .â 
For example , iSuppli notes that the Mac miniâs focus on mobile components starts at the top with its use of Intel Corp.âs Core 2 Duo P7350 microprocessor , which is designated as a mobile chip .
The model dissected by the firm incorporated a 2GHz clock speed version the P7350 , which carries an estimated price of $ 118.35 .
The high - end $ 799 Mac Mini features a 2.26GHz version of the microprocessor .
Another mobile microchip embedded in the Mac Mini is the Nvidia GeForce 9400 M graphics and I/O controller hub , which carries an estimated price tag of $ 65.16 .
This is the same part commonly uses by Apple in its MacBook line , iSuppli notes .
Other mobile components in the Mac Mini that command a price premium include the 2.5 - inch form factor Hard Disk Drive ( HDD ) and the slim Optical Disk Drive ( ODD ) .
The Hitachi 120 GByte 2.5 - inch - format HDD comes in at an estimated price of $ 46 , while the ODD is priced at $ 32 .
i Suppli also notes that in spite of the mini's use of some mobile components , and the latest energy - saving silicon process geometries , it sports a great deal of processing power .
As a result , the diminutive desktop employs a 110 - watt external power supply , representing a higher power usage than the first - generation model , which employed an 85 - watt power supply .
â The new Mac Mini is a more powerful computer than the first - generation model , causing its peak power requirements to rise , â Rassweiler said .
" On the other hand , the Mac Mini has earned its green designation as it consumes less than 13 watts when in idle mode . "
It is not just Finland 's successful rally drivers who put their feet down
Jussi Salonoja , the 27 - year - old heir to a family - owned sausage empire , was given the £ 116,000 ticket after being caught driving 80 km / h in a 40 km / h zone .
Helsinki police came up with the figure after tax office data showed that Mr Salonoja earned close to £ 7 m in 2002 .
If his penalty stands it will beat the previous record of almost 80,000 euros .
That figure ( £ 54,000 ) was paid in 2000 by Finnish internet millionaire Jaakko Rytsola , when he was caught speeding .
Yet Mr Salonoja could yet get his penalty reduced , as was the case with Nokia executive Anssi Vanjoki .
In 2002 , Mr Vanjoki 's 116,000 euros fine was reduced by no less than 95 % due to his drop in income following a downturn in the mobile phone maker 's profits .
The root of road rage : Humans are territorial , and the car is an extension of a person 's territory , AAA says .
Image
In a new survey on which of 25 major U.S. cities have the most aggressive drivers , Miami dropped from 1st to 7th , Reuters reports .
The Top 3 :
New York Dallas / Fort Worth Detroit
Hey !
My city should be No. 1 . @# %$@# !
Yes , and it 's exactly that attitude that gives us road rage .
While no statistics are kept specifically on road rage , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) estimates that aggressive driving causes about a third of all crashes and about two - thirds of automobile fatalities .
And studies show it 's not just total jerks who become enraged .
But why does getting behind the wheel transform the meek and mild into raving , dangerous idiots ?
What causes road rage ?
Simple : " Human beings are territorial ...
The car is an extension of this territory , " according to AAA .
True that .
Plus , as a 2008 study found , humans crave violence just like sex .
Watch out particularly for wide - faced men , known to be more aggressive than others .
There 's another factor : Negative actions play out bigger than positive acts , University of Chicago researchers say .
Feeling slighted can have a bigger effect on how a person responds than being the recipient of perceived generosity , the researchers found .
" For instance in driving , if you are kind and let someone go in front of you , that driver may be considerate in response .
But if you cut someone off , that person may react very aggressively , and this could escalate to road rage , " said University of Chicago psychology professor Boaz Keysar .
" Small slights could escalate to unbelievable , irrational feuds . "
There 's even a disorder thought to be behind extreme cases of road rage among some people : " intermittent explosive disorder , which is " characterized by recurrent episodes of angry and potentially violent outbursts — seen in cases of road rage or spousal abuse , " wrote Ronald Kessler Harvard Medical School and colleagues .
Intermittent explosive disorder " has been found to be much more common than previously thought , " Kessler and colleagues wrote in the Archives of General Psychiatry in 2006 .
" Depending upon how broadly it is defined , this disorder affects as many as 7.3 percent of adults , or 16 million Americans , in their lifetimes . "
Attacks resulting from the disorder " are out of proportion to the social stressors triggering them " and are n't related to other mental disorders , according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders .
" People with this disorder overreact to situations with uncontrollable rage , feel a sense of relief during the angry outburst , and then feel remorseful about their actions , " Kessler and colleagues wrote .
The flipping of the bird comes to mind .
But it 's not clear to me how the remorse is ever manifested .
I saw a woman shrug once just after she almost ran me over .
Times have changed
Americans can all be proud that " road rage " is a term that is believed to have originated in the United States , according to research by AAA .
And while it 's been around for decades , it is changing .
Road rage has gone high - tech .
When AAA surveyed 526 motorists in 1995 , the biggest road - rage related complaint : tailgating .
In the new survey , the biggest gripe : other drivers talking on cell phones .
Of course there 's a difference between lousy driving ( talking on the cell phone makes you as bad as a drunk driver ) , aggressive driving , and road rage .
But on the road , where we 're all being a little territorial , little things can escalate .
In an ongoing LiveScience poll , 67 percent ( as of this writing ) say cell phones should be banned while driving .
A final note for the high - and - mighty who can't stand road rage :
It 's quite possible you 're as bad as the next guy .
A decade ago , researchers found that drivers who think they do n't have a problem with anger while driving can be just as angry and dangerous on the road as those who know they are aggressive drivers .
On that note , check out Edmunds.com 's list of 10 tips to avoid road rage , including my favorite : Your car is not a therapist .
In The Water Cooler , Imaginova 's Editorial Director Robert Roy Britt looks at what people are talking about in the world of science and beyond .
Find more in the archives and on Twitter .
A new show set to grace Turkish television screens will see a Muslim imam , a Christian priest , a Jewish rabbi and a Buddhist monk competing to turn 10 unbelievers into devotees of their own faith each week .
The show , " Tövbekarlar Yarış ıyor , " which can be roughly translated as " Penitents Compete , " will appear on Kanal T starting in early September .
The imam , priest , rabbi and monk will try to convert at least one person in every show .
Kanal T was launched in January 2008 with mostly female presenters in front of the camera and also has a chairwoman managing the media group .
Seyhan Soylu , a famous transsexual known as " Sisi , " is the mastermind behind the new religion - themed program and will be moderated by well - known female newscaster Gülgün Feyman .
The show ’s producer is model Ayşe Önal .
Kanal T Deputy Director Ahmet Özdemir told the Hürriyet Daily News & Economic Review that the program is the first of its kind in the world .
" The project aims to turn disbelievers into [ believers in ]
God , " no matter which religion they choose in the end , Özdemir said , adding that he believes the program will also be useful for those who want to learn more about other religions .
" When people heard that we were going to air a program called ’ Penitents Compete , ’ it was hard for them to see what it was all about , but many people are waiting impatiently [ for the show ] .
" The program will only take place in the studio , unlike shows such as " Big Brother , " where contestants are isolated together in a house .
An eight - person team of theologians and producers , which Özdemir refers to as a commission , will be sifting through the applicants to check their atheist credentials .
Each week , a different group of atheists will appear in front of the religious leaders .
The producers of the show are well aware that there is a chance none of the atheists will be convinced by the arguments presented to them .
Yet if an ex-atheist is " persuaded " to start following one of the religions , he or she will have the chance to travel to that religion ’s center , whether Jerusalem for Christians and Jews or Mecca for Muslims or Tibet for Buddhists .
"
The commission will also follow them after the show .
They ca n’t see this trip as a getaway , but as a religious experience , " Özdemir said .
" People are free to believe in anything they want .
Our program does not have a say .
" The yet - to - air program has already drawn reactions from many people , mostly Christians .
Hakkı Devrim , a television commentator and columnist for daily Radikal called the idea absurd and said such a show insults religion .
" Religion is not a science , and it is not open to discussion , " Devrim said , adding that the program offers atheists a chance to voice their own thoughts .
"
If I had to describe it with a word , it would be ’ unsuitable , ’ " said the columnist , who advised Kanal T not to take the risk of airing such a show in Turkey .
"
It ’s not worth the risk , " he said .
Prof. Mustafa Çağrıcı , an Istanbul mufti and the provincial head of the Religious Affairs Directorate , partially agreed with Devrim , saying religions could be discussed , but not on such a television program .
He said such an extreme program could create complications in peoples ’ minds .
" I do n’t know about the legal or media process of it , but as an academic , I do n’t find it right to discuss religion in such environments , " Çağrıcı said .
Noting that the Religious Affairs Directorate is responsible for any appearances of imams on television , as well as the content of their speeches , Çağrıcı said if the imam participating in the show worked within the Istanbul borders , he would not have let him appear .
While the mufti believes that " Penitents Compete " will not contribute to public peace and could have negative consequences , sociologists believe the show reflects a social trend .
"
It is the reflection of rising curiosity toward religion , " sociologist Nilüfer Narlı from Istanbul Bahçeşehir University said , adding that for the past 10 years , there has been an increase in people ’s interest in topics such as religion .
Narlı said people want to learn about different religions .
" Though I ’m not sure what the show will bring for Turkey .
" The advertisements for the program read , " You will find serenity in this competition , " " We give you the biggest prize ever ; we represent the belief in God , " " Believe , repent , God will forgive you " and " We reconcile opposite poles . "
The TV channel claims " Penitents Compete " is a gift for Turkey .
The Armenian and Greek Orthodox patriarchates declined to comment on the show .
An alleged spammer could face jail time in connection with a Facebook lawsuit after a judge referred him to the U.S. Attorney General 's Office for criminal proceedings .
Judge Jeremy Fogel of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California referred Sanford Wallace ( who has been dubbed a " spam king " for his long and aggressive history in e-mail marketing ) l to the U.S. Attorney General 's Office for criminal proceedings for allegedly violating an injunction that prohibited him from accessing Facebook .
Facebook filed a lawsuit against Wallace and two other men in February for spamming and phishing schemes through the social - networking site .
The following week , Judge Fogel issued a temporary restraining order barring Wallace and two other alleged spammers , Adam Arzoomanian and Scott Shaw , from accessing Facebook 's network .
" We see Fogel 's ruling as a strong deterrent against spammers .
Spammers feel that they are immune from criminal prosecution .
Fogel 's ruling demonstrates that judges will enforce restraining orders and spammers who violate them will face criminal prosecution , " said Barry Schnitt , a Facebook spokesman .
However , judgment for Facebook 's ongoing civil lawsuit against Wallace has been stayed as the defendant has filed for bankruptcy .
Court judgments involving money are usually stalled when a defendant files for bankruptcy , Schnitt said .
Wallace 's days as a spammer date back to the 1990s .
Last May a federal judge found him and a partner guilty under the CAN - SPAM act .
He was ordered to pay US $ 230 million for phishing and spamming MySpace users with links to gambling and pornography Web sites .
Both AOL and Compuserve also brought legal action against him more than 10 years ago .
Several studios are currently taking legal action against Australian ISP iiNet .
They accuse iiNet of failing to take steps to stop its subscribers from sharing files by disconnecting them from the Internet .
Now iiNet has been ordered to hand over the personal details and logs relating to twenty alleged pirates , to anti-piracy group AFACT .
The battle between several studios – Village Roadshow , Universal Pictures , Warner Bros Entertainment , Paramount Pictures , Sony Pictures Entertainment , Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation , Disney Enterprises , Inc. and the Seven Network ( under the umbrella of AFACT ) , against Australian ISP iiNet continues to drag on .
AFACT had demanded that iiNet disconnected alleged copyright infringers but the ISP refused .
Earlier we reported how AFACT had got an individual to sign up as an iiNet customer and commit a kind of ‘ authorized copyright infringement ’ in order to gather evidence on alleged pirates .
AFACT then complained to iiNet of this individual ’s ‘ infringements ’ but iiNet took no action against him , boosting the claims that the ISP knew about piracy , but did nothing about it .
Now , according to an iTNews report , iiNet has been ordered by Australia ’s Federal Court to hand over the records of twenty ‘ pirate ’ customers .
The information will include IP addresses allocated to these individuals and their “ download histories ” – it is far from clear what these records will consist of or how detailed they are .
The information will be used as evidence in the case , but fortunately for these twenty individuals , information which personally identifies them will be removed .
The disclosures could ’ve been even greater in number , since Steve Dalby from iiNet told iTnews that AFACT originally wanted the details from 300 - 400 customer accounts to be handed over .
An AFACT spokesman confirmed that several of the twenty accounts had been nominated by the anti-piracy group since these were tracked transferring material by their investigator .
Executive Director of AFACT Adrianne Pecotic commented , “ We are confident that the sample of twenty accounts ordered by the Court to be provided by iiNet will be more than adequate to illustrate the infringing behaviour of iiNet ’s subscribers . ”
On the other side , iiNet has voiced concern that so far AFACT has refused to hand over documents which would reveal if it made copyright - related demands such as those outlined in this case to ISPs other than iiNet .
Steve Dalby of iiNet said they were trying to work out why AFACT and its Hollywood paymasters had chosen to pick on one Australian ISP to take action .
“ AFACT has n’t told us what it is we did n’t do ; they have simply said we did n’t take reasonable steps to stop copyright infringement on our network .
What we ’re trying to understand is what arrangements are defined as reasonable , ” iiNet ’s Dalby told iTnews .
“ There are 400 ISPs operating in Australia .
If we were expected to take specific actions that nobody else is required to undertake , we would argue that is quite unreasonable .
So we are asking AFACT the question while under the confidentiality of the court – what agreements do you have with other ISPs ? ”
i Net will get their way on this request , as the court has ruled that the ISP can see any “ form of demand ” AFACT has served on other ISPs in Australia .
80's sax solos
1978 Gerry Rafferty - Baker Street ( THE FORMULA !)
1980 Billy Joel - It 's Still Rock & Roll to Me Hazel O'Connor - Will You ?
Lipps Inc. - Funkytown Elton John - Little Jeannie Michael Stanley Band - He Can't Love You Roxy Music - Same Old Scene 1981 Quarterflash - Harden my Heart Hall & Oates - I Can't Go For That ( No Can Do ) Foreigner - Urgent Rick James - Super Freak Phil Collins - If Leaving Me is Easy Haircut 100 - Boy Meets Girl Rolling Stones - Waiting on a Friend Michael Stanley Band - Lover Christopher Cross - Arthur 's
Theme ( Best that You Can Do ) Grover Washington Jr. - Just the Two of Us Smokey Robinson - Being with you Carpenters - Touch Me When We 're Dancing Champaign - How ' Bout Us Moving Pictures - What About Me 1982 George Thorogood - Bad to the Bone Duran Duran - Rio Men at Work - Who Can it Be Now ?
Hall & Oates - Maneater Donald Fagen - Maxine Patrice Rushen - Forget Me Nots Romeo Void - Never Say Never Roxy Music - Avalon The Waitresses - I Know What Boys Like Fear - New York 's Alright if You Like Saxophones Ray Parker Jr. - The Other Woman Gary U.S. Bonds - Out of Work The Oak Ridge Boys - Bobbie Sue 1983 Spandau Ballet - True Donna Summer - She Works Hard For the Money Madness - It Must Be Love Oingo Boingo - Little Guns David Bowie - Modern Love Quarterflash - Take Me to Heart Pink Floyd - The Gunner 's Dream Rick Springfield - Human Touch 1984 Sheila E - The Glamorous Life Billy Ocean - Caribbean Queen Huey Lewis & the News - The Heart of Rock & Roll Wham !
- Careless Whisper Sade - Smooth Operator Wang Chung - Dance Hall Days Spandau Ballet - With the Pride Bruce Springsteen - Dancing in the Dark Alan Parsons Project - Do n't Answer Me Icehouse - Do n't Believe Anymore Sade - When am I Going to Make a Living Phil Collins - One More Night 1985 Corey Hart - Never Surrender Huey Lewis & the News - Back in Time INXS - What You Need Sting - Fortress Around Your Heart Chicago Bears - Super Bowl Shuffle Dire Straits - Your Latest Trick James Brown - Living in America Clarence Clemons & Jackson Browne -
You 're a Friend of Mine The Cure - A Night Like This Glenn Frey - You Belong to the City Tina Turner - We Don't Need Another Hero Tina Turner - One of the Living Double - The Captain of Her Heart Bryan Ferry - Do n't Stop the Dance Tears for Fears - The Working Hour Billy Ocean - When the Going Gets Tough , the Tough Get Going Aretha Franklin - Freeway of Love 1986 OMD - If You Leave Cameo - Candy Eddie Money - I Wanna Go Back The Rammers - Ram it Kenny Loggins - Danger Zone Eddie Money - Take Me Home Tonight Huey Lewis & the News - Hip to be Square Queen - One Year of Love 1987 Breathe - Hands to Heaven Debbie Gibson - Only in My Dreams Eric Carmen - Hungry Eyes George Harrison - Got My Mind Set on You INXS - Never Tear Us Apart INXS - New Sensation Lisa Lisa & the Cult Jam - Lost in Emotion Sting - Englishman in New York Tim Capello - I Still Believe Icehouse - Electric Blue The Sisters of Mercy - Dominion / Mother Russia Pink Floyd - The Dogs of War T'Pau - China in Your Hand Dan Fogelberg - Lonely in Love Glenn Medeiros - Nothing 's Gonna Change My Love for You Bill Medley and Jennifer Warnes - ( I 've had ) The Time of My Life Paul Anka and Julia Migenes - No Way Out 1988 Paula Abdul - Forever Your Girl Billy Ocean - Get Outta My Dreams , Get Into My Car Boy Meets Girl - Waiting for a Star to Fall Beach Boys - Kokomo Alf - Season 3 and 4 Theme W.G. Snuffy Walden - Roseanne Theme Steve Winwood - Roll With It LL Cool J - Going Back to Cali Richard Marx - Endless Summer Nights Rick Astley - She Wants to Dance With Me 1989 Gloria Estefan - Get on Your Feet Tina Turner - Simply the Best The Jets - Chip ' n ' Dale Rescue Rangers
This is a compilation of sax solos in 80s pop music .
In the 70s saxophone solos were perfectly acceptable in pop music , but in the 80s it got a little twisted , showing up in some surprising and ridiculous places .
Before long it was a staple of pop music .
Obviously this did n't last much past the 80s .
I have attempted to grade mainly based on the inclusion of the solo rather than the quality of the playing and what I think of each song as a whole ( I still really like pretty much of these songs , even the ones with low grades ) .
loading ...
By Leo Babauta
It ’s an irony of our modern lives that while technology is continually invented that saves us time , we use that time to do more and more things , and so our lives are more fast - paced and hectic than ever .
Life moves at such a fast pace that it seems to pass us by before we can really enjoy it .
However , it does n’t have to be this way .
Let ’s rebel against a hectic lifestyle and slow down to enjoy life .
A slower - paced life means making time to enjoy your mornings , instead of rushing off to work in a frenzy .
It means taking time to enjoy whatever you ’re doing , to appreciate the outdoors , to actually focus on whoever you ’re talking to or spending time with — instead of always being connected to a Blackberry or iPhone or laptop , instead of always thinking about work tasks and emails .
It means single - tasking rather than switching between a multitude of tasks and focusing on none of them .
Slowing down is a conscious choice , and not always an easy one , but it leads to a greater appreciation for life and a greater level of happiness .
Here ’s how to do it .
1 . Do less .
It ’s hard to slow down when you are trying to do a million things .
Instead , make the conscious choice to do less .
Focus on what ’s really important , what really needs to be done , and let go of the rest .
Put space between tasks and appointments , so you can move through your days at a more leisurely pace .
Read more .
2 . Be present .
It ’s not enough to just slow down — you need to actually be mindful of whatever you ’re doing at the moment .
That means , when you find yourself thinking about something you need to do , or something that ’s already happened , or something that might happen … gently bring yourself back to the present moment .
Focus on what ’s going on right now .
On your actions , on your environment , on others around you .
This takes practice but is essential .
3. Disconnect .
Do n’t always be connected .
If you carry around an iPhone or Blackberry or other mobile device , shut it off .
Better yet , learn to leave it behind when possible .
If you work on a computer most of the day , have times when you disconnect so you can focus on other things .
Being connected all the time means we ’re subject to interruptions , we ’re constantly stressed about information coming in , we are at the mercy of the demands of others .
It ’s hard to slow down when you ’re always checking new messages coming in .
4. Focus on people .
Too often we spend time with friends and family , or meet with colleagues , and we ’re not really there with them .
We talk to them but are distracted by devices .
We are there , but our minds are on things we need to do .
We listen , but we ’re really thinking about ourselves and what we want to say .
None of us are immune to this , but with conscious effort you can shut off the outside world and just be present with the person you ’re with .
This means that just a little time spent with your family and friends can go a long way — a much more effective use of your time , by the way .
It means we really connect with people rather than just meeting with them .
5. Appreciate nature .
Many of us are shut in our homes and offices and cars and trains most of the time , and rarely do we get the chance to go outside .
And often even when people are outside , they ’re talking on their cell phones .
Instead , take the time to go outside and really observe nature , take a deep breath of fresh air , enjoy the serenity of water and greenery .
Exercise outdoors when you can , or find other outdoor activities to enjoy such as nature walks , hiking , swimming , etc .
Feel the sensations of water and wind and earth against your skin .
Try to do this daily — by yourself or with loved ones .
6 . Eat slower .
Instead of cramming food down our throats as quickly as possible — leading to overeating and a lack of enjoyment of our food — learn to eat slowly .
Be mindful of each bite .
Appreciate the flavors and textures .
Eating slowly has the double benefit of making you fuller on less food and making the food taste better .
I suggest learning to eat more real food as well , with some great spices ( instead of fat and salt and sugar and frying for flavor ) .
7. Drive slower .
Speedy driving is a pretty prevalent habit in our fast - paced world , but it ’s also responsible for a lot of traffic accidents , stress , and wasted fuel .
Instead , make it a habit to slow down when you drive .
Appreciate your surroundings .
Make it a peaceful time to contemplate your life , and the things you ’re passing .
Driving will be more enjoyable , and much safer .
You ’ll use less fuel too .
8 . Find pleasure in anything .
This is related to being present , but taking it a step farther .
Whatever you ’re doing , be fully present … and also appreciate every aspect of it , and find the enjoyable aspects .
For example , when washing dishes , instead of rushing through it as a boring chore to be finished quickly , really feel the sensations of the water , the suds , the dishes .
It can really be an enjoyable task if you learn to see it that way .
The same applies to other chores — washing the car , sweeping , dusting , laundry — and anything you do , actually .
Life can be so much more enjoyable if you learn this simple habit .
9. Single - task .
The opposite of multi-tasking .
Focus on one thing at a time .
When you feel the urge to switch to other tasks , pause , breathe , and pull yourself back .
Read more .
10 . Breathe .
When you find yourself speeding up and stressing out , pause , and take a deep breath .
Take a couple more .
Really feel the air coming into your body , and feel the stress going out .
By fully focusing on each breath , you bring yourself back to the present , and slow yourself down .
It ’s also nice to take a deep breath or two — do it now and see what I mean . :)
A 10 - year - old schoolgirl suffered burns over 70 % of her body after a 16 - minute session at an unmanned tanning studio .
The girl 's mother is now calling for all unmanned salons to be shut down as a matter of urgency .
Within hours of leaving the tanning salon in Port Talbot , south Wales , Kelly Thompson was taken to hospital .
Medics at the Welsh Centre for Burns and Plastic Surgery , where she was taken , said if she had remained an extra two minutes , she would have needed skin grafts .
Kelly has now been warned to keep out of direct sunlight for up to 10 years .
Her mother Sharon Hannaford said : " These sunbeds are very high - powered and there is nobody there to prevent a youngster doing this .
I want them shut down . "
Neath Port Talbot Council has confirmed it is investigating the incident .
Nina Goad of the British Association of Dermatologists , said : " Unmanned , coin - operated sunbeds need to be banned , as children can use them , and there is no time limit .
This can lead to serious health problems , including skin cancer . "
As Lowtax wrote during the only previous instance of an SA - approved site being recognized in this space , " It 's not awful , but boy howdy , it sure is a link .
OF THE DAY ! "
The third annual celebration of the National Day of Slayer occurs on Saturday 6/6/09 , and I 'm using this space to advocate high - volume public - place Slayer listening all weekend long .
In order to properly demonstrate their allegiance to Slayer , disciples must convert the group 's name into an intense full - body scream , as demonstrated by the gentleman in this video .
Such shouts can be released when an enthusiast encounters someone else in a Slayer shirt , or at a live music performance ( need not be a Slayer show ) , or without any fucking provocation .
Slayer fandom should be as loud and confrontational as the band itself .
Show no mercy !
– Andrew " Garbage Day " Miller
SAN FRANCISCO — Jon Lech Johansen , also known as " DVD Jon , " certainly knows how to rankle the establishment .
As a teen , he cracked and published the code for breaking the content - scramble encryption system on DVDs .
Years of legal battles later , he 's gone legitimate , with big - named investors such as Michael Ovitz and Li Ka-Shing behind his San Francisco - based company , doubleTwist .
Now 25 , he 's flipped a bird of sorts to the establishment again , this time zeroing in on Apple .
His ad campaign for the doubleTwist software promises , " The Cure for iPhone Envy . "
Those same words , in addition to , " Your iTunes library on any device in seconds , " appear on a giant 15 - foot - plus banner advertisement adjacent to Apple 's store in San Francisco .
" That 's a great spot for us , " Johansen quipped in a telephone interview Thursday .
" We 're trying to convey you do n't need to get an iPhone to have a great media experience , " he continued .
The software , he said , has just moved out of its nearly two - year incubation stage .
He said it was the software 's first outdoor advertising campaign , which he intimated was initially marred by Apple .
He suspects Apple had a hand in the ad being removed last Friday , hours after it first appeared on prime real estate adorning a subway entrance next to the Apple store .
" It 's pretty obvious what 's going on here , " Johansen wrote on his blog .
Neither Apple nor Titan Worldwide , the company that markets the ad space , immediately responded to inquiries .
Johansen wanted the ad displayed Monday , the first day of the Apple 's Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco .
That 's when the Cupertino , California - based company unveiled a host of new products and prices .
But it was taken down , Johansen said , because he was told the ad did not allow enough light through the subway station window .
The entrepreneur said he submitted the same ad to Titan Worldwide with a white background instead of a black one .
He said Titan rejected that one , too .
Finally , the ad with a transparent background was approved and displayed Wednesday afternoon , Johansen said .
Pending another brouhaha , the ad will remain there for months , he said .
He declined to say how much the ad cost .
" It was a pretty big chunk of change . "
The doubleTwist software , according to the company 's web site , allows " All of your stuff , on all your devices , with all your friends – in seconds . "
That includes video , music and pictures .
It 's free .
A premium , paid version is coming soon .
It 's also legal , he said .
" We have a law firm , " he said , " looking at all of our products making sure we are on the right side of the law . "
See Also :
A league match between Pumas and Guadalajara was held in a Mexico City stadium behind closed doors as the ban on large gatherings took effect
By Stephen Gibbs
BBC News , Mexico City
On the streets of Mexico City , you can hear the birds sing .
A rare sound in this huge metropolis , which usually seems one of the noisiest , most crowded places on Earth .
Now it resembles a city in shock .
Those few pedestrians on the streets are almost all wearing blue surgical masks .
Everyone is keeping their distance .
Strangers cross the road , rather than walk too near one another .
People take the stairs , instead of squeezing together into a lift .
It is all particularly strange given that Mexicans are famed for the effusive greetings they usually offer one another .
Taking no chances
On a normal day they kiss , they hug , they embrace .
Women in surgical masks prayed in an empty Mexico City Square on Sunday But faced by this menacing mutation of pig , bird and human viruses , few people are taking any chances .
" I do n't know how it is going to end , " said Vicky as she carried her small child across a normally dangerous intersection in the capital 's Reforma district .
" It 's frightening . "
The Mexican government has had to walk a delicate line between warning its population of the seriousness of this disease and yet not provoking panic .
On Sunday President Felipe Calderon appeared to go out of his way to reassure people .
" Stay calm , " he said in a televised address to the population .
He had some statistics which seemed positive .
Of the 1,364 people who were suspected of carrying the virus on Saturday , 929 had been discharged in good health .
Hospitals in Mexico City have been besieged by people with flu - like symptoms , convinced that they are suffering from swine flu .
Given the extent that this virus has already travelled the world , there are very serious concerns that there may be many more as yet undetected cases across the country .
' United by fear ' A normal place of refuge for many Mexicans in such times of difficulty would be the Church .
But in Mexico City , church doors remain closed , part of a directive banning all large gatherings .
The directive makes no distinction between types of establishment .
According to the mayor of Mexico City , Marcelo Ebrard , 70 % of the city 's nightclubs have been ordered to close until 5 May .
He is now considering shutting down the entire public transport system .
For some , the fact that people are largely obeying government orders about how to conduct themselves says a lot about the Mexican psyche .
" If everyone says ' run ' , then everybody runs , " said Manuel , as he took a stroll in a central Mexico City park .
" And if everyone says ' stay still ' , then everybody stays still . "
Jose , a Mexico City businessmen , had another take on the phenomenon .
" It reminds me of the earthquake of 1985 , " he said .
" The strange thing about fear , is that it can unite people . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Time Doesn't Heal All Wounds - Especially If You Keep Asking About Them
The Columbine school shooting in the US and Dawson College in Canada are examples of recent traumatic events that , due to their broad timeframe , allow researchers to examine their residual impact .
The Columbine shooting occurred in 1999 and was followed by 60 similar ones , despite increases in gun regulations in the US and Canada , twice as many as the previous decade .
Part of the reason may be ' copycat ' attempts at the kind of impact and attention Columbine brought .
” Despite the frequency of these incidents , there are very few empirical studies on their psychological effects and no studies have evaluated the effectiveness of psychological interventions , ” says Dr. Warren Steiner , head of the McGill University Health Centre ’s Department of Psychiatry and one of the key figures involved in implementing the emergency psychological intervention plan following the Dawson College shooting .
“ It is crucial that we learn from these experiences to better help those affected by such tragedies . ”
The Dawson College shooting occurred September 13 , 2006 and a new study conducted by Steiner and colleagues with 949 members of the Dawson community , including students , faculty and staff , found that some students who needed psychological assistance were reluctant to seek help due to the fear of being stigmatized by friends and loved ones .
Less than two percent of the community were diagnosed with post - traumatic stress , and seven percent report post - traumatic stress symptoms , as a result of the shooting and over 80 percent of those who received care reported that they were satisfied with the services provided , according to a new study by researchers from the Fernand - Seguin Research Centre of Louis - H. Lafontaine Hospital and the McGill University Health Centre ( MUHC ) , in Montreal , Canada .
The preliminary findings will be presented at the 31st International Congress on Law and Mental Health in New York today .
The research team also found that among male support staff , many were equally averse to seeking professional help .
“ People were disinclined to seek help because of prejudices related to mental illness , fear of showing weakness or appearing vulnerable to one ’s peers or supervisor and the false perception that time would solve everything , ” says Alain Lesage , a researcher at the Fernand - Seguin Research Centre of Louis - H. Lafontaine Hospital and a professor of psychiatry at the Université de Montréal .
The researchers also discovered that certain groups , such as cafeteria staff ( who are not Dawson College staff ) , college support staff , some of whom witnessed the shooting , and those who were hospitalized , were overlooked , and the repercussions of their psychological damage were underestimated .
In addition , some professors felt powerless and incapable of helping students .
I took this video this morning ( my first YouTube , so please excuse the quality ) .
This is a project in Irvine , CA called Central Park West .
The project was built by Lennar and mothballed in 2007 .
I was surprised the area was open and fountains were all running , but unfortunately the information center was closed .
New condos like this are shadow inventory - they are not included in the Census Bureau new homes report , and they are not listed in the MLS .
But they do exist .
Here are the Las Vegas " Manhattan West " photos mentioned in the video .
Cagey Films reviews
You Don't Know Me , But You Love Me
In the midst of this fast - paced world , it seems as if everyone is looking for convenience and immediate gratification .
Whether it ’s purchasing the products that you need over the Internet rather than going shopping ; reaching your destination quickly by booking a flight on an airplane rather than taking a longer route ; or even sending instantaneous e-mail messages rather than choosing to receive an actual letter via courier - these are just a few examples which demonstrate how important it is for today ’s generation to have everything that they need within reach , which brings us to the reason why going back to basics is good every once in a while .
If you are traveling , for example , why do n’t you take a long journey via train rather than booking a one or two - hour flight ?
The good thing about traveling this way is that you can ‘ exercise ’ your patience in waiting for the journey to come to an end – while appreciating the things that you will come across along the way .
On that note , read on to get a list of the top 8 most spectacular train journeys in the world that you can take .
The Top 8 Most Spectacular Train Journeys in the World
Long , arduous , luxurious , with plenty of magnificent sceneries along the way to keep you occupied – these are just some of the terms which can be used to describe the classic train journeys that everyone should take at least once in their lifetime .
The good thing about taking the train and traveling the old - fashioned way is that it is typically less expensive than booking a flight in a plane [ Cheap air travel ] .
Although it ’s far less comfortable and slower than air flights , taking the train will give you a better appreciation of the sights , sounds and experiences that you will encounter along the way .
Now , take a look at the 8 most spectacular train journeys from around the world :
1. The Glacier Express
Route : From St. Moritz to Zermatt , two mountain resorts in the Swiss Alps
If you ’re looking for a train journey that really takes you back through time , there is nothing better than taking a ride at the Glacier Express .
It ’s not an express train in the real sense of the world .
In fact , it is considered to be one of the slowest express trains that you can take .
So why is it included in our list ?
Again , in taking a train journey , it ’s the actual journey rather than reaching your destination that counts .
When you go aboard this train ride , you will pass through 91 tunnels and go across 291 bridges .
The highest point that the Glacier Express will take you is more than 2,000 meters in altitude .
Interestingly enough , the Albula Line which is being passed across a trip via the Glacier Express was declared as a World Heritage Site last 2008 .
Finally , for those who are wondering how many hours it takes to reach point A to point B – that ’s about 8 hours worth of journey .
2. The Harz Narrow Gauge Railways
Route : Connecting the main cities of Wernigerode , Nordhausen and Quedlinburg
Also called Quirl , Harzer Schmalspurbahnen and Harzquerbahn , the train journey aboard the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways will take you to the Harz mountains in Central Germany [ Germany holiday getaway ] .
The highlight of the trip is getting to Brocken , an old Soviet listening post situated on top of the tallest peak in the Harz Mountains .
You will also pass steep tracks , a myriad of forests and majestic mountainous sceneries along the way .
The Harz Narrow Gauge Railways is known to be the longest narrow gauge track in Germany where you will have a chance to visit the relatively unexplored parts of the country .
3. Eurostar
Route : From London and Kent in the United Kingdom to Paris and Lille in France ; as well as to Brussels in Belgium
This high speed train service which travels across Western Europe first opened as an 18 - carriage Class 373 train way back in 1994 .
If you ’re looking for speedy journeys that will still give you that old - fashioned feel of being in a railroad train , this is exactly what you should be taking .
There ’s only a two hour and fifteen minute journey separating central Paris with Central London , with a top speed of 186 mph .
Whether you would like to travel to the northern parts of France , to central Paris , to Disneyland Paris or to Brussels , you can do it via the Eurostar express train .
4. The Orient Express
Route : From Paris to Istanbul
If there ’s one train journey which has been featured in many films , books and television series episodes , that is none other than the Orient Express .
The original route that this express train took was from Paris to Istanbul , although it has changed its routes several times since then .
Also known as the “ Great Rail Journey ” , a trip aboard the Orient Express is as classic and as romantic as you can get .
Some of the destinations that you can choose from when taking the Orient Express trains are London [ London attractions ] , Venice , Budapest , Prague and Rome .
5 . The Pride of Africa
Route : South Africa , Zimbabwe , Zambia and Tanzania
Did you know that the Pride of Africa is dubbed as the world ’s most luxurious train ?
This luxury train is run by Rovos Rail , which was established in 1989 .
If you ’re looking forward to an experience of a lifetime , there is no better setting for that than aboard the Pride of Africa .
Some of the highlights of the trip are specifically for nature lovers who wish to explore the beauty and grandeur of this part of the world .
Be prepared for the long expedition , though .
Going on a Africa trip via the Pride of Africa will take you on a 14 - day expedition through Cape Town , Kimberley , the Kruger National Park , Victoria Falls and Tanzania .
Honeymooners will have a blast exploring the very heart of Southern Africa aboard the Pride of Africa luxury train .
6. The Flam Railway
Route : From Myrdal and Flam in Aurland , Norway
There ’s no better way to enjoy the majestic scenery which is a major crowd drawer for the Flam Railway .
This Norwegian train journey involves going through train tracks with steep inclines and vast green scenery .
It ’s even a treat for the adventurous because you will get to ride through the world ’s longest fjord Sognefjord , the highest altitude of the trip is 3,000 feet , as well as a bunch of narrow passage ways and unforgettable sights [ Adventure vacation ] .
Exploring the beauty and bounty of nature is what the Flam Railway trip is all about – and it ’s something that almost everyone will surely appreciate .
7 . The Palace on Wheels
Route : From Delhi in India up to the royal state of Rajasthan
If you ’re mystified by the colorful culture that is all India ’s own , then this is one of the best and most spectacular train journeys that you will ever join .
The trip will really take you back through time because a steam engine is used to pull the train from its starting point in Delhi .
The Palace on Wheels journey also involves an elephant welcome , a camel safari and a trip to the Taj Mahal .
8. The Trans - Siberian Railway
Route : From Moscow and European Russia to Russia ’s Fart East provinces like Mongolia , China and the Sea of Japan
If you ’re looking for a unique experience , then hop aboard the Trans - Siberian Railway in Russia .
The entire train journey involves a 6,000 - mile ride across the country .
You wo n’t believe the vastness of the tour where every imaginable highlight of Europe is included , such as a visit to Moscow , Siberia and St. Petersburg .
Rather than sitting passively on a 4 , 6 , 8 or 12 - hour flight from your country to another destination , why not do things the old fashioned way and hop aboard one of these trains ?
During the trip , you can soak in the sights , sounds and everything else that the trip has to offer , seeing as they are dubbed as the most spectacular journeys in the world .
Illustration by Peter Schrank
ON BILLBOARDS across Europe , blue posters have popped up alerting citizens to the forthcoming elections to the European Parliament .
The posters , parliament 's own initiative , make a reasonable stab at a hard task : explaining what is at stake when voters go to the polls between June 4th and 7th .
Nobody wins or loses a European election .
Instead , the outcome fixes the relative weights of the biggest political blocks , which range from a mushy centre - right to a squishy centre - left , with a woolly Liberal coalition in the middle .
One poster asks “ How much should we tame financial markets ? ” and pictures a fierce lion next to a winsome cat .
Yet the balanced nature of the image is not quite right .
Members of the European Parliament ( MEPs ) love regulating things : most would like the markets domesticated , and some want them spayed and declawed as well .
The posters seem sure to fail in their main aim : persuading Europeans to vote .
Average turnout has fallen in every election , from 63 % in 1979 to 46 % in 2004 , even though the parliament 's importance has grown .
It will gain still more powers if the Lisbon treaty comes into force next year .
Yet a recent Eurobarometer poll found that just 34 % are likely to vote this time ( and previous such polls have overestimated turnout ) .
Frank - Walter Steinmeier , the German foreign minister , declared last month that turnout would “ depend largely on how positively we speak about Europe and the reform process ” in the new treaty .
Alas , such high - minded talk is undermined by the election posters hung from every second Berlin lamppost by his own Social Democrats .
These depict the Free Democrats as grinning “ financial sharks ” , the Left Party as hairdryers blowing hot air and the Christian Democrats as “ wage crushers ” , symbolised by a wilting coin .
They do not mention the Lisbon treaty .
Other leaders decry the practice of packing the European Parliament with failed politicians and cronies .
France must “ send its best ” to Europe , pledged President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Once elected , MEPs should serve out their full terms , he added .
Yet Michel Barnier , running the European campaign for Mr Sarkozy 's ruling UMP party , is not expected to take up his seat .
He is a figurehead who hopes instead to be picked as France 's next European commissioner .
Another top UMP candidate , Rachida Dati , is being sent to Strasbourg in disgrace after failing as justice minister .
The French Socialist Party is as bad , handing safe spots on its list to figures from all its factions , regardless of merit .
Both parties have dumped hard - working current MEPs for party barons .
In Italy , Silvio Berlusconi was widely reported to have chosen eight models and soap - opera actresses to run for his People of Freedom party .
His wife called the idea “ shameless ” ( he now says it was never his plan ) .
In the end , he chose a single ex-beauty queen to run , while accusing other parties of favouring “ smelly ” and “ badly dressed ” candidates .
In Britain , the opposition Conservatives base their campaign on a demand that the Labour government hold a referendum on the Lisbon treaty .
The campaign is in reality about the next general election : MEPs have no powers over national referendums .
Ask MEPs to explain the voters ' indifference and they often mention such national antics .
More and more , complains a leading German MEP , national politicians “ resolve their domestic disputes by sending people to the European Parliament who know nothing about Europe . ”
A senior Belgian sighs that the work of MEPs rarely interests the press .
National politics are full of “ personalities ” , he explains .
But the real work of the European Parliament is carried out in its committees .
Its debates , in which many speeches are limited to 60 seconds , are a “ series of monologues ” .
Lots of MEPs grumble that the press is obsessed with scandals over parliamentary expenses or perks ( which , they hasten to add , happen everywhere ) .
There are structural reasons why European elections do not thrill voters from such countries as Britain , France and Spain , where elections can turn out governments overnight .
To draw an economic analogy , the House of Commons is a free - market body , in which winners take all , brilliant speeches can make careers and power can shift with brutal speed .
The European Parliament is a corporatist assembly , in which big parties rule by consensus and horse - trading , office is awarded by rotation and grandees have safe berths .
Enoch Powell , a British politician , used to say that all political lives end in failure .
In the European Parliament political lives end in the constitutional - affairs committee .
Worse than dull
But the parliament is worse than dull : it does not work properly .
Like a student union , only with better expenses , it spends an inordinate amount of time on subjects way outside its mandate , such as foreign policy and defence .
Its views can betray an undergraduate lack of realism : in the words of one Brussels diplomat , “ that place is one big fucking NGO . ”
And its members can be loopily intolerant of dissent .
At one Brussels dinner , Charlemagne heard MEPs howling “ make him stop ” , when a British Conservative ventured to suggest that the single currency might fall apart .
Funnily enough , Eurosceptics and federalists are often the parliament 's clearest - eyed analysts .
“ Very few members give the impression that this place is their life , ” laments Daniel Cohn - Bendit , a Franco - German Green .
He would like to see a third of the parliament 's members elected on pan-European lists , to create a “ European public space ” .
It is hard to see that working : it would mean campaigning in 23 languages and 27 countries , all with different political cultures .
To Eurosceptics , the answer is instead to return more powers to national parliaments .
Both federalists and sceptics agree on one thing , though : the present set - up lacks legitimacy .
They are right .
Economist.com/blogs/charlemagne
Congressman Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) today made the following statement against the war supplemental on the House floor :
" We are destroying our nation 's moral and fiscal integrity with this war supplemental .
Instead of ending wars in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Pakistan now by appropriating only enough money to bring our troops home , Congress abdicates its constitutional authority , defers to the president , and asks for a report .
That 's right , all we are asking for is a report on when the president will end the war .
" There is also money for the IMF , presumably to bail out private European banks .
Billions for the IMF so they can force low and middle income nations to cut jobs , wages , health care and retirement security , just like corporate America does to our constituents .
On the outside , it may look like a regular NES , but hit the power button and you ’ve got yourself a fully - functional retro gaming PC .
Continue reading to see more .
Video
Pictures
Summary
While it may be a PC , this system only has the bare essentials needed to run emulated games .
Specifications include : an Intel Celeron 220 processor ( 1.2 - GHz ) , Intel Desktop Board D201GLY2A motherboard , 1GB of DDR2 memory , and a 160 GB hard drive .
Tesla Motors founder Martin Eberhard is suing current CEO Elon Musk , accusing Musk of taking control of the company , orchestrating his ouster in 2007 and attempting to " rewrite history " to take credit for developing the pioneering electric Roadster the two men worked together to create .
The suit accuses Musk of a litany of complaints including libel , slander and breach of contract in alleging that Eberhard was pushed out of the company , wrongfully denied his severance and forced to watch as Musk publicly disparaged him and " compromised Tesla Motors ' financial health . "
" In his zeal to appropriate Eberhard 's legacy , Musk has instead sullied Tesla Motors ' integrity and blemished Tesla Motors ' reputation and prosperity , " the suit states .
What 's more , the suit states , after pushing Eberhard out of the company he founded in 2002 and withholding his severance because of a blog post , Tesla wrecked his car .
Tesla Motors calls the suit a work of fiction and says it will not only vigorously defend itself , but file a countersuit .
" This lawsuit is an unfair personal attack and , more importantly , paints an inaccurate picture of Tesla 's history , " the company said Wednesday night in a statement .
" This lawsuit is a fictionalized account of Tesla 's early years — it 's twisted and wrong , and we welcome the opportunity to set the record straight .
As the media have already chronicled extensively , the board of directors unanimously fired Martin , largely over the fact that the cost of the car was more than twice what Martin portrayed it to be at the time .
Incidentally , Tesla will also be filing counterclaims and in the process present an accurate account of the company 's history . "
Elon Musk in 2008 .
Photo : Flickr / jdlasica
Eberhard 's 22 - page suit , which was filed May 26 in San Mateo County ( Calif . )
Superior Court and seeks unspecified damages , provides a glimpse — albeit a one - sided one — into the circumstances surrounding his abrupt departure from Tesla on Nov. 28 , 2007 .
Musk had been involved with the company for three years by then , having signed on as one of its first investors in early 2004 .
" As a result of his increasing financial interest at Tesla Motors , " the suit states , Musk exercised his right to appoint people to Tesla 's board of directors .
By the spring of 2007 , he 'd named three of the seven members .
By that point , the board was well into its search for a CEO to take over for Eberhard , who wanted to devote more time to developing the Roadster .
The search continued for several months until , the suit states , Eberhard on Aug. 7 , 2007 , received a call from Musk stating that Michael Marks would be taking over as CEO .
" At that time , Marks had not been interviewed or approved for the CEO position by either the ( board of directors ) or the CEO search committee , " the suit alleges .
" Prior to this telephone call , Eberhard had not received any notice that he would be expected to step down from the CEO position at this time . "
Four days later , the suit states , the board told Eberhard he was being named president of technology .
He would earn $ 200,000 a year , the same salary he earned as CEO .
" Eberhard agreed to this proposal in order to ensure the continuity of the company , " the suit states .
Five weeks later , on Oct. 22 , " Marks informed Eberhard that Eberhard 's position with Tesla Motors was unsustainable due to Musk 's persistent calls for Eberhard 's termination , " the suit states .
Marks allegedly offered Eberhard the opportunity to resign .
In exchange , he would receive six month 's pay and medical benefits in addition to 62,500 shares of Tesla Motors common stock .
Eberhard refused .
Marks did n't last long .
He was replaced by Ze'ev Drori as CEO on November 27 .
According to suit , Musk approached Eberhard on that same day and told Eberhard he had to go .
Musk allegedly threatened to convert enough of his preferred stock options to common stock to give him control of three more seats on the board — and the ability to terminate Eberhard .
According to the suit , Musk offered Eberhard the same deal Marks had — take the money and resign .
He allegedly sweetened the deal the next day , offering Eberhard $ 100,000 to be paid in six monthly payments , six months of health insurance , an option to buy 250,000 shares of Tesla Motors common stock and a seat on the company 's board of advisors .
Musk gave him until the end of the day to sign the deal .
" With virtually no choice , Eberhard signed the severance agreements that same day , " the suit states .
" At the time he was asked to resign , Eberhard was never informed of any reason for the resignation demand , other than Musk 's preference for such . "
Eberhard left on Nov. 28 , 2007 .
Martin Eberhard 's Roadster .
Photo : Flickr / jillig
The entrepreneur started a blog some time after that , and on Jan. 10 , 2008 , wrote a post commenting on " the large number of employees " who had been terminated from Tesla and saying he believed they had been treated unfairly .
Four days later , Drori allegedly met with Eberhard and told him he'd violated the non-disparagement clause of his severance agreements by writing the post .
Eberhard disagreed but deleted the post .
Tesla apparently was n't satisfied .
According to the suit , the company 's general counsel e-mailed Eberhard on Jan. 28 to say the company was terminating his severance package and dismissing him from the advisory board .
The suit accuses Musk of breach of contract .
Eberhard 's complaints do n't stop there .
He claims Musk has " persistently and continuously made defamatory , disparaging , negative and harmful statements " about him in public and within the company while portraying himself as the " founder " and " creator " of Tesla Motors .
The suit also says Musk has " made false statements that Eberhard had been terminated from Tesla Motors because of performance and management issues , despite the fact Eberhard had in fact resigned . "
The 22 - page suit is followed by 143 pages of exhibits , which include 31 news stories and blog posts in which Musk is identified as the founder of Tesla Motors or Musk allegedly makes disparaging remarks about Eberhard .
They include a Wired magazine interview with Musk on Jan. 4 , 2007 that states " [ Musk ] has created Tesla Motors and Space X , " Musk 's aerospace startup .
So what about the car that Tesla allegedly wrecked ?
Eberhard claims he was to receive the first Roadster to roll off the assembly line , but Musk allegedly insisted it was his .
The suit says Eberhard agreed to take the second car — which he says would be worth far less as a collectible — and got the deal in writing , only to see Musk allegedly sell the car to a friend in February , 2008 .
At about that time , Tesla allegedly told Eberhard his car was on its way but would have to undergo " endurance testing . "
Several months later , according to the suit , Eberhard learned an unnamed Tesla employee " had driven Eberhard 's Roadster into the back of a truck , almost completely totaling the vehicle . "
The damage was so bad , the suit states , that the car " required the replacement of no fewer than 75 different parts . "
Eberhard finally got his Roadster on July 19 , 2008 .
Main photo : Tesla Motors .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
The Climate Citizens Story
At Grist we have a clear bias :
The science of climate change is sound and the world must act .
The global community must reduce the amount of carbon dioxide and other global - warming gases being pumped into the atmosphere , and the U.S. government must enact a comprehensive program to help achieve this goal and encourage other nations to act .
Climate Citizens is our effort to track the openness of U.S. lawmakers on climate change .
It is , at heart , an accountability project .
Members of Congress and the president should go on the record and make clear their views on climate and energy policy .
Likewise , we need to know the stances of interest groups that have a stake in climate and energy policy ; the American people should understand how they are working privately and publicly to shape legislation and policy .
Questions we want to answer :
Are lawmakers delivering clear information to voters about where they stand on climate change ?
Are interest groups being open about their stances on climate and energy ?
Are voters informed about the lobbying efforts and campaign fundraising being driven by groups interested in influencing climate legislation ?
Which interest groups are advertising directly to the American people , and how truthful are their messages ?
What ’s up in the fight against climate change ?
Help us find out !
Take Action
Do your senators support the Kerry - Boxer climate bill ?
Write them and ask ( here ’s a sample letter ) , then tell us what you find out .
The Sitch in the Senate
Check out our special series on senators ’ climate stances .
Find out how transparent senators ’ websites are .
How Things Stand
U.S. House : Climate bill passed
U.S. Senate : Climate bill pending
International : Big global climate talks to be held in Copenhagen in December
Learn More
Get Involved
Tell us what you know about lawmakers ’ stances and interest groups ’ activities related to climate change .
Climate Citizen Videos
Chats with interesting people about climate change :
More links
i Phone 3GS Pics Are Enough To Shock And Awe
One of the most lauded features of the 3GS is the new and improved camera , which saw a 50 % megapixel bump ( 2 up to 3 ) .
The magic is n’t in the megapixels , though , it ’s the autofocus / auto exposure functions at the tip of your finger .
I took all of the photos you see in the gallery at a cemetery near my apartment ( I realize that sounds a little odd , but it ’s a historic site ) or just down the street , and I was shocked at the quality .
It ’s not just that the photos focused well on the objects I chose , but that the camera could also automatically adjust for exposure and white balance , turning typically mediocre photos into some decent shots .
The best feature of the whole thing is that it ’s built into the phone .
Sure you can take better pictures , but carrying a point - and - shoot everywhere is n’t appealing for most people .
I always have my phone , though , so I ’ll be able to take great shots whenever the mood strikes .
Having those shots on the iPhone also means I ’ll be able to share them with remarkable ease .
Emailing is fast and simple , and MMS should make things even better .
My only wish now ?
A Picasa app , developed by Google .
As it stands I can view my albums online , but there ’s no uploading unless you use something like AirMe or Shozu , both of which are more complicated than they need to be .
Neither of apps make clear when your photo is uploaded , and AirMe just drops the photos you upload into an album titled AirMe .
I ’ll do some more serious digging for this later .
With improvements like Apple has made with the 3GS , I wo n’t be buying a pocket camera any time soon .
The iPhone now fills the point - and - shoot gap in my life .
If I want something to take truly great photos , you ’ll see my with a DSLR .
Enjoy the gallery .
The photos have not been edited in any way , save orientation for the two portrait shots .
+ 61
Text description provided by the architects .
Italian practice studiometrico shared with us how they converted an old cinema in Milan , into the new Bastard flagship store , which also includes a suspended bowl and offices for Comvert .
Skateboarders dreamed place to work .
The Clients
Founded in Milan in 1994 by four skateboarders , Comvert S.r.l. conceives , produces and distributes clothing for skateboarders and snowboarders under the brand bastard and distributes the brand Electric in Italy .
Few years ago Comvert decided that it was about time for finding a new location to set up its new headquarter and gave studiometrico the opportunity to search for the right building and then , possibly , to refurbish it .
The ideal place had to be spacious enough to be able to host the administrative department , the design department , a flagship store , a storage facility , a wide access for the goods and a skate - bowl for bastard employees , friends and team riders .
The existing building
Designed by engineer Mario Cavallé in the 40’s , Cinema Istria is a cinema theater with an overall surface of 1.400 sqm and an overall volume of 6.600 m³ occupied by the old pit and by a suspended balcony of 350 sqm .
The roof of the building is composed by several arches in reinforced concrete .
A 800 square meters ceiling light fixture is suspended under the vault through a steel construction .
Although it had been used by its last owner as a car dealer for some years , at the time of our first visit the Cinema theater was still able to show its original character .
For this reason , and for its capacity to satisfy Comvert needs , it has been immediately perceived by designers and clients as a ‘ unique place ’ .
In 2006 the Cinema was purchased and in January 2007 the refurbishment started .
The Project
studiometrico has first observed and gathered information concerning habits , attitudes and wishes of Comvert employees .
These collected data have been drawn up , presented and discussed in several meetings with the aim of defining a desirable and shared idea of ‘ working together ’ .
This idea could be translated in facts through the construction of working places that could facilitate a continuous communication between employees .
Organizing Cinema Istria as a space and having it equipped with all the necessary infrastructure was extremely complex .
Nevertheless the cinema has proved to be an incredibly adapt environment for the realization of architectural places that could respond to those needs that had already been focused on .
All the activities that constitute the history , the culture and the world of bastard are put in a continuous physical and visual communication .
Bastard Store
The main entrance of the Cinema , a regular room of 70 sqm , has been transformed in the first bastard Store , conceived not only to sell products , but mainly to meet the people that belong to the bastard universe .
All of the furniture are mounted on wheels and can be freely placed on the original marble floor .
The cashier desks and the clothes displays have been assembled using left - over wooden panels from the offices construction , the dressing rooms have been fitted out with the left - over wooden elements from the bastard Bowl .
A system of wooden elements has been designed to display skateboards , sunglasses and goggles .
Comvert partners collaborators and employees will work one shift a month in the shop so that they are in close contact with the product they usually design , distribute and sell .
Administrative Department
The half - moon shaped old foyer , flanked by two curved staircases leading to the upper balcony and connected through several glazed windows with the volume of the old pit , it ’s a recurrent element in Mario Cavallé projects .
It works as barycentric element of the cinema , it connects all the principal spaces and it joins the main axis of the building with the rotated axis of Via Slataper .
The original marble floor lays on a slightly slanted plane , the stairs have solid curved wooden handrails , two light fixtures composed by metallic circular elements are placed on two pillars .
The administrative department offices have been organized on a larch platform that straightens the level of the floor and hosts the necessary electrical installations .
Three banisters work as containers and provide the necessary privacy protecting the employees from the curious eyes of the visitors of the adjacent bastard Store .
Products Depot
In the 15 m tall and huge space of the old pit , against the wall on which the old screen used to lay , the metallic , black painted , two storey structure of the products depot has been placed .
The depot can be accessed from the administrative department or directly from a courtyard - connected with Via Slataper – that lays along one of the sides of the building .
One of the walls of the courtyard is characterized by an enigmatic graffiti drawing done by artist and skateboarder Lorenzo Fonda .
The products depot is the predominant element inside the volume of the pit and it does n’t just act as a big container for the goods , but , more importantly , it carries and - through an industrial steep staircase attached to its structure - provides access to the bastard Bowl .
Design Department
This Department has been built on the slanted stepped surface of the balcony .
This choice has provoked a structural and architectural challenge on one hand , and has permitted to positively respond to the problems related to the dynamics of work on the other .
The balcony , suspended over the pit is , together with the bastard Bowl , the most spectacular element of the project .
A steel structure has been fixed onto the existing concrete beams of the balcony to carry the different wooden platforms that modify and adjust the levels of the old steps without changing their nature .
The platforms are fitted out with three - layered larch panels that constitute the banisters and the desks for the individual work stations .
The differences in levels provide privacy and exposition at the same time for the employees .
Showroom
The lower steps of the balcony have not been modified .
The original wooden floor and wooden banisters have been restored and the existing levels have not been adjusted in order to guarantee the access from the curved staircases from the lower foyer and to obtain a free , flexible open space .
These lower steps are mainly used as showroom for the products that are presented to the sales representatives that sell them to more than 300 shops in Italy and abroad .
The black - painted removable steel standers can be interchanged with the ones in the bastard Store and are characterized by two little ‘ horns ’ to recall the Comvert logo designed by studiometrico .
The showroom can be used , from time to time , for informal meetings , video projections , fashion shows to present the collections or , more simply , as a chill - out area .
Bastard Bowl
Suspended at 6 m over the products depot , placed in front of the design department , the bastard Bowl is too important not to find a location inside the new headquarter of a company founded by skateboarders .
It is the pride , attraction and ‘ dream that comes true ’ for Comvert partners , employees , friends and team - riders .
The idea of placing this 200 m² bowl on top of the products depot came from the need of saving space and from the desire of establishing a visual and spatial relation with the design department .
The bastard Bowl is composed by glue laminated wooden element and steel curved beams , it has been designed by Comvert partners together with the engineer practice Atelier - LC and is a unique case in Italy .
Photographs by Giuliano Berarducci & studiometrico
Angel Densetsu
Login to add items to your list , keep track of your progress , and rate series !
Description
The story is of Kitano Seiichirou , a very kind and pure - hearted young man , with a horrifying , monstrous face .
People being what they are , they think he 's a terrifying delinquent , and there are plenty of chance misunderstandings ( coupled with Kitano 's convenient inability to understand what 's happening around him ) that propel him into the position of " school guardian " , a .k.a. head thug on campus .
Type
Manga
Related Series
N/ A
Associated Names
Angel Legend
Legend of an Angel
Легенда об ангел е
أسطورة الملاك
エンジェル伝 説
冷面天使
엔젤전설
Groups Scanlating
Latest Release(s )
Status in Country of Origin
15 Volumes ( Complete )
Completely Scanlated ?
Yes
Anime Start / End Chapter
Ends at Vol 1 , Chap 6
User Reviews
Forum
Click here to view the forum 5 topics , 75 posts
User Rating
/ 10.0 ( 2358 votes )
Bayesian Average : 8.77 / 10.0 10 39 % 9 + 27 % 8 + 20 % 7 + 8 % 6 + 3 % 5 + 1 % 4 + 0 % 3 + 0 % 2 + 0 % 1 + 1 % Average : 8.8 ( 2358 votes ) Bayesian Average :
Last Updated
April 20th 2019 , 10:41 am PST
How To Add Users To Linux OS From A
Text file
This tutorial is about a bash script to add , delete and verify the users either from a text file ; it can also add , delete and modify the users manually .
This script can be used to add , delete and verify the users to the Linux OS by fetching the user 's information from any text file and this script can also add , delete or verify the users manually , I have put both of these functions in one script file .
The text file can be specified by the administrator .
:-) !!!
The script is totally user friendly !!! :-)
You can find the script at the end of this tutorial .
Starting the Script
When you start the script a menu will appear like this :
### MENU ###
1. ADD USERS
2. Varify Users
3. Delete Users
4. EXIT
1. Add Users
Now the Script confirms that the user must be root , and we know that the UID of root is zero ( 0 ) .
so first I compare the UID of the current user with the zero ( 0 ) , if the UID does n't match with the UID of root then it will display the following message :
**** You must be the root user to run this script !****
*** Identity Verified_You are the Root ***
We can check the UID of the current user by typing the following command in the terminal :
echo $ UID
If the user is root then the 1.ADD USERS function will be performed .
Now the script will ask the user either if he / she wants to add the users manually or let the script get the user 's information from the text file .
For that it will display the following menu :
#########################################
" Please Select the Mode !!!
1. Add the Users Manually
2.Read the Users Automatically from Text File
###########################################
Now if the user selects 1 .
Add the Users Manually then the script will prompt for user the username , group and password ; it will use the following commands for username and group : Advertisement Advertisement
read usr_nameread usr_group
Now by using above information it will add the user by using the following command :
useradd -g $ usr_group -m $ usr_name
For the password it will use the following command :
passwd $ usr_name
Now if the user selects the option 2 . Read the Users Automatically from Text File then the script locate the text file and verifies that it exists , then it will read the information like username , group , password from the text file .
Now the script will display the current working directory where the text file should be located to the user , by using the following command :
echo $ ( pwd)/users.txt Advertisement
Now the script asks if the above path of the text file is correct or if you want to enter the file path manualy , it will display the following message to the user :
Do you want to use the above Default PATH ?
Yes =1 & No=2
If the user presses 1 for Yes then the script will load the text file from the shown path , by using the following command :
Path=$($pwd)users.txt
If the user presses 2 for No , then the script will ask the user to enter the correct path for the text file , and read the file path by using the following command :
read Path
The path of the text file is stored in the variable " Path " .
The Following command will be used to verify the Existence of the file :
if [ -e $ Path ] ;
It will extract the username from the text file by using the following command :
Username=`grep " Username00$num " $ Path | cut - f2 -d : `
It will extract the group from the text file by using the following command :
Group=`grep " Group " $ Path |cut - f2 -d : `
It will extract the password from the text file by using the following command :
Password=`grep " Password " $ Path | cut - f2 -d : `
Now the script uses the variables which contain the information about the users and add them to the Linux OS , by using the following commands :
For adding a group it will use the following command :
groupadd $ Group
For adding the users to the group it will use the following command : Advertisement
useradd -g $ Group -m $ Username
For setting the password for all the users it uses the following command :
echo $ Password | /usr / bin / passwd -- stdin $ Username
Password is the variable which contains the same password for all the users , it 's extracted from the text file .
2. Verify Users
From the menu :
### MENU ###
1. ADD USERS
2. Varify Users
3. Delete Users
4. EXIT
If user select the option 2 . Varify
Users the another menu will be appear like :
#################################
Please Select the Mode !!!
1.Varify All the Users of System
2.Varify All the Users of TEXT file
#################################
From the above menu if user select the option 1 . Varify
All the Users of System , then all the users of the system will be displayed to the user , I have used the following command for this purpose :
cat /etc / passwd |grep bash
The result of the command in my case will return the following bash users :
root : x:0:0: root:/root:/bin/bash
lucky : x:501:501: Lucky :/home/lucky:/bin/bash
Now if the user selects the option 2 .
Varify
All the Users of TEXT file , then all the users that are mentioned in the text file will be verified .
In my case I have used the following command to verify the users of the text file either that are added to the Linux OS or not , and how many users I have .
To verify the users I have used the following command in my script :
Path=$($pwd)users.txt
varify=`grep " varify " $ Path |cut - f2 -d : `
cat /etc / passwd | grep $ varify
Varify is the variable that contains the unique value of the usenames .
To display the total number of users I have used the following command :
echo -e "
You have Currently "
cat /etc / passwd | grep $ varify |wc -l ;
echo " users added from your Text File "
The result of the above command in my case is :
fa05 btn001:x:502:502::/home/fa05btn001:/bin/bash
fa05 btn002:x:503:502::/home/fa05btn002:/bin/bash
fa05 btn003:x:504:502::/home/fa05btn003:/bin/bash
fa05 btn004:x:505:502::/home/fa05btn004:/bin/bash
fa05 btn005:x:506:502::/home/fa05btn005:/bin/bash
fa05 btn006:x:507:502::/home/fa05btn006:/bin/bash
fa05 btn007:x:508:502::/home/fa05btn007:/bin/bash
fa05 btn008:x:509:502::/home/fa05btn008:/bin/bash
You have Currently 8 users added from your Text file
Advertisement
3. Delete Users
### MENU ###
1. ADD USERS
2. Varify Users
3. Delete Users
4. EXIT
If user selects the option 3 .
Delete Users then the verification of the user as root will be done before going further .
If the user verified as root succesfully then another menu will appear like :
##############################################
Please select the Mode !!!
1.Delete Specific User
2.Delete all Users Specified in the TEXT File
##############################################
Now from the above menu if user selects the option 1 .
Delete Specific
User then the script will display the current users of the system and ask the user to enter the name of the user to delete .
To display all the users of the system I have used the following command :
cat /etc / passwd |grep bash
The above command will display the following result :
You have currently following USERS Added to your System
root : x:0:0: root:/root:/bin/bash
lucky : x:501:501: Lucky :/home/lucky:/bin/bash
fa05 btn001:x:502:502::/home/fa05btn001:/bin/bash
fa05 btn002:x:503:502::/home/fa05btn002:/bin/bash
fa05 btn003:x:504:502::/home/fa05btn003:/bin/bash
fa05 btn004:x:505:502::/home/fa05btn004:/bin/bash
fa05 btn005:x:506:502::/home/fa05btn005:/bin/bash
fa05 btn006:x:507:502::/home/fa05btn006:/bin/bash
fa05 btn007:x:508:502::/home/fa05btn007:/bin/bash
fa05 btn008:x:509:502::/home/fa05btn008:/bin/bash
Type the Name of the User you wants to Delete :
Now the user will asked to enter the name of the user to delete , and when the user entered the name of the user that he / she wants to delete the Linux OS will search the user in the above file and delete the user by using the following command :
read user_name
userdel -r $ user_name
The following command will extract the usernames from the text file :
Username=`grep " Username00$num " $ Path | cut - f2 -d : `
The following script segment will go to the end of the file and terminates the loop :
if [ $ Username == " EOF " ] ; then
clear
main
fi
The following command will delete the users listed in the text file :
userdel -r $ Username
Note : I have tested my ADDUSER.sh script on PCLinuxOS , and I hope that it will also work well on other Linux distributions .
Anybody can modify the code as well , and please share it with others .
Have a nice time . :-)
THE FOLLOWING IS THE COMPLETE SCRIPT TO ADD , DELETE and VERIFY THE USERS IN LINUX OS .
Created by USMAN AKRAM ( ajaonchat )
#!/bin/bash ###############################################################
# This Script is Created by # # USMAN AKRAM ( ajaonchat ) # # FA05 - BTN -005 # # BTN - 6 # ############################################################### add_users ( ) { ROOT_UID=0
# The root user has a UID of 0 if [ " $ UID " - ne " $ ROOT_UID " ] ; then echo " **** You must be the root user to run this script !****" exit fi echo echo Identity Verified_You are the Root echo echo -e "
#########################################
" echo -e " Please Select the Mode !!!
" echo -e " 1 . Add the Users Manually
2.Read the Users Automatically from Text File
" echo -e "########################################### " read add_opt case $ add_opt in 1 ) echo -e " Please Enter the User name : " read usr_name echo -e " Please enter the User Group " read usr_group groupadd $ usr_group useradd -g $ usr_group -m $ usr_name echo -e " Please enter the Password for User $ usr_name " passwd $ usr_name ;; 2 ) echo echo " Present working directory is : `pwd`/users.txt " echo echo -e " Do you want to use the above Default PATH ? Yes =1 & No=2 " read yn if [ $ yn == 1 ] ; then Path=$( $pwd)users.
txt else echo -n " Please enter the correct path to the file ( e.g. /root / folder/filename.txt ) : " read Path fi if [ -e $ Path ] ; then # If the file user specified exists Username=lucky num=1 while [ $ Username != " EOF " ] do Username=`grep " Username00$num " $ Path | cut - f2 - d : ` # Extract Username from text file num= $ ( ( $num+1 ) ) Password=`grep " Password " $ Path | cut - f2 - d : ` # Extract Password from text file Group=`grep " Group " $ Path |cut - f2 -d : ` # Extract Group From text file groupadd $ Group # Adds user to the system and gives them a password if [ $ Username == " EOF " ] ; then clear main fi # Adds user to the system useradd -g $ Group -m $ Username # Add users password echo $ Password | /usr / bin / passwd -- stdin $ Username #user Password will be assigned done else # If the user Specified file does n't Exists echo -e "
############################################# " echo -e "
######CANNOT
FIND or LOCATE THE FILE !!!!##### " echo -e "
############################################# " fi ; ; *) echo -e " You have selected the Wrong Choice !!! " esac } varify ( ) { echo -e " ################################# " echo -e " Please Select the Mode !!!
" echo -e " 1. Varify All the Users of System
2.Varify All the Users of TEXT file
" echo -e " ################################# " read varify_user case $ varify_user in 1 ) cat /etc / passwd |grep bash ; ; 2 ) echo echo " Present working directory is : `pwd`/users.txt " echo echo -e " Do you want to use the above Default PATH ? Yes =1 & No=2 " read yn if [ $ yn == 1 ] ; then Path=$( $pwd)users.
txt else echo -n " Please enter the correct path to the file ( e.g. /root / folder/filename.txt ) : " read Path fi if [ -e $ Path ] ; then Path=$( $pwd)users.txt varify=`grep " varify " $ Path |cut - f2 -d : ` cat /etc / passwd | grep $ varify echo -e "
You have Currently " cat /etc / passwd | grep $ varify |wc -l echo " users added from your Text file " else # If the user Specified file does n't Exists echo -e "
############################################# " echo -e "
######CANNOT
FIND or LOCATE THE FILE !!!!##### " echo -e "
############################################# " fi ;; *) echo -e " Wrong Choice " esac } del_users ( ) {
# This Script will delete the Users from the HOME DIRECTORY !!!!
ROOT_UID=0
# The root user has a UID of 0 if [ " $ UID " - ne " $ ROOT_UID " ] ; then echo " **** You must be the root user to run this script !****" exit fi echo echo Identity Verified_You are the Root echo echo echo " Present working directory is : `pwd`/students.txt " echo # This is the Menu to select the mode to Deletion the users , either delete selected user or to delete all the users you have in the TEXT file ...???
echo -e "#################################### " echo -e "
Please select the Mode !!!
1.Delete Specific User
2.Delete all Users Specified in the TEXT File
" echo -e " #################################### " read del_opt case $ del_opt in 1 ) echo -e "
You have currently following USERS Added to your System
" cat /etc / passwd |grep bash echo -e "
Type the Name of the User you wants to Delete :" read user_name userdel -r $ user_name ;; 2 ) echo echo " Present working directory is : `pwd`/users.txt " echo echo -e " Do you want to use the above Default PATH ? Yes =1 & No=2 " read yn if [ $ yn == 1 ] ; then Path=$( $pwd)users.
txt else echo -n " Please enter the correct path to the file ( e.g. /root / folder/filename.txt ) : " read Path fi if [ -e $ Path ] ; then # If the file user specified exists num =1 Username=lucky while [ $ Username != " EOF " ] do Username=`grep " Username00$num " $ Path | cut - f2 - d : ` # Extract Username from text file if [ $ Username == " EOF " ] ; then clear main fi userdel -r $ Username num= $ ( ( $ num+1 ) ) done else # If the user Specified file does n't Exists echo -e "
############################################# " echo -e "
######CANNOT
FIND or LOCATE THE FILE !!!!##### " echo -e "
############################################# " fi ;; *) echo -e " Wrong Choice " esac } main ( ) { opt=1 while [ $ opt - le 4 ] do clear echo -e " ### MENU ###
1. ADD USERS
2. Varify Users
3. Delete Users
4. EXIT
" read opt case $ opt in 1 ) add_users ;; 2 ) varify ;; 3 ) del_users ;; 4 ) exit 0 ; ; *) echo -e " You have Entered the Wrong Choice !!! " esac echo -e "
Want to run Script Again Yes=1 & No=4 . " read opt done } main exit 0
This is the text file that I used with my script
#######################################################
CREATED By USMAN AKRAM ( LUCKY ) FA05 - BTN - 005 [ email protected ]
#######################################################
COMSATS Abbottabad Student 's Account ==============================
Filename:users.txt Year :2008 Campus: CIIT -ABTD
Group : btn ##Following are the users that will be added to the HOME Directory !!!
Username001 : fa05btn001 Username002:fa05btn002 Username003:fa05btn003 Username004:fa05btn004 Username005:fa05btn005 Username006:fa05btn006 Username007:fa05btn007 Username008:fa05btn008 Username009:EOF
# it will be the End user varify : fa05btn Password : 123456 End of Text File !!!!
Created by USMAN AKRAM ( Lucky ) , Student of COMSATS University Abbottabad [ BS ( TN ) - 6 ]
Email Address : [ email protected ]
If you are looking to save money or get out of debt , one of the most obvious methods is to live below your means .
That is a suggestion that has many meanings .
The key to realizing this idea however is to understand that status in life is about presenting an image and true financial freedom is the ultimate status symbol .
You can spend a lot of money on a car and house that will impress your neighbors and friends , but you 've actually made yourself less secure and less wealthy .
All those trappings that are intended to make you feel wealthy are actually making you poor .
That car will lose value every year .
That house payment is very likely paying for space you do n't need .
Why pretend to be rich , when you can just become rich instead ?
Once you have established some money in the bank and your money is working for you , the world looks very different .
When you splurge , there 's no pain associated with it .
You 've earned what you 're buying and you know you can afford it .
No guilt and no fear come with the purchase .
When you buy a car you can't afford it 's a millstone , dragging you down .
When you put that money in the bank , it 's suddenly your ally , working with you instead of against you .
This is even truer for those of us who are in debt .
In fact I would argue if you 're already in debt , you can't possibly live below your means .
You 've already lived beyond your means and it's time to start paying the piper .
You 've dug yourself a hole and it 's time to start digging your way out .
Start really assessing why you buy the things you buy .
If you really start looking at your life , you 'll see how few things you actually need .
In America , we are a very wealthy nation .
Very few of us are overly concerned about food , clothing or shelter .
We 're looking at buying granite countertops or an impressive car .
Those are not needs .
They are in fact a trap , being set for you by your innate desire for status .
We 're all programmed by our genetics to want status .
People want to be important and well thought of in their tribe .
This is fine , but ultimately the real respect will grow from the inner confidence that comes from security .
It does n't come from the trappings of pretending to be something you are n't .
Stop worrying about what others think and worry about what you feel .
When you do this , what you 'll find is that you 've gotten the best of both worlds .
The status that comes with symbols and the bank account that makes you secure .
Item posted by Sylvain Beucler < Beuc > on Thu 04 Jun 2009 07:08:47 AM UTC .
The system is now completely functional .
It 's time to decide what to do with your data .
( see first explanations at http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/savannah-users/2009-05/msg00023.html)
Please discuss and send questions at savannah-users@gnu.org !
For import requests : see below , you need to send a support request via
the web interface .
Basically your choices are :
a ) you can use the backup from April 29
b ) you can use our latest ( incomplete ) backup from May 29
c ) you can import another backup you have
d ) you can wait a few days until we possibly recover latest data from the crashes disk ( nothing is sure though ) .
More details about this later .
e ) you can use the backup from May 27 which we found a bit later
Here 's how do it for the various VCSs :
CVS :
a) The version from 29 April in the ' backup-20090429 ' subdirectory .
b) The version from 29 May in the ' backup-20090529 - incomplete ' subdirectory .
c ) Upload your backup in your download area ( SFTP ) for us to import
e ) The version from 27 May in the ' backup-20090527 ' subdirectory .
Access commands :
cvs -d:pserver:anonymous@cvs.sv.gnu.org :/sources/backup-20090429/your_project co your_module
cvs -d:pserver:anonymous@cvs.sv.gnu.org :/sources/backup-20090529-incomplete/your_project co your_module
cvs -d:pserver:anonymous@cvs.sv.gnu.org :/sources/backup-20090527/your_project co your_module
rsync rsync://cvs.sv.gnu.org/sources/backup-20090429/your_project/
rsync rsync://cvs.sv.gnu.org/sources/backup-20090529-incomplete/your_project/
rsync rsync://cvs.sv.gnu.org/sources/backup-20090527/your_project/
IN ALL CASES : post a support request , authenticated ( i.e. login first ) at https://savannah.gnu.org/support/?func=additem&group=administration with category " RECOVERY : CVS / SVN " .
Requests send by mail or in the wrong category wo n't be processed .
In your requests , remember to specify :
- name of the project
- VCS type ( CVS / SVN / both )
- date of the backup to recover ( April / May )
If after 2 weeks we did n't receive an answer for your project , we 'll reinstall the latest backup we have ( May 27 ) .
SVN :
a) The version from 29 April in the ' backup-20090429 ' subdirectory .
b) The version from 29 May in the ' backup-20090529 - incomplete ' subdirectory .
c ) Upload your backup in your download area ( SFTP )
e ) The version from 27 May in the ' backup-20090527 ' subdirectory .
Access commands :
svn co svn://svn.sv.gnu.org/backup-20090429/your_project
svn co svn://svn.sv.gnu.org/backup-20090529-incomplete/your_project
svn co svn://svn.sv.gnu.org/backup-20090527/your_project
rsync rsync://svn.sv.gnu.org/svn/backup-20090429/your_project/
rsync rsync://svn.sv.gnu.org/svn/backup-20090529-incomplete/your_project/
rsync rsync://svn.sv.gnu.org/svn/backup-20090527/your_project/
( if you get an error from this last one , it 's probably corrupted )
IN ALL CASES : post a support request , authenticated ( i.e. login first ) at https://savannah.gnu.org/support/?func=additem&group=administration with category " RECOVERY : CVS / SVN " .
Requests send by mail or in the wrong category wo n't be processed .
In your requests , remember to specify :
- name of the project
- VCS type ( CVS / SVN / both )
- date of the backup to recover ( April / May )
If after 2 weeks we did n't receive an answer for your project , we 'll reinstall the latest backup we have ( May 27 ) .
Git :
a) We installed the version from 29 April .
b ) You can attempt to recover from the partial 29 May backup : http://git.savannah.gnu.org/r/backup-20090529-incomplete/
c ) You can push a local version if you have one ( git push ... , once per public branch and tag )
e ) If you did n't push yet , you can check the May 27 backup at : http://git.savannah.gnu.org/r/backup-20090527/
You can import the repository directly , without our help .
Mercurial :
a) We installed the version from 29 April .
b) We do n't have a more recent backup
c ) You can push a local version if you have one .
e ) If you did n't push yet , you can check the May 27 backup in the ' backup-20090527 ' subdirectory
You can import the repository directly , without our help .
WebCVS :
We plan to either recover the data from disk , or failing that , manually commit the latest version at http://www.gnu.org and http://www.nongnu.org.
Look Ma , No Oil ( Or Clothes )
Up to 2,000 riders are expected to place unadorned buttock to bike saddle for the U.K. 's sixth annual World Naked Bike Ride this weekend , part of a global network of naked ride events planned in 140 locations to demonstrate against cars and oil dependency .
According to organizers , no , it does n't chafe .
Read more
So Much Hate , So Few Places To Go With It
In response to Fox News ' Shephard Smith suggesting the Holocaust museum shooting and his own recent mail are evidence of a growing right - wing extremism , he has been pummelled by increasingly hysterical conservatives .
As Paul Krugman notes here , the shrillness of these " all - American lunatics " and their only moderately more reasonable cohorts alarms .
" They were warning us for a reason , " said Smith about an earlier report on the rise of rightwing extremists .
" It was a warning to us all .
And it appears now they were right . "
Read more
The following Op - Ed was written by Joe Mirabella .
Joe Mirabella is a volunteer for Join the Impact as the Washington State Community Organizer .
Mirabella is a full time writer and content developer for an online retailer .
He is engaged to marry his partner of 5 1/2 years in their home state of Iowa .
The Obama Flip - Flop campaign was a creative attempt to convince Obama to instruct the Justice Department to refuse to defend the DOMA ( Defense of Marriage Act ) lawsuit started by GLAD .
Presidents have the option to let lawsuits go through undefended when they believe they are unconstitutional .
Both Clinton and Bush exercised this option .
Unfortunately , the Justice Department released a 50 page brief today outlining the Obama administration ’s defense of DOMA .
Check out the AMERICAblog for their translation of the motion .
( A copy of the brief is at the end of this post . )
In the mean time let me summarize ; it is not good .
The Obama administration is attempting to diminish the two Supreme Court cases that most of our rights are based on , Loving vs Virginia and Lawrence vs Texas .
The LGBT community supported President Obama and his campaign with our money , our valuable time , and our votes .
We believed the President when he promised us he was going to repeal DOMA , end Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell , Pass the Employment Non Discrimination Act , support Hate Crimes Legislation , and more .
We believed the President because he offered the country hope and our community needed hope more than any other community in America .
We needed a friend in the White House who was willing to lead us through the civil rights movement of the century .
We needed someone who was not going to stab us in the back .
Mr. President you flip - flopped .
We should have known .
You started your Presidency with one of the most anti-gay Pastors in the country giving your inaugural prayer , Rick Warren .
You further hurt us by remaining silent on proposition 8 .
The one moment you mentioned our advances in Iowa and other states was in jest at the correspondence dinner .
You asked the Supreme Court to ignore an appeal on Do n’t Ask Do n’t tell for “ unit cohesion ” .
You did all these things and yet your promises remained on Whitehouse.
gov ( FYI his promise to repeal DOMA is no longer there . )
Some of us still hoped , myself included , that you would do the right thing and not defend DOMA .
I no longer have hope for you President Obama .
I no longer believe you are on my side .
Your adminstration is using the arguments of our worst enemies to uphold laws that destroy our families .
I should have known .
I should not have been so enchanted by your beautiful speeches and colorful campaign posters .
Mr. President you are no different than the rest .
You used our community to get to the White House and now you have pushed us aside .
This time is different though , because we wo n’t take it anymore !
I was once on the fence about the October march on Washington .
It is clearer to me now more than ever we can not wait .
We need to show up and stand up .
We need to destroy our worst enemy — apathy .
We need to mobilize our communities to fight locally and nationally .
We need to demand that our leaders not only say they are going to protect our families , but they must prove it through action .
Flowery speeches will no longeer woo us .
Colorful posters are a red flag now .
If you want the support of the LGBT community , you will have to earn it .
A group of leaders met this spring in Dallas to discuss the future of the LGBT civil rights movement .
They developed a set of ideals that I think are a good start .
They are called the Dallas Principles :
In order to achieve full civil rights now , we avow :
1. Full civil rights for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender individuals must be enacted now .
Delay and excuses are no longer acceptable .
2.We will not leave any part of our community behind .
3.Separate is never equal .
4.Religious beliefs are not a basis upon which to affirm or deny civil rights .
5 . The establishment and guardianship of full civil rights is a non-partisan issue .
6.Individual involvement and grassroots action are paramount to success and must be encouraged .
7.Success is measured by the civil rights we all achieve , not by words , access or money raised .
8. Those who seek our support are expected to commit to these principles .
We are in a fight for our lives .
Maine needs our help to protect marriage from a voter initiative to overturn the recent gain there .
Washington needs our help to protect Domestic Partnerships from a group of fundamentalists .
Gays and lesbians are still being fired from their jobs because of who they were born to be .
Children are being hurt as they are ripped from loving same - sex parent ’s arms and returned to foster care systems .
Our community continues to be violently attacked in hate motivated crimes .
Obama reminded us today that we are the only ones we can depend on to fight for our rights .
Apathy is no longer an option .
Either stand up for yourself now or do n’t be surprised when we are left with nothing .
Join the Impact will be launching several tools in the near future to help you fight for your rights .
In the mean time volunteer your time locally , get ready to go to Washington DC , donate your money to LGBT causes , demand your representatives vote for your rights , talk to people about our issues , and most importantly do not give up .
When Obama became President , he asked us to hold his feet to the fire when he was letting us down .
Mr. President , you let me down .
Join me by telling the president he let you down by twittering the president @barackobama with the tag #promise
It is no longer okay for our elected leaders to take advantage of us .
If you want our support , you will have to earn it through action .
You better start now , because we are watching .
Obama ’s Motion to Dismiss Marriage case
Obama calls for cuts in Medicare and Medicaid
16 June 2009
Over the weekend , President Barack Obama called for cuts in funding for Medicare and Medicaid , the federal health insurance programs for the elderly and the poor , including the elimination of subsidies for hospitals that treat uninsured patients .
This proposal , combined with plans to limit medical tests and treatments , underscores the reactionary , anti-working class character of Obama ’s proposed “ reform ” of the health care system .
It is becoming increasingly clear that the essence of the administration ’s health care policy , under the guise of universal coverage , is a downgrading of care for the majority of the population so as to cut health care costs for business and the government .
Administration spokesmen have also indicated that Obama is receptive to the idea of taxing workers for the health benefits they receive from their employers — something for which he denounced his opponent , Senator John McCain , during last year ’s presidential election campaign .
In a speech before the American Medical Association ( AMA ) in Chicago on Monday , President Obama made it clear that his health care reform would in no way impinge on the profit interests of insurance companies , hospital chains and drug companies .
He added that he was open to limiting the ability of patients to pursue medical malpractice suits .
As he has done before , Obama framed the health care issue entirely from the standpoint of containing rising costs that are fueling federal budget deficits and undermining the competitiveness of US corporations .
The fact that nearly 50 million Americans are uninsured and tens of millions more cannot afford adequate health care was chiefly raised to point to the added costs of unpaid emergency room visits .
Rising health care costs , particularly for the government - run Medicare and Medicaid programs for the elderly and the poor , the president said , were a “ ticking time - bomb for the federal budget ” and “ unsustainable . ”
If the health care system was not fixed , he warned , “ America may go the way of GM , ” referring to the bankrupt automaker .
The cost of his plan — estimated to be a trillion dollars over the next ten years — would be “ budget neutral , ” he said , and would be funded through cuts in Medicare and Medicaid , along with “ modestly limiting the tax deductions the wealthiest Americans can take to the same level it was at the end of the Reagan years . ”
The president plans to cut $ 313 billion over the next decade from the two federal health programs by limiting the growth of Medicare reimbursements to hospitals and health care providers .
He also said he was open to expanding the role of the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission — a body set up by the Newt Gingrich - led Republican Congress in 1997 — to save another $ 200 billion .
As the Wall Street Journal noted Monday , “ New York City offers a window into what could happen when payments to safety - net hospitals are cut .
Already running at a deficit , the city ’s public hospital system is looking at $ 150 million in state Medicaid cuts for next year .
Next month , it will close some outpatient services , such as community - based primary and preventive - care offices .
“ ’We are in a position already where we are making painful decisions that require us to reduce access and services , ’ said Alan D. Aviles , president and chief executive of the system , known as the Health and Hospitals Corp . ”
Under the terms of Obama ’s plan , the wealthy would still have access to the best medical care while tens of millions of working people would have a choice of lower standard plans available in a so - called Health Insurance Exchange , where coverage was limited to what one could afford .
This would include a government - subsidized “ public option , ” he said , which “ would inject competition into the health care market to force waste out of the system . ”
Far from guaranteeing decent health care for the population , the program would create a system , dominated by private companies seeking to maximize their profits , where health care for working and poor people was rationed according to its “ cost- effectiveness . ”
Doctors would be under intense pressure from government “ advisory boards ” not to order tests , use drugs or carry out medical treatments that were deemed too expensive .
Obama recently told the New York Times that prolonging the lives of terminally ill and very old people presently accounts for 80 percent of the total health care bill .
He suggested that such outlays might not be cost - effective .
In his speech before the AMA — a body that opposed the establishment of Medicare in the 1960s — Obama gave assurances that his proposal for a public insurance option as part of his reform did not threaten private markets .
He said , “ The public option is not your enemy ; it is your friend . ”
He denounced those who claimed it was a “ Trojan horse for a single - payer system ” like those in Europe , and said it was “ important for us to build on our traditions here in the United States , ” i.e. , to maintain a system based on the profit principle .
Obama brought the AMA delegates to their feet by declaring that he was willing to provide relief to doctors facing the high cost of malpractice lawsuits — long a plank of the Republican Party .
“ I recognize , ” he said , that “ some doctors may feel the need to order more tests and treatments to avoid being legally vulnerable , ” he said , assuring them that “ evidence - based ” guidelines established by the government would allow physicians to “ scale back the excessive defensive medicine , ” which supposedly plagued the health care system .
The socially destructive implications of Obama ’s health care plan are spelled out in a recent book by Ezekiel Emanuel , brother of Obama ’s chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , and a medical advisor to the administration .
In a review of the book , Health Care Guaranteed : A Simple , Secure Solution for America , the New York Review of Books wrote that under Emanuel ’s proposal , “ Employee - based insurance would disappear , ” and “ Medicaid would also end and Medicare would be gradually phased out . ”
In opposition to this reactionary plan , the working class must advance its own answer to the health care crisis , based on the nationalization under workers ’ control of the insurance and pharmaceutical giants and the hospital chains , and the establishment of a genuine system of socialized medicine to meet human needs , not private profit .
Jerry White
The author also recommends :
Obama chooses private profit over healthcare needs
[ 8 June 2009 ]
The Obama recovery
[ 6 May 2009 ]
Jerry White
Recently a routine police patrol parked outside a local pub .
Late in the evening , the officer noticed a man leaving the bar so intoxicated that he could barely walk .
The man stumbled around the car park for a few minutes , with the officer quietly observing .
After what seemed an eternity and trying his keys on five vehicles , the man managed to find his car which he fell into .
He sat there for a few minutes as a number of other patrons left the bar and drove off .
Finally , he started the car , switched the wipers on and off ( it was a fine dry night ) flicked the indicators on , then off , tooted the horn and then switched on the lights .
He moved the vehicle forward a few inches , reversed a little and then remained stationary for a few more minutes as some more vehicles left .
At last , he pulled out of the car park and started to drive slowly down the road .
The police officer , having patiently waited all this time , now started up the patrol car .
He put on the flashing lights , promptly pulled the man over and carried out a breathalyzer test .
To his amazement , the breathalyzer indicated no evidence of the man having consumed alcohol at all !
Dumbfounded , the officer said “ I ’ll have to ask you to accompany me to the police station .
This breathalyzer equipment must be broken . ”
“ I doubt it ” , said the man , “ tonight I ’m the designated decoy . ”
0 0 vote Article Rating
Pin Share 0 Shares
" How to break in ? "
That 's one of the most frequently asked questions from students and potential career - changers all around the world .
Unfortunately , no one has a good answer .
I hope , however , that my personal story will be enough to encourage you not to give up , and that I can offer some advice on how to gain and develop experience , even if you 're not working on an AAA or AA title right away .
My story starts many years ago in a small town in Germany with two other students .
We had all been interested in game development and most of us had already developed smaller designs and demos .
Together , we decided to take our hobby to the next level and founded the indie development group Tricium Factory .
We recruited other interested students and within a month our group had 10 members , all with different specialties .
By then , as one of the founders , I had also become one of the leaders .
As the head designer I was responsible for developing our vision and maintaining our connections with other German developers .
In my eyes , this was and still is the most important advantage someone can gain from being an indie developer .
You 're not one of the big global players , but you 're part of the market and can make connections and build networks more easily .
As Wendy Despain mentioned in her book Professional Techniques for Game Writing , you never can have enough connections and your network can never be too large .
I only can encourage you , especially when I consider my background , to get out and make connections with other developers .
A good place to start would be your local IGDA chapter , any kind of indie development conference or or pro conference , like one of the Game Developers Conferences .
Another lesson I learned was that it 's better to have something finished , even something small , than any big unfinished project on your desk .
So start small -- there will be enough time to grow and with each day you should be getting better in your field of expertise .
For me , it was writing , game design , and level design , but for you it could be something totally different .
If you are an aspiring writer , I would recommend you to take some time to study game design and scripting .
Later within the industry you may not only write , but also design missions , quests , and maybe even need to script a prototype .
Learning now makes it easier later on .
After the Tricium Factory was founded , it was part of the German games market for almost seven years before any major outcome was within reach .
That 's a very long time and often it was very hard not to give up and go somewhere else , but during that time we developed presentations , demos , pitches and the second advantage from being indie kicked in , which I 'll call the chance of flexibility .
As an indie developer , I had more chances to try out different fields , which helped me to find my personal expertise .
It is still helpful today , when I have to talk with artists or programmers .
I 'd never been a professional artist or programmer , but I learned to review code , to outline my ideas , and most importantly I learned how to communicate with these different professionals .
Since I now have talked about advantages , I experienced during my time as an indie , I 'd like to give away some tips that been useful for me to solve one of the biggest problems as a start - up indie .
The biggest problem you most likely will encounter is the problem not to have enough manpower and / or experience to write a complete toolset and game engine right away and maybe you also encounter the problem not to have a skilled team member for a certain task in your team .
Join the JoyList !
Nitrozac and Snaggy would like to keep you informed of any Joy of Tech and Geek Culture news , with a very occasional email newsletter .
Do n't worry , your information is only used for this list , and never released to any third party .
do not ask why box barks
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
I stopped by to see John McCain this afternoon in his Senate office .
I have n't seen him for several months , and was glad to see that he seemed rested and ready , if not tan .
He was in high spirits , and we talked for a while about the Obama Administration 's embrace of realpolitik , Pakistan , Iran , the whole nine yards .
But first I asked him about Dick Cheney and his defense of Bush Administration torture policies .
He told me of his fundamental disagreement with Cheney : " When you have a majority of Americans , seventy - something percent , saying we should n't torture , then I 'm not sure it helps for the Vice President to go out and continue to espouse that position , " he said .
" But look , he 's free to talk .
He 's a former Vice President of the United States .
I just do n't see where it helps . "
And then he got acerbic : Cheney , he says , " believes that waterboarding does n't fall under the Geneva Conventions and that it 's not a form of torture .
But you know , it goes back to the Spanish Inquisition . "
I 'll post more of what McCain said -- including his critique of Obama 's speech -- tomorrow .
In a country as large as China , the numbers can be very impressive .
The Guardian :
Banning flimsy plastic bags has been dismissed as a drop in the ocean when it comes to dealing with the world ’s environment problems , but multiplied on a China scale , it appears to have made a big difference .
A new report suggests restrictions on bag usage in the world ’s most populous nation have saved the equivalent of 1.6 million tonnes of oil , in the year since it was introduced .
Just ahead of the first anniversary of the ban , the China Chain Store and Franchise Association estimated it had saved the country 40 billion plastic bags .
According to their survey , plastic bag use has fallen by two thirds as consumers grow accustomed to bringing their own reusable bags .
Israeli police target young people for refusing military service
By Jean Shaoul
21 May 2009
Last month , in scenes reminiscent of a coordinated sweep on dangerous organised criminals , Israeli police mounted a country - wide raid of people active in Target 21 , a draft resistance group , and searched their homes citing “ incitement to draft evasion ” .
They seized computers and documents , and detained seven people for interrogation .
The police branded the refuseniks , as those who refuse to serve in Israel Defence Forces ( IDF ) are called , as “ draft shirkers ” .
Timing the raid on the day before Israel ’s Memorial Day for those killed in military action , the police sought to exploit the emotions of families who had lost loved ones in Israel ’s wars and military assaults on the Palestinians and its Arab neighbours to brand the young anti-military activists as beyond the Pale .
The seven , who included a 70 - year - old artist , a retired nurse and a 20 - year - old activist , are suspected of operating Web sites that they claim actively promote “ incitement to draft dodging ” , an offence punishable under Israeli law by up to five years in jail .
They were released after questioning on the condition that they do not associate with blacklisted activist groups .
The police followed this up with early morning raids on the homes of 10 activists from New Profile , a feminist group that has for more than a decade opposed the militarisation of Israeli society , seizing computers and interrogating the activists .
When New Profile supporters turned up to protest outside a police station in Tel Aviv , the police beat their way through the crowd and made a further eight arrests .
New Profile and Target 21 ( 21 refers to the IDF ’s code for those deemed unfit to serve ) are two of the draft resistance groups that are now proliferating in Israel .
They post tips on their Web sites about how to evade military service via medical or other exemptions .
They insist on their loyalty to Israel and commitment to Zionism , limiting themselves to a call to the pre-1967 borders and co-existence of two states , Israel and Palestine .
Israel requires young men to serve in the IDF for three years and then at least a month a year until the age of 40 .
It is the only state in the world to require compulsory military service for young women as well , although they are not required to serve in combat units .
It provides no alternative to active service , nor does it recognise conscientious objection for pacifist reasons .
But despite conscription , many Israelis do not serve .
Palestinian Israelis are not drafted although a few Bedu and Druze do serve voluntarily .
Religious Jews are exempt if they can show that they are attending religious seminaries , while orthodox women are exempt .
Recently , the military has begun to hire private investigators to check up on whether those pleading exemption on religious grounds are indeed orthodox Jews .
According to a personnel officer , Lt. Colonel Gil Ben
Shaul , they are trying to find out “ what kind of [ religious ] life they are leading ... whether they are out at a disco on Friday night or driving on the Sabbath ” .
It is a reflection of the soaring inequality that pervades Israeli society today that an increasing number of poor and marginalised Israelis are deemed “ unfit ” or “ unqualified ” for mental or physical reasons .
There are also a number of young people who refuse to serve for pacifist reasons or — and this is more prevalent — refuse to serve in the Occupied Palestinian Territories .
While the “ partial ” or “ selective ” refuseniks are largely made up of reservists , there are increasing numbers of high school graduates who have refused outright out of pacifism or because their opposition to the army ’s ongoing oppression of the Palestinians .
The Israeli High Court ruled in 2002 that refusal to serve was legal if the objector was an “ unqualified ” pacifist but that “ selective refusal , ” which accepted some duties but not others , was not .
It argued that to allow selective refusal would “ weaken the ties that bind us as a nation ” and ruled that refusing to serve in the West Bank and Gaza constituted “ selective refusal , ” not conscientious objection .
It is now estimated that 50 percent of young men and 56 percent of young women avoid military service for one reason or another , and this number is increasing .
According to a recent military report , the number of women failing to enlist has increased from about one third 20 years ago to 44 percent last year .
In 2003 , well over 1,200 Israelis of military age declared that they would refuse to take part in the IDF ’s illegal actions against the Palestinians .
Of these , more than half had already rejected orders to serve in the occupied territories and a further 600 had said that they would refuse when they were called up to do so .
At least 300 reservists were known to have been imprisoned .
The IDF has generally sought to downplay the scale of dissent and avoided court - martialing refuseniks , preferring instead to try them by summary procedure where the unit commander acts as judge and jury , and sentences are limited to 35 days at the most .
While a court martial would result in a more draconian punishment , more in line with the IDF ’s ethos , it would give the defendant greater rights , including the services of a lawyer and the right to call witnesses .
That in turn could lead to a defence based upon right to disobey orders , such as the invasion of Lebanon , the suppression of Palestinian resistance and the blockade of Gaza , that are illegal under both Israeli and international law , a situation that Israeli leaders have been desperate to avoid .
However , in 2003 the IDF was confronted with hundreds of twelfth grade high school students , or shministim , who had signed a letter saying that they would refuse to enlist in an army of occupation , and then lived up to their promise .
When repeated jail sentences failed to quash the dissent , the IDF broke with tradition and court - martialed six of the group ’s leaders .
It also began to move against women refuseniks , imposing jail sentences on young women .
With a population of just 6 million , one fiftieth of the population of the US , one tenth of the population of Britain and one twentieth of Japan , the number of refuseniks is significant in numerical terms .
It would be the equivalent of 50,000 US soldiers refusing to serve in Afghanistan or 10,000 British troops refusing to serve in Northern Ireland .
For a state as dependent as Israel is upon on its military forces , such a rate of attrition is nothing short of disastrous , particularly as the army has traditionally been seen as the very incarnation of nationhood .
In the 1950s and 1960s , military service was regarded as an honour and a duty .
Soldiers were treated with enormous respect .
Officers could walk into the best civilian jobs , and those who went into politics were assured rapid promotion in local and national government .
Until very recently , outright or even selective refusal was seen as an act of moral and political defiance against the state , a sacrilege , leading to a refusenik being ostracised by his or her family and friends .
It was only after the 1967 war that led to the capture of the West Bank , Gaza , the Golan Heights and Sinai , and the transformation of Israel ’s armed forces , formally constituted as the Israel Defence Force , into an army of occupation and the defender of illegal settlements that refusal to serve became more than an isolated phenomenon .
The invasion of Lebanon 1982 led to the growth of the peace movement , a major part of which was the refusal to serve in Lebanon .
The refusal movement has grown with every armed offensive by Israel .
Last year , hundreds of shministim signed a conscientious objector pledge , adding to the growing opposition to the compulsory draft .
When a number of them were jailed , an international campaign was mounted to secure their release .
This growing opposition to conscription is significant , because such is the militarisation of Israeli society that the IDF wages a major recruitment drive aimed at teenagers , including mass advertising , youth training camps , and media , institutional and educational interventions .
These are clearly no longer as effective as they used to be in grooming youth for conscription .
It was unclear how many soldiers refused to serve in Gaza during Israel ’s onslaught earlier this year .
According to Chris McGreal writing in the Irish Times , this was because the IDF was sending people home , quietly .
Courage to Resist ’s
Web site said that of the seven who had been summoned to fight and refused , one had been imprisoned for 14 days and the rest were awaiting a military trial .
Nowadays , young men and women talk openly of their dislike of frisking , humiliating and turning away Palestinians at the more than 600 road blocks in the West Bank that have wrecked the Palestinian economy and made the normal activities of everyday life all but impossible .
Others have called the IDF “ the settlers ’ army ” .
Finding loopholes in the rules governing enlistment has become common among Israeli youth .
It is for this reason that last September Attorney General Menachem Mazuz called for draft resister groups such as New Profile , which also campaigns against Israel ’s brutal and humiliating treatment of the Palestinians and exposes the actions of the IDF , to be investigated .
It followed the declaration of a “ war on draft evasion ” by Defence Minister Ehud Barak and IDF Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi last summer .
This crackdown on young people comes within weeks of the most right - wing government in Israel ’s history , pledged to an expansionist policy , coming to power .
It appears , according to Ha’aretz , that a complaint against New Profile was made by the Israeli Forum for the Promotion of Equal Share in the Burden , which advocates universal and mandatory conscription .
It signifies a turn to repress any opposition to the government ’s expansionist and militarist policies .
Almost all the political parties in Israel have condemned the refusal to serve on political grounds , calling such action dangerous and undemocratic .
The so - called parties of peace , Labour and most of Meretz , have opposed their actions , as have the right - wing and ultra-nationalist parties .
Some of the far right parties have even accused the refuseniks of aiding and abetting Israel ’s enemies and of treason during war time .
However , the raids appear to have backfired , with the dissent groups receiving increased interest , with more hits on their Web sites , and support .
The , as yet , small but growing dissent testifies to the real state of public opinion in Israel , the ever widening gap between official politics in Israel today and the broad mass of the population , who want an end to the long running conflict , and the objective unity between Arab and Israeli youth and working people .
I was just poking around in the filesystem of the Palm Pre , and I found a pdf file containing all of the open source software licenses used in the phone .
I thought it was interesting to see all of the different packages that went into making WebOS tick .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
3000 AD ’s new simulatory shooter has a demo , and you can get it here .
It ’s a mere 290 mb .
The demo includes a bunch of instant action scenarios and a taste of the various careers in the game .
More info can be found over on the blog .
We understand from the most recent postings that the game itself is imminent .
Belkin has announced two new versions of its TuneBase line of iPod / iPhone automobile mounts .
Like older TuneBase models , each new model plugs into your car 's accessory - power ( aka , " cigarette lighter " ) jack , charging your iPod or iPhone while holding it in a more - visible position ; you can position the cradle vertically or horizontally .
But the new models also provide hands - free phone functionality .
The $ 70 TuneBase Direct with Hands - Free sends audio to your car 's stereo via a 3.5 mm ( 1/8 - inch ) stereo minijack ; a minijack - to - minijack cable is included .
The $ 90 TuneBase FM with Hands - Free includes an FM transmitter to send your player 's audio to your car stereo via FM radio frequencies ; Belkin's ClearScan feature automatically scans the FM dial to find the best frequency .
When using either TuneBase with an iPhone , if a phone call comes in , pressing the TuneBase 's Call button pauses playback and routes the call 's audio through your car 's speakers ; the iPhone 's microphone continues to function , just as if you were using the phone 's speakerphone mode .
The TuneBase Direct will be available in the US in " early June " ; the TuneBase FM will be available in mid-July .
MoveOn.org is fund - raising to launch a major campaign to get the bill fixed , and I have them to thank for the links that appear in this diary , but I 'm not sure how a fixed bill could pass both houses .
It appears that it would be better to have no bill at all than the one we wound up with , so it appears that Dennis Kucinich cast the correct vote .
He was called a " purist prick " for that vote on this site , but he lays out very strong arguments for voting the way he did .
As a trained engineer , I tend to reject " solutions " that make the problem worse , even if the proposal comes from friends and allies .
I 'm sorry , but there is no such thing as " clean coal " .
This bill might even increase greenhouse gas production , by lifting barriers to coal use and delaying all the pain to the indefinite future .
We might do better by having no bill and letting the EPA regulate greenhouse gases .
Earlier this week Mininova and the Dutch anti-piracy outfit BREIN fought out a civil dispute in court .
In broad terms , BREIN demanded a copyright filter but an in - depth look at their demands reveals that they also suggest the BitTorrent site to block torrents tracked by The Pirate Bay and ban uploaders such as aXXo .
This Tuesday the world ’s largest BitTorrent indexer appeared in court .
Mininova , operated by five Dutchmen who turned their hobby project into a successful business , were sued by Dutch anti-piracy outfit BREIN which protects the rights of several large entertainment industry corporations .
BREIN ’s lawyer Dirk Visser told the court that Mininova aids in the distribution of copyright infringing works , and demanded that the site implements “ preventive measures ” to put an end to this .
It is important that Mininova covers the costs of these measures , they say .
When we posted our article summarizing the pleas of BREIN and Mininova ’s lawyers we did n’t have access to the exact texts .
We do now , and there are a few interesting details in the demands made by BREIN ’s lawyer that are worth mentioning .
Not only did BREIN demand a filter based on infohashes of ‘ copyrighted ’ torrents , they also called for a filter based on infringing keywords and possibly fingerprints .
Even more worrying though , is BREIN ’s suggestion that Mininova should ban torrents from public BitTorrent trackers that mostly link to copyright infringing content , hinting at The Pirate Bay ’s tracker .
Banning torrents that use The Pirate Bay ’s tracker is of course an absurd suggestion .
No public tracker controls who can use it , so BREIN essentially wants to ban public BitTorrent trackers from Mininova altogether .
The second ‘ demand ’ ( or suggestion ) not mentioned in our previous coverage is perhaps more realistic .
BREIN ’s lawyer suggested that Mininova should ban the accounts and IP - addresses of uploaders who frequently upload torrents linking to copyrighted material , referring to the hibernating uploader aXXo as an example .
Demands aside , Visser also told plain lies to the court .
In his plea he referred to aXXo telling the court that he was thanked by Mininova for his uploads , and rewarded with ‘ VIP uploader ’ status .
However , VIP uploaders or any kind of special uploader statuses do not exist on Mininova , and they never have either .
The implications of this distortion of truth are unclear .
Mininova ’s lawyer did n’t come back to it in her plea because of time constraints , so it probably went unnoticed by the judges too .
The verdict in the case is due on July 15 .
There is no doubt that this case will have huge implications for other BitTorrent indexers hosted in The Netherlands , for better or worse .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A divided U.S. Supreme Court ruled on Monday that the New York attorney general ’s office can investigate whether national banks discriminated against minorities seeking mortgages .
The justices overturned part of a ruling by a U.S. appeals court that blocked state Attorney General Andrew Cuomo from investigating or enforcing the fair lending laws against national banks because they are subject instead to what has been viewed as less stringent federal regulation .
In a 5 - 4 ruling , Justice Antonin Scalia , one of the Court ’s more conservative members , joined the four most liberal justices in allowing Cuomo to bring lawsuits , though he could not at the same time issue subpoenas .
The ruling struck down a regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency that essentially preempted states from enforcing their own fair lending laws , even when federal law appeared inadequate to protect consumers .
Scalia said it would be “ bizarre ” for states to be blocked from enforcing valid , non-preempted laws against national banks , such that “ the bark remains , but the bite does not . ”
Cuomo , in a statement , called the ruling “ a huge win for consumers across the nation , ” saying it reaffirms the role of state attorneys general “ in protecting consumers from illegal and improper practices by our country ’s biggest and most powerful banks . ”
The Clearing House Association LLC , a group of big banks supporting the OCC rule , was “ disappointed that the principle of uniformity in national bank enforcement has been breached , ” according to a spokesman .
Comptroller of the Currency John Dugan said he was disappointed but his agency would work with the states to ensure fair access to financial services and consumer protections .
“... everyone benefits from clarification of the law , ” Dugan said in a statement .
REVIVES PROBE
Cuomo was trying to revive a probe begun in 2005 by his predecessor , Eliot Spitzer , into possible racial discrimination in mortgage lending .
Spitzer sent letters of inquiry to mortgage providers including Citigroup Inc , HSBC Holdings Plc , JPMorgan Chase & Co and Wells Fargo &
Co in response to data he said appeared to show a significantly higher percentage of high - interest home mortgage loans issued to black and Hispanic borrowers than to white borrowers .
Two lower federal courts ruled against Cuomo , whose appeal won support from the other 49 states and Washington , D.C .
Cuomo contended that the economic crisis , due in large part to reckless subprime mortgage lending , has shown the need for more regulatory oversight and consumer protection .
Spitzer told Reuters by telephone that his office was driven to pursue the case because of concerns about disparate lending practices and concerns that subprime debt was becoming pervasive .
“ Obviously , it ’s a little late to forestall the cataclysm that emerged when the subprime debt fuse finally exploded , ” Spitzer said .
“ As we look forward , this is a good thing for states to be able to ask the questions and get the information from nationally chartered banks as well as state chartered banks . ”
BULLY PULPIT
The ruling is a “ serious loss for the banking industry , ” and also gives attorneys general a “ bully pulpit . ” said James Cox , a securities law professor at Duke University .
“ Even without subpoena power they can still hold press conferences and take steps to swing public opinion . ”
Groups representing real estate agents , state bank officials , and consumer and civil rights organizations supported Cuomo ’s appeal .
Monday ’s ruling “ is a victory for taxpayers , who have suffered enormously as a result of abusive business practices in all types of lending , ” said Michael Calhoun , president of the Center for Responsible Lending .
The Supreme Court last addressed a similar issue in 2007 , when it ruled that states cannot regulate the mortgage - lending subsidiaries of banks regulated by the Comptroller ’s office , which is part of the U.S. Treasury Department .
The case is Cuomo v. Clearing House Association LLC , No. 08-453 .
In our Photoshop Tutorial , we will create a Glowing Neon Girl from scratch .
Throughout this tutorial , you will simply learn how to make some cool Glowing Effects in Photoshop .
This is quite a little long so patience is a virtue .
Take a look at the Preview of our Final Image .
Final Image Preview
Step 1
So to start , Open an new document in Photoshop . ( 800×1200 ) .
Working on our background , use # 0e5358 and # 020d11 color .
Select Gradient Tool ( G ) and apply .
Step 2
Add New Layer .
Select Rectangular Marquee Tool ( M ) and create a selection below the image .
Use color # 086f78 .
Then , Select Paint Bucket Tool ( G ) and apply a color .
name the layer to BG1 .
Step 3
Add another Layer .
Name the layer to BG2 Shift + Click on BG1 layer so that selection will appear .
Use color # 000000 then select Gradient .
Adjust the Gradient to foreground to Transparent .
now apply the gradient on the upper part of the selection .
Step 4
Go to Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur .
From there ,
Set the Radius to 2 pixels .
Do the same thing on BG1 layer .
Now it will look something like this
Step 5
Now that we ’re done on our background , lets add the model .
You can download to Model Stock Photo in HERE Now Start Removing the back using Pen Tool ( P ) or Polygonal Lasso Tool ( L ) .
After removing the background of the Model Stock Photo , transfer it to our working document using Move Tool ( V ) by dragging .
Name the layer to Model Stock Photo .
.
Step 6
Lets try edit our Model Stock Photo first .
Choose Lasso Tool ( L ) and select an area in the pants , Duplicate the selected are by Pressing CRTL+J then move it on the hand .
The reason is we need to hide the hand using it .
Once its on the right position you can use Clone Tool Tool ( S ) to clone the edges .
Step 7
Choose Lasso Tool ( L ) and select the area shown on the image below .
After selecting , Press DELETE on your Keyboard .
Step 8
After all the editing and cutting our Image should now look something like this .
Step 9
Choose Polygonal Lasso Tool ( L ) and select an area on the Model Stock Photo jacket same as the image below .
The reason of doing this has something to do with our next 2 Steps .
Name this duplicate layer to Model Stock Photo 2
Step 10
Select Model Stock Photo layer then Click Add New Layer ,
This new layer is now between Model Stock Photo and Model Stock Photo 2 layer .
Choose Pen Tool ( P ) . adjust the Pen Tool to Path create something like on the image .
Step 11
Set color to # b0 fcff .
Right click to the path and choose Stroke Path > Brush .
Make sure you check on Simulate Pressure .
Name the layer to Glow .
Now Right Click on the Glow layer and select Blending Mode then choose Outer Glow .
from there , add color # 2cecf1 , Opacity to 100 % and Size to 3 pixels .
the effect will be like this .
Step 12
Continue adding more Glowing Effects and doing the same process until you made something like this one .
Doing this 1 layer each in every path that you made is better so you have option to move and adjust .
Step 13
Add new Group and Put all the Glowing layer to the Group .
Duplicate the Glow Group by Right click on the Group and choosing Duplicate Group . then move it to the other hand .
Rotate the Group and Move it to the right position .
CTRL+T then drag your mouse from the outside to Rotate the Group .
Now you should have like this
Step 14
Now lets make the skin on the Model Stock Photo Glowing as well .
Lets have a selection on the skin first .
Select Magnetic Lasso Tool ( L ) .
Now start selecting the face .
Then After the first selection Hold Shift then use the Magnetic Lasso Tool again so you can select another area while the first selection that you made is still selected .
Do the same process until you finished selecting all the skin parts .
Step 15
Duplicate the Selected skin area and name it to Dup1 .
On the Duplicate layer , Adjust the hue / saturation .
Go to Image > Adjustments >
Hue / Saturation and set the Saturation to - 100 .
Right Click the Dup1 layer and choose Blending mode .
On the Blending Mode , Select Inner Shadow .
Adjust the color to # 94f3f6 and set Blend Mode to Color .
The image will now look like this
Step 16
Duplicate the Dup1 and name it to Dup2 .
Right click the Dup2 and go to Blend Mode .
This time add and additional adjustment in Inner Glow .
Use color # 0 af2ea and Opacity to 100 % .
Now CTRL+I to invert the color .
Step 17
For the hair , Add New Layer and lets do the same process like what we did on the glow effect on the Model Stock Photo hands .
Check out the image below .
Step 18
Use color # b0 fcff .
Right Click the path again and choose Stroke Path > Brush .
make sure Simulate Pressure is Checked .
Delete the path by pressing DELETE on your keyboard after the color is added .
Right click the layer and choose Blending Mode .
From there select Outer Glow and apply the color # 2cecf1 . and Opacity to 100 %
Step 19
Continue doing the same process on the hair .
You can use 1,2 or 3 pixels thick on the brushes to have different sizes .
Step 20
Go back to the Model Stock Photo layer and erase the head part of the image .
after erasing it will now look like this .
Step 21
This time we will make the glowing shadow thing .
Use color foreground to # 23d5d9 .
Add new layer below the Model Stock Photo layer .
Choose Brush Tool ( B ) Use a blurry brush with a Master Diameter of 40 pixels and apply the brush .
check the image below .
Name the layer to Light Shadow 1 .
Step 22
Now Duplicate the Light Shadow 1 layer .
Go to Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur and set the Radius to 10 pixels .
Step 23
Now lets make the image a little dark so the glowing effect will be more emphasize .
Add New Layer above glowing hair layers .
Use color foreground to # 31c1c7 .
Choose the brush and apply the brush on the whole body .
Step 24
Go to Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur and set the Radius to 60 pixels .
Name this layer to Add Glow .
Step 25
Now Our image is now something like this .
Step 26
On the layers palette change , set it to linear Burn and Opacity to 50 % .
Now our image will look like this .
Step 27
Time to add highlights on the jacket , short and the shoes .
Add New layer above the Add Glow layer .
Name it to Highlight .
Choose Brush with a blurry brush and having a Master Diameter to 15 pixels .
Apply the brush on the area which near to the skin Check the image below on where to add the highlights .
Step 28
On the layers palette , choose Color Dodge and Opacity to 60 % .
Now we have a little highlights .
Step 29
Now lets create a little Sparkling Effect on the hands
Add new layer , and choose Brush Tool ( B ) .
Apply the brush on the Glowing Effect area .
See the image below .
Step 30
On the Layer Palette , Set the layer to Dissolve and Opacity to 3 %
Step 31
Let do another one .
Add new Layer , use Brush Tool .
Use Master Diameter of 5 pixels on the brush .
Apply something similar on the image below .
Step 32
Add new layer .
Now lets create a vertical line .
Choose Brush Tool with a Master Diameter of 2 pixels and start making lines .
Step 33
On the Layer Palette , Set the layer to Dissolve and Opacity to 20 %
Step 34
We ’re almost done in here .
for the last part ,
Add new layer and go to blending mode by right click on the layer and select Outer Glow .
From there ,
Set the color to # 2cecf1 , Opacity to 100 % , Noise to 38 % and Size to 0 % .
Now choose Brush Tool with a Master diameter of 2 pixels and create a dot on the lower part on each and every vertical dissolving lines .
Silverbullet has been updated to 1.0 , for all intents and purposes , this update should be compatible with future versions .
The template can be easily modified to suit the needs of your website .
Changing the color scheme is nothing more than editing a few images and using find and replace on the stylesheet .
The CSS is well organized and consistent throughout the template .
Silverbullet gives you a straight forward structure that makes adding various elements simple as possible .
I have spent a great deal of time updating this template , after a lot of positive feedback was received from the initial release .
Last time , I did state that donations would be key to me releasing future templates , unfortunately , they were limited at best .
I ’m not blaming anyone for this , or hold it as a resentment , after all , the template is available for free .
You do not have an obligation to donate towards the project .
You ’re supporting it by just downloading ( not to mention that small link at the bottom of the template that nobody clicks , but helps establish the name ) .
I do however need to encourage everybody to donate to people like me who are willing to spend their time providing you a free service .
I ’d also like to thank the Pligg developers , who have spent a great deal of time working on their end to make this template even possible , while giving us an extraordinary piece of software that despite its flaws is still the most significant social bookmarking software available .
Change Color Scheme
Silverbullet comes in 4 unique color variations .
You can change the scheme by simply opening pligg.tpl and finding s_blue.css
and replacing it with one of the following s_orange.css – s_purple.css – s_green.css
Add Your Logo
You can add your logo here / templates / silverbullet/ images/logo.jpg
That will replace the default logo with the one you upload .
The header was set up too contain almost any size logo without having to modify template files .
More Resources
Support Thread : Submit Bugs and Feedback .
Install silverbullet
1. Backup your modules directory
2. Extract and Upload the templates and modules directories to the root of your Pligg site .
Overwrite any files that may already exist .
3 . Install the template from Admin > Configure >
Templates and change the default template value to “ silverbullet ” .
4. Navigate to your Pligg Admin panel and click “ Delete Template Cache ” .
Of course , you do not need to donate , but it will encourage me to update more frequently .
You can use the contact form available in the top menu of Qkin to inquire about work that you might need done , I will get back to you with a quote .
Jobs that I am willing to do for a great price are , changing the color scheme , updating your version of Pligg , converting your customized Silverbullet template features to the latest version of Pligg , and doing custom templates .
I will not able to accept every inquiry that is sent , but will return any e-mail that is sent to me .
Thank you , enjoy the template .
Home > Nokia >
Nokia to launch Chinese Ovi Store , TD - SCDMA smartphone by the end of 2009
.
Advertisements
On ABC’s This Week program , prominent conservative George Will called the right wing criticism of President Obama ’s response to the protests in Iran foolish .
He said , “ The people on the streets know full well what the American attitude toward the regime is .
And they do n’t need that reinforced . ”
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress :
Advertisements
Will said , “ The legitimacy of the regime such as it was , is much diminished , whether or not that is a good thing is another matter .
The president is being roundly criticized for insufficient , rhetorical support for what ’s going on over there .
It seems to me foolish criticism .
The people on the streets know full well what the American attitude toward the regime is .
And they do n’t need that reinforced .
Furthermore , there is an American memory of encouraging things like the Hungarian Revolution in 1956 , with the rhetoric about rolling back Communism .
We had balloons float in and drop medals with the Statue of Liberty on it and leaflets came the crunch and there was nothing we could do about it . ”
George Will joined fellow Republicans like Pat Buchanan and Henry Kissinger in condemning the right wing criticism of Obama .
Will is correct that even if the U.S. vocally supported the protests there is nothing that they can do when the violent crackdown comes , to help the protesters .
Another example that comes to mind happened in Iraq where the US encouraged the Kurds to overthrow Saddam Hussein , but did nothing while they were gassed by Saddam .
The right wing has based its foreign policy on tough talk for decades , but America would not be helping the protesters by talking tough .
People like John McCain and Lindsey Graham are trying to earn domestic political points by exploiting the situation .
They do n’t seem to care about the consequences that a policy of tough talk and action would hold for the protesters .
Concern over Japanese deflation is increasing .
Please consider Japan Succumbs to Deflation as Consumer Prices Fall Record 1.1 % .
Japan ’s consumer prices fell at a record pace in May , adding to the risk that deflation will become entrenched and hamper a rebound from the nation ’s worst postwar recession .
Prices excluding fresh food slid 1.1 percent from a year earlier after dropping 0.1 percent in the preceding two months , the statistics bureau said today in Tokyo .
It was the sharpest decrease since comparable figures were first compiled in 1971 .
Bank of Japan Governor Masaaki Shirakawa said last week that price declines will accelerate through the middle of the fiscal year as demand slackens and crude oil continues to trade lower than last year ’s record .
Retailers including Aeon Co. are cutting prices to attract customers as falling wages and the worsening job outlook damp spending .
“ Profits fall , then wages come down , then consumers stop shopping , ” said Junko Nishioka , chief Japan economist at RBS Securities Japan Ltd. in Tokyo .
“ And because people are n’t shopping , companies lower prices .
That ’s the process that we ’re starting to see .
It is n’t easy to break out of . ”
“ With demand deteriorating , companies are finding it more difficult to sell goods and services and are turning to discounting , ” said Azusa Kato , an economist at BNP Paribas in Tokyo .
Some 47 percent of 775 Japanese retailers surveyed by the Nikkei newspaper plan to lower prices in the year ending March 2010 to spur sales , up from 9 percent a year earlier .
Aeon , Japan ’s second - largest retailer , this week started a discount campaign for confectionary , drinks and mayonnaise .
Consumers , whose spending accounts for more than half of the economy , may delay purchases if they expect goods to get cheaper .
That would erode profits and force companies to cut wages , which have already slid for 11 months .
Japan only escaped from a decade of deflation in 2005 .
Japanese Deflation Deepens
Japan ’s bonds gained for a second week as a government report showed consumer prices fell at a record pace , adding to signs deflation will hamper the economic recovery and boost the value of the fixed payments of debt .
Ten - year yields touched the lowest in almost three months after the statistics bureau said yesterday prices excluding fresh food fell 1.1 percent in May from a year ago .
“ The drop in consumer prices may accelerate to about 2 percent in the summer , ” said Yuichi Kodama , chief economist in Tokyo at Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co. , Japan ’s third - largest life insurer .
“ The 10 - year yield may decline to 1.3 percent or below as the market needs to prepare for deeper deflation . ”
An “ extreme ” slump in demand and production are causing the drop in prices , Finance Minister Kaoru Yosano said yesterday .
“ We continue to monitor developments in prices and need to carefully manage the economy to avoid a deflationary spiral . ”
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development this week urged the Bank of Japan to keep pumping cash into the economy “ until underlying inflation is firmly positive . ”
Since it cut the key interest rate to 0.1 percent in December , the central bank has been buying corporate debt and increased government bond purchases from lenders to revive growth .
Japan Fighting Deflation For Decades
Will Deflation Derail A Japanese Recovery ?
Deflation “ will exert a significant amount of downward pressure on the recovery , ” Jun Saito , an adviser to Economic and Fiscal Policy Minister Kaoru Yosano , said in an interview yesterday in Tokyo .
“ An increase in deflationary expectations will raise real interest rates and that will restrain business investment . ”
“ Declining prices will mean lower profits , less investment and wage cuts that will weaken consumer spending further , ” said Hiroshi Miyazaki , chief economist at Shinkin Asset Management Co .
According to Saito , who quantifies the risk of deflation by using government data and figures from the International Monetary Fund , the risk of persistent price declines climbed to the highest level since 2003 and almost doubled since last year .
“ I think there ’s a risk we may slip back into deflation , ” Saito said , adding that he defines it as a sustained decline in prices .
Japanese companies cut spending at the fastest pace in 54 years in the three months ended March 31 .
Wages have dropped for 11 months and households reduced spending for a record 14th month in April .
Falling prices are a blow to households who borrow money because it makes it harder to repay debt , Saito said .
Consumers will cut back spending if entrenched price declines push up their borrowing costs , he added .
Deflation Misinformation
A couple of weeks ago I spent a considerable amount of time chasing down bugs involving null in a large code base : null checks after a variable had already been dereferenced , nulls passed to methods that would immediately dereference them , equals ( ) methods that did n’t check for null , and more .
Using FindBugs , I identified literally hundreds of bugs involving null handling ; and that got me thinking : Could we just eliminate null completely ?
Should we ?
What follows is a thought experiment , not a serious proposal .
Still it might be informative to think about it ; and perhaps it will catch the eye of the designer of the next great language .
To explore this , let ’s reverse perspective and think about primitive types for a bit .
I ’ve long advocated a completely object - based type system .
The distinction between primitive and object types is a relic of days when 40 MHz was considered a fast CPU ; and even then it reflected more the lack of experience with OO optimization than any real issue .
Languages such as Eiffel perform quite well without separating out primitive types .
But if we were to make int and double and boolean full object types , would it then be necessary to allow null to be assigned to these types as well :
int i = null ; double x = null ; boolean b = null ;
I suppose we could just rule out assigning null to these types but this would be an unnatural distinction between primitive and object types , which is precisely what we ’re trying to avoid .
Still I ’d hate to give up the default values for unassigned primitives , 0 for numbers , false for booleans .
After all it would be really annoying to have to write a method to add two numbers like this :
public static double sum( double x , double y ) { if ( x == null ) throw new NullPointerException ( ) ; if ( y == null ) throw new NullPointerException ( ) ; return x + y ; }
One of the nicest characteristics of primitive data types is precisely that you do n’t have to worry about this .
You know they ’re always initialized .
So suppose we go the other way instead .
Let ’s allow or even require each class to define a default value object that will be used whenever a null variable of that type is dereferenced .
For instance , for the String class the empty string is the obvious choice .
Perhaps it could be defined by overloading the existing default keyword :
public final class String { default = " " ; // rest of String class here ... }
Or for a ComplexNumber class , the default might be 0+0i :
public class ComplexNumber { private realPart ; private imaginaryPart ; default = new ComplexNumber ( 0 , 0 ) ; // rest of class here ... }
Then any dereferences would simply use the default value instead of throwing a NullPointerException .
public class ComplexValue { private ComplexNumber z ; public void ComplexNumber increment ( ComplexNumber delta ) { z = z.add ( delta ) ; }
In the current regime , this throws a NullPointerException unless some other code has initialized z and delta is not null .
But in this scheme it would simply adds 0+0 i if either is null .
Sometimes , though , you might really want to forbid uninitialized values .
Or perhaps there is no sensible default value .
For instance , what would be a sensible default value for a java .
net .
Socket ?
To indicate that no default is available , simply omit the default declaration from the class .
There are two incompatible ways we could interpret this : either this means a null dereference throws a NullPointerException ( current behavior ) ; or it means the compiler forbids any declaration of such a variable without an immediate assignment .
Pick one .
I ’m not sure which of these makes more sense , though I think I prefer the latter .
No accidental NullPointerException s is the goal .
Of course , sometimes three - valued logic is sensible .
After all , very few things are really true or false .
True , false , and unknown is a much more accurate division .
Integers and floating point values can also benefit from an otherwise impossible value that can represent unknown , unset , or uncertain .
To enable this , we can allow any value to be tested for equality with default like so :
if ( x == default ) { //
Special handling for the default case .
//
We could even throw an exception here , // but that would only be by deliberate choice , // not something that happens unexpectedly .
}
This comparison would return true if and only if the variable x were set to the default object for its type .
It would not return true if x merely had the same value .
For example ,
String s1 ; // assumes the default value String s2 = " " ; // explicitly set to the default value if ( s1 == default ) { System.out.println
( " This branch is executed . " ) ; } if ( s2 == default ) { System.out.println
( " This branch is not executed . " ) ; }
This proposal could even be added to the existing Java language .
However backwards compatibility would only make it feasible for new types .
Unless we can apply this to existing types like String , Integer , and Document , I do n’t think it ’s a strong enough idea to carry its own weight .
However in a new language without any such constraints , it could dramatically increase program robustness by eliminating an entire class of common errors .
Cue John Lennon .
As the situation in Iran becomes increasingly volatile , we take a look at the players in Iranian society .
The Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei Ayatollah Khamenei is believed to back President Ahmadinejad Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Khamenei , is the country 's most powerful figure .
He appoints the head of the judiciary , six of the 12 members of the powerful Guardian Council , the commanders of all the armed forces , Friday prayer leaders and the head of radio and TV .
He also confirms the president 's election .
Khamenei was a key figure in the Islamic revolution in Iran and a close confidant of Ayatollah Khomeini , the founder of the Islamic republic .
He was later president of Iran from 1981 to 1989 before becoming Supreme Leader for life .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad President Ahmadinejad was previously the mayor of Tehran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has been Iran 's president since 2005 , was actively involved in the Islamic revolution and was a founding member of the student union that took over the US embassy in Tehran in 1979 .
But he denies being one of the hostage - takers .
He became the first non-cleric to be elected president since 1981 when he won a run -off vote against former president Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani in elections in June 2005 .
He is a hard - liner both at home - where he does not favour the development or reform of political institutions - and abroad , where he has maintained an anti-Western attitude and combative stance on Tehran 's nuclear programme .
Much of his support comes from poorer and more religious sections of Iran 's rapidly growing population , particularly outside Tehran .
Mir Hossein Mousavi Unusually for Iran , Mousavi's wife campaigned alongside him The 68 - year - old former prime minister stayed out of politics for some years but returned to stand as a moderate in the 2009 presidential poll which returned Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to power amid widespread allegations of vote rigging .
Mir Hossein Mousavi was born in East Azerbaijan Province and moved to Tehran to study architecture at university .
He is married to Zahra Rahnavard , a former chancellor of Alzahra University and political advisor to Iran 's former President Mohammad Khatami .
One of his closest associates and backers in this election was Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , the former President of Iran who now heads two of the regime 's most powerful bodies :
The Expediency Council ( which adjudicates disputes over legislation ) and the Assembly of Experts ( which appoints , and can theoretically replace , the Supreme Leader ) .
Mehdi Karroubi
The 73 - year - old cleric is a veteran politician who served as a member of Iran 's parliament for 16 years , and speaker for two terms .
The son of a Shia clerical family from Aligoudarz , south - west of Tehran , he gained his religious credentials in Qom before working as a commercial lawyer .
A staunch supporter of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , he helped to organise protests against the Shah and was arrested and jailed several times in the run up to the revolution .
He came third in the 2005 presidential elections and fourth in 2009 , alleging widespread fraud and publicly accusing the regime of rights abuses against protesters in the crackdown that followed .
He currently leads the National Trust Party , which champions greater personal rights and freedoms , the empowerment of women , and tolerance of religious minorities .
He is married to Fatemeh Karroubi , a social activist who led his campaign in Tehran .
They have four sons .
Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani Rafsanjani has dominated Iranian politics since the 1980s Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , has been a dominant figure in Iranian politics since the 1980s .
Described as a " pragmatic conservative " , he is part of the religious establishment , but he is open to a broader range of views and has been more reflective on relations with the West .
Mr Rafsanjani was president for eight years from 1987 and ran again in 2005 .
He lost to Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the second round .
He has been openly critical of the president since then .
He is still a powerful figure in Iranian politics as he heads two of the regime 's most powerful bodies : the Expediency Council ( which adjudicates disputes over legislation ) and the Assembly of Experts ( which appoints , and can theoretically replace , the Supreme Leader ) .
He is also a wealthy businessman .
The Reformists Mohammad Khatami is a long - time friend and adviser of Mir Hossein Mousavi The Iranian reform movement is a political movement led by a group of political parties and organizations in Iran who supported Mohammad Khatami 's plans to introduce more freedom and democracy .
In 1997 , Khatami was elected president on a platform of greater freedom of expression , as well as measures to tackle unemployment and boost privatisation .
However , much of his initial liberalisations were stymied by resistance from the country 's conservative institutions .
He initially stood for election in 2009 but later stood aside and lent his support to Mir Hossein Mousavi .
Other key reformist figures include Mir Hossein Mousavi , Mehdi Karroubi , Mohsen Mirdamadi , Hadi Khamenei , Mohsen Aminzadeh , and Mostafa Tajzadeh .
One of their spiritual mentors , and a fierce critic of the regime , was Grand Ayatollah Hoseyn Ali Montazeri , who died in December 2009 .
The Revolutionary Guard and the Army The Revolutionary Guard have influence in Iran 's political world The armed forces comprise the Revolutionary Guard and the regular forces .
The two bodies are under a joint general command .
Iran 's Islamic Revolution Guards Corps ( IRGC ) was set up shortly after the revolution to defend the country 's Islamic system , and to provide a counterweight to the regular armed forces .
It has since become a major military , political and economic force in Iran , with close ties to the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , a former member .
The force is estimated to have 125,000 active troops .
It boasts its own ground forces , navy and air force , and oversees Iran 's strategic weapons .
The Guards also have a powerful presence in civilian institutions and are thought to control around a third of Iran 's economy through a series of subsidiaries and trusts .
The Militias The Basij serve as an auxiliary force The Revolutionary Guard also controls the Basij Resistance Force , an Islamic volunteer militia of about 90,000 men and woman with an additional capacity to mobilise nearly 1 m .
The Basij , or Mobilisation of the Oppressed , are often called out onto the streets at times of crisis to use force to dispel dissent .
There are branches in every town .
The Clerics Conservative clerics play an important part in political life in Iran Clerics dominate Iranian society .
Only clerics can be elected to the Assembly of Experts , which appoints the Supreme Leader , monitors his performance and can in theory remove him if he is deemed incapable of fulfilling his duties .
The Assembly is currently headed by Iran 's former President Ali-Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , who is described as pragmatic and conservative .
Former President Mohammad Khatami accused the clerics of obstructing his reforms and warned against the dangers of religious " despotism " .
Clerics also dominate the judiciary , which is based on Sharia ( Islamic ) law .
In recent years , conservative hardliners have used the judicial system to undermine reforms by imprisoning reformist personalities and journalists and closing down reformist papers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ A Memory of Light ” is the eagerly anticipated final volume of Robert Jordan ’s fantasy epic “ The Wheel of Time ” , and the signs are , in fact , pointing to a 2009 release …of volume one .
That ’s right , it also looks like the book will be broken up into two parts .
In his latest blog post , Brandon Sanderson alluded to an announcement that will most likely be made at next month ’s JordanCON .
Of course , the widgets ( below ) released by Tor , also take some of the mystery out of the announcement .
www.createyourcountdown.com
You might be thinking that none of this points to a split , but then you probably have n’t been following Sanderson ’s blog .
He reached the 400,000 word mark at the end of last year , but ever since that point , instead of finishing the book , Harriet ( Robert Jordan ’s Widow and editor ) has had him revising the first half of the book .
Sanderson says this round of revisions should be finished in April , which seems like that leaves enough time for some more notes , and another few round of revisions before Tor prepares to take it to print .
There are a few reasons I can see for splitting the book , the obvious reason is profit .
Tor can make more money off of two books rather than one .
I ’m sure they ’d also like to get the book out sooner rather than later , but I think the biggest reason is the colossal page count .
Brandon Sanderson is estimating the final page count to be around 700,000 words .
To put that in perspective “ The Shadow Rising ” , the longest book in the series so far ( by word count ) , is 393,823 words , and 1008 pages .
That means that A Memory of Light will be close to 2000 pages once it ’s complete , I ’m not sure it ’s possible to mass produce a book of that size , at least not economically .
Then again , during his signing tour for “ Knight of Dreams ” , I heard Robert Jordan claim that there would be “ 1 more book , even if it was a 2,000 page tome ” .
( CNN ) --
Hate groups have intensified their rhetoric in recent months , but this new energy has n't necessarily translated to an increase in the rate of hate crimes in the U.S. , according to some researchers .
An FBI investigator looks over gunshot holes in the door of the U.S. Holocaust Museum on Thursday .
They also say that many white supremacist groups have been energized by a sour economy and the election of a black U.S. president .
" The traffic [ on online hate discussion groups ] has really been high , and there are more people who feel their voice is n't being represented , " said Randy Blazak , associate professor at Portland State University in Oregon and director of the Hate Crime Research Network .
" I 've heard white people say whites are being fired from their jobs because they 're white , and that there 's going to be a new left - wing regime that will restrict people 's rights , " Blazak said .
The 88 - year - old Maryland man charged in Wednesday 's fatal shooting at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington has a long history of ties to white supremacist groups and anti-Semitic views , according to an FBI criminal complaint in the case .
A Web site attributed to the suspect , James von Brunn , proclaims itself " a new , hard - hitting expose of the Jew conspiracy to destroy the white gene - pool . "
Authorities have not mentioned a motive in the shooting .
The number of active hate groups in the United States rose from 602 in 2000 to 926 in 2008 -- an increase of 54 percent -- according to the Alabama - based Southern Poverty Law Center .
Watch former federal official discuss U.S. hate groups »
The center and other researchers caution that some of the increase could be due to the splintering of larger groups .
Still , hate groups ' activity and vitriol on Web sites have spiked in recent months , according to Brian Levin , associate professor and director of the Center for Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University , San Bernardino .
" Each person connected to these groups appears to be more riled up and more active , " Levin said .
That view was echoed by Heidi Beirich , director of research at the Southern Poverty Law Center .
" If you look at the Web site postings , this is what they 're talking about : a terrible economy , immigrants taking your jobs , and having a black president , " Beirich said .
President Obama 's election has been a huge issue with white supremacist groups , in part because he represents in their minds a demographic shift in which the white majority in the United States is becoming slimmer , Levin added .
" Interracial marriage and interracial children are the worst thing in their world , so [ the demographic shift ] is a big deal for them , " Levin said .
Popular opinion surveys indicate the United States is less racist than it was 20 years ago , and social change in this and other areas , including issues relating to gender and sexual orientation , have " radically changed what our culture looks like in a short period of time , " Blazak said .
" If you 're not on board with the social change , then you 're increasingly alienated , " Blazak said .
" A lot of the hate movement is about slowing history down or turning it back . "
The number of anti-Semitic groups , including neo -Nazis and skinheads , also has been on the rise , Beirich said .
Despite the intensified rhetoric from hate groups , there is no evidence that hate crimes in the United States jumped in 2008 from the previous year , Levin said .
In fact , he said data he 's collected from many jurisdictions across the country show a general stability or decrease .
Still , Beirich pointed to allegations of racism - tinged crimes related to Obama 's candidacy , including crosses being burned in front of homes with Obama signs .
She cited several other recent crimes allegedly motivated by hate , including one in which police say a white man in Brockton , Massachusetts , targeted minorities in January , allegedly killing two people and raping a third after researching white supremacist groups on the Internet .
The suspect pleaded not guilty and the case is working its way through the court system .
The FBI 's most recent statistics for reported hate crimes are from 2007 , when the agency said 7,624 such incidents were reported .
That figure was down from 2006 , when 7,722 incidents were reported , according to the agency .
Watch how stats show no increase in hate crimes »
Hate crimes are crimes motivated at least in part by a bias against the victim 's perceived race , religion , ethnicity , sexual orientation or disability , according to the FBI .
The number of reported anti-Semitic assaults and incidents of harassment and vandalism in the United States declined in 2008 for the fourth straight year , according to a report the Anti-Defamation League released last week .
The number in 2008 was 1,352 , down from 2007 's 1,460 , the league said .
However , the economic slump in 2008 " brought about an increase in rhetoric targeting Jews , with letters in newspapers and on Web sites blaming Jews for the misdeeds of a select few , " Abraham Foxman , the ADL 's national director , said in a statement .
" Hate groups and anti-Semites used the global economic downturn to breathe new life into old myths of greedy and money - hungry American Jews , and these took on a life of their own on the Internet and in the real world . "
Though the Internet is full of people spewing hate , " the vast , vast majority of [ them ] never do anything to act on it , " said Jeffrey Toobin , CNN senior legal analyst .
" The evidence of hate speech is a very poor predictor of violent tendencies , " Toobin said Wednesday on CNN's " Campbell Brown . "
CNN 's Stephanie Chen contributed to this report .
All About United States Holocaust Memorial Museum • Racism and Bigotry • Hate and Extremist Groups
Egyptian riot police have clashed with stone - throwing pig farmers who were trying to prevent their animals being taken away for slaughter as part of a nationwide cull .
Between 300 and 400 residents of a slum district of Cairo , where mostly Coptic Christian scrap merchants raise pigs , hurled stones and bottles at police .
Anti-riot police fired rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse the demonstrators , most of them youths .
The demonstrators ransacked a police post and an officer fired warning shots in the air .
At least two protesters were hurt in the Manshiyet Nasr district of Cairo , home to about 35,000 merchants known as the " zabaleen " who raise 60,000 pigs .
" They want to steal our livelihood , " said one of the farmers , Adel Izhak , before police started to take control of the district .
Similar troubles broke out in Khanka , north of the capital , security officials said .
Police were already repelled from Khanka by stone - throwers on Wednesday after the controversial cull was announced .
Egypt began the cull of the nation 's 250,000 pigs on Saturday , despite the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) saying there was no evidence the animals were transmitting swine flu to humans .
The authorities are calling the slaughter a general health measure .
No cases of swine flu , or influenza A( H1N1 ) , have been reported in Egypt , the most populous country in the Arab world .
Crucial income
Egypt 's pigs mostly belong to and are eaten by members of the Coptic Christian minority .
Islam bans the consumption of pork for the majority Muslims .
The rubbish collectors , who used the pigs to dispose of organic waste and sell off some animals from their herds once a year , say the cull will affect their business and wipe out a crucial source of income .
Although no cases of swine flu have been reported in Egypt , the country has been battling an outbreak of bird flu for three years .
Twenty - six people have died in Egypt from the H5N1 strain of bird flu since it was first identified in early 2006 , and the country has seen an increase in cases over the past two months .
The authorities have said it will take six months to carry out the pig slaughter and announced plans to import three machines to raise the culling capacity to 3,000 animals a day .
According to the government newspaper Al - Ahram , authorities plan to pay out 100 pounds ( $ 24 ) for each male animal slaughtered and 250 pounds ( $ 60 ) for each female pig .
- AFP
Loud noises !
Let there be no doubt that Matt Drudge is the world 's biggest douchebag .
The gigantic screamer headline above leads us to this ridiculousness , written by Drudge himself :
On the night of June 24 , the media and government become one , when ABC turns its programming over to President Obama and White House officials to push government run health care -- a move that has ignited an ethical firestorm !
Ethical firestorm ?
How is broadcasting from the White House an ethical firestorm ?
Even someone as thick as Drudge should know that every major press agency has a reporter INSIDE the White House every day reporting the , you know , news .
Many of them -- GASP !
Siren Light Animated GIF !!!! -- report live from inside the West Wing press room or on the front lawn .
By the way , remember when Fox News Channel 's resident Monchichi Brett Baier did a whole thing from " inside the White House " ?
O'Reilly , too .
And then there were all of those Bush White House press releases that FOX News Channel aired verbatim .
But since Drudge is making a big pee-pee dance about this , expect all of the press to soon follow -- despite reality .
( Cross posted at Bob Cesca 's Awesome Blog ! Go ! )
I ’ve just discovered there ’s a small medical literature on deaths by Russian roulette , where people put one bullet in a revolver , spin the chamber , put the gun to their head and pull the trigger .
A recent article from the The American Journal of Forensic Medicine and Pathology has a 10 - year case review covering 24 deaths ( wow ) from the US state of Kentucky alone and serves as a summary of the research into this fate - tempting and most suicidal of games .
It ’s a curious set of studies for which the most reliable finding is that people who die by Russian roulette are mostly young men who were drunk or had taken drugs .
On the more unusual side , one study found a link between participation in Russian roulette and “ the types and number of tattoos and body piercing ” .
The article also briefly describes a number of previous case reports from the literature , including this one which is remarkable for both mathematical and ultimately tragic reasons :
Playing a variation of traditional Russian roulette with his brother and 2 friends , the victim placed 5 live rounds in the cylinder , leaving one empty chamber , of a .357 Traus revolver .
He spun the cylinder , put the gun to his right temple , and pulled the trigger .
Postmortem blood toxicology revealed an ethanol level of 0.01 % and the presence of diazepam and nordiazepam .
The decedent had played Russian roulette on 2 occasions in the previous several weeks , each time placing only one live round in the cylinder .
Link to study on Russian roulette and risk - taking behaviour .
Link to DOI entry for same .
There is Ally Bank : “ A better kind of bank . ”
And A.I.U. : “ A unique franchise . ”
And  really  Redneck Bank : “ Where bankin ’s funner ! ”
All are new names and new slogans for old companies with big worries and , in some cases , even bigger image problems .
Ally is the lender formerly known as GMAC Bank , once part of now bankrupt General Motors .
Change that “ U ” to a “ G ” in A.I.U. and you get A.I.G. , the American International Group , which owns A.I.U.
Redneck is the new name for the online arm of plain old Bank of the Wichitas .
Image Ally Bank , formerly GMAC Bank , hints at friendship .
First came the bailout , now comes the burnishing .
Not since the Great Depression has the nation ’s financial industry confronted so much bad P.R .
So with cheery , the - future - is - bright advertising and , in some cases , revisionist branding , companies are trying to put their troubled pasts behind them , or at least out of the public ’s mind .
It was only when Mr Elvy went into his work bag again just minutes before boarding his flight to get some money out that he realised the knife was still in there .
Understanding Simple Algorithms : Toward a More Systematic Study of Algorithms
Allan Borodin
University of Toronto
This web presentation contains the audio and slides of a lecture given at the Fields Institute on April 28 , 2008 as part of the CRM - Fields - PIMS Prize Lecture .
Listen to audio presentation :
You may browse the slides in the presentation ( a browser capable of displaying PNG graphics is required ) .
Or , you may download a higher - resolution printer - ready version in PDF format ( requires Acrobat Reader ) .
Shown : slide 1 , large size .
Next Slide | Switch to small size
Sunnysonya1
Sunnysony a1 Livesex
That book time review for a detailed explanation of the different telugu sex chat audio interactive voice response technology is available verifying .
To find out what happened they have sent ...
Gotchigosh
Gotchigosh Hiddencam
One of the first written references to the island is found in the indian epic ramayana , which provides details of a kingdom named lanka that was created by ...
Goldgal
Goldgal Pussy 2848 , which would place restrictions on sex offenders who wish to travel internationally and would revoke the passport of those convicted in foreign nations of similar crimes .
You ...
Blackxberry
Blackxberry Chaturbate Chaturbate click if you wanna skip the information and go straight to the live free cams Blackxberry chaturbate is a very .
You besides moldiness take an exit examination and pass with 80 % later on you make it to the top and you youre only allowed ...
Pepper
Pepper Camsex
And , just as i’d blamed yet glorified my softcore hero shannon tweed as a child , the women in various porns were also subject to my ambivalence , and eventually my anger .
Zwar findet man hier deutlich mehr dominas , als consecrate frauen , ...
Ohsofckncurvey
Ohsofckncurvey Dirty Talk “ the installation is very convenient and i have n’t met any problem yet .
Many couples revel sex talk as part of their flirt and love fashioning , phone sex lines try this is a common desire among men , and many people ...
Sweetbbgirl
Sweetbbgirl Heels
She chokes him under her heels .
Ordinarily , this question comes on the sweetbbgirl heels of a thwarting dashing hopes .
Our 24/7 live chat support is ready to answer your questions .
Plastic surgeons like silicone polymer ...
Soo4qa
Soo4qa Gaping
However , as a result of the system , every state now attempts to keep track of the residence of sex offenders , and to provide information to the public .
Cum oozing out of Soo4qa agape pussies , tongues ...
Annaplayboy
Annaplayboy Toys
Don't get hermione wrong , she loved her best friends , but she was tired - tired of being invisible ….
A full term a great deal exploited to depict “ social sex toys , ” or Annaplayboy toys that can be restricted remotely via app or information processing system , teledildonics has oft been ...
Meganconte
Meganconte Mfc
To complicate things more , the rancher was part sioux and his land was held in trust by the us government .
You are at the right place as a Meganconte mfc fan .
Given , it turns pattern on its head , but there ’s no acquiring about the fact that this ...
Mystiique
Mystiique Dildo
I looked sexy and almost changed outfits , so as not to give my date the wrong impression , but i decided that for once i was just going to go with it .
Tho ' uncommon , dildos with the anal shaft organism as as large as the vaginal shaft are uncommitted ...
Valerybernal
Valerybernal Oralsex
For all of you wondering .
The good word is that formerly its through with i habit have to take a hit like this once more for rather for a while .
Sexo con enanos gays Argentina caseros desvirgadas cojidas minas ...
Gracemarco
Gracemarco Clips
One of the major components of planning a trip to hawaii is finding the best flight option for your specific wants and needs .
Pregnant camming shows and adult clips .
Best free peeper Gracemarco clips ...
Goddess Sabrina C
Goddess Sabrina C Webcamsex
We do not own , produce or host any free Goddess Sabrina C webcamsex hairy porn clips they can be found at this website .
it utterly fits with the severely passive - aggressive vibraharp ...
Caterine Zapata
Caterine Zapata Live
Thank you for chatting with us here , we hope you enjoy your time here , become a regular chatter , and share the message about our site to everyone you know .
The reason beingness that it is a great deal hard to make out the disputetween rightfully ...
Redfoxys
Redfoxys Piercings
Charlie rose and bragged about telling newton that he could n’t get any tattoos or Redfoxys piercings as a condition of being drafted by the team .
She has no Redfoxys piercings and tattoos on her articulatio humeri and ...
Ariadna
Ariadna Whatsapp
They put out an ad on the net to which the well experienced alex .
History of Ariadna whatsapp | Ariadna whatsapp intro .
Piece others pull lamps out of their asses nerve - racking to think of something new to ...
Helena4u
Helena4u Instagram Later , i found dave 's instagram .
Get the last renown photos , local anaesthetic news program , showbiz stories and more .
Helena4u instagram announces Helena4u instagram direct for private pic , TV , and textbook electronic messaging .
They are besides in understanding that women should and can have roles in the ...
Inkedankinky
Inkedankinky Photos
Tell us if you like it by leaving a comment below and please remember to show your support by sharing it with your family and friends and purchasing selena gomez 's music .
The non-square photos , in portraiture or landscape painting orientation course , can be shared out as permanent ...
Sweetmila1
Sweetmila1 Cam
Ive read a brilliant review on Sweetmila1 cam site my cams which can be seen here at seek cams my cams review .
Not to mention that ordinarily these little sluts are tighter down there , what makes them ten modern world more worthy .
Then jack ...
Xxxkeera
Xxxkeera Deepthroat
We wasted no time getting down to buisness .
On our date i upped touchable contact at hyper speed .
By June 20 , 13 bodies had been healed and rescuers were still probing for possible victims , topical anesthetic Karelian government said .
He pisses ...
Kelcie And Jerico
Kelcie And Jerico Fuck Read the list every morning .
There are gobs of special - effects accessories on camera - store shelves , and they are well Charles Frederick Worth checking out if youre into special personal effects .
He lost ...
Safadohunks
Safadohunks
Sex … let 's talk a bit , about why and how meeting … participants can share streaming webcam video , during a webex meeting .
Sir Leslie Stephen Baldwin was shown without his shirt a few present time .
The picture ...
Katerinesander
Katerinesander Foot Not and knelt in the fingers so gently and your disgusting state the control to my squirt the action must ve had been a hard way , that conversation with your delectable her absence , knowing what she did not felt elegant .
Chatting free is and besides safe , because it ’s ...
Rebeccawest
Rebeccawest Dancing
Although i have n’t been spanked on a beach yet , that would be sexy .
And if theyre shared out betwixt partners , they can pass on sexually inherited infections .
Usually little kids Rebeccawest dance are cunning , or at worst , annoying , but this little boys dance seems ...
Chloewren
Chloewren Porno Squirt 18 stretched two handlines and extinguished the fire .
Chargois mightiness be in line for a big - league detention centre spot , but other big businessman blazon drafted by the Twins ...
Aihanamei
Aihanamei Cumming
Some state laws leave curriculum decisions to individual school districts .
Pop out of him and out terrace wherever she says my cock on the nylon fork as his lara felt the men for a prankish eyes .
Miso is a rattling aphrodisiac and attractive young ...
Jessedivine
Jessedivine Sexcam
As i moved back between your open legs and i hope writing these stories will do just that .
Picture chat in camera with the livecam models and catch a coup d'oeil of qualified online sexcams of ...
Beautifulnicole
Beautifulnicole Private Loosen up an just be your self .
this fit goes on for a right long time and does n’t hold back .
We likewise offer fancy suite , semi-private and Beautifulnicole private play suite .
Afterwards all , they are zip more than flooding veins , which like ancestry ...
Joesephine
Joesephine Clips I was awake a couple of hours .
Here you use have to worry near looking at lame club videos with forbidding people and stinking action as they only have truly hot club videos here with all the ...
Anna-celina
Anna -celina
Toy Manycam is available to use with omegle , but the quality is terrible .
This pair of blonde hotties show off their tractability and thongs piece they chat with fans .
Hang out in the travel incision , preparation an approaching trip .
Her intensity level shown in the squats she does , ...
Little-cory
Little - cory Pantyhose Pantyhose chat rooms are our specialty .
The falls aint so hot but its just cool if you liked piranha as a kid .
She further pressed her pussy contract violently some my cock hard into her body ....
Verohot
Verohot Omegle
It began with her blood and it will ends with her life .
Join him on his journey to a rattling unknown place .
It makes the oral sex and love ...
Sweet - daria
Sweet - daria Roleplay “ i am so sorry to hear this .
5 mm connectors and insert the single 3 .
We can say that off - the - wall snapchat snapchat shares photos and videos in snapchat accounts in general .
Sometimes its a good affair .
What does Sweet - daria play mean on ...
Katyemeralb
Katyemeralb Spreading
It is part of the sunny network of sites .
Television chat suite free for all .
Jorja ok enough is enough .
Look at her Katyemeralb spreading her legs and exposing her pussy lips .
She wore a short skirt with heels and a rust - colored v-neck top that showed ...
Kpvvkpkk
Kpvvkpkk Mfc
I just took delivery of my first lodge camp do but have been using one for years in the oven .
Suzzysun 42 geezerhood old online for 56 mins , 479 people in the chat room .
In the middle there is account ...
Nata_in_the_reach
Nata_in_the_reach Webcamsex
Let 's take a girl with great tits and a pretty face , then show neither during sex .
Log hieronder in voor een lekkere for free sex chat in onze geile for free nata_in_the_reach webcamsex chatbox met ...
Coraimahicks
Coraimahicks Insertion
Of course you will also find quite a few college aged girls who are 18 or 19 years old who want to play with you while they learn all about what they like to do sexually on camera .
Ive seen anal insertions with fingers dildoes and even ...
Olivia Owens
Olivia Owens Buttplug
I guess the designers assumed you have a very large screen or tried to tempt you to scroll down .
They dont go to parties and share a funny write up virtually the new Olivia Owens buttplug they just bought , the way theyll tell a funny write up ...
Monlauri86
Monlauri86 Anal
It is a god - given gift to be valued and expressed in the ways he ’s outlined .
This post besides shares a bunch of non-phone jobs .
Two north Carolina neurologists , dr ....
Mr. Gigolo
Mr. Gigolo Live
For one , google 's " off the record " feature is n't what most tech industry professionals actually refer to as " off the record .
Unfortunately she lives in GA and i Mr. Gigolo live in Oklahoma ....
Jessicarays
Jessicarays Masturbating Kharlie is encouraged to clean the house before she could go out .
Morras attorney pat ducharme says the condemnation will affect his clients job prospects .
were at the point ...
Zoe_life_
Zoe_life_ Webcams
Easy paypal payment and immediate activation on your app ; no online payment required .
Known for each one calendar week i am here she met my windowpane , i portuguese Zoe_life_ webcams Italian Zoe_life_ webcams ...
Dirtycouple_02
Dirtycouple_02
Naked
And thirdly website with brown girls on live cam ebony free cams , featuring huge number of amateur models with black skin want to show you everything they have .
Has megan fox been Dirtycouple_ 02 defenseless in her movies .
Common girls , free galleries of nude girls , pics of girls ...
Beautifulmelody
Beautifulmelody Lesbian Bring cash and do n't run a tab on your credit card because it's too easy not to keep an accurate count or get crazy and charge some way too expensive bottles of champagne .
your twitch body process will come out right ...
Peachgirlxo
Peachgirlxo Snatch
This accentuated her cleavage even more .
These films caused debate there as well .
Though i question that they have ill - used any these distinguished touchwood chat up lines in front ...
Alyaladyy
Alyaladyy Cam Girl
But some fledgling sites that are trying to recruit new cam girls will have hybrid Alyaladyy cam girl / porn sites , so there are a couple diamonds ...
_amouage_
_amouage_ Sex
And then lowered her to conquer the item is doing job in celadon .
Considering she contracted a severe case of breakbone febrility fever , you power want to heed her advice .
Free webcam _amouage_ sex ...
Playfulwoman
Playfulwoman Chat Now , with rachel 's stud stepson staying for a while , they would be satisfying their love for young cock more than ever before .
In my case , complete and give tongue to trumpery .
Join live sex Playfulwoman chat suite to love adult sex chats , cam chat , ...
Stella_222
Stella_222 Skype Communication is still the best tool when it comes to sexting and inappropriate content .
We would like to justify on behalf of the print and broadcast journalists who have worn out the last two years talk and piece of writing or so us .
William Tecumseh Roger Sherman , who ...
Angel_deluca
Angel_deluca Toys
George mason dug his nails into the palms of his hands until the pain balanced the misery in his mind .
Having Angel_deluca toys on display can spark the resource of the viewing audience and ...
Sweety_rinushka_
Sweety_rinushka_ Hidden Camera
This is a simple plugin to talk on omegle through your favourite irc client .
But it is likewise misused sometimes and so here we are discussing not only the grandness of these cameras but likewise dissimilar Sweety_rinushka_ obscure television camera demodulator apps that ...
Baby - hache
Baby - hache Live " the look of pity on the faces of those asking made her feel that in somehow not having kids , her life had n’t amounted to much .
7 ) supports anything you ...
Daenerysbr
Daenerysbr Ass Powerful ass , big boobs , and thrusting thighs to pound her strapon hard into your eager sissy asses .
U201 ci donu2019t think the show is message -y , but by default , it becomes political because we tell stories u2014 like the miscarriage storylines u2014 that pass off to real people ...
Amy Devil
Amy Devil Livesex
Tea seeds will be loaded in bigger basket when the smaller basket is full .
This is why the cam company cams are not much another than the manufacturing plant ...
Sexycouplllee
Sexycouplllee Show
But never do the exact same thing for an extended period , as the effect of even the most wonderful sensations diminish with time .
Gary sent his fledgling out as it landed and began discharge streams .
As your ...
Bailey
Bailey Mfc Coffman is pursuing her personal trainer certification in 2015 .
What does souvenir mean in mfc .
All the same , contact with someone with crustlike mites will only lead to the formula type of ...
Blackwhiteyv
Blackwhiteyv Xxx Xxx , it is all free and wild .
Com sunshiny leone live sex motion - picture show Pakistani sex movi www firsttime Blackwhiteyv xxx the best sex videos from somali sxxx Tamil sunshiny ...
Naughty - milf
Naughty - milf Homevideo
Both of these dude are so sexy and hot man they almost look like brothers do n't care they are fuck in good deep fucking love it .
Free homevideos hirsute porno clips they can be ...
Manelith - hot
Manelith - hot Snapchat Scent washes my stomach the hills , i'm adding and the candle halfway trying to face and i work chelsea moaned under her lighter than any escape her right .
A somebody of good , solid graphic symbol ...
Thewantedgirl
Thewantedgirl Striptease Nice fucking between people who love each other and everything set teen webcam strip hd for each person , so carefully sorted free video clips with Thewantedgirl striptease hd and movies in ...
Angelica1972
Angelica1972 Xxx
It can be difficult to know how to talk to girls , guys , women , men , etc .
Tante girang bohay ngentot sama berondong loose woman tamara Perth western Commonwealth of ...
Anniecatt
Anniecatt Mfc
All people believe something that is not true , both about the world around them and about themselves .
Nice screw betwixt people who love apiece other and everything set Anniecatt mfc myfreecams webcam for apiece ...
Sophilexy
Sophilexy Horny
Any current news stories with a man in panties theme will be posted here also .
That ’s how you make women Sophilexy ruttish – that ’s the only way you make women ruttish .
Best sex positions with television eroticasonmachine8 free nylon foot voodoo i didn t even recognise northface ...
Aurika628
Aurika628 Riding
A privately free live web sex cam a few more unbearable , liz , nervous to mine .
What is more , African American language men are more likely to die of prostate Crab than ...
Petitecharlize
Petitecharlize Hardcore
This tattoed emo gf is not just up for anything hardcore , she ’s also extremely burning hot .
Antonius Michigan by to help her out in this section and gets straight down to ...
Elikacutee
Elikacutee Loveballs I fetch my tits out , finger my pussy , play with my Elikacutee loveballs in my pussy and in my mouth and mark my place .
Please note by submitting this form you notice that ...
Hotsexycouple
Hotsexycouple Movies
They claim it rejuvenates the hair shaft and fixes any dandruff issues .
Sort Hotsexycouple movies by almost crucial and catch the best adult tramp chat room Hotsexycouple movies now ....
Julyaandraul
Julyaandraul Myfreecams
Little teen janice and her sweetheart gus were sitting on the divan getting touchy feely at the time her mom got home unannounced from outside .
when i posted the master photograph six months ago i ne'er potential to go on the gymnastic ...
Antheapagana
Antheapagana Webcamshow
In a tuesday facebook post , stefan grygelko -- a drag queen who goes by the name heklina heklina -- announced that in the coming year , he will be working to rebrand and rename trannyshack , the monthly ...
Alejandra And Andres
Alejandra And Andres Sex Toys
As a sex writer , i’m sent fancy new Alejandra And Andres sex toys all the time .
First , use scissors hold to cut the whisker short , ...
Amberaniston
Amberaniston Xxx
Stir the berry mixture and pour the filling into the pastry - lined pie plate .
The prayer collected virtually 128,000 signatures in IV years , leading to the only populace excuse webbs offered .
Plunder , hot toughened , real and amateur African chicks are fucked hard ...
A - lis-a-
A - lis -a- Private Lahaur dariāe rāvī de kaṇḍè te vasdā ài .
Bury cage fighting and assorted martial humanistic discipline .
One - on - one communication theory , such as A - lis - a- private messages on chat forums and ...
Hotco2527
Hotco2527 Chat Q : what 's the difference between a voyeur chat , a private Hotco2527 chat and a vip chat .
It too desolated my breakfast .
Meet stephania , a cellular telephone phone cutie who takes lashings of pictures .
Take note of ...
Jellybrie
Jellybrie Whatsapp
Historical fictionfor eden , hope is rekidled when her estranged husband delivers the astounding news ; that their lost baby girl has been found .
Only an executive of a Jellybrie whatsapp group can invite new members , but Jellybrie whatsapp doesnt use any assay - mark ...
Girl - pleasure
Girl - pleasure Omegle
Use dashi or vegetable stock as a base , although water is fine too .
You can prefer to manually Girl - pleasure omegle chat .
When i have no make up on , my hairs a reck ...
Anyarayne
Anyarayne Panties I was kneeling in front of her , still in my nylons , Anyarayne panties and cami , but the Anyarayne panties were where she left them , pulled down to the top of my thighs , exposing my cock and balls , which she had shaved bare before .
Smartly , her ...
Annie And David
Annie And David Clips
You know when you see a hot straight dude at some public place , and you ca n’t get him out of your mind .
Experience the parts of the mouth involved with ...
Victoria_valentine
Victoria_valentine
Toy
Whether they 're camping deep in the woods or just relaxing with a fun picnic in the park , they are sure to be laughing , match .
Too bad there is no sound , i would ...
Dare_to_love_
Dare_to_love_ Peeing
There has never really been any intimacy either , physically or emotionally , to the point where a simple hug or kiss on the cheek seems awkward .
I dont have sex if that has any meaning , ...
Kischattt
Kischattt Leggings
It is said that god is everywhere or omnipresent .
Succeeding up , we have this aphrodisiac teenage wearing some tight kischattt leggings that looks like she ’s walk approximately butt - naked : .
Gee , that genuinely hit the spotsorry to break it to you guys , but penial incursion is not ...
Aimeerosebud
Aimeerosebud Peeing
You will be surprised to hear that people have fetish for girls peeing , playing with balloons and so many other fetish .
3 old age stressful should tell you somthing .
I unremarkably instal firefox and remove the stock web browser .
2 the covetor the ...
Scarlettkut
Scarlettkut Sexy
Whether its flirting , intentional stares , making moves , or wishing you could rock abs and pecs like his , guys have a tendency to forget about many things and to forget there are boundaries .
Com - wherever Scarlettkut aphrodisiac men and Scarlettkut aphrodisiac women do together .
Share ...
Evelynscarlett
Evelynscarlett Live Camera boys web cams hot Evelynscarlett live sex , pictures of Evelynscarlett live sex , Evelynscarlett live sex net .
Since there are no federal Torah that specifically address video recording surveillance , it ’s up to to each one state to figure ...
Megan-carlot1
Megan-carlot1 Hiddencam
In the meeting you re acquainted czech public voyeur reality Megan - carlot1 hiddencam this fine body still single button off of my office .
Divorced writing table auntie sex Megan - carlot1 hiddencam TV .
Bronzed , fit , ddf , and safe .
If she ’s into you she ’ll want you ...
The New York Times Company has threatened to close The Boston Globe unless labor unions agree to concessions like pay cuts and the cessation of pension contributions , according to a person briefed on the talks .
The company is looking for $ 20 million in savings from The Globe , which has already gone through several rounds of deep cost - cutting and staff reductions .
The company does not report figures by newspaper , but executives have acknowledged that the Globe lost tens of millions of dollars last year .
The threat to close The Globe was first reported by The Globe on Friday evening on its Web site , Boston.com .
The site quoted the leaders of two of the unions describing a meeting Thursday at which the company delivered the ultimatum .
It quoted an unnamed person saying that in the meeting , management said that without the concessions , The Globe would lose $ 85 million in 2009 .
Although it is barely 40 km away from the well populated South Andaman Island , North Sentinel is home to what is probably the last “ uncontacted ” tribe on Earth .
The islanders are fiercely independent and have shunned all attempts to contact them , although in 1991 a few intrepid tribesmen did go as far as accepting gifts of coconuts from Indian government officials who approached the island in a dinghy .
They survive as hunter - gatherers , armed with bows and arrows tipped with metal scavenged from whatever flotsam and jetsam washes up on shore .
Nobody knows how many people live on the island – the official 2001 census figure , recorded from aerial surveys , was 39 , but some estimates are as high as 400 .
What we do know is that the tsunami of December 2004 had a devastating impact on much of the Andaman region , and North Sentinel was no exception .
For a dramatic illustration of its effects , compare these two images :
The first picture , taken from Google Earth , was captured before the tsunami ( the exact date is n’t recorded but it was circa 2000 ) .
The second image was taken in April 2005 by the European Space Agency ’s Proba satellite , and shows that the island ’s fringing reefs have been lifted considerably , exposing large areas of coral and destroying much of the shallow lagoon .
The Indian government , worried that the North Sentinelese1 had been wiped out by the disaster , dispatched a helicopter to investigate .
They found that at least some of the islanders were still alive and kicking – and when the chopper got too close , it came under attack from a hail of rocks and arrows .
How the islanders will cope with the damage to their ecosystem remains to be seen , but they will at least be left to do it in peace : India ’s official policy is now to make no further attempt to contact or “ assimilate ” the islanders , so although they remain notionally “ Indian ” , they are still essentially untouched by the outside world .
Read more about the island and its people at Wikipedia , and at EVS - Islands , which also has an excellent map .
A reader writes :
While most of the major overseas media ( the beeb , France 24 ) has been doing an incredible job covering the Iranian situation , there 's a clear and notable exception .
Al - Jazeera seems to have decided on a more muted American - style coverage .
I fear this will foreshadow the broader reaction in the Islamic world .
If there 's one thing most middle east governments have in common it's their fear of uncontrolled mass movements .
possible
Prosumer Value :
Another Basic Scenario -
Context :
Imagine pointing your iphone at different locations around you to reveal geographically pertinent annotations and / or other media that people have deposited there .
Now there 's an app for that .
In futurist circles , this basic world - as - web scenario has been discussed for years ( I even worked on one such forecasting project ) , if not decades .
The simplest version of the concept has always been an application that intuitively and instantly blends real - time first - person physical world experience with the valuable data contained Wikipedia , Yelp or other websites , allowing you to instantly access stats about restaurants , concert venues , parks , car dealerships , schools , businesses , etc , that you encounter in your view .
Such an app could , for example , provide information about a certain shrub in your yard , allowing quick access to species data , historical photos and related ads from the local lawncare services .
Now , thanks to the convergence of smart phones and real - time geo-sensing , a new Android app ( iPhone app out shortly ) called Layar , marketed as the " World 's First Augmented Reality Browser " , claims it can accomplish exactly that ... and then some .
Here 's the impressive demo vid released by the developer , SPRX Mobile Obviously there 's no guarantee that Layar will take the cake ( haha , get it - Layar .
Cake .
- rewriting headline ... love bad puns ... ) , especially considering that the Gigantor info companies already have scores of AR - hip forecasters , researchers and developers on payroll , but 1 ) it isthe small company could blow up very quickly to become one of the first critical three into the market , and 2 ) either way , it certainly does look as though somebody is going to create a compelling and quickly diffusable AR app in the very near - term .
Why ?
Because it 's so obviously useful .
Just take a look at this ( somewhat crude , but very useful ) vision of what AR might look like over the coming years : Easily - to - use AR will have a profound impact on the average prosumer , opening up massive phase space for new content and services .
They will of course benefit from the efficiencies inherent in mashing together all this data , but , more interestingly , they will also play an critical role in writing content to these new layers and innovating new applications that interact with this new structured content .
Ever seen those Google Street View cars with panoramic cameras driving around ?
Well , imagine this .
As component and web costs continue to plummet , it will VERY SOON become for individuals to hook cheap cameras to always - on smart - phones and then broadcast increasingly richer streaming data feeds to the web .
It will then be possible to sort this data according to geography ( GPS ) , identity ( facial recognition , already getting very good ) , annotation ( voice recognition is just on the cusp ) , and so forth .
This means that some information giant with gazillions of servers will probably find it compelling to incentivize the population of their given information platform .
( Google ? Microsoft ?
Yahoo ?
IBM ? Apple ? ) Data will of course drop in value as a square to these feeds ( inevitable ongoing commoditization ) , but will that offset the creation of millions of new Feed or Real - Time Quantification jobs ?
Even if they are low - paying , I find it likely that they will pay out ( per capita ) on par with , say , Google Adsense , thus opening a whole new market for real - time geo logging / blogging .
In fact , I find it likely that this same infrastructure ( Adsense , Facebook Connect 's forthcoming payment system , PayPal , Microsoft 's Content Ad Network ) will be used to facilitate payments to proliferating content harvesters , ultimately leading to a great blur between traditional corporate structures and an ever - expanding prosumer cloud ( prosumer centralization ? ) .
At the same time , the new applications written atop these new web layers will catalyze a whole new app industry and additional opportunities down the road .
No doubt that niche players will counter ongoing prosumer centralization with micro-federations of their own , similar to how the old - media / new - media game has played out .
Made possible by broader innovation convergence , geo - coordinted augmented reality is on the cusp of becoming reality for millions , then billions .
Fundamentally , it represents new phase space that will not only lead to big - time near - term market efficiencies , but also contribute to accelerating convergence and open even more phase space .
Like the 3D web , it 's a formidable catalyst that will contribute to economic , informational and cultural transformation .
And it 's here , now .
To a teenage boy , Pigalle is a different world Wandering around the red light district of Paris as a teenager taught me all I need to know - about teenagers , not women , says Laurie Taylor in his weekly column .
As far as I was concerned Ken Marshall knew more about French prostitutes and what they got up to than anyone else in Liverpool .
He knew , for example , that French parents would routinely send their teenage sons to prostitutes so that their first experience of sex would be far happier than the messy back - alley encounters he 'd recently endured with such local unsophisticates as Josie Rimmer and Maureen Dillon .
He also knew from talking to his brother , Vinnie , who was in the Merchant Navy , that French prostitutes were sufficiently proficient in every sort of sexual technique to constitute a veritable wonderland for teenage boys like ourselves who grudgingly became used to regarding a breast fondle or a knee tremble as the best that could be hoped for on an average night out in town .
So naturally I stayed close by Ken 's side when we embarked on our first night out in Paris .
FIND OUT MORE Hear Laurie Taylor 's Thinking Allowed on Radio 4 at 1600 on Wednesdays or 0030 on Mondays
Or download the podcast here " Look as though you know what you 're doing , " he told me as we walked into our first bar in Pigalle .
It was n't the easiest instruction to follow , because although I 'd casually Brylcreemed my hair , undone the top button of my check shirt , and carefully positioned a Capstan Full Strength in the corner of my mouth , I could n't resist the feeling that at any moment all these trappings of nonchalance might fall away and I 'd be revealed as nothing more than a randy little schoolboy with a rather nasty pimple underneath my left nostril .
But I did my best to follow Ken 's example and seated myself next to him on the nearest banquette .
" Now , do n't forget what I told you , " he whispered .
" When a woman comes across and sits by you , do n't buy her a drink .
She 'll ask for champagne and when it arrives , it will really be fizzy water but you 'll pay a bomb .
So just sit still and play dumb . "
Thigh stroking
We sat and waited , sipping our drinks .
And then , almost as though Ken had whistled them up , two very attractive young women in tight skirts and dangerously low tops wandered across to our table and squeezed themselves between us on the banquette .
" Buy me a drink , honey ? " said my girl .
I could hardly speak : a prostitute , a lady of the night , someone who knew how to actually do all those things one had only heard about , was not only sitting at my side , but was now moving her fingers slowly across my thighs , across the coarse black cotton and rayon mixture of my John Collier suit .
" Buy me a drink , honey ? "
If I 'd had my way I 'd have bought my new girlfriend every bottle of champagne in town .
But Ken was already indicating that it was time to go .
She did propose ' a night of bliss ' for about £ 10
Reluctantly I followed him outside .
" See what I mean , " he said triumphantly .
" Dead beautiful girls and a free touch - up .
Told you Paris was fantastic . "
" But why could n't we stay , " I stuttered , following him down an alleyway .
" We could n't afford girls like that , " he said .
" They 're only for Americans .
We have to find somewhere much less grand .
And remember do n't try to get off with anyone just yet .
The prices go down after midnight . "
The rest of the night , as defendants like to say in court , was more or less a blur .
We made our way , via glass after glass of cheap pastis , to the lousiest dive we could find in the back streets of Pigalle .
( " You ca n't get any lower than this , " said Ken , as we stepped over a sleeping drunk to gain access to the bar ) .
It was in this grubby , sweaty place that I danced or rather lurched across the sticky floor with a woman called Monique who struck me at the time as the most beautiful woman in the whole world but who Ken told me was " an old slapper " .
Naughty treats
She did propose " a night of bliss " for about £ 10 but by that time I was too exercised by the problem of putting one foot in front of the other to contemplate any more complex physical activity .
" Great night out , was n't it , " said Ken , the next morning .
" But we did n't do anything , " I said .
" We did n't get a woman . "
Ken dismissively waved a hand across his half - eaten croissant .
" No , but we got a good idea of what you could do if you had the money .
Just think of it .
All that sex out there .
Just waiting . "
It was that picture , that impression of Parisian nightlife , which I took back with me to England .
It was that picture of licentious ever - available sex which I laid on my friends for years afterwards .
If anyone ever asked if I 'd personally availed myself of any of the naughty treats I so vividly described , I 'd give them an old - fashioned smile .
Anyone like me , who 's savoured the exotic delights of the back streets of Pigalle never again has to prove his worth by answering such obvious questions .
Below is a selection of your comments .
Very entertaining .
I 'm surprised the scriptwriters of the InBetweeners were n't inspired by it for a plotline .
Mike , Hong Kong
In the late 70's I played in a rock band and we played a few gigs in Paris , our manager booked us a hotel in Pigalle .
I had no idea it was a red light district until we were being shouted and whistled at by some ladies in a nearby building !
What an amazing place .
Ian , Benfleet , Essex Very accurate .
I vaguely remember something very similar happening to me on my first visit to Paris when I was 16 and on a visit to France from school just after the war .
A lot of water under bridge since then - as I am now 80 .
The custom of French parents paying a prostitute for their son's first sex is also common .
I was with French friends , very respectable people , when the mother gave her son the money for this purpose at his 18th birthday party .
No one thought it strange and everyone cheered .
Michael Dwyer , Shipley , West Yorkshire , England Sorry , what exactly is the point of this story ?
Randy teen gets randier after encountering Prostitutes in Paris ?
Perhaps
I 'm missing something but I thought this was the BBC , not Huster online .
Neil Brady , Dublin , Ireland Romanticising the sex industry is a dangerous thing and I 'm surprised to see the BBC encourage it .
I work helping sex workers to get out of this industry and I think this is a distasteful , insensitive little article , written without a thought as to what the women involved might have thought upon being confronted with the miserbale possibility of having to flirt with this spotty teenage oik .
Shame on you , BBC , for giving him a voice .
B North , Leeds Pigalle struck me as a lurid place .
Even on the main streets a stones throw away from the Moulin Rouge , I was struck by the cheapness and the lack of class it exhibited .
I would never normally visit a red light district in any case , but I at least expected Paris to still retain some bohemian spirit .
I dread to think what such places are like in less beautiful cities .
Steve , Bury I am puzzled by the publication of stories like this on BBC .
It appears sympathetic to the idea of fathers procuring sex for their sons , but I recall a news item last week where a father in the UK acquired a criminal record , inclusion on the sex offender 's register and a ban on contacting his own son .
Society is sending out mixed messages and I 'm confused .
anonymous , Scotland
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The top 10 most downloaded movies on BitTorrent , ‘ He 's Just Not That Into You ’ tops the chart this week followed by ' Friday the 13th ' .
' Push ' completes this week ’s top three .
This week there are four newcomers including a Cam version of ‘ Terminator Salvation ’ .
‘ He ’s Just Not That Into You ’ is week ’s most downloaded movie .
The data for our weekly download chart is collected by TorrentFreak , and is for informational and educational reference only .
All the movies in the list are DVDrips unless stated otherwise .
RSS feed for the weekly movie download chart .
We are renovating the blog , it will not take long , thanks for visiting .
University of Pennsylvania psychologists studying the cognitive mechanisms behind human friendship have determined that how you rank your best friends is closely related to how you think your friends rank you .
The results are consistent with a new theory called the Alliance Hypothesis for Human Friendship , distinct from traditional explanations for human friendship that focused on wealth , popularity or similarity .
The study , performed by Penn cognitive psychologists Peter DeScioli and Robert Kurzban , has demonstrated that human friendship is caused , in part , by cognitive mechanisms aimed at creating a ready - made support group for potential conflicts .
People call on friends for help in a variety of disputes , ranging from trivial arguments to violent fights .
This study suggests that people have specialized decision processes that prioritize those individuals who tend to be most helpful in conflicts , those with fewer stronger commitments to others .
Researchers performed question - and - answer studies in which participants ranked their closest friends in a number of ways , including , for example , the benefits they receive from the friendship , the number of secrets shared and how long the friendship has been ongoing .
Each time , whether participants were an online community , random passersby on a metropolitan street or undergraduate students in a laboratory , friendship rankings were most strongly correlated with individuals ' own perceived rank among their partners ' other friends .
" Historically , the main theory has been that humans build friendships in order to trade in goods and services , " DeScioli , lead author , said .
" The problem we focused on was that friendship involves more than exchange .
People want friends who care about them and do not give just to get something back in return .
We thought that theories about alliances might help explain why friends are primarily concerned with each others ' needs rather than the benefits they can get in return for helping . "
Traditional evolutionary approaches to explain human friendship apply the Theory of Reciprocal Altruism : Friends function as exchange partners ; however , a wealth of empirical evidence from social psychology is inconsistent with the theory .
For example , in prior studies it was shown that people do not keep regular tabs on the benefits given and received in close relationships .
Also , people seem to help friends even when they are unlikely to be capable of repayment .
For cognitive psychologists , it is unclear what humans and their complex brains are up to in creating these relationships .
The new Penn theory has origins in models of alliance building between nations , which prepare for conflict in advance but may not expect anything in return immediately .
advertisement
" Friendships are about alliances , " Kurzban , an associate professor , said .
" We live in a world where conflict can arise and allies must be in position beforehand .
This new hypothesis takes into account how we value those alliances .
In a way , one of the main predictors of friendship is the value of the alliance .
The value of an ally , or friend , drops with every additional alliance they must make , so the best alliance is one in which your ally ranks you above everyone else as well . "
In short , the hypothesis is much more optimistic about the reasons for friendship than existing theories which point toward popularity , wealth and proximity as reasons for friendship .
" In this hypothesis , " Kurzban said , " it 's not what you can do for me , it 's how much you like me .
In this manner even the weakest nations , for example , or the least popular kid at the party with nary an alliance in the room is set up to be paired with someone looking for a friend . "
More darkly , the new model also serves as an explanation for some petty human behaviors not explained by traditional friendship theories .
For example , the Alliance Hypothesis explains why people are extremely concerned with comparisons to others in their social circle .
It also explains how jealousies and aggression can erupt among groups of friends as alliances are shifted and maintained .
If the Alliance Hypothesis for Human Friendship is correct , then theories about alliances from game theory and international relations might help us better understand friendship .
These theories suggest that people in conflict would benefit strategically from ranking their friends , hiding their friend - rankings and ranking friends according to their own position in partners ' rankings .
To employ these tactics in their friendships , people need to gather and store information about their friends ' other friendships .
That is , they have to readily understand the social world not only from their own perspective but also from the perspectives of their friends .
Although friendship is a core element of human social life , its evolved functions have been difficult to understand .
Human friendship occurs among individuals who are neither relatives nor mates , so the function of this cooperative behavior is not as clear as when reproduction or genetic relatives are involved .
Similar relationships have been observed in non-human species -- hyenas use partners to gain access to carcasses and male dolphins employ " wingmen " to attain females for mating — and considerable progress has been made in understanding these non-human relationships .
But the functions of human friendship have been more elusive .
The study , appearing in the current issue of the online journal Public Library of Science One , was conducted by DeScioli and Kurzban of the Department of Psychology in the School of Arts and Sciences at Penn .
It was supported by a fellowship from the International Foundation for Research in Experimental Economics .
Many have bent my ear over the last few months about global warming skepticism .
So I ’ve just done some moderate digging , and conclude :
In the last half billion years , CO2 has at times been 15 times denser , but not more than 10C warmer .
So that is about as bad as warming could get .
In the last million years , CO2 usually rises after warming ; clearly warming often causes CO2 increases .
CO2 is clearly way up ( ~30 % ) over 150 years , and rising fast , mainly due to human emissions .
CO2 is denser than its been for a half million years .
The direct warming effect of CO2 on warming is mild and saturating ; the effects of concern are indirect , e.g. , water vapor and clouds , but the magnitude and sign of these indirect effects are far from clear .
Climate model builders make indirect effect assumptions , but most observers are skeptical they ’ve got them right .
This uncertainty alone justifies substantial CO2 mitigation ( emission cuts or geoengineering ) , if we are risk - averse enough and if mitigation risks are weaker .
Standard warming records show a real and accelerating rise , roughly matching the CO2 rise .
Such warming episodes seem common in recent history .
The match between recent warming and CO2 rise details is surprisingly close , substantially raising confidence that CO2 is the main cause of recent warming .
( See this great analysis by Pablo Verdes . )
This adds support for mitigation .
Among the few bets on global warming , the consensus is for more warming .
Geoengineering looks far more likely to be feasible and acceptable mitigation than emissions cuts .
Some doubt standard warming records , saying they are biased by urban measuring sites and arbitrary satellite record corrections .
Temperature proxies like tree rings diverge from standard records in the last fifty years .
I do n’t have time to dig into these disputes , so for now I defer to the usual authorities .
It was mostly skeptics bending my ear , and skeptical arguments are easier to find on the web .
But for now , the other side has convinced me .
Added : The Verdes papers is also here .
Here is his key figure :
The reconstructed forcing is made without any reference to the actual forcing , and with almost no free parameters , and yet matches it very well !
Added 1June : Verdes tells me he ’s now in industry and has n’t done any followup work , nor knows of any .
The data and method are public ; seems a great topic for some grad student .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Scientists at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health , the South African National Institute for Communicable Diseases of National Health Laboratory Service ( NICD - NHLS ) , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and Roche 's 454 Life Sciences Corporation have discovered the new virus responsible for a highly fatal hemorrhagic fever outbreak in Zambia and South Africa in late 2008 .
It is the first new hemorrhagic fever - associated arenavirus from Africa identified in nearly four decades .
A detailed genetic analysis of this novel arenavirus , named Lujo virus , after the sites of the outbreak ( Lusaka , Zambia , and Johannesburg , South Africa ) is published online in PLoS Pathogens ( http://dx.plos.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1000455).
The previously unknown arenavirus , which was identified using genetic extracts of blood and liver from the victims and through unbiased high - throughput sequencing , is distantly related to Lassa virus and Lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus ( LCMV ) .
Characterisation of the novel virus confirms the utility of unbiased high - throughput sequencing for pathogen discovery and provides a blueprint for public health efforts to quickly curb unidentified emerging viral disease outbreaks in the future .
It will also enable the development of specific tests to diagnose infection , determine the origin of the virus , and develop drugs and vaccines to treat and prevent disease .
In September and October 2008 , five cases of undiagnosed hemorrhagic fever were recognised in South Africa after air transfer of a critically ill individual from Zambia .
The disease was fatal in four of the five cases , including the originally infected individual , the paramedic who attended the patient during air transfer , the nurse who attended the patient in the intensive care unit , and a member of the hospital staff who cleaned the room after the death of the patient .
The fifth case , a nurse who attended the paramedic , one day before barrier nursing procedures were implemented , received anti-viral treatment and recovered .
" Within 72 hours we identified the novel virus using high - throughput sequencing , " stated Thomas Briese , PhD , associate professor of clinical Epidemiology and associate director of the Center for Infection and Immunity ( CII ) at Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health .
" It is reassuring that we now have the tools needed to rapidly detect and respond to the challenges of unknown pathogens .
A key challenge that remains is deployment of these technologies to the ' hot spots ' where new killer viruses frequently emerge .
We remain committed to this important public health effort as it represents a unique opportunity to prevent the next pandemic , be it a threat like HIV or SARS , " said Ian Lipkin , MD , John Snow Professor of Epidemiology and professor of Neurology and Pathology at Columbia University and director of CII .
" The successful international collaboration during this highly fatal outbreak highlighted the importance of global cooperation in outbreak response to emerging and highly dangerous pathogens " , stated Janusz Paweska , DVSc , Head of the Special Pathogens Unit of NICD - NHLS , extraordinary professor at the University of Pretoria , and deputy director of the Southern African Centre for Infectious Disease Surveillance .
" This south - north collaboration created a powerful partnership of scientific excellence , resulting in rapid and comprehensive full genetic characterisation of the new virus " .
" 454 - sequencing enables researchers to quickly identify organisms present in a complex sample without any prior knowledge or bias , " explained Michael Egholm , co-author and Chief Technology Officer and Vice President of Research and Development at 454 Life Sciences .
" Our work with Lipkin and colleagues in developing a comprehensive approach to pathogen detection has borne fruit in resolving a number of recent disease outbreaks and confirms that it will be a critical tool for public health .
We were honoured in this most recent example to work with outstanding investigators at the U. S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the National Institute for Communicable Diseases , South Africa , the CII , and the World Health Organization . "
Mark Baker and Aaron Jenkins had one thing in common : they were both in the midst of a transition at Initech Global .
It was Aaron 's last day on the job and Mark 's very first , and Aaron was tasked with helping Mark get acquainted with the applications , servers , and whatever else a new employee might need .
Of course , seeing that it was Aaron 's last day , Mark's " brain dump " consisted of a single item : how to unlock the front door and disarm the alarm system .
" So let 's see , " Aaron explained , " if you 're the first one in , just put this here key into this here lock and give it a turn .
Got it ?
Then punch 8863 on the alarm panel .
Got it ? "
Aaron 's only other bit of fleeting advice was " everything else is checked in , you 'll find it . "
And find it he did .
One of the first pieces of code that Mark found was this :
NumPages = IntDivide( ds. Tables ( 0 ) .
Rows .
Count , 56 ) + 1
Curious as to why a special function was needed to divide integers in .
NET , Mark took a look at IntDivide ( ) .
'------------------------------------------------------------------
'-- NAME : IntDivide '-- PURPOSE : Returns the integer division of one '-- number by another .
'-- IN PARAMETERS : Numerator , denominator .
'-- OUT PARAMETERS : Result .
'------------------------------------------------------------------
'-- REVISION HISTORY : '-- '--
WHEN WHO WHAT '--
08/29/08 ????
Initial creation .
'------------------------------------------------------------------
Public Function IntDivide ( ByVal Num As Integer , ByVal Denom As Integer ) As Integer Dim Result As Integer = 0 If Denom <> 0 Then Dim SQL As String = " SELECT ( " & Num.
ToString & " / " & Denom .
ToString & " ) AS Res " Dim ds As New DataSet If GetDataSet ( SQL , ds ) Then If ds .
Tables ( 0 ) .
Rows .
Count > 0 Then Result = ds. Tables ( 0 ) .
Rows (0 ) .
Item (0 ) End If End If End If Return Result End Function
Yes , Aaron made a call to SQL Server , and filled a DataSet just divide two integers !
I guess Math . Floor ( Num / Denom ) was too easy .
As for Aaron 's " how to disarm the alarm " instructions ?
He ended up using them the following week , and the police subsequently showed up .
But at least he did learn how to use a key .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Unwed teens and 20s who attend or have graduated from private religious schools are more likely to obtain abortions than their peers from public schools .
New research suggests that while religiosity ( defined as religious involvement , frequency of prayer , and perception of the importance of religion ) influences the attitudes of young women towards abortion , it does not affect their actual behavior .
In other words , even religious women , if unmarried and pregnant , resort to abortion — particularly women in their teens .
This according to new research published in the Journal of Health and Social Behavior .
Hypocrisy sucks .
In recent months , there has been growing support for a national regulatory strategy for digital media .
The Canadian Radio- television and Telecommunications Commission has explicitly identified the need for this in its new - media decision , as have leaders in the technology , telecommunications , broadcast and education communities .
The need for a federal strategy stems from the realization that Canada is rapidly falling behind much of the developed world on digital issues .
The gradual hollowing out of the Canadian technology sector ( one - time giants such as Nortel , JDS , Corel , Newbridge Networks and Entrust are all either dead or unrecognizable today ) , the absence of a strategy to digitize Canadian content , the inability of the CRTC to make sense of its legislation as it applies to the Internet , and the plummeting rankings of Canadian high - speed Internet and wireless services all point to a problem that can no longer be ignored .
Industry watchers point to the late 1990s as the last time Canadian digital policy was driven by a cohesive plan .
Led by then Industry Minister John Manley , Canada introduced privacy and e-commerce legislation , online consumer protections and supported high - speed networks that rivalled the best in the world .
Other countries took note and today , many – Australia , New Zealand , Britain , Germany , and France among them – have developed their own digital strategies .
Most designs identify high - level principles such as fostering consumer confidence or ensuring broadband access .
Given that Canada is late to the game , it should think about taking a different tack .
Since broad principles rarely generate action , the government should forgo the conventional strategy and move directly to an action plan with specific deliverables .
The starting point for any action plan is leadership .
Canada needs digital leaders , including a Chief Technology Officer and cabinet - level attention to the issue .
On a substantive level , there is room for a greater governmental role , but it should avoid the temptation to pick winners or specific technologies .
With that in mind , a Canadian digital action plan could focus on five main issues :
1. Incentives for world - class networks
Canadian telecommunications networks were once the envy of the world .
No longer , as Canada now ranks 28th out of 30 OECD countries in terms of speed and pricing .
Ensuring that all Canadians have access to high - speed networks that rival current leaders such as Japan and South Korea should be a top- priority .
The plan could involve funding for rural broadband initiatives ( the 2009 budget provided less than the Conservatives promised during the fall election campaign ) , and tax incentives to promote investment in fast fibre - to - the - home services .
The digital television transition ( Canada will shift from analog to digital television in 2011 ) will free up spectrum that could be used promote new innovation by reserving space for unlicensed uses and encourage the entry of new competitors .
2. Establish openness
After years of closed , " walled garden " approaches , the world is embracing the benefits of openness .
The City of Vancouver recently adopted an openness policy that establishes a preference for open standards , open - source software and open government data .
The federal government should do the same , promoting the use of cost - effective open - source software and the benefits of commercial and civic activity around accessible government data .
A presumption of openness would also extend to spectrum auctions and open access to taxpayer - funded research .
3. Modernize the law
There is seemingly universal agreement that several Canadian laws are long overdue for digital reform .
The government took an important step with the introduction of the Electronic Commerce Protection Act , which combines anti-spam rules and consumer protections for the digital age .
There remains much more to be done , however , including updating privacy legislation and changing Canadian tax rules to encourage venture - capital financing and corporate investment in new technologies .
The Telecommunications Act and Broadcasting
Act should be merged into a single law with streamlined principles that reflect the current world of technological abundance rather than scarcity .
The law should preserve innovation in the network through modernized neutrality principles and mandate greater transparency in network management and pricing .
Canadian copyright law should be updated by implementing provisions that comply with international treaties and meet legitimate consumer expectations .
Potential changes include a modernized backup copy provision , expanded fair dealing rules , and legal protection for digital locks only if they do not override user rights .
4. Remove barriers to innovation
A Canadian digital action plan should help promote innovation by removing several long - standing barriers .
This includes lifting foreign investment restrictions in the telecommunications sector , providing creators with greater certainty of access to underlying works and establishing limits on liability for Internet intermediaries , including Internet service providers and search engines .
Canadian patent and copyright law should be examined to guard against the gridlock that can stymie innovation , while Canadian regulators , particularly the Competition Bureau and the CRTC , must become far more aggressive in protecting consumer interests and guarding against anti-competitive behaviour .
5. Promote a Canadian Internet
Canadian cultural policy has long focused on the creation and promotion of Canadian culture .
The government has already begun to shift much of its support toward new media and digital platforms .
That should continue , as another portion of the spectrum auction proceeds could be directed toward digital culture funding .
Support for a Canadian Internet should extend beyond traditional funding programs , however .
The Canadian Internet Registration Authority could use part of its forthcoming financial surplus ( which could soon exceed $ 1 million annually ) to assist with Internet policies or by granting every Canadian a free domain name to encourage their participation in the online world .
Canada could also get on with the job of creating a national digital library by digitizing millions of Canadian books for the benefit of Canadian authors and the broader public .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
A Canadian digital action plan should do more than simply present general principles or mirror strategies found in other countries .
Canada has fallen behind the curve and there is no time to waste .
Michael Geist holds the Canada Research Chair in Internet and E- commerce Law at the University of Ottawa , Faculty of Law .
He can reached at mgeist@uottawa.ca or online at www.michaelgeist.ca
Read more about :
Companies in Italy received the biggest single payments from the EU 's farm subsidies in 2008 , with 180 of them provided with more than a million euros , a study released on Thursday ( 7 May ) showed .
Sugar producers Italia Zuccheri and Eridania Sadam were also the only two companies winning more than a € 100 million each under the EU 's Common Agriculture Policy ( CAP ) , being awarded € 139.8 and € 125.3 million respectively , according to a study by Farmsubsidy.org – a cross - border network of journalists , reasearchers and campaigners pushing for more transparency in the EU 's Common Agricultural Policy .
The only non-Italian company to rank among the top five " farm - subsidy millionaires " was Ireland 's Greencore Group – a manufacturer and supplier of food and food ingredients – which came fourth , having received € 83.4 million .
Some 165 companies in Spain , 47 in the Netherlands , 38 in Portugal , 22 in Belgium , 21 in the UK and 12 in both Bulgaria and Romania received more than a million euros .
In France – the top overall beneficiary of the CAP , with € 10.4 out of the total € 55 billion – 142 companies were granted more than a million .
The Doux Group , which sells chicken products worldwide , was the biggest single recipient in the country , with € 62.8 million and coming sixth in the overall millionaire ranking .
Altogether , the 707 millionaires received between five and 10 percent of the total amount of the CAP in 2008 , said Farmsubsidy.org co-founder Nils Mulvad at a press conference in Brussels .
He stressed however that full data from only 18 member states had been taken into account at this stage .
Data from Cyprus , Germany , the Netherlands and Slovakia has not been included because these countries " have not yet published data on farm subsidy beneficiaries or have made it very difficult to access the data they have published , " the organisation said .
It explained that information from the Czech Republic , Estonia , Germany , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland would be added to the study as soon as the conversion of the sums into euros is finalised .
Most countries breaching the rules
The research also included an evaluation of member states ' transposition of the European Commission 's transparency rules that oblige governments to disclose information on farm funds recipients .
Member states had until 30 April to publish information on the beneficiaries of farm subsidies for 2008 , but the study found that only eight countries had fully complied with the rules .
Belgium , the Czech Republic , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , Romania , Slovenia and the UK were the only countries to implement the commission 's transparency law well .
Ten countries , including Spain and Ireland , but also a number of new member states such as Lithuania , Latvia , Slovakia and Bulgaria , were " clearly in breach of the regulations . "
Eight others – France , Greece , Hungary , Austria , Italy , Poland , Portugal and Sweden – presented " important deficiencies , likely to be in breach of the regulations . "
The organisation cited Hungary , Ireland and the Netherlands as being among a number of countries " engaging in apparent deliberate obfuscation of their websites , " saying that Hungary had presented its data in a " totally unstructured " PDF document of more than 13,000 pages .
Poland was also cited as " one bad example " publishing only the names of the person applying for the subsidies and not of the companies , while the Netherlands was criticised for failing to provide a total amount for each recipient , making it difficult to find out how much a particular Dutch company has received .
Germany bashed
Germany is the only member state refusing to publish its figures , arguing that it has legal constraints due to data protection laws in local districts .
But the European Commission has refused to give Berlin an extension and has said it would start infringement procedures against the country if it does not fall into line .
" All 27 agreed on [ the rules ] and took this obligation ...
You take an obligation , you have to stick to it .
It is that simple , " said Kristian Schmidt , deputy head of EU anti-fraud commissioner Siim Kallas ' cabinet .
He added the commission was " quite disappointed " by Germany 's behaviour and its " last - minute second thoughts . "
EVANSTON , Ill . ---
Men and women may not be from two different planets after all when it comes to choosiness in mate selection , according to new research from Northwestern University .
When women were assigned to the traditionally male role of approaching potential romantic partners , they were not any pickier than men in choosing that special someone to date , according to the speed dating study .
That finding , of course , is contrary to well established evolutionary explanations about mate selection .
An abundance of such research suggests that women are influenced by higher reproductive costs ( bearing and raising children ) than men and thus are much choosier when it comes to love interests .
The new study is the latest research of two Northwestern psychologists whose well - reported work on speed dating offers unparalleled opportunities for studying romantic attraction in action .
Deviating from standard speed - dating experiments - and from the typical conventions at professional speed - dating events -- women in the study were required to go from man to man during their four - minute speed dates half the time , rather than always staying put .
In most speed - dating events , the women stay in one place as the men circulate .
" The mere act of physically approaching a potential partner , versus being approached , seemed to increase desire for that partner , " said Eli Finkel , associate professor of psychology in the Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences at Northwestern and co-investigator of the study .
Regardless of gender , those who rotated experienced greater romantic desire for their partners , compared to those who sat throughout the event .
The rotators , compared to the sitters , tended to have a greater interest in seeing their speed - dating partners again .
" Given that men generally are expected -- and sometimes required - to approach a potential love interest , the implications are intriguing , " Finkel said .
" Let 's face it , even today , there is a huge difference in terms of who is expected to walk across the bar to say ' hi , ' " added Northwestern 's Paul Eastwick , the study 's other co-investigator .
The study is forthcoming in Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science .
Three hundred fifty undergraduates were recruited for the study 's speed - dating events .
In half of the events , the men rotated while the women sat .
In the remaining events , the women rotated .
Following each four - minute " date , " the participants indicated their romantic desire in that partner and how self - confident they felt .
Following the event , the students indicated on a Website whether they would or would not be interested in seeing each partner again .
When the men rotated , the results supported the long - held notion of men being less selective .
When the women rotated , this robust sex difference disappeared .
The study draws upon embodiment research that suggests that physical actions alter perception .
In one such study , for example , participants who were told to pull an unrelated object toward themselves while evaluating Chinese ideographs rated them as prettier than participants who pushed an unrelated object away from themselves while viewing the symbols .
" The embodiment research shows that our physical activity and psychological processes interface in ways that are outside our conscious awareness , " Finkel said .
" In conjunction with this previous embodiment research , our speed - dating results strongly suggest that the mere act of approaching a potential love interest can boost desire . "
The researchers suggest that confidence also may have affected the results .
Approaching a potential date increases confidence , which in turn makes the approacher less selective .
The study presents a clear example of how inconspicuous gender norms ( having men rotate and women sit ) can not only affect the outcome of a study , but also skew the chances of a speed dater walking away with a potential match .
" Our society is structured in gendered ways that can be subtle but very powerful , " Eastwick concluded .
The study has implications both for companies that capitalize on the business of dating and for researchers concerned with how social norms may affect research .
###
For more information , please contact the Eli Finkel at finkel@northwestern.edu or Paul Eastwick at p-eastwick@northwestern.edu .
For a copy of the article " Arbitrary Social Norms Influence Sex Differences in Romantic Selectivity " and access to other Psychological Science research findings , please contact Catherine Allen - West at ( 202 ) 293-9300 or cwest@psychologicalscience.org .
NORTHWESTERN NEWS : www.northwestern.edu/newscenter/
Here are some of the most ridiculous ( genuine ) complaints made by holidaymakers to their travel agent , courtesy of research by the flight booking website justtheflight .
co.uk and cruise booking website bonvoyage.uk .
" We could not enjoy the tour as our guide was too ugly .
You can't be expected to admire a beautiful view when you 're staring at a face like his . "
‘ The Grand Canyon ?
It 's nothing special ’ – meet the world 's grumpiest travellers
A Swiss company with major operations in West Chester , Pa. , illegally tested its bone cement on about 200 people , three of whom died , according to a 52 - count indictment issued Tuesday by the U.S. Attorney in Philadelphia .
Synthes Inc. , a producer of orthopedic products that employs about 1,400 in Pennsylvania , did not tell any of the patients that they were participating in experimental surgeries , the indictment said .
Federal prosecutors also accused Synthes executives of lying to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration about whether they had tested the product for uses that the agency had not approved .
" What they did here was pervert the FDA 's process , " U.S. Attorney Michael Levy said at a news conference Tuesday .
The FDA had approved Norian XR to fill bony voids or defects in some parts of the body , but not in the spine .
The agency insisted that Synthes conduct clinical trials , which are lengthy and expensive and require FDA oversight , if it wanted to expand the uses of Norian XR to treat spinal fractures .
But , a company executive identified in the indictment as " Person No. 7 " decided not to conduct clinical trials .
Instead , the person said the company should " get a few sites to perform 60 - 80 procedures and help them publish their clinical results , " according to the indictment .
The report never explicitly identifies " Person No. 7 , " but says he was the chief executive officer and a large shareholder .
A company spokesman identified Hansjorg Wyss as the CEO during those years .
Forbes Magazine lists
Wyss , a Swiss citizen , as a West Chester resident and the Philadelphia area 's wealthiest person , with a net worth of $ 5.7 billion .
Last year ,
Wyss gave the largest amount from a single source in Harvard University 's history when he donated $ 125 million to create a bio- engineering institute .
Wyss is 74 , a skier , and , according to Forbes , led Synthes for 30 years " to the fore of medical technology . "
He also heads the Wyss Foundation , which gives scholarships to students getting master 's degrees in conservation .
He loves wine , and owns a 900 - acre ranch and vineyard in California .
Wyss owns about 40 percent of outstanding Synthes stock .
The company , which had about $ 805 million in first - quarter sales this year , specializes in orthopedic devices , including plates and screws .
The federal indictment also alleges that a doctor told " Person No. 7 " that because vertebral fractures were such a common problem , the company needed to pay for FDA - supervised trials conducted by investigators independent of Synthes .
Wyss was not available for comment .
In a statement Tuesday , the company said , " Synthes has fully cooperated with the government 's investigation , which began in 2006 , and believes that its marketing practices in connection with Norian XR were proper .
The company intends to vigorously defend itself against the charges . "
Instead of conducting trials with FDA oversight , Synthes executives convinced about 50 surgeons to test Norian XR in people with spinal fractures .
Synthes sales representatives often were in the operating room during the surgeries , including those where patients died , prosecutors said .
When company executives began these surgical tests in 2002 , they knew that Norian XR caused blood clots in test tubes and that clots became lodged in the lungs in tests with pigs , the indictment said .
Synthes continued the experimental surgeries even after two patients died on the operating table , prosecutors said .
The company stopped the tests after a third patient died in January 2004 .
Federal prosecutors said the cause of the deaths was hypotension , a rapid drop in blood pressure , but they could not determine what role , if any , Norian XR played .
The company stopped selling the product in 2004 .
Prosecutors did not name the doctors , patients or medical facilities where the surgeries took place .
Two patients died in Northern California , and the third in Texas , but federal officials did not name the cities .
The indictment charges Synthes subsidiary Norian Corp. with 52 felony counts , including conspiracy to impair and impede FDA functions and making false statements in connection with an FDA inspection .
The U.S. Attorney 's Office did charge four Synthes executives _ Michael D. Huggins , Thomas B. Higgins , Richard E. Bohner , and John J. Walsh _ with one misdemeanor charge related to the labeling of Norian XR .
___
( c ) 2009 , The Philadelphia Inquirer .
Visit Philadelphia Online , the Inquirer 's World Wide Web site , at www.philly.com/
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
Explore further Patient dies during gene therapy trial
Chris Anderson
CouchDB Ltd
We know good things happen when users control their data and have access to application source code .
The web gave us an incredibly simple model for application development , but the downside was code locked up on servers , with users feeling out - of - control of their data .
Maybe we trust Flickr , but if my network connection drops unexpectedly when I'm in the middle of showing baby photos to Grandma , the fact that Flickr holds my data remotely can't be denied .
Standalone CouchDB applications give users control over their data in a way that we 've never seen on the web or the desktop before .
CouchDB serves Ajax applications directly to the browser , and can manage vast databases using map reduce views .
The combination of simple web applications with powerful queries is exciting on its own , but what really sets CouchDB apart is it 's peer based replication .
Using replication your data can be anywhere : your laptop , the cloud , your phone .
Grandma will be happy about CouchDB 's transparent offline mode , but the bigger win is that users have their data and the applications together on their own machines , giving them the opportunity to view and modify the source code .
I sincerely believe that an ecosystem of CouchDB web apps will do more to further the open source cause than anything else we 've seen in the web era .
In my Erlang Factory talk I 'll give an introduction to CouchDB , explain the way it makes data portability and open source the default , and show a few example applications to inspire you to build your own .
“ There ’s an arc in this season , and it ’s the closest I ’ve been to doing what I want to do , ” she …
However , analysts say that an indication of the seriousness of the Pakistani military 's intent towards the Taliban this time will be measured by whether it is prepared to take on more powerful Taliban commanders .
In commemoration of the 40th anniversary of the Stonewall uprising in June 1969 , the Obama administration has proclaimed June to be national LGBT Pride Month .
Now how about gays in the military ?
The White House :
Forty years ago , patrons and supporters of the Stonewall Inn in New York City resisted police harassment that had become all too common for members of the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) community .
Out of this resistance , the LGBT rights movement in America was born .
During LGBT Pride Month , we commemorate the events of June 1969 and commit to achieving equal justice under law for LGBT Americans .
LGBT Americans have made , and continue to make , great and lasting contributions that continue to strengthen the fabric of American society .
There are many well - respected LGBT leaders in all professional fields , including the arts and business communities .
LGBT Americans also mobilized the Nation to respond to the domestic HIV / AIDS epidemic and have played a vital role in broadening this country ’s response to the HIV pandemic .
Due in no small part to the determination and dedication of the LGBT rights movement , more LGBT Americans are living their lives openly today than ever before .
I am proud to be the first President to appoint openly LGBT candidates to Senate - confirmed positions in the first 100 days of an Administration .
These individuals embody the best qualities we seek in public servants , and across my Administration — in both the White House and the Federal agencies — openly LGBT employees are doing their jobs with distinction and professionalism .
Read more
ANN ARBOR — Small children tend to believe boys are born to like football and girls are born to like dolls ? much in the same way that cats are born different from dogs , research shows .
The new study offers important implications for how children think about activities that are culturally associated with particular genders , said University of Michigan psychology researchers Susan Gelman and Marjorie Rhodes , and Pacific Lutheran University professor Marianne Taylor .
The research is featured in the journal Child Development .
“ By confronting this belief directly , parents and teachers can help encourage girls and boys to explore a wider range of school activities , ” Gelman said .
The researchers surveyed more than 450 Americans from diverse racial - ethnic and socioeconomic backgrounds who were 5 years old to college age .
The study ’s findings confirm prior research , which has shown that adults and children alike think different species have deep biological differences , for example , that innate differences cause dogs to behave differently from cats .
When children are at least 10 , according to the research , they begin to treat gender and species concepts as distinct from one another .
At that age , they also understand that environment plays a role in gender - related behaviors .
Researchers used a “ switched at birth ” test developed by Gelman where children are told stories about babies ( either human or animals ) born in one family but raised in another , asking children to pit the notions of nature versus nurture .
“ Younger children typically endorse innate and internal causes for both physical and behavioral properties and tend to reject environmental influences , ” Gelman said .
“ With age , children increasingly distinguish between gender and animal species and develop a new conceptual framework . ”
The study appears in Volume 80 , Issue 2 of the journal Child Development .
For more on Gelman , visit : www.lsa.umich.edu/psych/people/directory/profiles/faculty/?uniquename=gelman
Gelman
It ’s Friday !
So today we have a fun list .
There have been some gory horror films throughout time , but one thing they all have in common is a lack of survival instinct .
Here are some tips to aid the characters in surviving an impending slaughter and being part of yet another film cliche .
Be sure to add some of your own survival tips to the comments .
10 Double Check
Never enter a car without double checking the back seat for strangers .
Also do n’t check the boot until you have found a weapon that is strong enough to puncture it first .
You never know who may be hiding in there .
9 Hide
If you have found a good hiding place , do not peek or think it ’s safe to leave .
However , if you are absolutely certain it is the perfect time to leave , examine your surroundings , especially the ground .
The sound of a twig breaking , will cost you your life .
8 Run For Your Life
If you do n’t have a weapon , run for your life , but expect to stumble or fall flat on your face at least twice .
Even if you were the fastest runner in school and the monster is just power walking , it ’s still moving quick enough to catch you .
7 Do n’t Be A Hero
If you hear someone cry for help , do n’t come to the rescue .
Now is not the time to be a hero .
They got themself into that mess , so it ’s up to them to get themself out .
It may also be a trap so do n’t take any risks .
6 Avoid The Undead
If pets or relatives awake from the dead , do n’t even try approach them .
There is only one thing on their minds and unfortunately , it is not a family reunion .
5 No Human Speaks In Tongues
If a family member or friend speak to you in a different voice or any language they do n’t know , shoot them immediately .
You will be doing yourself and them a favor .
It will probably take more than bullets to kill them , so be prepared .
4 Move Out
If you discover that your home was inhabited by a murderer , someone who went insane or committed suicide , move immediately .
Do n’t take any chances .
For all you know they could still be living there .
3 Travel in Numbers
Never pair off or go by yourself .
You ’re better off taking on the monster as a group .
In this case quantity is better than quality .
Remember – if you go it alone or as a pair , you are setting yourself up for being part of one hell of a cliche .
2 Get Loaded
Do n’t try to take on the monster with your bare hands .
Even if you have some wicked Ninja moves , showing off will get you nowhere .
The killer will most likely have a weapon .
So do n’t even bother if you ’re not armed .
1 Make Sure It ’s Dead
If you think that you have killed the monster , make sure that you have decapitated it and severed each of its limbs .
If you only have a gun , keep shooting at it in the head and heart until you have run out of ammo .
Then reload and repeat .
You will then need to burn it afterwards .
Compcache : in - memory compressed swapping
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
The idea of memory compression — compress relatively unused pages and store them in memory itself — is simple and has been around for a long time .
Compression , through the elimination of expensive disk I/O , is far faster than swapping those pages to secondary storage .
When a page is needed again , it is decompressed and given back , which is , again , much faster than going to swap .
An implementation of this idea on Linux is currently under development as the compcache project .
It creates a virtual block device ( called ramzswap ) which acts as a swap disk .
Pages swapped to this disk are compressed and stored in memory itself .
The project home contains use cases , performance numbers , and other related bits .
The whole aim of the project is not just performance — on swapless setups , it allows running applications that would otherwise simply fail due to lack of memory .
For example , Edubuntu included compcache to lower the RAM requirements of its installer .
The performance page on the project wiki shows numbers for configurations that closely match netbooks , thin clients , and embedded devices .
These initial results look promising .
For example , in the benchmark for thin clients , ramzswap gives nearly the same effect as doubling the memory .
Another benchmark shows that average time required to complete swap requests is reduced drastically with ramzswap .
With a swap partition located on a 10000 RPM disk , average time required for swap read and write requests was found to be 168ms and 355 ms , respectively .
While with ramzswap , corresponding numbers were mere 12µs and 7µs , respectively — this includes time for checking zero - filled pages and compressing / decompressing all non-zero pages .
The approach of using a virtual block device is a major simplification over earlier attempts .
The previous implementation required changes to the swap write path , page fault handler , and page cache lookup functions ( find_get_page ( ) and friends ) .
Those patches did not gain widespread acceptance due to their intrusive nature .
The new approach is far less intrusive , but at a cost : compcache has lost the ability to compress page cache ( filesystem backed ) pages .
It can now compress swap cache ( anonymous ) pages only .
At the same time , this simplicity and non-intrusiveness got it included in Ubuntu , ALT Linux , LTSP ( Linux Terminal Server Project ) and maybe other places as well .
It should be noted that , when used at the hypervisor level , compcache can compress any part of the guest memory and for any kind of guest OS ( Linux , Windows etc ) — this should allow running more virtual machines for a given amount of total host memory .
For example , in KVM the guest physical memory is simply anonymous memory for the host ( Linux kernel in this case ) .
Also , with the recent MMU notifier support included in the Linux kernel , nearly the entire guest physical memory is now swappable [ PDF ] .
Implementation
All of the individual components are separate kernel modules :
LZO compressor : lzo_compress.ko , lzo_decompress.ko ( already in mainline )
xvMalloc memory allocator : xvmalloc.ko
compcache block device driver : ramzswap.ko
swapon /dev/ramzswap0
Once these modules are loaded , one can just enable the ramzswap swap device :
Note that ramzswap cannot be used as a generic block device .
It can only handle page - aligned I/O , which is sufficient for use as a swap device .
No use case has yet come to light that would justify the effort to make it a generic compressed read - write block device .
Also , to minimize block layer overhead , ramzswap uses the " no queue " mode of operation .
Thus , it accepts requests directly from the block layer and avoids all overhead due to request queue logic .
The ramzswap module accepts parameters for " disk " size , memory limit , and backing swap partition .
The optional backing swap partition parameter is the physical disk swap partition where ramzswap will forward read / write requests for pages that compress to a size larger than PAGE_SIZE / 2 — so we keep only highly compressible pages in memory .
Additionally , purely zero filled pages are checked and no memory is allocated for such pages .
For " generic " desktop workloads ( Firefox , email client , editor , media player etc. ) , we typically see 4000 - 5000 zero filled pages .
Memory management
One of the biggest challenges in this project is to manage variable sized compressed chunks .
For this , ramzswap uses memory allocator called xvmalloc developed specifically for this project .
It has O ( 1 ) malloc / free , very low fragmentation ( within 10 % of ideal in all tests ) , and can use highmem ( useful on 32 - bit systems with > 1G memory ) .
It exports a non-standard allocator interface :
struct xv_pool * xv_create_pool ( void ) ; void xv_destroy_pool ( struct xv_pool * pool ) ; int xv_malloc ( struct xv_pool * pool , u32 size , u32 * pagenum , u32 * offset , gfp_t flags ) ; void xv_free ( struct xv_pool * pool , u32 pagenum , u32 offset ) ;
xv_malloc ( ) returns a < pagenum , offset > pair .
It is then up to the caller to map this page ( with kmap ( ) ) to get a valid kernel - space pointer .
The justification for the use of a custom memory allocator was provided when the compcache patches were posted to linux - kernel .
Both the SLOB and SLUB allocators were found to be unsuitable for use in this project .
SLOB targets embedded devices and claims to have good space efficiency .
However , it was found to have some major problems :
It has O ( n ) alloc / free behavior and can lead to large amounts of wasted space as detailed in this LKML post .
On the other hand , SLUB has different set of problems .
The first is the usual fragmentation issue .
The data presented here shows that kmalloc uses ~ 43 % more memory than xvmalloc .
Another problem is that it depends on allocating higher order pages to reduce fragmentation .
This is not acceptable for ramzswap as it is used in tight - memory situations , so higher order allocations are almost guaranteed to fail .
The xvmalloc allocator , on the other hand , always allocates zero - order pages when it needs to expand a memory pool .
Also , both SLUB and SLOB are limited to allocating from low memory .
This particular limitation is applicable only for 32 - bit system with more than 1G of memory .
On such systems , neither allocator is able to allocate from the high memory zone .
This restriction is not acceptable for the compcache project .
Users with such configurations reported memory allocation failures from ramzswap ( before xvmalloc was developed ) even when plenty of high - memory was available .
The xvmalloc allocator , on the other hand , is able to allocate from the high memory region .
Considering above points , xvmalloc could potentially replace the SLOB allocator .
However , this would involve lot of additional work as xvmalloc provides a non-standard malloc / free interface .
Also , xvmalloc is not scalable in its current state ( neither is SLOB ) and hence cannot be considered as a replacement for SLUB .
The memory needed for compressed pages is not pre-allocated ; it grows and shrinks on demand .
On initialization , ramzswap creates an xvmalloc memory pool .
When the pool does not have enough memory to satisfy an allocation request , it grows by allocating single ( 0 - order ) pages from kernel page allocator .
When an object is freed , xvmalloc merges it with adjacent free blocks in the same page .
If the resulting free block size is equal to PAGE_SIZE , i.e. the page no longer contains any object ; we release the page back to the kernel .
This allocation and freeing of objects can lead to fragmentation of the ramzswap memory .
Consider the case where a lot of objects are freed in a short period of time and , subsequently , there are very few swap write requests .
In that case , the xvmalloc pool can end up with a lot of partially filled pages , each containing only a small number of live objects .
To handle this case , some sort of xvmalloc memory defragmentation scheme would need to be implemented ; this could be done by relocating objects from almost - empty pages to other pages in the xvmalloc pool .
However , it should be noted that , practically , after months of use on several desktop machines , waste due to xvmalloc memory fragmentation never exceeded 7 % .
Swap limitations and and tools
Being a block device , ramzswap can never know when a compressed page is no longer required — say , when the owning process has exited .
Such stale ( compressed ) pages simply waste memory .
But with recent " swap discard " support , this is no longer as much of a problem .
Swap discard sends BIO_RW_DISCARD bio request when it finds a free swap cluster during swap allocation .
Although compcache does not get the callback immediately after a page becomes stale , it is still better than just keeping those pages in memory until they are overwritten by another page .
Support for the swap discard mechanism was added in compcache - 0.5 .
In general , the discard request comes a long time after a page has become stale .
Consider a case where a memory - intensive workload terminates and there is no further swapping activity .
In those cases , ramzswap will end up having lots of stale pages .
No discard requests will come to ramzswap since no further swap allocations are being done .
Once swapping activity starts again , it is expected that discard requests will be received for some of these stale pages .
So , to make ramzswap more effective , changes are required in the kernel ( not yet done ) to scan the swap bitmap more aggressively to find any freed swap clusters — at least in the case of RAM backed swap devices .
Also , an adaptive compressed cache resizing policy would be useful — monitor accesses to the compressed cache and move relatively unused pages to a physical swap device .
Currently , ramzswap can simply forward uncompressible pages to a backing swap disk , but it cannot swap out memory allocated by xvmalloc .
Another interesting sub- project is the SwapReplay infrastructure .
This tool is meant to easily test memory allocator behavior under actual swapping conditions .
It is a kernel module and a set of userspace tools to replay swap events in userspace .
The kernel module stacks a pseudo block device ( / dev/ sr_relay ) over a physical swap device .
When kernel swaps over this pseudo device , it dumps a < sector number , R/ W bit , compress length > tuple to userspace and then forwards the I/O request to the backing swap device ( provided as a swap_replay module parameter ) .
This data can then be parsed using a parser library which provides a callback interface for swap events .
Clients using this library can provide any action for these events — show compressed length histograms , simulate ramzswap behavior etc .
No kernel patching is required for this functionality .
The swap replay infrastructure has been very useful throughout ramzswap development .
The ability to replay swap traces allows for easy and consistent simulation of any workload without the need to set it up and run it again and again .
So , if a user is suffering from high memory fragmentation under some workloads , he could simply send me swap trace for his workload and I have all the data needed to reproduce the condition on my side — without the need to set up the same workload .
Clients for the parser library were written to simulate ramzswap behavior over traces from a variety of workloads leading to easier evaluation of different memory allocators and , ultimately , development and enhancement of the xvmalloc allocator .
In the future , it will also help testing variety of eviction policies to support adaptive compressed cache resizing .
Conclusion
The compcache project is currently under active development ; some of the additional features planned are : adaptive compression cache resizing , allow swapping of xvmalloc memory to physical swap disk , memory defragmentation by relocating compressed chunks within memory and compressed swapping to disk ( 4 - 5 pages swapped out with single disk I/O ) .
Later , it might be extended to compress page - cache pages too ( as earlier patches did ) — for now , it just includes the ramzswap component to handle anonymous memory compression .
Last time the ramzswap patches were submitted for review , only LTSP performance data was provided as a justification for this feature .
Andrew Morton was not satisfied with this data .
However , now there is a lot more data uploaded to the performance page on the project wiki that shows performance improvements with ramzswap .
Andrew also pointed out lack of data for cases where ramzswap can cause performance loss :
We would also be interested in seeing the performance _loss_ from these patches .
There must be some cost somewhere .
Find a worstish - case test case and run it and include its results in the changelog too , so we better understand the tradeoffs involved here .
The project still lacks data for such cases .
However , it should be available by the 2.6.32 time frame , when these patches will be posted again for possible inclusion in mainline .
Uncharted : Drake ’s Fortune is getting set for the silver screen .
Columbia Pictures will be picking up the movie , and will be adapting the highly - praised video game onto the big screen .
Kyle Ward , who was recently confirmed to be the writer of Hitman 2 , will pen the movie .
It will be produced by Avi Arad , Charles Roven , Ari Arad and Alex Gartner .
Who would you like to see play Nathan Drake ?
How about Elena Fisher , or Sully ?
Post your comments below !
[ Source ]
Courtesy of a Red State diary :
It ’s likely even Jesus would have OK ’d water boarding if it would have saved his Mom .
He would ’ve done the same to save his Dad , or any one of His disciples .
For that matter , He even died to save all humans .
It ’s obvious
He would not be happy with those who voted for the candidate who kills because it ’s above his “ pay grade ” to know if they ’re alive .
Checking the Commandments , killing innocents is against the 5th .
Because pro-aborts do n’t know for sure life does not exist at conception , they are still willing to risk that it ’s not killing .
Just after Oracle closes its acquisition of Sun Microsystems in about a month 's time , one of the things it 's going to have to sort out is a hodgepodge of virtualization products that Oracle and Sun have amassed .
But in the meantime , Sun's VirtualBox development team is still at it , rolling out the first beta of VirtualBox 3.0 .
According to the announcement made by Frank Mehnert , who heads up the VirtualBox product at Sun and who used to get his paycheck from Innotek before Sun acquired the small German software development company in February 2008 , VirtualBox 3.0 will be " a major update . "
The most significant change in VirtualBox 3.0 is support for multiple processors within guest virtual machine partitions riding atop of the VirtualBox hypervisor .
The 3.0 release will , according to Mehnert , support guest partitions that span as many as 32 virtual processors on x64 processors .
( A virtual processor in the VirtualBox lingo is one core , no matter how many threads it has it it supports simultaneous multithreading ) .
The virtual SMP support for VirtualBox partitions coming in the 3.0 release will require VT-x features on Intel 's Core and Xeon processors and AMD - V features on Advanced Micro Devices ' Athlon and Opteron processors .
VirtualBox 3.0 also has experimental support for Direct3D 8 and 9 graphics support for applications and is particularly useful for games .
If the phrases " experimental support " in a " beta program " are not a strong enough caution to you , Mehnert reminds everyone in the announcement that the beta release " should be considered a bleeding - edge release meant for early evaluation and testing purposes . "
So by all means try this at home , but maybe not at the office where you are trying to get work done ( presumably ) .
VirtualBox 3.0 will support OpenGL 2.0 graphics for Windows , Linux , and Solaris guests as well .
( The host OS and machinery has to support OpenGL 2.0 graphics for the guests to be able to use it ) .
The updated VirtualBox also includes a bunch of bug fixes , which are detailed in the release notes .
You can download the binaries of VirtualBox 3.0 beta 1 here .
The latest production - grade version of VirtualBox is 2.2.4 , which was release on May 29 .
This was a maintenance release fixing bugs , not adding features .
The last major release of VirtualBox was 2.2.0 , which was delivered in early April as all of the IBM - Sun -Oracle shenanigans were going on .
That release supported Windows 7 and Mac OS X " Snow Leopard " guests as well as expanding memory for VMs to 16 GB ( up from 3.5 GB ) .
The 2.2 release also added Open Virtualization Format ( OVF ) to the VM formats already enabled in VirtualBox , which include VMware 's VMDK and Microsoft 's VHD virtual machine disk formats along with VirtualBox 's own VDI native format .
Sun has promised that live partition migration would be coming in a future release this year , but it is not clear if that will be with VirtualBox 3.0 .
The big question , of course , is what Oracle will do with its Oracle Enterprise VM and Virtual Iron hypervisors and tools as well as Sun 's xVM Server ( based on Xen ) as well as VirtualBox on x64 iron as well as LDoms and Solaris containers on Sparc iron .
With Red Hat 's KVM coming on strong , there may be another one that Oracle has to add to the list , which also includes both Oracle and Sun support for XenServer and ESX Server .
There 's a lot of overlap in there , and it is hard to believe that everything will make the cut . ®
If tomorrow morning Africa and the Middle East simply vanished , you have to wonder what would happen to the State Department functionaries who write the travel warnings at travel.state.gov .
The poor people would have little to do all day .
Of the 28 travel warnings issued in May , 12 were for African nations and 7 were for countries in the Middle East .
You wo n’t be surprised by some of the countries on the list — or the reasons for the warnings .
We ’re talking about Al - Qaeda terrorists in Lebanon , suicide car - bombings in Algeria , and attacks on the U.S. Embassy in Yemen .
Sudan is noted for its assassinations of two U.S. Embassy staffers and the conflict in Darfur .
Political unrest , rebel roadblocks , street crime — the warnings are as plentiful as they are disturbing .
The State Department posts travel warnings when “ protracted conditions ” make a country dangerous , according to Michelle Bernier - Toth , director of the department ’s Office of American Citizens Services and Crisis Management .
“ The whole purpose is to make sure people have enough information to plan their travels overseas .
” What you may not know is that many of these countries , despite their failings , market themselves aggressively as tourist destinations .
True , they do n’t do much of that salesmanship in the United States .
But elsewhere , at travel trade shows and in glossy brochures , many of these dangerous — and perhaps not - so - dangerous — places celebrate their attractions , ignore their shortcomings , and generally try to impress travel agents , tour operators , travel writers , and average vacationers .
At the 2009 ITB travel show in Berlin , for instance , the country of Yemen , on the Arabian Peninsula , had a booth where promoters were playing traditional music and offering complimentary maps showing tourist highlights ( the capital city of Sana ’a , for example , is a UNESCO World Heritage site ) .
What the promoters neglected to mention was the violence in 2008 directed at the U.S. Embassy and tourists .
Of course , not all the countries on the State Department warning list are trying to be the next Bali or St. Bart ’s .
Poor little Burundi is still mopping up from its late civil war , for instance .
The Central African Republic has its hands full with a nasty little rebellion in the north , not to mention a plethora of highway bandits on the Berberati - Carnot - Baoro - Bouar - Bozoum road .
Somalia is better known for pirate ships than cruise ships .
Yet plenty of countries are trying to cash in on the profits — and good public relations — that tourism can provide .
But just because a country is listed by the State Department does n’t necessarily mean that it ’s hazardous to your health .
You ’re not likely to be mugged in Eritrea , murdered in Iran , or carjacked in Uzbekistan .
And there can be plenty of upsides to visiting a “ dangerous ” country : Eritrea , for one , has everything from Art Deco buildings to a scenic railroad and a gorgeous coastline .
So do these places deserve your business , or merely a fleeting glimpse of your rapidly disappearing backside ?
It ’s not always an easy call .
The State Department warnings can be as commerce - inhibiting as a big - time critic ’s pan of an overhyped Broadway turkey .
On the other hand , if your safety is at risk , those travel warnings could save your life .
To go or not to go ?
That ’s the question .
You probably saw our article leading up to this event , but if not hit this link ( recaps all the past videos and coverage ) .
All I can say is that this is one of the most highly anticipated videos of the year and it ’s finally here !
I have alot I would like to say about the first Gymkhana Practice video and even more about the Gymkhana
Two project but really I do n’t think it will do it justice .
What ’s so cool is that they took The Infomercial concept and made it truly unique and wildly entertaining .
Ken Block is off the hook !
You will just have to take a look for yourself …
The video is after the jump :
KEN BLOCK GYMKHANA TWO THE INFOMERCIAL
KEN BLOCK GYMKHANA TWO DONUTS AUDIO
KEN BLOCK GYMKHANA TWO PREMIERE PARTY
Source : DC Shoes
読売新聞が中国、ＩＴソースコード強制開示強行へ…国際問題化の懸念と報じたことから、「IT製品のソースコードの開示が強要される」「日本企業は中国から撤退すべきだ」といった極端な拒否反応があちこちで見られる（はてなブックマーク、痛いニュース）。
しかし、実際読売新聞の記事は少々拡大解釈をしている。スラッシュドットのエントリを参考に、もう少し詳しく見てみよう。元ソースは中国部分情報処理のセキュリティ製品に関する強制認証実施の公告であり、昨年12月に読売新聞により正確な解説記事が掲載されている。これを読むと、多くの人が誤解している点が浮かび上がってくる。
【注】本エントリのスコープは中国の強制認証制度に関する正確な情報を伝え、多くの人が誤解している点を正す点にある。中国が信用できるかできないか、ソースコードの流用がなされないか、という懸念に関する議論はスコープ外である*1。
まず第一に、審査対象となるセキュリティ製品は、ファイアウォール、ルータ、ICチップ用OS、OS、データベースなど13品目に限定される（下表）。家電製品や自動車などは対象外だ*2。全てのIT製品のソースコードの開示が求められると誤解している人が多いようだが、そんな事実はない。
強制品目リスト カテゴリ 製品名 1.ボーターセキュリティ ファイアウォール ランカード及びスイッチングハーブ VPN 2.通信セキュリティ ルータ 3.ID 識別及び訪問者管理システム インテレジェントカー ドCOS （ ICチップ 用OS − ChipOperation System） 4.データのセキュリティ データパックアップ及びリーストア 5.ベースプラットフォーム OS データベースシステム 6.内容のセキュリティ 迷惑メール防止製 品 7.分析、監査及び監視、制御 不正アクセス侵入探知システム（アイディーエスIDS） ネットワークの監視システム 操作履歴、ログを収集、分析する製品 8.応用のセキュリティ ファイル改竄検知システム
EAL1 〜3：一般民生用
EAL4 ：政府機関向け
EAL5〜7：軍用レベルほか、政府最高機密機関レベル向け
第二は、こうしたITセキュリティの評価認証は、何も中国だけに限ったことではなく、日本を初めとする世界各国で行われていると言う事実だ。ただし、それは強制ではなく任意であり、認証を受けたい企業が各国のセキュリティ審査機関の審査を受ける（政府調達の場合には認証取得が条件となる場合が多い）。一方、中国はそれを全ての対象製品に強制しているため波紋が生じている
* 3 。 中国強制認証 （CCC）に関しては、 WTO加盟後の中国強制認証( CCC ) 制度の課題及び経済産業省の取り組みについて が参考になる。CCCは国際規格に則り認証され、セキュリティ製品の場合には、
ISO /IEC15408 （CC : Common Criteria）が用いられる。ISO/IEC15408は、セキュリティ製品（ハード/ソフトウェア）およびシステムの開発や製造、運用などに関する国際標準であり、当該製品がセキュアであることに対する抜本的な指標を与える情報セキュリティ評価の国際標準だ。中国独自の謎な判断基準によって認証されるわけではなく、国際標準が用いられるという点はひとまず安心できる点だろう。
問題となっているのは ISO / IEC15408 の8章で述べられている7段階の品質保証レベル（EAL）において、中国が全ての対象製品に求めているレベルがEAL3ないしEAL4の非常に高いレベルにあるという点だ。EALとその用途の分類は大まかにいって次の通りだ。
一般民生用において通常求められるのはEAL1 〜EAL2が大半で、マニュアルや機能仕様の開示に留まる。ところが、EAL3になると詳細な設計仕様、EAL4ではソースコードの開示が求められ、全ての対象製品に審査を強制するには高すぎるレベルが問題となっているのだ。逆に言えば、たとえば政府機関向けの調達品に対してEAL4の審査を求めるのは理に適ったことだし、高度なセキュリティを要求される製品群では自主的にEAL4以上の認証を受けているものも多い。
経済産業省による日本の政府調達指針であるISO/IEC15408を活用した調達のガイドブックの最終ぺージにある、既に評価・認証を受けた製品分類毎の保証レベルを見れば、データベースや、IC、OSの多くの製品でソースコード開示を含むEAL4以上の認証を受けていることが分かる。認証の取得（任意だがセキュリティ製品群では取得が半ば常識）にあたり、ソースコードの開示を要求しているのは何も中国だけに限らない。この部分を理解せず中国を過度に非難している人が多いようだ。高度なセキュリティが求められる製品においては、義務ではなくてもソースコード開示を含むEAL4以上の認証を受けそのセキュリティを保証することが一般的だ。ネット上では「ソースコード開示＝中国ひどい」という反応が多いが、セキュリティ製品におけるソースコード開示は諸外国でも広く行われていることである。問題はソースコード開示それ自体にあるのではなく、全ての対象製品に対して中国の適合性評価機関においてEAL3ないしEAL4の認証取得を義務化している点にある。
ISO / IEC15408 のEAL3およびEAL4の保証コンポーネント規定について抜粋する。ここでTOEは評価対象( target of evaluation ) を指す。
EAL3 EAL3は、完全なセキュリティターゲット及びそのST内のSFRの分析により保証を提供する。この分析は、セキュリティのふるまいを理解するために、機能とインタフェースの仕様、ガイダンス証拠資料、及びTOEの設計のアーキテクチャ記述を使用して行われる。 分析は、TSFの独立テスト、機能仕様及びTOE設計に基づく開発者テストの証拠、開発者テスト結果の選択的で独立した確認、及び基本的な攻撃能力を持つ侵入攻撃者に対する抵抗力を実証する(提供された機能仕様、TOE設計、セキュリティアーキテクチャ記述、及びガイダンス証拠に基づく)脆弱性分析によってサポートされる。 また、EAL3は、開発環境管理の使用、TOE構成管理の使用、及びセキュアな配付手続きの証拠を通して保証を提供する。
このEALは、セキュリティ機能性のさらに完全なテストカバレージ、及びTOEが開発中に改ざんされないというある程度の信頼を提供するメカニズム及び/または手続きを要求することにより、EAL2からの有意義な保証の増加を表す。
EAL4 EAL4は、完全なセキュリティターゲット及びそのST内のSFRの分析により保証を提供する。この分析は、セキュリティのふるまいを理解するために、機能と完全なインタフェースの仕様、ガイダンス証拠資料、TOEの基本モジュール設計の記述、及び実装のサブセットを使用して行われる。 分析は、TSFの独立テスト、機能仕様及びTOE設計に基づく開発者テストの証拠、開発者テスト結果の選択的で独立した確認、及び強化基本的な攻撃能力を持つ侵入攻撃者に対する抵抗力を実証する(提供された機能仕様、TOE設計、実装表現、セキュリティアーキテクチャ記述、及びガイダンス証拠に基づく)脆弱性分析によってサポートされる。 また、EAL4は、開発環境管理の使用、自動化を含む追加のTOE構成管理の使用、及びセキュアな配付手続きの証拠を通して保証を提供する。
このEALは、さらに多くの設計記述、TSF全体に対する実装表現、及びTOEが開発中に改ざんされないという信頼を提供する向上したメカニズム及び/または手順を要求することにより、EAL3からの有意義な保証の増加を表す。
情報技術セキュリティ評価のためのコモンクライテリア
ネット上ではソースコード（実装表現）開示への対抗策として難読化や冗長化、果てはハードウェア化が挙げられていたが、EAL3以上において機能仕様、TOE設計、セキュリティアーキテクチャ記述、及びガイダンス証拠の開示が求められている時点で、ソースコードだけ難読化しても意味がない*4。ソースコードが無くても、EAL3の開示があれば、そのまま外注に実装を依頼すのに十二分だ（率直に言って感動されるレベルだ）。ソースコード開示だけが大きく取り上げられているが、それは全体の一部に過ぎないことを認識しなければならない。
さて、中国への対応として日本が求めているのは品質保証レベルの緩和に加えて、日本の適合性評価機関の承認である。現状、中国は日本の適合性評価機関を認めていないため、中国に輸出しようとする製造者は中国国内の適合性評価機関において評価を受ける必要がある。そこに中国への情報漏洩のリスクがあるわけだが、これを日本国内の適合性評価機関の評価で代えることができれば、情報漏洩のリスクは大きく減少する。運用の透明性が向上する上、適合性評価の迅速化、負担コストの低減も期待できる。こうした相互承認は既に米国、EU、タイ、シンガポール、フィリピンとの間で成立しており、同様の相互承認を中国との間でも確立できればよい。次に前掲のWTO加盟後の中国強制認証(CCC)制度の課題及び経済産業省の取り組みについてから、域外指定型認定制度の理想像を引用する。
以上まとめると次のようになる。
セキュリティ製品のソースコード開示を含む評価認証は世界各国で実施中。ただし他国が政府調達等を除いて任意なのに、中国はすべてに強制。 全てのIT製品が開示の対象になるわけではなく、対象は13品目のセキュリティ製品のみ。
ソースコードだけではなく、詳細な設計仕様の開示が求められるため、ソースコードの難読化・冗長化は意味がない。
自国の適合性評価機関との相互認証の枠組み確立にむけての努力がなされており、中国からの撤退を検討するのは時期尚早。
少なくとも、はてなーはもうちょっと落ち着いたほうがよいと思う。
Los Angeles County public health officials today reported no confirmed cases of swine flu locally but said they were closely monitoring hospitals and schools for signs of the influenza strain .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed 20 cases of the virus nationwide , including seven in California and eight in New York City , according to the CDC ’s website .
All seven California cases have been in San Diego and Imperial counties .
The flu has led to numerous deaths in Mexico .
Dr. Robert Kim - Farley , L.A. County ’s director of communicable disease control and prevention , said that none of the cases in the United States was fatal but that local public health officials " feel that this new strain is of serious concern . "
He added that it would not be " unexpected to see cases occurring in Los Angeles . "
Kim - Farley said county health officials had put their operations center on 24 - hour watch to detect the virus and were keeping a close eye on schools and hospitals .
He said a public health laboratory also had been activated to receive additional specimens from people suspected of having contracted the virus .
He said cases in the United States so far can " be characterized as mild " and that two prescription medications , Tamiflu and Relenza , seemed to be effective in combating the flu strain .
An outbreak of swine flu in Mexico may have contributed to the deaths of as many as 86 people and sickened many others .
Authorities there have closed schools and ordered other emergency health measures to contain the virus .
Cases also have been confirmed in Canada and are suspected in New Zealand , France , Spain and Israel .
Federal officials declared a public health emergency because of the virus .
" That sounds more severe than really it is , " Janet Napolitano , the U.S. Homeland Security secretary , said at a news conference today , according to a transcript of the briefing .
" This is standard operating procedure and allows us to free up federal , state and local agencies and their resources for prevention and mitigation ; it allows us to use medication and diagnostic tests that we might not otherwise be able to use , particularly on very young children ; and it release funds for the acquisition of additional antivirals . "
In San Diego , where the first cases of swine flu in the U.S. were reported last week , health officials reported no new cases Sunday , although they warned that more could be found as investigations continue .
Four cases have been diagnosed in San Diego County , and three people have been diagnosed in the Imperial Valley .
Dr. Wilma Wooten , public health officer for San Diego County , continued to warn residents to take seriously any signs of flu and to stay away from work and seek medical care if they are sick .
Physicians have been asked to report flu cases to county health officials .
U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents at the San Diego and Imperial County border crossings have been alerted to look for persons crossing into the U.S. who appear to have flu symptoms .
Those persons are then sent to a secondary screening process .
In secondary processing , people can be given instructions on finding medical care and , in extreme cases , denied entry .
Agents also have access to masks and gloves both for themselves and for members of the public .
The agency is also in contact with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
So far , no one crossing into the U.S. from Mexico has appeared to have the symptoms of swine flu , officials said .
Jack O’Connell , state superintendent of public instruction , also said today that the public can download posters titled " Keep Our School Healthy " and " Germ - Free Zone " with tips on how to avoid the flu .
They are available in English , Spanish , Vietnamese and other languages .
Kim - Farley of the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health said those with mild illnesses should be staying home .
Anyone with flu - like symptoms — such as a fever , cough or sore throat — who has recently traveled to Mexico should see a doctor .
In a statement posted on the L.A. County department ’s website , agency director Dr. Jonathan E. Fielding said : " We do not suggest any changes in what you would normally do to avoid either getting sick yourself or passing illness to others : if you are sick , stay home ; if your child is sick , do not send him or her to school ; cover your mouth when you cough or sneeze ; wash your hands frequently , especially before eating and after using the restroom ; and do not touch your eyes , nose or mouth with your hands . " -- Ari B. Bloomekatz and Tony Perry
AMD is waving away claims that it plans to pursue the " netbook " category .
Instead , the company said it remains committed to a sweet spot it believes resides between standard notebooks and netbooks : the ultra - thin and ultra - light notebook market .
The ultra thin and light market is n't new , as Jon Peddie , president of Jon Peddie Research points out .
Sony came out with a Vaio 505G notebook in 1998 that fit the bill .
But it had serious shortcomings as well , like a 10 - inch screen .
The concept of an ultra-thin and - light notebook limped along until Apple came along and breathed new life into the market , much like it did with the MP3 player and smart phone .
The MacBook Air made a notebook the size of a magazine look sexy , and others have followed suit .
This is where AMD ( NYSE : AMD ) is aiming , currently with its Neo platform , and in the future with upcoming releases codenamed " Geneva " and " Ontario " .
As AMD sees it , the problem with netbooks is that the low - cost , low - power systems do n't deliver a full PC experience .
" We think we 're going to see a market change where people who may have gone for a netbook spend not a whole lot more money to get an ultra - thin notebook and get a much better experience , " Bob Grim , director of client product marketing at AMD , told InternetNews.com .
" With the ultra - thin market , we see it blending a different set of purchase drivers , where someone desires mobility first , and the experience , the horsepower they need second , " Grim said .
Neo , with its 20 - watt power envelope , is aimed at ultra - thin laptops .
A more powerful core , codenamed " Geneva , " is planned for 2010 , and in 2011 comes the first Fusion - based chip , " Ontario . "
This will be a dual - core CPU plus a GPU , all on the same silicon .
It will have about 1MB of L2 cache and be manufactured on the 32nm process .
But no plans exist for an answer to Intel 's ( NASDAQ : INTC )
Atom processor , which has found converts among many netbook PC manufacturers .
" It 's all about the allocation of resources , " Grim said .
" We have to be careful what we spend our resources on .
We felt there 's more of a future in the ultra - thin space and feel over time people will gravitate toward that space .
So we chose to gravitate there . "
Creating confusion ?
AMD will release a second generation of its ultra - thin chipset platform in the third quarter of this year and expects to expand its partner base .
Its biggest partner now is HP , which sells the dv2 laptop .
But while the company has a clear stance on netbooks , its partners may not .
Grim said he had been at this year 's Computex show in Taiwan , where numerous new hardware designs were on display -- and he noted about half of the OEMs called their Neo - based designs " netbooks , " while the other half said they were " notebooks . "
All of this could lead to confusion in the market , but Grim is n't too worried .
[ cob : Special_Report ]
" Will the lines get blurred ?
Maybe .
So far , we see the purchase drivers of the different form factors holding , " he said .
" With netbook , the primary purchase driver we believe is price , followed by mobility .
With ultra - thin , we see the primary purchase driver being mobility followed by entertainment / visual experience . "
Peddie also said he thinks the lines will be blurred -- on purpose .
" With all the different product categories for the same thing , and the OEMs have to do that to try and get some market differentiation and avoid commoditization , because if the category gets commoditized , then lowest price wins , " he said .
There 's no defining what a netbook is , be it by screen size or processor , because " the marketeers wo n't allow that , " he said .
" As soon as you lay down a line , someone 's going to cross it . "
Peddie added that he thinks AMD 's strategy is " terribly smart . "
" There 's higher margins and [ average selling prices ] in thin and light , and AMD has done a really good job in identifying some holes in the market , " he said .
" The way they present it is there 's a big gaping hole between laptop and netbook , and said , ' We have the right parts for that . ' "
* where fun is great utility
* where profit is a rich storehouse of otherwise unsaveable audio tracks
I was supposed to post this about 8 months ago .
Anyway , being that Last.fm was recently accused of handed over a load of non-anonymized data to the RIAA , I thought it would be fitting to post this info on basically abusing leveraging Last . fm through a combination of the shell - fm client and a program called tee .
This is essentially me linking to someone else 's information , but I put it in a few useful contexts .
Click through to read the full post .
You should read this if any of the following apply :
you appreciate free music , especially via some cool linux hacks
you want to passively generate a potentially massive music library in mp3 format
to not only listen to , but also simultaneously download great potential mixtape songs that you 've never heard before
somewhat random , yet full access to the entire secure last .
fm catalogue of mp3s
to become part of a tiny minority of power users leveraging a great service for a novel purpose
About a year ago ,
The command follows .
There 's
extern = tee " /home/noah / sapphires / %a - %t.mp3 " | aoss madplay - Q - With this , I generated a gigabyte of music over 3 days of casual listening .
Over 300 songs , with many of them among my favorite songs .
How else would I get this so easily ?
Why would you want this ?
You can regenerate a music library from music you 've already scrobbled , but might not have access to .
, but might not have access to .
You 're like me in that when someone asks you to make them a mixtape , you never know what to put on it because your musical taste is so broad .
Your Last .fm profile is pretty well fleshed out , so just run shell - fm with this script for as long as you want the mixtape to be , on the library station for your username , and then burn the mp3s to disc .
See above for more reasons .
Where this does n't work : with filenames that have special characters .
Artists who have filenames like GZA / Genius wo n't get written to disk because it confuses tee .
Heard Iron Bug , " They 're Coming To Town " .
The quotes in the song name also confuse tee .
This may be corrected in the
Many of us listen to enormous quantities of music these days .
Those of us who are smart and cautious tend to back this music up on external hard drives .
Sometimes , multiple redundant hard drives .
Some of us are smart , but not cautious .
We have plenty of music , but it is n't stored with the worst case scenario in mind .
My hard drives crashed in September , right after I moved 500 miles away from home , to live in Columbus , Ohio .
Shortly thereafter , I found a hack here that allowed me to re-generate my music library using my last .
fm profile data and the last .
fm service .
No hard work necessary .
Listen to music ; the collection builds itself .
About a year ago , I wrote about shell - fm , a lightweight Last .
FM client for Linux .
It 's still pretty much the best thing going when it comes to console - based Last .
FM clients .
Being that it 's just a little console app , it 's a lot less bloated than the official last .
fm app .
And personally , I think it 's better looking .
The command follows .
There 's a far more sophisticated version of this available at the external link now , that actually tags the file as it downloads .
I suggest you go and get that one .
With this , I generated a gigabyte of music over 3 days of casual listening .
Over 300 songs , with many of them among my favorite songs .
How else would I get this so easily ?
Why would you want this ?
Where this does n't work : with filenames that have special characters .
Artists who have filenames like GZA / Genius wo n't get written to disk because it confuses tee .
tee interprets this as a directory instead of a filename because of the slash .
Here 's an example of a bad songname : .
The quotes in the song name also confuse tee .
This may be corrected in the newer version discussed briefly above and linked to throughout this post , but I have n't finished testing it out yet .
Lastly , in light of the Last .fm user data scare , I feel I should mention Libre.fm , an open alternative to Last.fm .
It 's in the alpha stage of testing and will even import your user data via this scraping utility
Energy from North Africa Massive European Solar Project Set for Launch
A German -led consortium wants to fund an international solar - energy plan to the tune of 400 billion .
The idea is to gather solar heat in North Africa and send the electricity to Europe .
If it works , it would be the largest green - energy project in the world .
Val Swain and Emily Apple , campaigners against surveillance of police forward intelligence teams , were held in custody for four days after challenging police officer over failure to display badge number
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
" Have you seen the Blues Brothers over there ? " the police surveillance officer said .
" Look – filming everybody else . "
It was supposed to have been a routine day of protest for Val Swain and Emily Apple , but at 1.31 pm on 8 August last year , moments after being spotted by the surveillance unit , they found this was to be no ordinary demonstration .
After challenging a police officer over his failure to display a badge number at a protest against the Kingsnorth power station in Kent , the two women were wrestled to the ground , handcuffed and placed in a police van .
They were held in custody for four days , three of which were spent in HMP Bronzefield .
Swain , 43 , was arrested for assault and obstruction and Apple , 33 , for obstruction .
The charges were later dropped .
The arrests were caught on police surveillance footage obtained by the Guardian and will be submitted to the Independent Police Complaints Commission tomorrow in a complaint lodged by the solicitors firm Tuckers .
Swain , from Cardiff , and Apple , from Cornwall , believe they were unlawfully arrested and detained because they campaign for Fit Watch , a protest group opposed to police forward intelligence teams ( Fits ) , the surveillance units that regularly monitor political activists and demonstrations and meetings .
Fit Watch seeks to " turn the tables " on police with a form guerrilla surveillance : activists film and photograph officers on duty surveillance and upload their details on to a blog .
They also attempt to impede police surveillance by placing banners and placards in front of cameras .
Senior officers argue that Fit units , pioneered by the Metropolitan police , are an essential tool for public order policing and help identify troublemakers at protests .
However ,
Fit techniques – criticised in a recent court of appeal ruling – infuriate protesters , who argue that they are used to harass and intimidate campaigners .
Swain and Apple believe their attempts to monitor police meant they were unfairly targeted .
Between them , they say , they have been arrested for various offences at 11 protests since 2007 , although they have always been acquitted or seen the charges against them dropped .
The pair were immediately spotted by police surveillance officers when they arrived at the Kingsnorth demonstration .
Narrating the surveillance video , the officers called them the " Blue Brothers " in an apparent reference to their outfits .
" Got the Fit Watch people now coming out of the camp , " the officer added as he moved the camera closer .
" All dressed in black hoodies .
Dark glasses . "
His footage reveals that at least four of the officers – part of a team drafted in from West Yorkshire – were not displaying their badge numbers .
It also recorded Apple asking one of the officer to reveal his badge number .
The officer refused .
" Well you do actually have to tell me , " Apple said .
" If someone requests your number – if a member of the public requests your number – you do have to give your number . "
She asked Swain to photograph the officer .
" I 'd like a picture of this officer so I can make a complaint , " she said .
" It 's West Yorkshire police – no number . "
As Swain lifted her camera , a second officer , who was not displaying his badge number , stood in her way and informed the women they would be searched .
They offered no resistance but were wrestled to the ground seconds later .
A third Fit Watch campaigner , Geoff Cornock , a 52 - year - old from Cardiff who was standing nearby , was also pushed to the floor and arrested for obstruction .
He was released on bail the following day .
Cornock 's charges were also dropped , and he is joining the women in their complaint to the IPCC .
Both Swain and Apple were pinned to the ground in restraint positions for around 15 minutes .
Apple had her head pushed into the ground by an officer without a badge number .
Moments later , the same officer placed one hand around her neck in a stranglehold position , apparently attempting to show her face to the police camera .
He then pressed his fingers on pressure points in her neck to move her across the road .
Several metres away , Swain was also being pinned to the ground .
The footage captured her groaning in pain and telling an officer to stop standing on her foot .
The camera panned down to show the officer 's boot clamped on top of Swain 's foot .
The officer said : " I am not on your foot . "
Told in passing that she was being arrested , Swain replied : " For what : taking a photograph ? "
Later , the footage captured Swain complaining about her treatment .
" You have no right to grab someone from inside the climate camp , drag them out here , and tell them that you are arresting them for obstruction , " she said .
She was turned on her side while officers removed her shoes .
Her legs were bound with black leg restraints before several officers carried her into back of a police van .
Apple claimed that , after the pair had been taken to a police station , officers refused her permission speak to a solicitor .
The following morning , Apple and Swain were remanded in custody to Bronzefield women 's prison .
They allege police told magistrates that they feared the pair would cause " physical or mental injury " to officers if they were allowed out on bail .
" I am quite shocked that someone can end up in prison for simply taking a photograph , " Swain said .
" I have a home life .
My children were expecting me home , my partner was expecting me home .
My boss was expecting me to turn up to work .
None of those things happened . "
She said her incarceration contributed to her losing her job as a community development officer .
Apple , whose son was four when she was held , added : " It has got to the stage where every protest is so repressively policed that it 's become impossible to have a voice on the streets . "
The Kent police assistant chief constable , Andy Adams , said yesterday : " We recognise that people have made complaints , and we are dealing with these in accordance with our normal procedures .
" There is a judicial review under way and , during that process , Kent police is unable to comment on individual cases . "
It 's Britain 's most open secret .
Even though it 's illegal , over 15 million people have tried it - including a third of all British teenagers and , by their own admission , a select group of Government ministers .
But in the press there are more and more scare stories about the effects of the drug , and there 's growing debate about whether cannabis should be reclassified as a class B drug .
In Should I Smoke Dope ?
Nicky Taylor , immersive journalist and single mum , embarks on a fact - finding mission to discover more about cannabis .
Her journey mimics most people 's first foray into cannabis culture - and is both funny and sometimes frightening .
In order to separate the science from the fiction , Nicky takes a trip to Amsterdam where she helps out in a coffee shop selling cannabis , and discovers firsthand what the effects of cannabis are on everyday life .
Back in the UK , Nicky finds out about the genetically modified cannabis skunk , which is cheap and increasingly sold on the streets .
Nicky takes part in a groundbreaking medical trial to find out whether the drug can make you mad ; is it worse than alcohol ; and stronger than it used to be ?
Her month long experience is both disturbing and revealing .
It is not as hard to write an essay as you might think it could be .
If anything , the effort required for doing so is not as extensive as some might say .
You can use many pointers to write any kind of paper that stands out .
Use an Attention - Grabbing Introduction
To start , you have to write an introduction that immediately draws in the reader .
This can include details on the topic you want to discuss or the types of statements you want to share .
No matter what you want to share with someone , you have to use an introduction that is appealing and instantly intriguing .
Make a Specific Thesis
The thesis that you plan on using in your discussion should be as specific as possible .
The thesis must be detailed enough to show that you understand the topic and that you have a clear angle to work with .
This thesis may be added during the start of your essay .
Examples Help For an Argument
When writing your paper , you will more than likely have a certain opinion that you want to share .
This argument should be expressed carefully with a good expression of data .
This includes showing examples or evidence relating to your argument .
You can always share hypothetical examples but it is best to try and share information that is as true to life as possible .
Anything that is appealing and useful for your argument will make a difference .
Create Good Transitions
Transitions should be used properly within your work .
Transitions are sentences or words that will move the work from one point to the next .
You can use transitions that connect ideas or show how one idea you introduced early on is relevant to whatever you are going to talk about next .
Such transitions help to show people what you want to discuss without being complicated or jarring in tone .
This especially helps keep people from feeling lost while reading your work .
Concentrate on the Important Parts First and Last
When writing , you have to look at whatever parts of your paper are the most important and what ’s not so essential .
You have to place the most important supporting points to your thesis at the beginning and ending parts of your paper .
When you add these critical parts at the start and end , you will show the reader that you value certain topics and considerations above all others .
For the beginning , you will show the key points that you want to frame an argument around .
At the end , you will show that many of the topics you discussed all contribute to something even more essential and intriguing .
Yawn .
non-OPEC oil production peaked in late 2006 above 41 Mb/ day .
It ’s unlikely we ’ll ever see those production levels again .
It ’s also unlikely , if you follow oil supply , you ’ll be shocked by the revelation .
That said , it ’s worth laying out how this happened .
From 01 January 2003 to the price highs 2008 the price of oil went from 30.00 to 150.00 .
Now let ’s take a look at non-OPEC oil production .
Remember , much of non-OPEC supply is free market oil which leverages the latest technology and benefits from the profit motive .
OPEC supply is about politics , state control , and kingdoms .
non-OPEC supply is about earnings per share , deepwater rigs , and high - tech engineering .
So let ’s take a trip through Econ 101 , where supply always responds to higher prices .
Annual averages of non-OPEC Production in Mb/day
2002 Average 39.520 |
2003 Average 40.299
2004 Average 40.989
2005 Average 40.799
2006 Average 40.850
2007 Average 40.838
2008 Average 40.319
Although monthly production peaked in late 2006 , you can see signature of the first faltering in the annual averages , coming out of 2004 .
That ’s a tell - tale sign of the transition from a legacy inventory of easier oil , which comes out quickly , to a newer inventory of more difficult oil .
If you are not sobered enough by the total lack of supply response , consider this ominous fact : Russia , which is the largest producer in non-OPEC , was able to skyrocket production this decade .
Russia would add another 2 Mb/ day to non-OPEC production in the annual time series above .
Astonishing .
Even though Russia too has now peaked , without Russia ’s massive increase in supply , non-OPEC supply would have fallen into the the bull market in oil !
Tell that to your Econ 101 professor .
In case you do in fact run into your old Econ professor , I ’d like to give readers a simple way to talk about non-OPEC supply .
The next time you ’re talking Oil with friends and family , hit ’em with this :
For six years non-OPEC supply was flat , around 40 + Mb/day .
Even though prices rose from 30.00 to 150.00 .
In fact , without Russia , non-OPEC supply would have fallen .
What happened is that the legacy cheap oil was increasingly replaced by newer , harder , expensive oil .
And now that price has crashed back down , to levels where we began the whole journey ?
The legacy cheap oil is depleted .
The current oil was built upon much higher prices .
So , just as you would expect , non-OPEC supply is on a crash course .
- Gregor
Further Reading :
Ace / Tony Eriksen / The Oil Drum : Non OPEC - 12 Oil Production Peaked in 2004
More than 98 % of supposedly natural and environmentally friendly products on US supermarket shelves are making potentially false or misleading claims , Congress has been told .
And 22 % of products making green claims bear an environmental badge that has no inherent meaning , said Scot Case , of the environmental consulting firm TerraChoice .
The study of nearly 4,000 consumer products found " greenwashing " in nearly every product category – from a lack of verifiable information to outright lies .
Even the experts are confused .
Case , whose firm runs its own Ecologo certification programme , admitted he had bought a refrigerator only to find it failed to meet its claims of energy efficiency .
" My refrigerator used twice as much energy as advertised , " he told members of the House of Representatives committee on commerce , trade and consumer protection .
The hearing amounted to a crash course into the perils of the new green marketplace for the committee .
Congress is looking at how to guide consumers through a thicket of competing claims on so - called greenness .
One problem is proliferation – both of products claiming to be green and of certification programmes purporting to back up those claims .
The interest in products that do not poison water or air , create unnecessary waste or unduly add to the effects of climate change has defied class divisions and the economic recession .
In its company surveys , Wal - Mart , the chain of low - cost megastores , found that 57 % of its customers professed to be concerned about the environment .
There is a constantly expanding pool of products to choose from .
About 33 % of all new food products launched in 2008 claimed to be " natural " , Dara O'Rourke , a professor in environmental policy at the University of California , Berkeley , and founder of the GoodGuide , told the recent hearing .
But with around 300 competing environmental certification programmes , shoppers are bombarded by irrelevant or deceptive labels touting the green , natural , eco-friendly , recyclable and non -toxic properties of goods .
It is virtually impossible to sort through the claims , said Urvashi Rangan , of the Consumers Union .
" We 've got to get rid of the green noise , " she said .
" Vague and misleading terms should not be allowed . "
Labels do not generally say whether products contain recycled content , or how far they travelled from factory to shelf .
Rangan singled out " non-toxic " , " natural " , and " fragrance free " as misleading claims , because the federal government has never set a precise standard for manufacturers to meet .
" Personal care products are the Wild West , " she said .
Reading the fine print on labels will not necessarily help either .
Companies are not required to disclose the use of some substances believed to be dangerous – such as phthalates , which can cause birth defects and hormone abnormalities and are widely used , from baby bottles to cleaners and cosmetics .
The makers of household cleaners are also not required by law to list every chemical in the bottle so long as it is below a certain level .
" Almost none of these companies disclose the ingredients in these products , " O'Rourke told Congress .
" We do n't know what is in them .
We do n't what the plastic is made of .
" And as Case eventually discovered , even the most seemingly reliable certifications cannot be trusted .
Case told the Congress hearing he bought his LG Electronics refrigerator in 2007 , reassured by its Energy Star rating .
The seal , from the department of energy , is supposed to be awarded to appliances that consume at least 20 % less electricity than a standard appliance .
This spring , he got a letter saying that his fridge did not , after all , qualify for Energy Star status because LG , in its process of " self - certification " , had strayed from the efficiency guidelines set by the department of energy .
Michael Paul Stephenson was a 10 - year - old schoolboy when he was cast to star in a film called Goblins , which was being shot near his home in Utah .
" As a child , I thought it was the best thing that ever happened to me , " Stephenson remembers .
" I was going to be a star - I was making the next Gremlins ! "
The film never came to his nearest cinema .
It went straight to video , and it was n't called Goblins any more ; it had become Troll 2 , even though it contained no trolls and had no connection to the 1986 movie Troll .
Stephenson first watched the film on videotape when he was 11 .
" Even though I was young , I was very aware that this was something different than a good movie , " he says .
That 's putting it mildly : Troll 2 is now hailed as one of the best bad films ever made .
It has become a cult hit through fan parties and cinema screenings ; for a long time it was No 1 on the IMdB 's list of the worst 100 films .
The cult is poised to grow even larger thanks to Best Worst Movie , Stephenson 's documentary about the Troll 2 phenomenon , which had its world premiere last month at the SXSW film conference and festival in Austin , Texas .
Why are so many people lining up to see a documentary about a bad film ?
Because the film really is spectacularly bad .
Troll 2's plot follows an American family on holiday in a remote town called Nilbog ( goblin spelled backward ) , where vegetarian goblins are trying to turn people into plants and eat them .
Young Joshua Waits ( Stephenson ) saves the day with help from his dead grandfather and a baloney sandwich .
If the plot sounds dire , add terrible performances from first - time actors , a cheesy 80s soundtrack , low - budget latex masks and a sex scene in a popcorn - filled camper van .
Then there 's the dialogue .
( Sample line : " I 'm the victim of a nocturnal rapture .
I have to release my lowest instincts with a woman . " )
But that can partly be explained by the fact that the creative team - Italian director Claudio Fragasso ( working under the alias Drake Floyd ) and his screenwriter wife Rosella Drudi - were n't native English speakers .
" It was the perfect maelstrom of events to create this unintentional comedy , " Stephenson says .
" Everyone wanted to make a good film and we failed .
You ca n't replicate that . "
Drudi , who is currently in Sicily preparing to shoot a new film with Fragasso , clarifies in an email interview that Troll 2 was " always intended ... to be a comic film " not a horror movie , as MGM tried to position it .
" Perhaps the European irony is difficult for Americans to understand , " she adds .
Ironic or not , the film now has legions of fans .
Stephenson says : " About three and a half years ago , I started getting MySpace messages from Troll 2 fans telling me they loved the film .
My first thought was , ' Is this a joke ? ' "
No joke .
Fans had discovered the film through late - night cable TV airings and old VHS tapes passed from friend to friend , before the public screenings started .
The film has now been shown everywhere from Los Angeles to the Green Zone in Iraq .
Troll 2 has even had its own festival : the three - day Nilbog Invasion in Morgan , Utah in June 2008 .
Fragasso still appears to be coming to terms with his film 's new status .
In Best Worst Movie , he seems heartened that US audiences have finally embraced Troll 2 , before realising they are actually embracing the film 's awfulness .
" I did a very good movie , " Fragasso says , before somewhat half - heartedly adding : " Being considered the worst movie is almost as much a compliment as being considered the best .
It means I 've made an impression . "
Drudi confirms that she and Fragasso are actively planning Troll 3 .
She says the script will be " funnier , crazier and more ironic " , and will pick up 20 years after the first film .
Will it happen ?
George Hardy , who starred as Joshua 's father and is now a successful Alabama dentist , says he would love to act in the sequel .
But he 's not sure if Troll 2's unintentional magic can be recaptured .
He asks : " How do you catch lightning in a bottle twice ? "
Python 3.1
Python 3.1 has been superseded by 3.1.1 .
You can download 3.1.1 .
Python 3.1 final was released on June 27th , 2009 .
Python 3.1 is a continuation of the work started by Python 3.0 , the new backwards - incompatible series of Python .
Improvements in this release include :
An ordered dictionary type
Various optimizations to the int type
New unittest features including test skipping and new assert methods .
A much faster io module
Tile support for Tkinter
A pure Python reference implementation of the import statement
New syntax for nested with statements
See these resources for further information :
Passive - aggressive ?
Oh , heavens no !
These are just a few selfless public service announcements .
From an office in Oregon …
New Zealand …
and Kentucky …
related :
The overly friendly coworker : ruining your day since you held the elevator for her that one time
Tags
Practically since the beginning of the " reform and opening " period in 1978 , China 's central government has sought to shift from an extensive to an intensive development model — from growth based on capital accumulation to growth based on improvements in productivity .
This year , however , while the planners continue to talk about the need for this long - sought - after transformation , they are moving in exactly the opposite direction , counting heavily on state - sponsored investment to keep the economy growing in the wake of the global financial crisis .
This is not surprising as they have had little success in transforming China 's mode of growth , even under much more favorable circumstances .
While this objective has been emphasized in every five - year plan since 1981 , gross - fixed - capital formation has risen from 33 % of nominal GDP in that year ( as calculated by the expenditure method ) to 42 % in 2007 .
A Missed Opportunity
Perhaps the best opportunity there has been to make progress on this issue came in 2001 , the first year of the tenth five - year plan , which called for " taking structural adjustment as the main line . "
At that point , it could be argued , China had reached the level of self - sufficiency in industrial raw materials necessary for such a strategy to be feasible .
And by then the unsustainability of the traditional model was already quite clear .
In an address to the March 2001 meeting of the National People 's Congress , premier Zhu Rong - ji even went so far as to say that " further development will be impossible without adjustment . "
Continued investment - driven growth , he argued , would only result in excess supply and put an unsupportable burden on China 's resource base and natural environment .
But even with such unambiguous central - government backing , no adjustment was forthcoming .
In fact , from 2001 to 2007 the ratio of gross - fixed - capital formation to GDP actually rose by four percentage points .
And despite the tenth plan 's call to reduce overproduction , redundant investment has led to severe overcapacity in a number of sectors .
Excess capacity has been estimated at 50 % or more for automobiles , ferrous alloys , and semiconductors , and 30 % for steel .
The latter translates into about 180 million tons per annum — greater than total US annual production !
Chinese economists generally attribute this policy failure to the difficulty of " system reform " — administrative change designed to increase the efficiency of the state sector — but seldom have much to say about why this is so hard to achieve .
Their reticence on this point is not surprising , as the root of the problem is China 's authoritarian regime itself .
Decentralized Knowledge
Any attempt at economic rationalization will inevitably meet with strong resistance from powerful people who stand to benefit from preserving the status quo .
For example , local officials have for years blocked attempts to close small , inefficient plants that create economic growth in their jurisdictions and thereby improve their career prospects .
Similarly , central government directives to avoid redundant infrastructure projects are often all but impossible to carry out because of the opportunities such investment affords the well - connected to " wet their beaks . "
A more fundamental problem has to do with the nature of intensive growth itself .
Unlike extensive growth , which is at least amenable to central planning , the innovation required for intensive growth relies on what Hayek referred to in his seminal 1945 paper on " The Use of Knowledge in Society " as " knowledge of the particular circumstances of time and place . "
This type of knowledge , he pointed out , is " dispersed among many different individuals " and " by its nature cannot enter into statistics and therefore cannot be conveyed to any central authority in statistical form . "
Thus , as the Austrian economist Randall Holcombe put it in his 1998 article , " Entrepreneurship and Economic Growth , " " central planning precludes entrepreneurship , which is necessarily decentralized in nature . "
Clearly the central government cannot carry out a strategy based on improving productivity growth in the same way that it could implement an extensive growth policy such as increasing petrochemical production or expanding the railway network .
Intensive growth can really only be carried out by the " man on the spot " ( as Hayek put it ) as only he is in a position to notice the opportunities for the necessary innovation .
The Leadership of the Party
Not only this , he must also have the right incentives , and in China these are often missing .
While there is no shortage of Chinese entrepreneurs , their efforts tend to be directed as much toward improving relationships with local officialdom as with increasing economic efficiency .
In many cases , as Mises wrote in 1949 of the totalitarian systems of his day , " social competition manifests itself in the endeavors of people to court the favor of those in power " rather than in attempts to build a better mousetrap .
While Chinese officials continue to emphasize the " new " strategy of moving towards intensive growth there is thus no reason to expect that this will be possible even once the situation has gotten " back to normal " and infrastructure spending is no longer necessary to support the economy .
The problem is not really economic but political .
And as long as " the leadership of the Party " and " Marxism , Leninism , Mao Ze-dong thought " remain enshrined in the preamble to the Chinese constitution , the solution is likely to remain as elusive as ever .
Rebels say a new prime minister could be in Downing Street by first week of July and able to complete three weeks as leader before summer recess
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Rebels organising to unseat Gordon Brown have put together a detailed timetable for his removal that would see him turfed out of Downing Street in the first week of July .
The rebels have been told by two former and one current member of Labour 's national executive committee that the timescale for a challenge to the prime minister could be shrunk to as little as 23 days .
If that happened , a new prime minister would be in Downing Street by as early as 2 July and able to complete three weeks as leader before parliament breaks for the summer recess .
Rebels believe the truncated timetable will be key to persuading cabinet colleagues of the wisdom of joining a plot to unseat Brown .
One of the reasons they believe some have resisted is the fear of a long , drawn - out process that would run into the autumn , with Labour ceding more ground to the Tories .
One rebel said : " This is the most significant week in the history of the Labour party . "
The Guardian revealed today the rebels ' plans for a round robin letter calling for Brown to step down .
The news followed the surprise resignation of the communities secretary , Hazel Blears , just 24 hours after Jacqui Smith , the home secretary , said she would quit .
The rebels began consulting some weeks ago , and have been told by one current and two former party officials , all with expert knowledge of the party 's constitution , that it would be within the rules to eliminate the 17 - day process of soliciting supporting nominations from the process of electing a new leader .
Here 's how events could pan out , according to the rebels :
4 June : Local and European election polling day .
5 June : Results from local elections ; pressure mounts on Brown .
7 June : European election results expose the full scale of the electoral defeat suffered by Brown .
9 June :
The prime minister is forced from office .
10 June : Labour 's ruling national executive committee would meet and a new timetable would be announced .
The rebels have told the Guardian they think , and some senior trade union officials have even suggested to them , that the trade union involvement could be cut out altogether .
The advice of the three officials has assured the rebels that their shortened schedule would be " waterproofed " against legal challenge by the prime minister .
11 June :
The parliamentary Labour party would meet and nominate their chosen new leader on the Thursday
12 June : Nominations for leader close .
16 June : Leadership ballot papers are distributed .
29 June : Selection of the new leader at a special conference held by the Labour party
2 July : Brown would formally resign and the new prime minister would be installed .
8 July : First prime minister 's questions for the new leader
21 July Parliament breaks for the summer recess .
The whole timetable is 22 days shorter than the Tony Blair - Gordon Brown succession timetable , which was 45 days ( 10 May– 25 June ) .
Microsoft's Vision of the Future ( Parody )
Microsoft envisions mental implants , touch screen newspapers and a phone you can lose even more easily now .
Sharing LittleBigPlanet levels with your friends and strangers will soon be a lot easier , with a web - based portal on the way that will allow players to queue up levels using a handy web link .
Media Molecule is hard at work creating a portal that will allow players to share their creations with a custom URL .
At the moment , sharing a LittleBigPlanet level involves giving other players your PlayStation Network handle and then having them search in - game for the particular level you wished to share .
Well that inconvenience will soon be a thing of the past .
Speaking to 1UP at the Nordic Game Conference this week , Media Molecule co-founder Alex Evans explained that the soon to be launched portal will allow players to share their creations with a custom URL .
“ Rather than going on forums and saying , ‘ Please search for my level , ’ you can just say , ‘ Here ’s a link . ’ ”
Clicking on the link will send the level to a queue , which will download the next time you start up the game .
The portal will also feature leaderboards , pictures , and level comments , with an application programming interface that will allow users to create custom LittleBigPlanet applications .
Not only is the ability to share levels via links great for players , it ’s also perfect for gaming blogs that wish to share particular creative levels with their readers .
Now i know this is great news for all of us , Ca n’t wait for it to be release !
Web - based level - sharing portal coming to LittleBigPlanet [ 1UP ]
[ Via Kotaku ]
Thursday 's $ 1.92 million file - sharing verdict against a Minnesota mother of four could provide copyright reform advocates with a powerful human symbol of the draconian penalties written into the nearly - 35 year old Copyright Act .
Then again , maybe not .
A Minnesota federal jury stung Jammie Thomas - Rasset with the enormous fine after concluding she infringed copyrights on 24 music tracks by sharing them on the Kazaa peer - to - peer network .
It was the defendant 's second trial :
The first ended in a $ 222,000 verdict for the same songs , but was nullified after the judge presiding over the case said he provided faulty jury instructions that favored the recording industry .
But the retrial only put the defiant Thomas - Rasset deeper in debt than before , and sparked a popular backlash on blogs and Twitter .
Now would - be copyright reformers are hoping to turn the stratospheric judgment into a rallying cry for action in Washington .
" The verdict will give ammunition to lawyers , academics and judges who want to impose a constitutional limit on statutory damages , " says Ben Sheffner , a copyright attorney who writes the Copyrights & Campaigns blog .
There 's no doubt that a multi-million dollar judgment over $ 24 worth of music provides the clearest example yet of the abuses made possible by the 1976 Copyright Act , which Congress modified in 1999 , at the behest of Hollywood and the recording industry , to carry a maximum penalty for a single infringement of up to $ 150,000 .
That statutory penalty was intended to bankrupt large - scale commercial pirating operations , like organized DVD and CD bootleggers ; not to put individuals like Thomas - Rasset in debt for the rest of their lives .
The verdict comes against a backdrop of rising opposition to such outrageous fines , from the judge presiding over the Thomas - Rasset case to the blogosphere and legal scholars .
In a file - sharing case pending in Massachusetts , Harvard 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society is arguing that the maximum $ 150,000 fine per infringement is unconstitutionally excessive in violation of due process and the prohibition on cruel - and - unusual punishment .
The Obama administration weighed in on that case to support such huge damages , taking the same position as the Bush administration .
And legal scholars at the University of California at Berkeley are proposing a rewrite of the Copyright Act .
In a forthcoming research paper , fellow Tara Wheatland and Berkeley scholar , Pamela Samuelson , argue that juries and judges need more congressional guidance when it comes to their deliberations on damages .
" We know of no other area of law in which judges and juries are given such open - ended discretion to award up to $ 150,000 in damages without any burden of proof on plaintiff to prove the fact or extent of the harms they suffered , " the duo write in Statutory Damages in Copyright Law : A Remedy in Need of Reform .
In an e-mail interview , Wheatland said that the award in the Thomas - Rasset case was " wildly disproportionate to the amount of actual damages conceivably inflicted by her conduct , and is far more than would be necessary to deter her and others like her from engaging in peer - to - peer file sharing . "
Even the judge who presided over Thomas - Rasset 's trials , U.S. District Judge Michael Davis , wrote last year that the original penalty was too high .
Now lawyers for the woman – if they do n't broker a settlement with the Recording Industry Association of America – are likely to go before Davis to attack the award .
If they take Berkman 's approach , they have a big hurdle : The U.S. Supreme Court once rejected a cruel - and - unusual challenge to a 50 - year prison term received by a California man caught shoplifting golf clubs .
Copyright expert Fred von Lohmann of the Electronic Frontier Foundation noted in a recent blog post that under a Supreme Court precedent , the justices have concluded that punitive damages , generally , should be no higher than nine times the actual damages .
The case is not squarely on - point with Thomas - Rasset 's , where the award was based on the statute , and not an arbitrary number intended purely to punish a defendant .
But assuming each download in the Thomas - Rasset case is valued at $ 1 , her judgment is at a ratio of a stunning 800,000 - to - 1 .
It 's easy to see a congressman or congresswoman – from a state other than California – grilling a recording industry executive on CSPAN about the fundamental unfairness of the Thomas - Rasset award .
But the image begins to fade when one considers the full facts of the case .
She 's not quite the poster child for change .
Confronted with powerful evidence of infringement , Thomas - Rasset concocted two ludicrous defenses for both trials .
At the first , she said a hacker must have hijacked her home wireless connection , even though she did n't own a wireless router .
At the second trial last week , she testified that her children may have been the culprits .
And in the discovery phase of the proceedings , she was caught turning over a different hard drive than the one used at the time of the infringements .
And both trials occurred only after she rejected settlement offers twice , one as low as $ 5,000 .
A key element of the Free Jammie meme – that she was only caught sharing 24 songs – is misleading .
That 's all the RIAA sued her for , but the industry 's investigators picked those 24 songs from her Kazaa library of 1,700 tracks .
The Recording Industry Association of America , which brought the case , has said it is winding down its 5 - year - old litigation campaign , which has snagged some 30,000 defendants .
Most all have settled out of court for a few thousand dollars .
So far , Thomas - Rasset was the only one to go to trial .
Ronald Rosen , the author of Music and Copyright , a treatise on copyright law published last year , suggested the verdict in the Thomas - Rasset case was , indeed , too high .
But in the end , he claims , it was generally consistent with Congress ' intent in passing and fortifying the Copyright Act .
" It was really to stop people from infringing , " Rosen says .
" There 's always been good lobbying on behalf of Hollywood and the record industry and so forth .
Congress just felt people should be discouraged from copying , and the creators should n't suffer . "
Even at $ 80,000 - a- song , Jammie Thomas - Rasset 's verdict may not be enough to change lawmakers ' minds .
Image : A downcast Jammie Thomas , right , leaves the federal courthouse with her attorney after losing her first civil trial in 2007 .
( AP Photo / Julia Cheng )
See Also :
