Zero Gravity Corp , via Associated Press
AFLOAT
The astrophysicist Stephen Hawking goes weightless in a special jet .
I think we 're all in agreement that Google 's Android mascot is as cute as a button , but believe me — you have never seen him flex his muscle quite like this before .
Video of his technical smarts downstairs ...
Advertisement
The hardware was made by Reo Matsumura , and Hideyuki Takei was behind the software which sends the commands to the robot from an Android phone over Bluetooth .
Check out the video below , and if you fancy the Android ' bot so much that the desire to download hi-res images of it chowing down on a biscuit completely overpowers you , then you 're in for a treat on Flickr here .
[ Karakuri via Recombu ]
Much has been made of a recent Facebook " leak " which allegedly disclosed information on over 100 million Facebook users .
What some reports have failed to highlight , however , is that the information was already public to begin with .
Security researcher Ron Bowes wrote a Ruby script that downloads information from Facebook 's user directory , a searchable index of public profile pages .
The directory does not expose a user 's entire profile and only exposes information that the user has allowed Facebook to make public .
This includes names , profile images , and small sampling of the user 's friends .
Users can opt out of inclusion in the search , but could potentially still appear on the directory page of a friend who is searchable .
Bowes got the idea of spidering the data so that he could collect statistics about the most common names .
Such statistical information is n't sensitive at all and does n't pose any security threat to Facebook users .
The data could be useful , however , for building automated account cracking software that is generic and not specific to Facebook .
This is because a list of the most common names can be used to assemble a good dictionary of potentially popular usernames for use in brute - force tools that attempt to identify and crack user accounts .
There are a number of other public data sources that are commonly culled to obtain the same kind of statistical information for security research purposes .
One example is the Social Security Administration 's index of popular baby names .
What makes the Facebook data particularly good is that it's a global index of first and last name pairs .
By putting together the first initial and last name of the users and analyzing the frequency of the output , Bowes constructed what he believes to be a compelling list of most common potential usernames :
129,369 jsmith
79,365 ssmith
77,713 skhan
75,561 msmith
74,575 skumar
72,467 csmith
71,791 asmith
67,786 jjohnson
66,693 dsmith
66,431 akhan
Bowes wanted to contribute the data to the Ncrack project , which is building an open source tool that makes it easy to test a system 's susceptibility to brute - force login attacks .
He realized that there might be broader interest in the data set among security researchers , so he decided to put it in a torrent and make it available to everyone .
He also hoped that it would help raise awareness among regular users of the fact that Facebook makes basic user information available through its directory .
This incident does n't represent a breach of Facebook 's security , because the information is made public by design .
It highlights , however , the importance of keeping an eye on your social networking privacy settings and understanding how your personal information is used .
Many users might not realize that their names and photos are accessible in Facebook 's public user directory .
CSN to carry Games 3,4,5 of Calder Cup finals
Hershey Bears fans will be able to watch the Caps ' minor league affiliate in the AHL's Calder Cup finals live on Comcast SportsNet , the network announced today .
Here 's part of the news release :
Comcast SportsNet 's live game coverage of the best - of - seven championship series will feature Hershey 's three road contests from Cedar Park , Texas , which are scheduled for Monday , June 7 at 8:30 p.m. , Wednesday , June 9 at 8:30 p.m. and Friday , June 11 at 8:30 p.m. , if necessary .
The broadcasts will feature Hershey Bears play - by - play announcer John Walton and Gregg Mace , who will serve as color analyst and sideline reporter .
The Texas Stars took a 1 - 0 series lead with Thursday night 's 2 - 1 victory in Hershey .
Game 2 is Saturday at 7 p.m .
Outrage as Botswana Bushmen denied access to water
July 21 , 2010
Todays ruling is a blow to the Bushmen .
Xoroxloo Duxee died of dehydration in 2005 .
© Survival International
There was outrage today as Botswana ’s High Court denied the Kalahari Bushmen access to water .
The Judge ruled that the Bushmen were not entitled to access an existing water borehole on their lands or to drill a new one inside the Central Kalahari Game Reserve , one of the driest regions in the world .
The hearing of the case was held on June 9 , but the judge reserved his ruling until today .
The ruling is a blow to the Bushmen who have struggled without water since 2002 when the Botswana government sealed and capped a borehole to drive them out of the reserve .
In 2006 , the forced evictions of the Bushmen were declared illegal and unconstitutional by the High Court , and hundreds have since returned to their lands .
Despite the ruling , the government banned the Bushmen from re-commissioning the borehole , leaving them to face what the UN ’s top official on indigenous peoples , James Anaya , described as , ‘ harsh and dangerous conditions due to a lack of access to water ’ .
At the same time , Wilderness Safaris opened a luxury tourist lodge , complete with bar and swimming pool , on Bushman land ; the government drilled new boreholes in the reserve to provide water for wildlife with funding from the Tiffany & Co Foundation ; and Gem Diamonds was given environmental clearance to mine in the reserve on condition the Bushmen could not use any of its water .
Bushmen are also being prevented from bringing water to their relatives inside the reserve .
Bushman spokesman , Jumanda Gakelebone , said , ‘ This is very bad .
If we do n’t have water , how are we expected to live ?
The court gave us our land , but without the borehole , without water , our lives are difficult . ’
Survival ’s director , Stephen Corry , said today , ‘ In the last ten years Botswana has become one of the harshest places in the world for indigenous peoples .
If Bushmen are to be denied water on their lands when it is freely provided for tourists , animals , and diamond mines , then foreigners should be asked if they really want to support this regime with their visits and jewellery shopping . ’
» The full text of the Court ’s judgement – pdf 1.4mb
Note to editors : the Bushmen ’s lawyer is available for interview .
A common misconception about so - called " hipsters " is that they are a modern phenomenon .
A little known fact , hipsters emerged during the early Cambrian period around 500 million years ago and they 've been listening to bands you 've never heard of and spending hours making themselves look like they just got out of bed ever since .
The goal of this blog is to chronicle major events in history in which hipsters have appeared and left their mark .
Plaid Theme by David Kang
Until the 1970s , the U.S. was a major oil - producing nation and its foundational economy , though much more diversified , had important similarities to today ’s Russia , Saudi Arabia and Brazil .
The U.S. blessing was to discover its oil early in the industrial revolution and to figure out how to mass produce it at the dawn of the age of the internal combustion engine .
The U.S. was never a victim of the “ oil curse ” that can bring corruption and over - dependence on the single and singular resource but , like other governments , it paid its best energy industry protection money to keep the power coming .
In the early years , the biggest pay - off to oil was simply the ignoring of all the dreadful environmental harm it did as it expanded its production .
There are deserts in California and lowlands in East Texas and Louisiana , for instance , that were drilling field dumps in the days of abundance and now , decades later , remain toxic .
( The coal industry got the same pay - off : The nation turned away from the killing the mining of coal did so as to go on burning it without paying for the lives it took . )
Later , the government instituted an oil depletion allowance that permitted oil companies to deduct a portion of their production from their taxes despite the fact that the inventory being depleted was the shared deep earth wealth of the nation that was giving the tax deduction .
Today , they call such a tax break a subsidy .
The U.S. rode the wave of its oil abundance and the ingenuity of its auto industry to world economic dominance from the 1920s to the 1940s and the Western World won its wars with fascism and communism on the strength of U.S. oil and on Russia ’s failure to dodge the oil curse .
( All the while , the U.S. – and the industrial world – built modernity on the rock solid foundation of dirty coal that was only cheap because the poor and the disenfranchised paid the price for the getting of it . ) :: continue ::
click to enlarge
Oil kept flowing in the U.S. in the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s , despite the waning of U.S. reserves , because the oil companies went to the Middle East , harvested the wealth and paid the people there little enough to keep domestic gasoline cheap .
When some Middle Eastern leaders demanded the U.S. companies pay fair royalties , the U.S. Congress kept the oil flowing by providing the companies with the golden gimmick that allowed them to deduct from their taxes what was paid in foreign royalties .
Today , they call such a tax break a subsidy .
The federal government was fine with paying the oil industry to keep the oil coming because by doing so they were keeping the economy growing .
That ’s not unlike the corner grocery man paying thugs to keep the streets clear when the thugs threaten to otherwise interrupt to his business traffic .
That ’s called a protection racket .
Oil is still a fundamental element of the U.S. economy but it has become a mixed blessing .
The cost of paying off is so high that it is preventing economy - boosting New Energy growth to emerge .
The same thing happened in the 1980s and 1990s but in those days oil and gas were so cheap that the payoffs were equitable .
The failure of the Reagan administration to fund New Energy R&D combined with subsidized low oil and gas prices kept the New Energies non-viable – until now .
The New Energies have not only shown they are now viable , they have shown they will be key elements in a thriving 21st century economy .
The sun , the wind , flowing waters , the earth ’s deep heat and natural waste are recognized around the world as vital sources of tomorrow ’s energy .
At the same time , the costs of subsidizing oil and coal are so high , as is detailed in Energy Subsidies : Getting the Prices Right , from the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , the pay off is too burdensome for the limited protection they offer .
The IEA preview analysis of fossil fuel subsidies comes as the result of a request for a study by the leaders of the G - 20 nations , spurred by President Obama , at their 2009 meeting .
The full report will be presented at the 2010 G - 20 summit .
It has been a tough season for the fossil fuels .
With any luck , the trend will continue .
Though the nation and the world will not be able to do without them for some decades , it is healthy to see them for what they are .
click to enlarge
This post is based on Energy Subsidies : Getting the Prices Right ( 7 June 2010 , International Energy Agency )
Click thru for more on this and more NewEnergyNews
We are , once again , live at the Financial Times with a critique of Jean - Claude Trichet .
They removed my first two paragraphs -- the ones in which I attempted to delegitimize everybody who is not an economic historian .
Here they are :
One of the embarrassing dirty little secrets of economics is that there is no such thing as economic theory properly so - called .
There is simply no set of foundational bedrock principles on which one can base calculations that illuminate situations in the real world .
Biologists know that every cell runs off instructions for protein synthesis encoded in its DNA .
Chemists start with what the Heisenberg and Pauli principles plus the three - dimensionality of space tell us about stable electron configurations .
Physicists start with the four fundamental forces of nature .
Economists have none of that .
The " economic principles " underpinning their theories are a fraud -- not bedrock truths but mere knobs twiddled and tunes so that th right conclusions come out of the analysis .
What are the " right " conclusions ?
It depends on what type of economist you are , for three are two types .
One type chooses , for non-economic and non-scientific reasons , a political stance and a political set of allies , and twiddles and tunes their assumptions until they come out with conclusions that please their allies and their stance .
The other type takes the carcass of history , throws it into the pot , turns up the heat , and boils it down , hoping that the bones and the skeleton that emerge will teach lessons and suggest principles that will be useful to voters , bureaucrats , and politicians as they try to guide our civilization as it slouches toward utopia .
( You will not be surprised to learn that I think that only this second kind of economist has any use at all . )
And here is the rest of my critique :
What lessons does history have to teach us about Jean - Claude Trichet ’s call for immediate , rapid , and substantial fiscal and monetary retrenchment and austerity -- about his full - throated endorsement of the agenda of the Pain Caucus ?
Well , history tells us that there are times and circumstances when countries ’ refusal to listen to calls for retrenchment and austerity has led to economic disaster .
Times when a country ’s supply of savings is inelastic and more government borrowing leads to sharp rises in and high real interest rates are times in which government budget deficits have drained the pool of savings , reduced private investment , and slowed growth -- as they did in the U.S. in the second Reagan and the first Bush administration .
Times when monetary and fiscal laxity leads to an expectation that government debt will be monetized and to rapid rises in inflation expectations are times in which policy has made a deep recession to restore price stability inevitable -- as happened in the U.S. in the Nixon , Ford , and Carter administrations .
And times when irrational exuberance on the part of foreign investors leads a country ’s public or private sector to borrow heavily in foreign currency , it needs to pre-emptively retrench before foreign investor exuberance wears off , or else -- as happened to East Asia in 1997 - 8 , to Mexico in 1994 - 5 , or to Argentina innumerable times since 1890 .
The first key to the current situation , I believe , is that none of the core economies of the Global North - - not France and Germany which are the heart of Eurozone , not Britain , not the United States , and not Japan - - are in any of these three positions right now .
All of the mechanisms and channels that have in the past made countries regret their failure to pursue policies of retrenchment and austerity are inactive .
There are no clear and present dangers that would be fended off by retrenchment and austerity right now .
What else does history tell us ?
It tells us that in 1925 Chancellor of the Exchequer Winston Churchill was ill - served when he rejected the arguments of John Maynard Keynes and accepted the arguments of his Treasury staff that Britain required retrenchment and austerity : Churchill thus gave Britain a three - year head start on suffering from the Great Depression .
It tells us that from 1930 - 1936 the belief of government after government of France ’s Third Republic that if only they retrenched a little longer that the confidence of world capital markets in France would be so great that it could escape the Great Depression unscathed : the length of the Great Depression and the class war thus engendered in France weakened it enormously in the late 1930s -- it is hard to stand up for freedom when the graffiti on the banks of the Seine reads “ better Hitler than Leon Blum . ”
It teaches us that Weimar German SPD leader Rudolf Hilferding was extremely ill - advised to commit the SPD to policies of retrenchment and austerity when his labour economist Wladimir Woytinsky was calling for the SPD to develop a plan for a New Deal for Germany .
And it teaches us that in his memoirs U.S. President Herbert Hoover , who was bitter about many things , was bitterest that he had let Treasury Secretary Andrew Mellon hamstring Hoover ’s progressive impulses and lead the Hoover administration to policies of retrenchment and austerity .
History teaches us that when none of the three clear and present dangers that justify retrenchment and austerity -- interest - rate crowding - out , rising inflationary pressures on consumer prices , national overleverage via borrowing in foreign currencies -- are present , you should not retrench and austerity : do n’t call the fire truck when there is no smoke .
And history teaches us that when economies suffer from high unemployment , enormous excess capacity , incipient deflation , businesses terrified of a lack of customers , and an enormous excess demand for high quality assets , then is the time for expansion and stimulus : when the deck is awash , start bailing .
Yet Jean - Claude Trichet rejects these counsels of history .
He seems to me to place himself in the position of , as British interwar bureaucrat R.G. Hawtrey described his precedessors at the start of the Great Depression , somebody : “ crying ‘ Fire ! Fire ! ’ in Noah ’s flood . ”
It has been somewhat in vogue recently among a certain class of indie game designer to assert that games are not a good storytelling medium .
Now , I have never made a secret of my views on dialog and other narrative techniques in games .
While interactivity is of course central to any gaming experience , that is no license to make games meaningless .
Done right , narrative gives context and meaning to our actions in - game , and provides a valuable experience in its own right .
Rather than simply post a rant , however , I decided to put the question to a handful of other indie RPG developers :
Some designers have demonized narrative as an inherently limiting and unnecessary distraction from the emergent storytelling arising out of pure gameplay .
Why have narrative in games ?
As you might expect , I received a variety of interesting and thoughtful responses :
Jeff Vogel : Someone is demonizing narrative ?
Really ?
That seems odd .
Emergent gameplay is great , if you can get it .
It is a very difficult thing to do .
But storytelling , whatever the medium , is one of the oldest and most fundamental human activities .
Human brains are naturally receptive to telling and being told stories .
As long as that is true , people will use games to tell stories .
Thomas Riegsecker : Narrative is certainly not required for all games , and in some cases in can be unnecessary baggage for the player .
When it comes to role - playing games , one world think that a strong narrative is an absolute requirement .
However , countless variations of Rogue shows that you can have a marvelous role - playing experience with little more than a single sentence explaining the goal .
Likewise , many successful mainstream RPGs rely on nothing more than the overused plot of “ Kill the powerful bad guy ” , and any narrative in between the start and end of the game is really unnecessary .
However , narrative can be exceptionally rewarding as well .
It can turn a generic role - playing game into a unforgettable one if done correctly .
Certainly , when someone fondly remembers an RPG that they enjoyed playing years ago , it is often the story they remember and not the hours of level grinding and monster killing .
Likewise , narration can guide the player through a seemingly immense world , preventing that unwelcome feeling of “ I do n’t know what I should be doing now ” .
Overall , it really is a player preference .
As a developer , I need to find that balance between not enough narrative and too much narrative that will give a rewarding role - playing experience to as many potential customers as possible .
Amanda Fitch : I do n’t think narrative is limiting and unnecessary , but if it is presented in manner which takes the player out of the game , then yes , it is n’t any fun .
Jay Barnson : I think I may be one of those demonizers .
Sorry ’bout that .
Did n’t mean to give any more ammunition to the haters .
Simply put , the needs of good “ traditional ” storytelling as we know it runs counter to good interactive gameplay .
The hero in a compelling story is going to make mistakes , is going to be subject to rising and falling action , and is going to get pain heaped upon him by the author , and not see victory until the moment things are at its bleakest .
He is not going to choose the optimal path to victory because – frankly – that makes for a really boring story .
But that ’s exactly what the player will go for if given the choice , and gameplay is all about making choices .
So either we smack the player down with non-interactive , forced narrative , or we allow them to create for themselves a story that is likely to be devoid of very much drama .
Nevertheless , I love a good story in games .
It ’s a big part of why I ’m such a fan of RPGs – I love the stories .
The human brain is hard - wired to tune into stories .
And I think even a mediocre story is more fun when you get to live it through a game .
So in spite interactivity and narrative being something of a shotgun marriage , it works .
The big question is how to make it work better .
The almost universal approach today is to reach some compromise between the two , and keep trying to find a happier medium that works best for each game .
Another , much more challenging approach , would be to rig the game mechanics to encourage adherence to more dramatic narrative formulas .
Score bonus points for making dramatically interesting mistakes or something .
And interactively build the narrative around player actions .
We see glimmers of that in the Left 4 Dead series , where the AI engine seems to spawn enemies more based on the rhythm of the game than on location .
It ’s not an easy blend .
Narrative and gameplay are always going to have contradictory goals and tend to inhibit each other .
But I also feel that the blend of contradictory elements is often greater than a sum of its parts .
[ EDIT : We have a late entry !
Added below . ]
Vince D. Weller : Narrative is a good feature .
I doubt that there are many people who ’d tell you that they do n’t like a good story in their games , so the problem is n’t that narrative is some kinda outdated thing of the past that gets in the way of emergent gameplay ( I ’ve yet to see a game that actually delivers it , but that ’s a different story ) , but that like any other feature it can suck for one reason or the other .
A story can be bad .
A story can be uninspiring .
A story can fail to grab the player and make him care ( Alpha Protocol ) .
A story can suffocate the player ( Witcher , many Bioware games ) .
Much like anything else , good story - telling is a talent .
Not everyone can tell a good story , especially in a video game format .
If you can ’t , then it ’s better to skip the narrative and focus on features that can replace it , like the sandbox elements , for example .
If you can , then it wo n’t take much effort to make the story flexible enough to support decision - making and it would enhance your game .
Simple as that .
As for narrative being limiting when it comes to emergent gameplay , I disagree .
There are many ways to craft a story that does n’t force the player to move along a pre-determined and very narrow path , but lets the player make decisions and craft his or her own story within the story arc .
I can tell you what these ways are , but it ’s boring , so let me throw stones at Jay instead :
“ Simply put , the needs of good “ traditional ” storytelling as we know it runs counter to good interactive gameplay .
The hero in a compelling story is going to make mistakes , is going to be subject to rising and falling action , and is going to get pain heaped upon him by the author , and not see victory until the moment things are at its bleakest .
He is not going to choose the optimal path to victory because – frankly – that makes for a really boring story .
But that ’s exactly what the player will go for if given the choice , and gameplay is all about making choices .
So either we smack the player down with non-interactive , forced narrative , or we allow them to create for themselves a story that is likely to be devoid of very much drama . ”
The amount of drama depends entirely on the story - teller and the paths he creates for the player .
If there is a path that can be described as the optimal path to victory , then yes , it ’s boring and uninspiring , but only because the story - teller has failed .
That ’s what consequences of your actions are for .
By applying consequences to the hero ’s actions you can infuse the story with as much drama as you need and make the “ optimal path to victory ” the “ hero does in the end ” path , should you so desire , or “ the hero fucks everything up , so things now are way worse than before , so thanks a lot , you fucking douchebag ” path , not to mention the much desired “ you either die a hero , or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain ” path where the seemingly optimal , no - brainer options lead to the hero slowly become the villain , without even realizing it .
I assume that the moment when the player realizes what his hero has become would be quite precious .
So , the moral of this story is that choices without consequences do n’t mean much and it ’s the consequences that are the link between the traditional storytelling and emergent gameplay .
Comment Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer and chief software architect Ray Ozzie put on a poor performance when quizzed by Walt Mossberg at the All Things Digital conference , judging from the live blogs of the event .
What was wrong ?
They allowed the conversation to be focused mainly on competing products : Apple iPad , Google Android , Google Apps , Google search .
Since these products have exposed weaknesses in Microsoft ’s own offerings , it was unlikely to work out well .
Mossberg asks about the transition to the cloud .
“ You guys are putting , for instance , a version of Office in the cloud . ”
That was a gift .
You would expect the two men to enthuse about how Microsoft ’s dominance with desktop Office was now including the cloud as well , how the Office Web Apps enable new opportunities for collaboration , how Microsoft ’s investment in XML for Office was now enabling the same document to live both on the desktop and in the cloud .
Nope .
Ozzie waffles about people being more connected .
Ballmer “ disputes the notion that everything is moving to the cloud ” .
So what about Steve Jobs ' prediction of a transition from PCs to tablets and mobile devices ?
Ballmer says “ not everyone can afford five devices , ” lending support to the notion that Windows is for those who cannot afford something better .
Mossberg asks about tablets .
Although Mossberg did not say so explicitly , tablets have been a tragicomedy at Microsoft .
Bill Gates evangelized the tablet concept years ago , pre-echoing Jobs ’ claim that they would largely replace laptops .
Microsoft tried again and again , with XP Tablet Edition , Vista on tablets , then “ Origami , ” or Ultra - mobile PC .
Going back even further there were was the stylus - driven Palm - size PC ( I have one in the loft ) .
Tablet PC was not a complete failure , but remained an expensive niche .
Origami sank without trace .
Ballmer replied that the “ race is on ” .
Meaning ?
I guess , now that Apple has demonstrated how to make a successful Tablet , Microsoft will copy it ?
Or what ?
I am not sure how you defend such a poor track record .
But the starting point would be to explain that Microsoft has learned from past mistakes .
In some ways it has .
Windows 7 learns from mistakes in Vista , and Windows Phone 7 learns from mistakes in Windows Mobile .
None of that from Ballmer , who says vaguely that he expects Windows to run on a variety of devices .
He makes matters worse later , by defending the stylus .
“ A lot of people are going to want a stylus , ” he says .
Some do , perhaps , but Apple has pretty much proved that most people prefer not to have one .
I ’d like to see effort go into designing away the need for a stylus , rather than implying that Microsoft is just going to repeat its part mistakes .
Someone in the audience asks : “ Will we see Silverlight on Android or iPhone ? ” “ My guess is if it did , it would be blocked ” , says Ballmer , ignoring the Android part of the question .
He ’s ignoring the force of the question .
Why bother developing for Silverlight , if it is locked into a Microsoft - only future , especially considering the company ’s poor position in mobile currently ?
Ballmer could have mentioned the Nokia Symbian port .
He could have said how Microsoft would get it on iPhone just as soon as Apple would allow it .
He could have said that Microsoft is working with Google on an Android port - I do n’t know if it is , but certainly it should be .
He could have said that Silverlight plus Visual Studio plus Microsoft ’s server applications is a great platform that extends beyond Windows - only clients .
Microsoft does have problems but it also has strong assets .
However , it is doing an exceptionally poor job of communicating its strengths . ®
Tim 's article originally appeared on his blog IT Writing , here .
Former Bush advisers Karl Rove and Ed Gillespie pledged to raise $ 52 million for Republican candidates when they started their new fundraising group , American Crossroads , a few months ago .
Big shots !
Big money .
But yeah ... they raised $ 200 last month .
We did not forget a modifier there like $ 200 " million " or $ 200 " billion , " which is usually what these figures look like in political posts .
They raised two - hundred American dollars , total , in fundraising last month ; good enough for a few cocktails , some gas money and three or four elderly biker - chick porno mags .
A new 527 group conceived by veteran GOP hands Karl Rove and Ed Gillespie and launched this year with predictions that it would raise $ 52 million to support Republican candidates has thus far failed to live up to the fundraising hype .
The group , American Crossroads , raised only $ 200 last month , according to a report it filed Monday with the Internal Revenue Service , bringing its total raised since launching in March to a little more than $ 1.25 million .
It spent $ 76,000 in May , primarily on legal fees and salaries , bringing its total spending to $ 140,000 .
They claim that they have received pledges from Big Donors in the neighborhood of $ 30 million .
Peculiar .
Do pledges count as " money to spend on elections right now , " though ?
English majors ?
This is such a Ponzi scheme it 's insane .
[ Image via AP ]
Chlorine : What Are Your Kids Swimming In ?
by Lakis Polycarpou | July 7 , 2010
It ’s summer , and the kids are at day camp !
Unfortunately , for all the fun he ’s having , my son has developed a rash , which my wife and I now suspect might have something to do with chlorine — after all , campers go to the pool twice a day , which is a lot of exposure to this all - but - ubiquitous water purification chemical .
It turns out that using chlorine to purify water has an interesting and controversial history that raises many questions about the price we pay for safety and public health .
Water was first purified with chlorine by the Scottish chemist William Cumberland Cruikshank in 1805 .
By the turn of the century , British chlorination of drinking water had sharply reduced deaths from Typhoid Fever .
In 1908 , chlorine was added to drinking water in the U.S. for the first time in Chicago ’s Union Stockyards .
According to the American Chemistry Council [ PDF ] , the stockyard had been watering the animals from a stream “ so polluted with meat waste that it bubbled with noxious gases , ” and the animals were failing to thrive .
The stockyards were filtering the water , but it still contained high levels of dangerous bacteria , so they hired a New York water filtration expert , who added chlorine , “ with the surprising result that the quality of the livestock drinking water was reported to surpass that of city water , ” according to the Council .
In an even more interesting case , Jersey City was the first city to chlorinate municipal drinking water for human consumption in 1908 , after a long legal battle between the city and its private water supplier .
Dr. John Leal , an advisor to the water company , did research to show that water - born illnesses increased after flooding , which , he argued , indicated that water was contaminated from street runoff rather than at the source .
As a solution , he proposed adding small amounts of chlorine to water and thereby started a trend that within a decade and a half had come to most American cities .
That these first examples are heralded by American Chemistry Council as heroic feats is in some ways ironic , because , by their own telling , chlorination was an end - use solution to comprehensive ( and disgusting ) design - flaws in the system : animals forced to drink from a river filled with meat waste , and municipal water that was routinely polluted with surface runoff .
Nonetheless , the widespread introduction of chlorine seems to have all but eliminated water - born illnesses in the developed world , though it is not certain to what degree better sanitation practices alone contributed , or if there are other solutions to achieve consistently clean , pathogen free water .
It ’s an important question , because in spite of its apparent benefits , the widespread use of chlorine carries substantial risks as well .
In higher concentrations , of course , chlorine is a potent poison , most notoriously used as a chemical weapon in the First World War , where it drifted across the landscape as a green cloud , sinking into trenches and eating away the soldiers ’ lungs when they breathed it .
But even in very low does , there ’s evidence that chlorine is not entirely benign .
According to the United States Health and Services Toxicology program , chloroform , which can be found in the breakdown of chlorinated drinking and swimming pool water , is a known carcinogen .
Epidemiological studies have suggested that the consumption of chlorinated water “ may be associated with the development of certain cancers in humans . ”
Other studies have linked swimming pool chlorine with elevated asthma , with the strongest correlation in young children – stronger than exposure to “ all other factors combined ” including tobacco smoke .
Other sources have suggested that skin absorption of chlorine from hot showers is a serious risk to health .
Ecological hazards are also well known .
Nearly two decades ago , the International Join Commission , an independent organization established by the U.S. and Canada to monitor and address water quality issues in the great lakes , issued a report advocating a complete phase out of chlorine and its by - products .
And in 1994 , President Bill Clinton asked the EPA to draw up a national strategy for “ substituting , reducing or prohibiting the use of chlorine and chlorinated compounds ” according to the New Scientist .
As far as I can tell though , use of chlorine in drinking water and swimming pools is going on strong .
So , what ’s the alternative ?
For drinking water , there are filters ; if you ’re concerned about showers , they can be installed at the house main , so that all domestic water use is chlorine free .
Ozone disinfection is one time - tested alternative , but is potentially more complicated and more expensive than chlorine purification .
Ultraviolet light has also been used , but ( along with ozone ) has been criticized for leaving no trace disinfectant in the water .
More radical is the idea of careful design and biological filtration .
The fact that some 40 million Americans get their water from non-treated , private wells would seem to suggest that non-chlorinated water does n’t automatically equal sickness and death .
In recent years , a number of companies and ecological designers have developed techniques to use artificial wetlands to purify water , and use of natural filtering systems in swimming pools is well established , at least in Europe .
So — chlorine has helped rid the developed world of serious diseases , but has created substantial risks of its own .
Can we do better ?
They said it would never happen .
But MTV Games and Harmonix are n't going to let discriminating taste get in the way of Canada 's greatest musical contribution to the modern age , Nickelback , from coming to Rock Band .
Advertisement
The band 's brand of thoroughly authentic music will come to the Xbox 360 , Wii and PlayStation 3 on June 29 and feature these Nickelback classics as part of the ominously named " Nickelback Pack 01 . "
Each track will set you back $ 1.99 USD , £.99 UK , € 1.49 EU or 160 Microsoft Points .
If you buy it on the Wii , that 's $ 2.00 USD or 200 Wii Points per track .
For the whole shebang , for that authentic band experience , you 'll pay $ 9.99 , £ 4.99 UK , € 7.99 EU or 800 Microsoft Points .
Advertisement
" Burn It to the Ground "
" Figured You Out "
" Never Again "
" Photograph "
" Rockstar "
" This Afternoon "
Who 's ready to rock ?!
And , more importantly , who 's ready for Rock Band 3 ?
July 13 , 2010  --
An initial review has found the diet pill Qnexa to be safe and effective , according to a U.S. Food and Drug Administration report released this morning .
However , the FDA 's look into two previous studies involving Qnexa found a high rate of participants who dropped out due to adverse effects .
Some participants taking a high dose of the pill lost an average of 10 percent of their starting body weight .
According to the report , 18 percent of participants taking a high dose withdrew from trials after experiencing mild side effects such as tingling of the hands and feet , headache and constipation .
And , around 40 percent of all participants either taking high or low doses of Qnexa did not complete the study for various reason .
'
" Until you get into the nitty gritty of why did those people take the drug for an entire year , I worry that there was some side effects in this group that were missed , " said ABC News ' Senior Health and Medical Editor , Dr. Richard Besser on Good Morning America .
The FDA will more thoroughly review Thursday the efficacy and safety of Qnexa , one of three new weight - loss drugs .
Experts hope Qnexa , and the other drugs , Lorcaserin and Contrave , will provide effective weight - loss without the dangerous side effects that doomed other drugs , such as Fen- phen , Meridia and Alli .
Fen -phen was pulled from the market in 1997 after it was linked to a thickening of the heart valve .
Meridia was pulled from the European drug market in 2009 , and the FDA recently warned consumers about Alli 's link to severe liver damage .
" It 's shown a 10 to 15 percent weight - loss in patients , which is very impressive , " said Dr. Ken Fujioka , director of the Scripps Clinic Center for Weight Management in San Diego .
He is also on the advisory committee for Vivus , the company that makes Qnexa , as well as on the advisory committees for the companies that make Lorcascerin and Contrave .
" This drug is n't something new , " said Besser .
" It 's a combination of two drugs that have been on the market for many years . "
Qnexa contains the amphetamine phentermine -- one half the ingredients of the popular combination diet pill Fen- phen , ultimately pulled by its manufacturer Wyeth because of its link to heart damage .
Fujioka said although it proved dangerous in the combination , there were no safety issues with phentermine by itself .
According to Vivus , Inc. , the company that makes Qnexa , phentermine helps suppress a person 's appetite , while the other ingredient , the anti-convulsant topiramate , makes a person feel more satiated .
Some experts though , questioned the safety of a combination pill that appears to show striking similarities to previously recalled drugs .
" Whether any drug will become another Fen - phen is hard to predict , " said Dr. Gerard Mullin , associate professor of medicine at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine .
" Every time we see a drug recalled , none were predictable , but it seems that similar classes of drugs can have inherent problems . "
It 's also unclear to some experts on whether topiramate actually works .
" The anticonvulsant in both Contrave and Qnexa is a new variation on the theme of tweaking brain pathways to adjust appetite but does not appear to be more than a minor innovation to me , and one of questionable utility , " said Dr. David L. Katz , associate professor adjunct in public health practice at the Yale School of Public Health .
Year - Long Studies on Qnexa , Lorcaserin , Contrave
" We did very detailed studies and found it was n't the phentermine .
It was phenfluramine that was linked to the heart issues , " Katz said .
Fujioka said the trials for Qnexa , Lorcaserin and Contrave lasted about a year .
The drugs were tested on about 4,500 patients each .
However , others believe there have not been enough studies done to show that these drugs are safe for most patients .
" Just because these compounds do n't have the same chemical mix as Fen - phen does n't mean they do n't have a chemical mix that can cause long - term harm , " said Joanne P. Ikeda , nutritionist emeritus and former co-director of the Center on Weight and Health , University of California , Berkeley .
" I think we should demand long - term ( three - to five - year ) safety studies for these drugs . "
Keith Ayoob , director of the nutrition clinic at the Rose R. Kennedy Center at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine , agreed .
" The new drugs seem safe , but so did the Fen - phen combo , " he said .
Many experts , including Ayoob , said it is safe to assume that there will be side effects with these drugs .
" It is difficult to believe the risk of memory loss and other neurological effects found with topimarate will provide adequate safe use , " said Dr. George L. Blackburn , associate director of nutrition at Harvard Medical School .
Blackburn said if the drugs do end up on the market , they will target those who are obese and possibly morbidly obese .
" Studies have looked at the morbidly obese -- about 7 percent of our population falls into this category -- that 's a group that has a huge need , " said Fujioka .
Though risky , invasive procedures such as gastric bypass surgery clearly offer better results than taking diet pills .
But many obese Americans may not qualify for surgery .
And given the grim history of many diet pills that have come and gone , many experts said they do n't think the answer to the obesity epidemic can be found in a pill .
" The more effective drugs are less safe , and the safer drugs are less effective , " said Katz .
" [ More than half ] of overweight adults [ are ] metabolically healthy .
Why would we put metabolically healthy people on a drug when they do n't need it ? "
Regardless of whether a person undergoes surgery or takes diet pills , both options must be accompanied by an overall healthier lifestyle that includes diet and exercise , according to Besser .
" You ca n't just use the drug and say that 's the secret to weight loss , " said Besser .
There may be a new candidate for “ Most Adorable Thing With Nom In The Name , ” a title previously held , undoubtedly , by this Parry Gripp music video , which has the word in it ’s title not one but seven times !
I humbly present to you : Nomskulls ( ability to place frosting in a strikingly brain - esque manner not included , but hopefully easy to obtain through practice ) !
But what zany niche product would be complete without a product page full of wonderfully terrible puns ?
Knock ‘em dead with these four stylish silicone skulls .
Nomskulls are ready to fill with your favorite grey batter and bake into perfect cupcake craniums .
One bite and you ’ll be head over heels , because there ’s no doubt about it — this skull bone ’s connected to the YUM bone !
We ’ve packed four silicone skull molds in each printed giftbox .
So let your kids get out their aggression by chowing down on some skulls .
Because while some ignorant adults may want to ban violent video games for allegedly make kids aggressive and desensitized , nobody is going to ban delicious cupcakes .
You hear me ?
Nobody !
( Via Geekologie )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
Nexus
One users can today get their hands on the latest Android software update , dubbed Android 2.2 Froyo .
The over - the - air update will be restricted to Nexus One handsets initially , and will be gradually rolled out throughout this week .
Six months after the release of Android 2.1 , Google says the new software – revealed at the company 's annual I/ O conference last month – could increase performance speeds by up to five times .
Good news , too , for those wanting to use their Android - powered device as a portable WiFi hotspot , as the Froyo software upgrade now allows .
What else do we get with the 2.2 upgrade ?
Certain mobiles using 2.2 software will be able to share their WiFi connection with up to eight other devices .
And you can now use 2.2 - powered devices as a 3G connection for Windows and Linux laptops by plugging in with a USB cable .
CPU performance has been given a boost , with the software upgrade able to load data two - to - five times faster .
An upgrade to the memory should result in faster app - switching and a " smoother performance " on memory - constrained devices , Google said .
Performance of the browser has also been bolstered when loading ' JavaScript - heavy ' pages and pages with Flash .
Users can now access the three pages – phone , applications finder and browser – from any of the five home screen panels .
The camera and galleries have been given a modest overhaul as well – everything from white balance to geo- tagging to flash can be done with on - screen buttons .
An LED flash also lets users film in the dark or in low - light settings .
Apple released its own software upgrade , iOS4 , last week compatible with iPhones 3G , 3GS and 4 , as well as the new - generation iPod Touch .
Android 2.2 is expected to reach HTC Desire devices by Q3 this year .
An HTC spokesperson told Recombu : " We are working hard with our partners to update the HTC Sense experience on Froyo and distribute it to our customers as fast as possible .
We expect to release updates for several of our 2010 models including Desire , Legend and Wildfire beginning in Q3 . "
Vodafone told the Guardian that it is in the process of getting approval of its own version of Android 2.2 , and that the software upgrade will be rolled out to customers in due course .
The mobile network also encouraged those planning to make use of Froyo 's tethering capabilities to consider signing up to a Vodafone price plan , saying that 3G tethering would eat into a user 's data tariff .
O2 said there was no specific timeframe for when the update would be available , but that it should be by the end of the week .
So far as the HTC Hero goes , Orange has confirmed that its
Hero customers will get the software update ' in the near future ' .
Three is currently testing Android 2.1 for the HTC Hero and is looking to roll it out to customers by the end of July - exact dates are still to be confirmed , they told us .
We 're waiting to hear back from Vodafone , O2 and T - Mobile .
Debrahlee Lorenzana was a Citigroup employee who suffered long drooling stares from co-workers and widespread discrimination from her bosses , on account of her being too sexy .
Richard Thompson
Ford uses the bizarre story as a news peg for an amusing take on the legality of hiring and firing for looks .
Workplace dress codes are mostly legal unless they impose " unequal " ( not just different ) burdens on men and women , he writes .
For instance , in Jespersen v. Harrah 's Operating Co. , a bartender at a Reno , Nev. , casino sued when her employer adopted a new dress code that required her to style her hair and wear makeup .
Jespersen complained that she found wearing makeup " degrading . "
But the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals found that Harrah 's grooming code was equally burdensome for men and affirmed the dismissal of her lawsuit .
Why is n't a place like Hooters illegal ?
It comes down to a clause in Title VII that carves out an exception to anti-discrimination rules if the employer can prove that a certain characteristic is a " bona fide occupational qualification " ( BFOQ ) .
You can't hire whites to the exclusion of non-whites , or hire fertile men but ban fertile women ( as Johnson Control amazingly once required ) .
But there 's no law that explicitly bars companies from hiring on the basis of beauty , so long as they can prove that looks are a bona fide occupational qualification ( hence , Hooters ) .
But in the case of Frank v. United Airlines , the company was sued for requiring female flight attendants to adhere to a stricter maximum weight standard than male employees .
The 9th Circuit found the policy discriminatory .
United essentially followed the CBS sit - com rule of allowing frumpy men but not frumpy women .
However , the Court still upheld the broader rule that " an appearance standard that imposes different but essentially equal burdens on men and women is not disparate treatment . "
It ’s an interesting and hard process to discover the different ways of boards .
We tried to design an Arduino ( TM ) compatible board fits to smallest apertures .
The goal is extremely small , slim , flexible while maintaining its nature of developing board .
Features :
Cut-able , Scrollable and Chain-able
Full functional Atmega168/328 breakout
USB - Serial interface
Built - in charger circuit
Default a complete Arduino compatible board , could be cut to fit needs
20 pin bus passed across all blocks
Pros found :
light , slim , small , flexible as planned
Cons found :
Fragile
Too slim to fit in the connectors
Might still be too much overhead
Next steps
It is far from mature , we will prepare a few prototypes for community inspiration .
Please let us know how you might use them and the key factors you would care , we will select the comments and ship them in one week frame .
Thanks !
Please follow and like us :
The ghost of Joe Chamberlain may not be omnipresent as Liberal Democrats gather in his native Birmingham today , doubtless to endorse their leadership 's new coalition government with the Conservatives , but his political shadow should be just perceptible nonetheless .
As someone who has always inclined towards reading the history book in preference to gazing into the crystal ball , I feel it is worth recalling that great statesman who split the political family and ended up as a Liberal Unionist .
Several decades later and a similar trick was to lead to the emergence of the National Liberals and their subsequent assimilation within the Conservative fold .
Can history repeat itself yet again ?
Early returns from our rank and file would appear comforting ; there seems to have been no instantaneous haemorrhaging of membership or a sudden direct flight into party affiliation elsewhere ( despite opportunistic overtures from Labour ) .
The resilience of our grassroots to drama at the top has been well tested over the years – from the birth pangs of the merger of the SDP and the Liberals through to our two changes of leader ( three if Vince Cable 's interim stint is included ) over the course of the last parliament alone .
This party takes the internally unexpected well .
The reassurance contained within the superbly negotiated coalition agreement details obviously has played a positive role .
All well and good .
Yet we have to be alert to the ease with which the new prime minister , at that opening joint press conference , referred to this " Liberal Conservative " government ( having not seen the official transcript I am assuming the capital " L " ) .
He 's been here often before : from the early days of his leadership he was happy to describe himself as a " liberal Conservative " .
And we know he dislikes the term Tory .
These ongoing efforts at appropriation are going to have to be watched .
With uncharacteristic understatement , Paddy Ashdown described last week 's events as " a rather unexpected moment " .
Certainly , they drive a strategic coach and horses through the long - nurtured " realignment of the centre - left " to which leaders in the Liberal tradition , this one included , have all subscribed since the Jo Grimond era .
It is hardly surprising that , for some of us at least , our political compass currently feels confused .
And that really encapsulates the reasons why I felt personally unable to vote for this outcome when it was presented to Liberal Democrat parliamentarians .
Indeed , as someone drawn into the SDP , having abandoned Labour , I can but reflect on how two politicians up until now – David Owen and Tony Blair – have led to a scattering of the original Gang of Four 's followers across the political spectrum .
In the period after the merger an Owenite grouping ended up being welcomed into the Tory party by Chris Patten ; others were to make their way into New Labour .
For those of us who stuck with the Liberal Democrats this latest upheaval represents a further test of strategic mettle .
Like many others I was keen to explore the possibilities of a so - called " progressive coalition " , despite all the obvious difficulties and drawbacks .
It remains a matter of profound disappointment that there was insufficient reciprocal will within the Labour party – and they should not be allowed to pose in opposition purity as a result .
We shall have to observe their leadership machinations from the sidelines – but it is important that both the process and the personalities involved use that exercise to think aloud and imaginatively about the opportunities that a national debate on electoral reform now presents .
I am not yet holding my breath .
I did not subscribe to the view that remaining in opposition ourselves , while extending responsible " confidence and supply " requirements to a minority Tory administration , was tantamount to a " do nothing " response .
I felt that such a course of action would have enabled us to maintain a momentum in opposition , while Labour turned inwards .
But the understandable anxiety among colleagues about an early second election scuppered that option .
To which might be added the significant reality of devolved general elections in just less than a year 's time in both Scotland and Wales .
So now we must look to a centre - right government to deliver the appetising menu of liberal measures contained within the coalition agreement .
In so doing the wider , non-governmental sections of the party – inside and outside parliament – will have a continuing family responsibility to help articulate values and a vision that underpins what our colleagues are seeking to enact in ministerial office .
We must not forget that the real political personality of this administration , the one that will evolve steadily in people 's minds over months and years , will be driven as much by reflex reactions to unexpected events as by carefully negotiated , pre-planned , legislative intent .
So there will have to remain room for everyone .
My own political mentor , the late Roy Jenkins , once delivered a none too coded warning to the Owenites about the dangers of " a right , tight little party " .
I do not believe for one moment that is where the Liberal Democrats are headed .
Roy , coincidentally , was another statesman with a Birmingham constituency base for the bulk of his career .
It is his flame which I trust will continue to burn brightly there today .
Charles Kennedy , MP for Ross , Skye and Inverness West , was the Liberal Democrat leader from 1999 to 2006
Here 's an interesting passage from the president 's latest commencement address over the weekend :
Over the past four years , you 've argued both sides of a debate .
You 've read novels and histories that take different cuts at life . [ … ]
You 've discovered interests you did n't know you had .
You 've made friends who did n't grow up the same way you did .
You 've tried things you 'd never done before , including some things we wo n't talk about in front of your parents .
All of this , I hope , has had the effect of opening your mind ; of helping you understand what it 's like to walk in somebody else 's shoes .
But now that your minds have been opened , it 's up to you to keep them that way .
It will be up to you to open minds that remain closed that you meet along the way .
That , after all , is the elemental test of any democracy : whether people with differing points of view can learn from each other , and work with each other , and find a way forward together .
That may be Obama 's " elemental test of any democracy , " but mine looks more like this :
When an American president is cool enough to wink - wink and nudge - nudge about taking illegal drugs in college , maybe it 's time to stop laughing off sensible proposals to legalize marijuana while jacking up funding ( even in times of " spending freeze " ) for one of the most vile , freedom - trampling public policies in U.S. history , and start being open - minded enough to recognize that there is no longer much public constituency for having the federal government police personal drug consumption .
There 's nothing particularly democratic about locking up hundreds of thousands of people every year for consuming unauthorized medications .
If the president really is that keen to " walk in somebody else 's shoes , " I might suggest that before his federal apparatus arrests even one more potsmoker or coke - snorter , he volunteer to go back and retroactively serve time for all his undetected prior offenses , then come back and tell us why the enforcement status quo ( however mildly modified ) is worth defending .
Yes , the idea is ridiculous on its face , but that 's the point :
If I had robbed a bank back in college , no one would find it ridiculous if I went back and served my time .
The fact that I , like Barack Obama , the students of Hampton University , and basically half the U.S. population under the age of 60 , managed to experiment with illegal drugs without getting caught is neither an indication of mass societal degeneracy nor a cause for in - group mirth .
It 's a telltale indicator that prohibition is a terrible idea .
I 'm glad that Obama and most us kids from the right side of the tracks got away with it without coming face to face with our SWAT team / prison industrial complex , but when anybody from that silent majority then graduates to a position of enforcing the unconscionable , perpetuating a policy that has mangled millions of lives , forgive me for not laughing along with the joke .
Adolf Hitler enjoyed special treatment while jailed in 1924 and was allowed hundreds of visitors – sometimes unsupervised – including some 30 to 40 celebrants of his 35th birthday .
The details have emerged from documents written by officials at the prison near Munich where he was held .
The 500 papers from the Landsberg prison were recently found by a Nuremberg man among the possessions of his late father , who purchased them at a flea market in the 1970s according to Werner Behringer , whose auction house in the Bavarian city of Fuerth will offer them for sale next month .
Mr Behringer said they were packed among a bundle of books on the First World War the man had bought , and his 55 - year - old son , who has requested anonymity , never knew of their existence .
" His father probably did n't know what he had there , " Mr Behringer told Associated Press .
Robert Bierschneider , an archivist with the Bavarian State Archives in Munich , said he had examined images of the documents Mr Behringer sent to him and they had stamps and notations matching others from the prison .
" The documents appear genuine , but to do a real examination we need the originals in our hands , " he said .
The documents are to be auctioned on 2 July , with a starting price of € 25,000 ( £ 20,000 ) .
Though only one is signed by Hitler , and much of the information is otherwise available , they do provide an intriguing window into his early days as Nazi leader .
Hitler was imprisoned in Landsberg after his abortive bid to seize power in the notorious " beer hall putsch " in Munich .
A decade later , in 1933 , the Nazis came to power through elections .
Sentenced to five years in prison , Hitler was granted early release and ended up serving about nine months .
His right - wing politics and German nationalism won him friends among the German establishment , including the First World War hero Erich Ludendorff .
He came to visit Hitler several times in jail and the Prussian general was allowed to see the former Austrian corporal unsupervised for as long as he wanted , the documents show .
They include some 300 to 400 original cards listing Hitler 's other visitors , including the 30 to 40 allowed in to celebrate his birthday on 20 April 1924 – 19 days into his sentence .
" His time in prison was more like a holiday , " Mr Behringer said .
Otto Leybold , the prison director , gushed about Hitler in a memo about the inmates on 18 September 1924 , saying he was always " sensible , modest , humble and polite to everyone – especially to the officers of the facility . "
Hitler spent much of his time in prison writing his manifesto Mein Kampf , detailing his ideology and ambitions , but the documents also show he had time for more prosaic thoughts .
In a typed copy that prison authorities made of a letter Hitler wrote to a Munich car dealer , the future dictator is having a hard time deciding whether to purchase a newer model Benz 11/40 or the older 16/50 because he had concerns that the higher RPMs of the motor in the former might mean that it would have more mechanical problems .
" I ca n't get a new car every two or three years , " he wrote .
Spies told to reveal instructions which ' turned blind eye to torture '
MI5 and MI6 have been ordered by a High Court judge to release secret guidelines which human rights groups claim instructed spies to turn a blind eye to the torture of British terror suspects abroad .
The guidelines will be released to six British former Guantanamo Bay detainees who are suing the Government for allegedly being complicit in their torture by the Americans .
The guidelines were issued to agents in 2002 and 2004 .
‘ We believe they will reveal a policy of complicity to torture , which explains all these cases over the years of MI5 agents knowing a Briton is being tortured but doing nothing about it , ’ said Katherine O’Shea of Reprieve , a charity which has given legal help to former Guantanamo Bay detainees .
Hit hard : Labour leadership hopeful David Miliband 's chances could well be damaged over his recent comments on the torture of Britons abroad
The release is likely to damage David Miliband , the front - runner to become Labour leader .
As Foreign Secretary , he told Parliament that the Government was never complicit in the torture of Britons abroad .
In February , the High Court overruled Mr Miliband ’s attempt to stop former Guantanamo detainee Binyam Mohamed , 31 , seeing a CIA document which showed MI5 knew he was being tortured .
Mr Miliband argued the release would jeopardise intelligence - sharing accords between Britain and America which would damage the national interest .
Mr Mohamed is a claimant in the latest case with Bisher Al Rawi , 49 , Jamil El Banna , 58 , Richard Belmar , 30 , Omar Deghayes , 40 , and Martin Mubanga , 37 .
All six claim that during their detention they were questioned by British agents who not only knew they were being tortured , they also supplied further questions for interrogators .
The Foreign Office said last night that it was considering Mr Justice Silber ’s ruling .
A spokesman said : ‘ We will look at whether their disclosure raises any national security issues that may need to be protected . ’
Even if publication is blocked , advocates can still read the documents and give the six an outline of what they contain .
Suppose you lose your house to the bank , but before you leave the keys on the counter , you invite scores of artists into your home .
Suppose they show up .
For 28 days , strangers dance , paint , sing , weld , drum , drape , read , record and hang out in every room of your house .
Suppose you film these goings - on , including the moment when a young couple took a bubble bath while doing their taxes .
Suppose you anger your wife and neighbors .
What have you done ?
You 've turned your life into a giant performance - art spectacle , Portland style .
Charles Wittenmeier , 44 ,
is a TV ad director who captured the 1990s go - go consumerism with award - winning commercials while enjoying L.A. 's luxe life .
Millions of people have chuckled at his Super Bowl ads for Coke and Budweiser .
He 's won awards at film festivals in Cannes and London , and his work is in the permanent collection of New York 's Museum of Modern Art .
But when the spending spree ended in 2001 , his career tanked , so he bailed on Los Angeles and bought a $ 1 million house on the slopes of Mount Tabor .
Work never picked up , he made some bad investments , and five years later , he lost his one - of - a - kind house .
Now , he and his wife are divorcing .
It 's as if some cosmic director called " Cut ! "
But not Wittenmeier .
For 28 days in May , up until the final hours before the bank took his house , this colorful , media - savvy guy did what he does best :
Using his house as a " set , " he found the talent , hired a co-producer and watched his creation unfold for the camera .
Artists , mostly in their 20s and 30s , some unemployed , filled his house day and night .
A friend , Jordan Kinley , 23 , became another producer , using Into the Woods , a company known for making videos of local bands .
No one got paid .
All the activity in the house , except maybe the drinking and casual drug - taking , was videotaped .
Sometimes audiences watched , sometimes no one did .
Was it a joke ?
No , Wittenmeier said , even though he conceived the idea on April Fools ' Day .
Sitting alone in the empty house after his wife moved out , he realized his life had become a line in aTalking Heads song : " How did I get here ? "
" The house had become silent , " he said .
" Deafening silence .
I said , ' This can not end this sad way .
Open it up , use the house to celebrate the space . ' "
The story of a successful director who loses everything fascinated Kinley .
Watching Wittenmeier fill his upscale house with cash - strapped , idealistic artists added another layer to the story .
" His life is an example of the larger issues of advertising , " Kinley said , suggesting that the film could be seen as a cautionary tale .
Wittenmeier was something of a prodigy ad director , if such a thing exists , creating his first spot at 21 and joining the Directors Guild of America two years later .
His quirky take on consumerism influenced the aesthetic of TV advertising in the '90s .
" I took to it , and I burned out , " he said .
" It 's a fickle business .
I never said advertising is evil , but as Americans , we 've been sold a bill of goods , and I helped sell it . "
" This was a super - stressful thing for him , " Kinley said .
" He was making six , seven figures since he was in his 20s .
He thought the money would keep coming .
Now , he 's forced to deal with a reality that he missed . "
Wittenmeier loved his wood - and - stone house , he said .
For almost 100 years , it has clung to the north side of Mount Tabor , with views of downtown and Mount St. Helens .
Previous owners have tended it well , judging by the gleaming hardwood floors , leaded - glass bookshelves , beamed ceilings and Rapunzel - friendly casement windows .
But when love leaves , the feeling of home leaves , too .
The rooms emptied , the warmth cooled , children 's voices faded .
The Wittenmeiers tried to refinance .
No go .
Assessed at $ 1.2 million , the house cost $ 100,000 a year to maintain .
With the impending divorce , they put the house on the market , where it sat for eight months .
No offers came , so they walked away .
We all move on .
At best , we are stewards of our houses , brushing on new colors , repairing fixtures , planting gardens .
When it 's time to go , we take our memories with us .
Wittenmeier will have some unusual ones .
" Could I have saved the house ?
Possibly , " he said .
" Would it have been the dumbest thing ?
Probably . "
The neighbors were not amused by the loud music and comings and goings , fearing a commune had moved into their upscale neighborhood .
Most unhappy was Juli Wittenmeier , Charles ' wife .
She felt that her house was under siege , that strangers had turned private loss into public spectacle , she said .
" I would have preferred to endure this process in private and without throngs of people and accompanying publicity that have invaded this time in my life , " she wrote in an e-mail .
" To say that I am disheartened by the disrespect shown to this home is an extreme understatement . "
As the project began , activities at the house were loose and unstructured .
A makeshift production company formed to stream live music from the living room to the Web .
The team included Miliken Gardner , an audio engineer , who used money he 'd saved for traveling this summer , and Jeff Hylton Simmons , a Web broadcaster Kinley met through Twitter .
Local artist Chris Haberman curated the visual arts activity , inviting 75 artists , including a Web developer from Brooklyn , N.Y. , to collaborate and use materials they found at the mostly empty house .
A few people slept there .
People took turns buying food .
But as the neighbors ' and Juli Wittenmeier 's displeasure grew , the rules changed .
" Charles and I agreed that the music should stop at 7 or 8 p.m. , " she said .
" I knew the neighbors had been calling the police and filing noise complaints as well as having parking issues .
When we made the agreement to take down some of the art , we also agreed to stop the music earlier .
Also to try and curb the ' party house ' atmosphere . "
Charles Wittenmeier , a stocky man who speaks quickly and bluntly in Hollywood shorthand , said he understands his wife 's feelings but believed the artists ' work had merit .
" They 're educated musicians and artists , they have interesting ideas , they understand new media , " he said .
" I 'm a student myself . "
One of the artists was Walt Curtis , a well - known Portland poet .
One Saturday , his hair wild with excitement , he filled a bedroom with his rowdy voice , a glass of wine at his feet .
Curtis , 68 , is the author of the autobiographical " Mala Noche , " which director Gus Van Sant turned into a 1985 film .
Feisty and jovial , Curtis enjoys the spotlight , having shared the stage with other beat generation writers -- Allen Ginsberg , William S. Burroughs and Ken Kesey .
" The dream burns away , nothing remains except ashes and the rain , " he read loudly from a yellowing page .
He stomped the floor and stabbed the air with a finger while Dusty Santamaria strummed blues chords and three videographers recorded the scene .
A dozen people watched .
In another bedroom , spectators sat on the floor to hear a guitarist and accordion accompany a puppet show .
Actors spoke verses from " The Prophet " about love , joy , sorrow , children and houses .
Overhead , Luna Littleleaf , 20 , had hung dozens of pieces of lace , turning the room into a cocoon .
It could have been a '60s flashback .
Ding .
A bell rang .
" Speak to us of love , " intoned a puppet with Einstein hair . "..
Your house shall not be an anchor but a mast ...
Love has no other desire but to fulfill itself ...
Your house shall not hold your secret nor shelter your longing . "
Forty years ago , " The Prophet " was a handbook of the counterculture .
Today , it seems just as potent for young people like Littleleaf , a tall , earnest woman with soft brown eyes .
" The Prophet " is her favorite book , she said , revealing a quote from it tattooed on her foot .
After the show , the '60s vibe continued when two guys sang Bob Dylan 's " Lay Lady Lay . "
As May progressed , the house turned into something no one expected : a battleground .
Charles kept his three children , ages 5 to 9 , away from the house ; he shares parenting duties with his wife .
But the artists , caught in the middle , responded to the tension between the owners in their own ways .
" We 're all stuck in Charles and Juli 's divorce , " said artist Tim Combs , 42 .
" The context of this place is inseparable .
Every day , events influence what 's going on here -- conversations , who gets to do art , how do we keep them happy to continue .
We 're sucked into the nostalgia of their stuff left behind , the tension of what can we use , how do we deal with the events , how are people reacting .
A couple of days go by , and some event causes things to change . "
Fittingly , Combs chose transitions for the theme of his installation in the side yard .
He found three branches from a downed tree on the property and anchored them in the earth , their cuts raw and exposed .
Pink rhododendron blossoms blanketed the ground around the branches , which resembled stick people and represented Mother , Dad and Kids , he said .
He called it " Running Forward , Looking Back . "
It 's a metaphor for change , he said .
" This is rooted in the day , light changes , cold colors to warm colors , the sun moves , but this stays .
The father is making sure the kid is doing OK . "
Kinley and his crew shot 450 hours of footage .
It will take him seven or eight months to edit , after which he hopes to submit the film to festivals , perhaps South by Southwest , a notable film and music festival in Austin , Texas .
A book and an album could emerge , too .
Juli Wittenmeier probably wo n't watch it .
" I really wanted the whole project to stop , " she wrote after the project ended , " but the part that Charles was truly excited about was the music .
I wanted him to be able to create what he wanted without just throwing everything away .
I felt that most of the other art was mediocre at best and I think he agreed .
I think the project was getting away from him .
He was happy to have me be the ' bad guy . '
I did feel like they were destroying the property and taking advantage of a beautiful setting , as well as taking advantage of Charles ' best intentions .
I wanted the whole thing out , but had to compromise .
If he could finish the music part then everyone else would get out .
" Just one last thing -- for all of their talk of doing something positive in the house , in the end they left it filthy .
Full of trash and bad art that they did n't even want .
Showers broken , toilets clogged .
They left Charles to clean up the mess .
Nice ' artists . ' "
Charles Wittenmeier downplayed the problems .
" Possibly there were some people who took advantage , but I made sure it got cleaned , " he said .
" The shower was broken when we lived there . "
Ultimately , it was n't about the art , whether it was good or not , Kinley said .
" It was about the doing .
The final outcome did n't matter . "
Charles Wittenmeier did n't like all of the art , but nothing made him cringe .
" We never said it was the Tate .
Who cares , and who knows ?
Some of it is n't great , but some is . "
He 's not proud of losing the house , the divorce or the mounting bills , he said .
He 'll stay in Portland , where he 's renting a house down the street near his kids ' school .
But at least for a while , he found a way to turn sadness into something else .
" I met people I would not have .
Little pockets of inspiration and trepidation .
I 'll have a huge electric bill , but other than that , it 's the cheapest film ever made . "
Was it worth it ?
" It added some closure , " he said .
" I still stand by my initial idea .
I 'd do it again .
I had no expectations .
All I was concerned about was that no one got hurt .
I 'm happy I got to see some performers I never would have got to see .
I met some artists who were committed -- I 'm trying to be more committed in my work .
No regrets . "
--
BALTIMORE -- With Fredi Gonzalez out as manager of the Florida Marlins , attention turned to former Mets and Rangers manager Bobby Valentine as a potential replacement , as Valentine withdrew from consideration for Baltimore 's open position .
Florida owner Jeffrey Loria , who declared his playoffs - or - bust expectations for his team in spring training , announced Wednesday that he had decided to change managers after 70 games , saying " we can do better and be better . "
Valentine and Loria have been friends for 20 years , and there has been contact during the past year about Valentine 's interest in managing the Marlins .
But Valentine has never had anything close to a formal interview with the club .
Valentine , currently an ESPN analyst , pulled his name out of consideration for the vacant Orioles job Wednesday in order to " direct my energies in another direction . "
" Bobby Valentine is a candidate for this position .
He was spoken to by me today , " club president David Samson said .
" I told him Fredi had been dismissed , and that we were interested in speaking with him in the very near future about our opening . "
Samson cautioned that Valentine should n't be thought of as the front - runner , according to the Palm Beach Post , but a source told the New York Daily News : " I 'd say it 's about 95 percent that it will be Valentine ... Loria has already told him he's his guy . "
The Marlins are 35 - 36 following Wednesday night 's win against Baltimore .
Florida began Thursday in fourth place in the NL East , 6 ½ games behind first - place Atlanta .
Edwin Rodriguez , who has spent the past 1 ½ seasons as manager of Triple - A New Orleans , will take over as manager on an interim basis .
Also fired were bench coach Carlos Tosca and hitting coach Jim Presley ; they were replaced on an interim basis by Brandon Hyde and John Mallee .
" This team seems to be stuck in neutral , and our competitors are on the accelerator , " Marlins president of baseball operations Larry Beinfest said later on Wednesday .
" We were looking for a leadership change to hopefully get us on the accelerator .
That 's a big part of what we did today . "
Gonzalez told ESPNdeportes.com 's Enrique Rojas that the firing did not come as a shock .
" It does n't surprise me , these things are normal in this job , " he said .
Gonzalez added that his dismissal was not connected to his run-in earlier this season with shortstop Hanley Ramirez , in which he pulled Ramirez from a game for failing to hustle after a ball he booted .
Ramirez criticized Gonzalez to the media and sat out the next game , but later apologized .
It appeared at the time that Marlins players and management supported Gonzalez in his spat with Ramirez , the team 's best - known and highest - paid player .
" This is something that I want to make very clear :
My exit from the Marlins had nothing to do with Hanley , " Gonzalez told ESPNdeportes.com .
" The situation with Hanley had to do with them -- the Marlins .
They wanted to make a change to move in another direction . "
Step 3
Add 1 cup of the hot chicken stock and cook , stirring , until the stock is nearly absorbed , about 3 minutes .
Continue adding the hot stock 1 cup at a time and stirring until it is absorbed between additions .
The risotto is done when the rice is al dente and suspended in a creamy liquid , about 25 minutes total .
VIVO Pathophysiology
Gastrointestinal Transit : How Long Does It Take ?
How long does food stay in my stomach ?
How long is it before a meal reaches the large intestine ?
The answer to such commonly - asked questions is not necessarily simple .
First , there is considerable normal variability among healthy people and animals in transit times through different sections of the gatrointestinal tract .
Second , the time required for material to move through the digestive tube is significantly affected by the composition of the meal .
Finally , transit time is influenced by such factors as psychological stress and even gender and reproductive status .
Several techniques have been used to measure transit times in humans and animals .
Not surprisingly , differing estimates have been reported depending on the technique used and the population of subjects being evaluated .
Some of the techniques used include :
Radiography following a barium - labelled meal .
Sequential radiographs can be used to determine when the front of the barium label reaches different regions of the digestive tube .
Such meals are not very physiologic and the technique exposes the patient to repeated exposure to radiation .
Sequential radiographs can be used to determine when the front of the barium label reaches different regions of the digestive tube .
Such meals are not very physiologic and the technique exposes the patient to repeated exposure to radiation .
Breath hydrogen analysis .
A number of carbohydrates are very poorly digested or absorbed in the small intestine , but readily fermented by bacteria when they reach the large intestine .
Fermentation liberates hydrogen gas , which diffuses into blood and is exhaled in breath , where it can be readily measured .
Thus , after consumption of a meal containing a non-absorbable carbohydrate ( lactulose or , more commonly , baked beans ) , there is a large increase in exhaled hydrogen when the carbohydrate reaches the large intestine .
This provides an estimate of pre-colonic ( stomach plus small intestine ) transit time .
A number of carbohydrates are very poorly digested or absorbed in the small intestine , but readily fermented by bacteria when they reach the large intestine .
Fermentation liberates hydrogen gas , which diffuses into blood and is exhaled in breath , where it can be readily measured .
Thus , after consumption of a meal containing a non-absorbable carbohydrate ( lactulose or , more commonly , baked beans ) , there is a large increase in exhaled hydrogen when the carbohydrate reaches the large intestine .
This provides an estimate of pre-colonic ( stomach plus small intestine ) transit time .
Scintigraphic analyses .
Meals containing pellets or colloids labelled with a small amount of radionuclide ( 99 mTechnetium , 113 mIndium , etc. ) are consumed , and the position of the radioactive label is sequentially monitored using a gamma camera .
Studies of gastrointestinal transit have clearly demonstrated two related phenomena important to understanding this process :
Substances do not move uniformly through the digestive system .
Materials do not leave segments of the digestive tube in the same order as they arrive .
In other words , a meal is typically a mixture of chemically and physically diverse materials , and some substances in this mixture show accelerated transit while others are retarded in their flow downstream .
An example of how ingested substances spread out in the digestive tube rather than travel synchronously is shown in the figure below .
These data were obtained from a human volunteer that ingested a meal containing 111 Indium - labeled pellets , then measuring the location of the radioactive signal over time by scintigraphy .
It is clear that parts of the meal are entering the colon at the same time that other parts are still in the stomach .
The discussion above should help to explain why it is difficult to state with any precision how long ingesta remains in the stomach , small intestine and large intestine .
Nonetheless , there have been many studies on GI transit , and the table below presents rough estimates for transit times in healthy humans following ingestion of a standard meal ( i.e. solid , mixed foods ) .
50 % of stomach contents emptied 2.5 to 3 hours Total emptying of the stomach 4 to 5 hours 50 % emptying of the small intestine 2.5 to 3 hours Transit through the colon 30 to 40 hours
Remember that these are estimates of average transit times , and there is a great deal of variability among individuals and within the same person at different times and after different meals .
References
Camilleri M , Colemont LJ , Phillips SF , etc. Human gastric emptying and colonic filling of solids characterized by a new method .
Am J Physiol Gastrointest Liver Physiol .
257:284 , 1989 .
Charles F , Camilleri M , Phillips SF , etc. Scintigraphy of the whole gut : clinical evaluation of transit disorders .
Mayo Clin Proc 70:113 , 1995 .
Degen LP and Phillips SF .
Variability of gastrointestinal transit in healthy women and men .
Gut 39:299 , 1996 .
Iwanaga Y , Wen J , Thollander MS , etc. Scintigraphic measurement of regional gastrointestinal transit in the dog .
Am J Physiol Gastrointest Liver Physiol 275:904 , 1998 .
Metcalf AM , Phillips SF , Zinsmeister AR , etc. Simplified assessment of segmental colonic transit .
Gastroenterology 92:40 , 1987 .
Proano M , Camilleri M , Phillips SF , etc. Transit of solids through the human colon : regional quantification in the unprepared bowel .
Am J Physiol Gastrointest Liver Physiol 258:856 , 1990 .
Send comments to Richard.Bowen@colostate.edu
A Finnish translation of this page was created by Elsa Jansson and is available at Finnish translation
A Russian translation of this page was created by Olha Fiodorova and is available at Russian translation
A Ukrainian translation of this page was created by Olena Chervona and is available at Ukrainian translation
Scientists say they have confirmed the theory that Australian racehorse legend Phar Lap was killed by arsenic poisoning .
For years argument has raged over who and what killed Phar Lap , the horse that won the 1930 Melbourne Cup and for a time dominated Australia 's horse racing scene .
But a fortnight after winning North America 's richest race , the Agua Caliente Handicap , in 1932 , the horse was struck down by a mystery illness .
Some believed the horse was poisoned by gangsters , while others argued he died accidentally after consuming insecticide or from acute bacterial gastroenteritis .
Associate Professor Ivan Kempson , from Taiwan 's Institute of Physics , Academia Sinica , and Dermot Henry from Museum Victoria have been investigating the death .
" All our observations are consistent with consumption of a large dose of arsenic , " Dr Kempson said .
" It definitely re-highlights the arsenic theory of death because it 's been quite debatable . "
Dr Kempson and Mr Henry say they now have the best evidence to date that backs earlier claims arsenic is to blame .
Dr Kempson said arsenic poisoning was initially ruled out after Phar Lap 's autopsy .
But he and Mr Henry have been the first to examine samples of hair , which is well known for storing toxic elements .
Dr Kempson used the Advanced Photon Source synchrotron near Chicago to analyse samples of hair taken from the back of Phar Lap 's neck .
The analysis of the hair , taken from the stuffed horse at Museum Victoria in Melbourne , was able to detect the chemical structure of arsenic .
The researchers also studied the distribution of the arsenic in cross sections of the hair and along its length .
Earlier criticisms of the arsenic theory suggested the arsenic detected in the hair could have come from other sources such as the taxidermy process itself .
Taxidermists used to paint arsenic on the skin of dead animals to preserve it .
To determine whether the arsenic came from taxidermy or from poisoning , Dr Kempson and Mr Henry compared the arsenic found in Phar Lap 's hair with that from other museum specimens which had been preserved using arsenic .
They analysed samples of hair from the back of the neck of early 20th century animals preserved at the Museum of Scotland .
The two horses , a pony and a zebra were treated with arsenic during taxidermy but presumed not to have been poisoned by arsenic .
Dr Kempson says hair from these animals showed very different arsenic chemistry and distribution to the hair from Phar Lap .
He says when arsenic is absorbed into the hair from the outside , for examply from taxidermy , its chemical form is very different to that when it is ingested .
" If you think of carbon , for example , carbon that is in a graphite pencil is very different to carbon that is in a diamond , " Dr Kempson said .
" Even though it 's all carbon it is very different , based on the chemistry .
It 's the same for the arsenic as well . "
Dr Kempson says while hair from the Scottish animals showed arsenic in the absorbed form , Phar Lap 's hair contained mainly arsenic in the ingested form .
Studies of arsenic distribution in the hair also revealed stark differences between Phar Lap and the Scottish animals .
Cross sections of the hairs showed arsenic in Phar Lap was mainly bound to sulphur in the hair , whereas in the Scottish animals it was mostly bound to melanin .
Dr Kempson said examination of arsenic distribution along the length of the hair also showed a massive peak just below the skin level in Phar Lap 's hair , consistent with poisoning from heavy metals such as mercury and lead .
In the Scottish animals arsenic was evenly distributed along the hair length , consistent with having been applied as a solution over the whole animal hide .
" This is really the only physical evidence that exists on the cause of death and it is consistent with poisoning , " Dr Kempson said .
As to who it was who might have poisoned Phar Lap , Dr Kempson says we will probably never know .
" All we 've shown is that he consumed arsenic , " he said .
Dr Kempson and Mr Henry report their findings online ahead of print publication in Angewandte Chemie International Edition .
Common eider ( Somateria mollissima ) .
Credit , Andreas Trepte.
Coastal birds are polluting important habitat areas with toxic heavy metals according to a new study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of the Sciences .
Neal Michelluti and fellow researchers looked at two ponds in the Canadian High Arctic where seabirds congregate in large numbers and impact soils through the mass deposit of their droppings .
" Birds feeding on different diets will funnel different ' cocktails ' of metal contaminants from the ocean back to terrestrial ecosystems , which can then affect other living organisms , " Michelutti said .
This particular study site gave the researchers a unique opportunity to examine this process .
The remote Arctic setting meant that any unusually high level of contaminants in the soil would likely have originated directly from the bird droppings rather than a nearby industrial source .
Furthermore the two ponds , which are located just 1 km apart , are each visited en masse by a separate species of seabird - the arctic tern which preys on fish and the common eider which dines at a lower level of the food chain on benthic mollusks .
According to the study , " the segregation of the tern and eider seabird colonies into separate drainage basins
of the two study ponds has created a rare situation that allows for a quasi- experimental approach to paleolimnology . "
Looking at sediment core samples , the scientists found that the site frequented by terns had elevated concentrations of mercury and cadmium while the area inhabited by common eiders contained higher levels of lead , aluminum , and manganese .
The heavy metals at each site correspond with those previously recorded in the tissue of the respective resident species which provides further evidence that the distinct diets of the two seabirds are contributing to the contamination patterns of the ponds .
This process of avian - assisted contamination could be polluting biologically productive coastal areas across the world given that large seabird colonies occur on every continent .
" The seabirds are obviously not directly to blame for the elevated metal concentrations in the ponds , " study co-author Jules Blais says .
" They are simply carrying out their natural behaviors and lifecycles , but have become unwitting vectors of pollutants in an increasingly industrial age . " ﻿
-- by Rob Goldstein
Michelutti , N. , Blais , J. , Mallory , M. , Brash , J. , Thienpont , J. , Kimpe , L. , Douglas , M. , & Smol , J. ( 2010 ) .
Trophic position influences the efficacy of seabirds as metal biovectors Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences DOI : 10.1073/pnas.1001333107
, where offshore oil continues to wash ashore .
To protect cord grasses , shrimp larvae and terrapin turtles , local government officials are promoting a number of short - term infrastructure projects , including a $ 360 million proposal to build sand berms along 125 feet of barrier islands surrounding the Mississippi Delta , a controversial engineering feat .
Louisiana received approval to build multiple 6 - foot - high , 300 - foot - wide berms along 45 miles of the coastline , but when contractors began dredging for sand , federal officials stopped the project , saying that they were getting the material from sensitive areas .
That sand is only available in limited supplies and when it 's dredged and used for this project , it may not be there for long - term restoration projects , federal scientists argue .
Now that the berms are again under construction .
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal is celebrating their success , saying they 're working as planned , while others , including marine scientists , say they 're failing .
Sand resources along coastal Louisiana both east and west of the active delta are exceedingly scarce , according to the U.S. Geological Survey report , Effects of Building a Sand Barrier Berm to Mitigate the Effects of the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill on Louisiana Marshes .
But not all areas are dredge - sensitive .
" There are areas where , if you remove sand , you 're not affecting the environment around it , " says James Flocks , a geologist with the USGS who reviewed the proposal .
One of the approved stretches of berm is east of the Mississippi River along the Chandeleur Islands .
Wave action moves the sand on the shoreline north , so " taking sand from that area and putting it back near the Chandeleurs would create a sort of sand conveyor belt .
We consider that a safe area to remove sand from , " Flock says .
Taking the sand from the islands themselves , however , could yield material , but only at the expense of the isles ' structure .
Others argue that no matter where you dredge , the project could create deeper troughs in the seabed , causing waves to hit the berm with greater strength .
Waves traveling over deeper seas grow bigger until they reach the beach .
When they crash on shore , they do so with more force and energy than those that roll over shallower bottoms .
" The erosion potential is increased as a function of dredging .
What it is that you 're trying to preserve along the coast is actually going to experience higher and more erosive wave conditions , " says Gregory Stone , director of the Coastal Studies Institute at Louisiana State University .
If the berms are built in time , they could protect oil from getting on the beaches , but chances are slim that they will protect the marshes , Flock says .
The berms will need to be designed to maintain the tidal flow , he says , so oil could get in through the channels created for this .
Furthermore , the berms themselves are fragile .
Even if the oil continues to bubble after the berms are completed , a hurricane could wash them away and fundamentally change the structure of the beaches .
If the berms collect oil as they should ( without an intervening hurricane ) , the job is far from over .
When berms collect and hold the sand , the granules will become contaminated with the sticky stuff .
The oil that 's coming to land , or to the berm , is much more weathered and viscous than the variety studied in other spills .
It resembles tar or asphalt , and is resistant to microbial breakdown , says John Fleeger , a biologist at Louisiana State University .
Oiled debris , including sand - encrusted tar balls , were tested by BP and determined to be non-hazardous , so they 're collected by the Louisiana National Guard and taken to a landfill .
The plethora of variables makes it difficult to predict what 's going to happen to the coastal and salt marsh environments , frustrating scientists like Fleeger : " The berm does offer some promise to reduce the oil entering into the salt marshes .
The problem is that we do n't know the full picture . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
Two policemen fired powerful new electric stun guns that have yet to be officially approved at fugitive gunman Raoul Moat at around the time he killed himself after a six - hour standoff , investigators said on Tuesday .
Murder suspect Raoul Thomas Moat is seen in an undated photograph provided by Northumbria Police force in Newcastle .
REUTERS /Northumbria Police / handout
The Independent Police Complaints Commission , investigating the 37 - year - old ’s death , said it was unclear whether police delivered the shocks before or after Moat shot himself .
Two officers from the West Yorkshire force shot Moat with an XRep Taser , a wireless round fired from a shotgun that delivers a shock designed to incapacitate .
“ This is understood to have been in an effort to prevent Mr Moat taking his own life , ” the IPCC said in a statement .
“ The precise sequence of events regarding the discharge of the Tasers has not been established . ”
The former bodybuilder and nightclub bouncer , who bore a grudge against police , went on the run for six days after shooting his former girlfriend , her boyfriend and a policeman .
Armed officers surrounded him on a riverbank in the town of Rothbury in Northumberland where he had been living rough .
Opening the inquest into Moat ’s death , Newcastle coroner David Mitford said he had died from a gunshot to the head .
The Home Office said it was still testing the XRep Taser and had not yet approved the device for use by police .
“ However , legally , police forces have discretion to use any equipment they see fit as long as the use of force is lawful , reasonable and proportionate , ” it said in a statement .
Police in England and Wales have used a form of Taser since 2003 , although those devices are smaller handheld guns which fire an electric wire at suspects from a closer distance .
Moat ’s brother , Angus Moat , said the police were wrong to use Tasers on a man lying in the rain holding a gun .
“ He ’s going to go into muscle spasm .
He ’s going to have an involuntary reaction and pull the trigger , and he ’s going to die and he might not necessarily have ever wanted to , ” he was quoted as saying in the Daily Mail .
Northumbria Police ’s Temporary Chief Constable Sue Sim said officers strived throughout the standoff to persuade Moat to give himself up peacefully .
In a statement , she said police did fire Tasers , although she gave no details of the timing .
Moat ’s gun went off at 1:12 a.m. on Saturday morning , at around the same time as the Tasers were fired , the IPCC said .
“ Investigators will obtain evidence from the officers and negotiators who confronted Mr Moat , ” the watchdog said .
“ The review of tactics will consider the deployment and use of the XRep Taser . ”
BP has embarked on an aggressive campaign to repair its public image in the wake of its disastrous oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
It has repeatedly run full - page ads in major newspapers , retained high - powered lobbying and public relations firms , and launched a series of television ads with CEO Tony Hayward looking apologetic .
The company has even hired Anne Womack - Kolton , a former top aide to Vice President Cheney , to be its new spokesperson .
Now , joining Womack - Kolton in helping BP repair its image is former chief of staff to President Bush , Josh Bolten
The former European Commission president Romano Prodi is understood to be assisting BP in its attempt to restore its battered reputation in the United States .
The Times understands that Mr Prodi , who twice served as Italy ’s prime minister , is a key member of an “ international advisory board ” assisting BP that also includes Josh Bolten , the former chief of staff to President George W. Bush .
Both Mr Prodi and Mr Bolten are former employees of Goldman Sachs , the investment bank that advises BP .
BP ’s former chairman Peter Sutherland also held a senior role at Goldman .
The group has been helping the oil giant to defend its interests against a fierce onslaught from the US Government , which intensified yesterday as it emerged that 44 US Senators have signed a letter demanding that BP does not pay a dividend next month .
Bolten became most famous during the Bush administration when the House Judiciary Committee voted to hold Bolten and former Bush counsel Harriet Miers in contempt after they refused to cooperate in an investigation into the administration ’s firings of U.S. attorneys .
This aggressive PR campaign by BP may actually be having the opposite effect of what the company is hoping for .
Last week , President Obama chastised BP for devoting its resources in this area instead of to the people along the Gulf Coast who are struggling to maintain a living because the spill took away their occupations :
My understanding is , is that BP has contracted for $ 50 million worth of TV advertising to manage their image during the course of this disaster .
In addition , there are reports that BP will be paying $ 10.5 billion — that ’s billion with a B — in dividend payments this quarter .
Now , I do n’t have a problem with BP fulfilling its legal obligations .
But I want BP to be very clear , they ’ve got moral and legal obligations here in the Gulf for the damage that has been done .
And what I do n’t want to hear is , when they ’re spending that kind of money on their shareholders and spending that kind of money on TV advertising , that they ’re nickel - and - diming fishermen or small businesses here in the Gulf who are having a hard time .
Italy Beats USA With 3 Times as Much Solar Installed Using Feed - in Tariffs
July 6th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
Thanks to a Feed - in Tariff program it began in 2007 that resulted in a fivefold jump in installs , individual Italians are now installing solar on buildings at the astounding rate of 250 MW , or the size of a typical power station , every two months , in a seeming vindication of a policy that Al Gore recommended to congress in 2007 , an “ electranet ” which would pay individuals for power supplied to the grid from their roofs .
[ social_buttons ]
Italy is now building more solar power every month than California is in a year , Paul Gipe is reporting at Renewable Energy World .
Since beginning the Feed - in Tariff , each year Italy has installed twice as much solar power as the entire USA has , and for 2010 , with 1,500 MW – will have installed three times as much as the entire US with our 480 MW .
The vast majority of these Italian solar installations are on rooftops .
A typical home only has enough roof space for between 2 KW and ( in Italy : a mansion ) 10 KW , but over a third – 36 % of these new installs in Italy are over 200 KW but smaller than a megawatt – or about the space of a city block or two , about the size of a very large factory .
This large size suggests that this incentive is driving people to seek out relatively large areas such as on commercial rooftops on which to place solar plants as investments .
Another 23 % are between 20 KW and 200 KW , about the size that a fairly large commercial building could hold , and 21 % are between 3 KW and 20 KW , which could be a smaller commercial building or a home .
Only 6 % are only small Italian - home - sized at under 3 KW .
The return on an investment for a small solar farm with a contract for power with a utility is set for 25 years , so it is a relatively safe investment that generates a passive stream of income .
Spain ’s government is now having difficulty buying all of the hours per day of solar electricity it contracted for under their far too generous Feed - in Tariff ( FIT ) , but that is the exception .
Italy , like the rest of the world , has learned from the experience of Spain , which so dramatically lurched into – first over - incentivizing – and then cutting – its FIT , that it literally caused a worldwide tsunami of Chinese overproduction ; which dramatically slashed panel prices in half last year and continues to supply far cheaper solar on rooftops from Beijing to Berkeley .
By contrast , Italy has clearly laid out what its future rates will step down by over time .
There will be no sharp sudden and unexpected drops , but the rates will be tiered to go down over time by amounts known in advance , ( to provide the familiar incentive to “ act now while stocks last ! ” ) .
The proposal cuts the tariffs 18 % in three equal steps of 6 % during each of the first three quarters in 2011 .
Italy is a member of the EU which collectively promised at Copenhagen to reduce carbon emissions 20 % by 2020 , from their current emissions .
These are already lower than US carbon emissions , thanks to the successful EU cap and trade system , which is essentially the same climate policy that the Senate Republicans will filibuster again ( in 108 degrees in Washington ) this month .
This FIT policy will help Italy meet the new EU clean energy requirements .
Here , Feed - in Tariffs have had varied success entirely based on the rates offered .
An extremely anemic FIT in California , that has been available in PG&E territory for several years has few takers .
By contrast , an EU - style generous FIT in Oregon sold out within minutes over the weekend .
In California , the Democratic legislature has taken a first step towards a de facto FIT for solar owners .
Under AB 920 , you can elect to get cash back at the end of the year “ for excess production ” that you did n’t use at home that year ( previously you could not “ roll - over your extra kilowatt - hours but had to “ true - up ” at the end of each year ) , but only if you arrange to get the cash , with the rate to be determined in 2011 .
Image : Energia
Susan Kraemer @ Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Coastguards have warned people about jumping off cliffs in a practice known as " tombstoning " after a 75 - year - old man was injured by diving 30 ft ( 9 m ) .
Portland Coastguard was called to Durdle Door at 1504 BST on Sunday after the swimmer got into difficulties .
It is believed the Dorset man , who had jumped from the cliff before , had landed badly in the water .
He was later taken to hospital with severe abdominal pains after being rescued by helicopter .
' Hurt in past '
A coastguard spokesman said : " What was being done here was tombstoning , jumping from rocks .
To find somebody of 75 doing it , I just find completely unbelievable James Weld , Lulworth Estate
" It 's dangerous .
You do n't know the depth of the water .
So many people have been hurt in the past from tombstoning . "
The pensioner was understood to be diving into the sea from the Jurassic Coast World Heritage landmark with other members of his family .
James Weld , of the Lulworth Estate which owns the beauty spot , said people continued to take part in the dangerous activity despite a number of signs warning people not to climb the cliffs .
" It 's actually a very , very stupid thing to do because there are a lot of rocks under the water , which we and the coastguards try to tell people frequently , " he said .
" To find somebody of 75 doing it , I just find completely unbelievable .
" The hard limestone reef along the coast means there are a lot of rocks just under the water . "
Given a diet of US imports such as Gossip Girl , Friends and Lost you'd be forgiven for thinking that most American television viewers were about 20 .
But figures this week have revealed that the average age of those watching TV in the US has tipped 50 for the first time .
A study of the big five broadcast networks from research firm Magna Global shows that the average viewer no longer falls within the coveted 18 - 49 demographic so sought after by advertisers .
The median age of the population in the US is 38 .
For the 2007/08 seasons CBS attracted an average age of 54 , ABC pulled in the 50 - year - olds , NBC managed 49 , Fox 's viewers were a younger - still 44 and The CW ( which airs Gossip Girl and Smallville ) comes out at 34 .
If you factor in viewings on DVRs , the average age drops by a year in most cases , though that is still higher than it 's ever been .
The youngest show on CBS was Big Brother ( 45 ) while the oldest was news and investigations flagship 60 Minutes ( 60 ) .
ABC varied from UK import Supernanny ( 41 ) , to police drama Women 's Murder Club ( 57 ) ; Fox swung from Family Guy and American Dad ( 29 ) to legal drama Canterbury 's Law ; and The CW from teen drama One Tree Hill ( 26 ) to family drama Life Is Wild ( 45 ) .
NBC 's youngest - viewing show was Scrubs ( 34 ) and its oldest was the detective show Monk ( 58 ) .
It does n't take a detective to deduce that older viewers like crime dramas - which goes some way to explain the success of Monk , an obsessive - compulsive sleuth in San Francisco .
The show has consistently pulled in high viewing figures - both on ABC where it originated and now on cable network USA - without either being a huge critical success or generating much buzz .
That its average viewer is 58 , making it the oldest - skewing non-news show out there , may go some way towards explaining the success of a show that got almost no press and never set internet chatrooms ablaze .
The cable networks vary more widely .
Ultra -conservative Fox News maintains a median age of 65 across prime - time and daytime programming .
The Golf Channel , other news networks and TV - movie showcase the Hallmark Channel are also greyer than average , while the kids ' network Nickelodeon unsurprisingly mostly attracts 10 - year - olds .
So where have the young people , except those kids watching SpongeBob Squarepants , gone ?
That the average viewing age drops when DVR figures are taken into account gives some indication that they are embracing new technology and setting their own schedules .
Many also take advantage of streaming repeats online .
The Hills , MTV 's flagship reality show , got an average of 3.7 million viewers for new episodes - but factor in DVR figures , and you add another million .
In addition , episodes and clips have been streamed 32 m times online .
In fact The CW stopped offering an online repeat for Gossip Girl in order to try to boost viewing figures .
The network still , however , offers episodes for sale on iTunes , where the latest is regularly number one - perhaps because 12 - to 17 - year - olds are twice as likely to use Apple 's media - buying hub as any other age group .
Those teens and tweens certainly represent those who might have sat down to watch telly before downloads became so easy .
On the last numbers available , iTunes is responsible for about 50 m TV and movie downloads a year .
And that 's just those buying legitimately .
Studies show that a third of all internet traffic in the US comes through illegal filesharing .
That those choosing to switch on a TV rather than a computer are now older " makes network executives weep " , says Cynthia Littleton , who covers TV for industry magazine Variety .
She thinks there 's now " a concerted push among networks and even the advertising community to break out of this ancient mindset that people over 50 are not such a good audience for commercials " .
" Older viewers have a lot more disposable income than the 18 - year - olds who seem to be the holy grail for the broadcast networks .
In five to 10 years you 'll see less of an intense focus on people from 18 - 34 , and advertisers will be actively concentrating on 35 - 65 , " she adds .
" Anything over 30 has this taint right now , like it 's so old .
But that will change . "
Anyone who 's seen the repeated adverts for Viagra ( featuring a reworking of Elvis Presley 's Viva Las Vegas as Viva Viagra ) , or a commercial for an osteoporosis pill that features a fiftysomething Sally Field , may see a difference in US TV already .
But this change in thinking on target age groups may take a while to seep into commissioning - and thus imported shows in the UK .
British broadcasters may face similarly changing demographics .
In the last UK census , the average age was 37.4 - making us only a few months younger than Americans .
And , while figures are not available for the average viewing age of Britons , research by entertainment analysts Attentional shows that viewing time among those aged 16 - 34 has been declining faster than other age groups , while those over 55 now watch almost five hours a day .
Katy Bravery , editor of Saga magazine , thinks that the " tectonic force " of shifting demographics will force broadcasters to adapt here too .
" It 's not rocket science that programmers are simply playing to the market that 's paying , " she says .
· This article was amended on July 14 2008 .
In the article above we said that television show Monk - about a detective in San Francisco - lasted a season and a half before being dropped when the BBC bought it a couple of years ago .
In fact Monk has been running on the BBC since 2003 ; the fifth season of the series on BBC2 has just finished .
This has been corrected .
RIP Harvey Pekar
Not that today ’s version of Comic - Con — or yesterday ’s version , for that matter — was ever even close to being his scene , but it ’s still going to be a little less fun and a lot sadder to be there knowing that Cleveland - born - and - bred Harvey Pekar has left the world at age 70 .
For those of you know who are not familiar with American Splendor , his great yearly autobiographical comics or his occasional graphic - novel sized books like Our Cancer Year , all I can say is that Pekar was a late - blooming writer who understood that comics were a medium appropriate for as many different kinds of stories as the stage or the theater .
Since he had friends like underground comics legend Robert Crumb and since his own hilariously grumpy yet humanistic vision of the world was , in its way , a natural fit for the comic book form , it was where he found his artistic home .
The world is a richer , funnier , kinder place because of it .
My excuse for being able to note Pekar ’s passing here , where I ’m supposed to write about movies , is that , after being discovered by David Letterman , who then discarded him when he decided to poke a few too many not - so - funny fingers in the eye of his then - bosses at General Electric , the movies eventually found their way to Pekar ’s door .
It was his good fortune that husband - and - wife documentarians Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini on their very first narrative feature managed to pull off one of the best movies of the oughts , and my choice , still , for the best comic book adaptation ever with their wonderful and hugely inventive 2003 film version of “ American Splendor ” featuring great lead performances by Paul Giamatti and Hope Davis .
Naturally , I ’ve got a couple of film clips .
The first it ’s 100 % pure , uncut Pekar .
It ’s also not too far from my own frequent train of thought when I ’m shopping in areas rich in retirees of my and Pekar ’s own ethnic .
More clips after the flip .
Here ’s another great scene featuring Judah Friedlander of “ 30 Rock ” — all but unrecognizable — as real - life ultra-nerd and Pekar friend Toby Radloff .
I ’m happy to say that in a few weeks we ’ll be running an interview by me with directors Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini , who have a new film coming out at the end of the month ( “ The Extra Man ” ) .
Otherwise , I ’m kind of bummed .
You see , my one and only encounter with Mr. Pekar was when I bought several of his books from him at his Comicon table at Artist ’s Alley ( technically against the rules , but , hey , this was Harvey Pekar ) .
When he asked me my name and how I wanted them signed I said , it was Bob , that that it did n’t matter .
“ It ’s not like I ’m going to try and fool anybody that we ’re close personal friends or anything , ” I said , waxing a bit Pekarish myself .
“ You just spent thirty bucks on my books .
You are my friend , ” said Pekar .
Its silly , but right now I kinda sorta feel like we are .
Anyhow , this brief clip is probably the Pekar philosophy / experience in a nutshell .
He might have been struggling with depression , among other illnesses and issues , to the very end , but he kept going .
Every day is a brand new deal .
My condolences to Mr. Pekar ’s talented wife and collaborator , Joyce Brabner , and all his friends and fans in the world of comics .
Start your amazon shopping trip by clicking on the ad above ( or click here ) and you 'll help support Farmgirl Fare .
Thanks so much !
Are you looking for a drop - dead gorgeous and easy - to - use theme for your WordPress website ?
Check out Elegant Themes .
You 'll be glad you did .
Most of you already know that I ’m very fond of hand - sketched styles in online digital art .
I ’m a huge fan of wallpapers , websites , logos and design in all forms that can take an organic , textured feel and present it in an impressive , eye - catching way .
Today I ’m pleased to present you with 35 websites that are perfect examples of this .
Each of the sites listed below make clever use of textures and hand - sketched lines creating the perfect illusion of a website being hand - drawn .
Browse though these images and draw from them inspiration as you work to develop your own blog or website .
The Taliban say they have captured two US servicemen in Afghanistan , and Nato confirmed they were missing and scrambled helicopters and planes to search for them .
The US and Nato - led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) said the pair had gone missing after leaving their base in the capital in a vehicle on Friday .
The only other ISAF service member believed held by the Taliban is Idaho National Guardsman Bowe Bergdahl , whose capture in June last year triggered a massive manhunt .
His captors have repeatedly issued videos of him denouncing the war , in what the US military has called illegal propaganda .
Last month was the deadliest of the nine - year war in Afghanistan for foreign troops , with more than 100 killed .
Five ISAF service members were killed in across the country on Saturday , including four by one roadside bomb .
" Two International Security Assistance Force service members departed their compound in Kabul City in a vehicle on Friday afternoon and did not return , " ISAF said in a brief statement .
" The unit dispatched vehicles and rotary - winged assets to search for them and their vehicle , and the search is ongoing . "
A Taliban spokesman said that insurgent commanders had reported the pair was being held and that a third servicemen had been killed .
The ISAF statement did not mention a third service member .
Local radio in Logar , a short but dangerous drive to the south , broadcast appeals from ISAF commanders for information about the two and offering a $ 20,000 ( 12,956 pound ) reward .
" Early this morning two coalition personnel went missing .
They are believed to have been captured by insurgents somewhere in Logar province , " the broadcast said .
" They may have been separated from one another or may be in the process of being moved to another location . "
The statement on local radio described the missing service members as US personnel , last seen wearing standard US military camouflage .
One was described as about six feet ( 183 cm ) tall weighing 220 lb ( 100 kg ) with blond hair and brown eyes .
The other was described as 190 lb ( 86 kg ) , bald with a thin moustache .
Both men have tattoos , the broadcast said .
" Coalition forces are offering US $ 20,000 reward for any information that leads to the successful return of these two , " the radio broadcast said , providing a contact number and no further identification of the men .
Extending jobless benefits could inflate the official unemployment rate — even though more people are n’t out of work .
The government ’s unemployment rate counts only workers who say they ’re looking for work .
To qualify for benefits , a person has to say he or she is looking for work .
When benefits were less generous – or simply unavailable – more jobless workers indicated that they had given up looking , and thus were n’t officially counted as unemployed .
Michael Feroli , a J.P. Morgan Chase Bank economist , says this phenomenon may have boosted the reported unemployment rate by 1.5 percentage points .
Internal Federal Reserve estimates suggest the boost is as much as one percentage point , sparking a debate inside the Fed over whether the official unemployment rate actually overstates the amount of slack in the economy compared to past recessions .
But there is no consensus .
“ The several extensions of emergency unemployment insurance benefits appeared to have raised the measured unemployment rate , relative to levels recorded in past downturns , by encouraging some who have lost their jobs to remain in the labor force , ” according to Federal Open Market Committee minutes from its January meeting .
Some Fed officials warn that comparing the current official unemployment rate to recent history may be misleading and could lead the Fed to overestimate the amount of slack in the economy .
The more idle workers in an economy , the less upward press on prices on wages .
If there ’s actually less slack in the economy than it appears from official measures , the Fed could end up tolerating more inflation than it realizes , these officials argue .
( CNN ) -- Lance Armstrong 's bid for an eighth win in the Tour de France came to a sorry end on a dramatic eighth stage of the Tour de France won by Andy Schleck of Luxembourg .
Australia 's Cadel Evans took over the race leader 's yellow jersey , leading Schleck by just 20 seconds , with defending champion Alberto Contador in third place , one minute and one second down .
Armstrong , riding in his last Tour de France , crashed twice and also got held up as another rider took a tumble on a disastrous day for him and his Radioshack team .
The 38 - year - old American , sporting a bandage on his right arm , came in over 11 minute down on the leading group , crossing the line shortly after Sylvain Chavenel of France , who held the yellow jersey going into Sunday 's stage .
" My Tour is over , " Armstrong told AFP .
" But I will stay in the race .
I will enjoy it , I 'll try and take some pleasure out of it , to support the team .
I 'm not complaining . "
Armstrong took his first tumble just after the start and the second , at high - speed , on the approach to the Col de la Ramaz .
" It 's already hard to come back , hard on the body , " he added .
With Armstrong struggling , Contador 's Astana team set a ferocious pace on the final two climbs of the 189 - km stage from Station des Rousses to Morzine - Avoriaz as they reeled in a breakaway group .
But the Spaniard himself was distanced in the final kilometer by Schleck and compatriot Samuel Sanchez .
Saxo Bank team leader Schleck outsprinted Sanchez to take his first win of the year and establish himself as a major challenger to Contador for the overall honors .
" This puts me in a great position , " he told Eurosport .
World champion Evans and Contador finished in the nine - strong chasing group , 10 seconds behind , which contained most of the other leading contenders , but Britain 's Bradley Wiggins , fourth last year , lost one minute 45 seconds after cracking three kilometers from the finish .
Schleck , second behind Contador last year , saw his brother Frank crash out on the cobbled third stage in Belgium , but helped by teammate Fabian Cancellara , boosted his challenge by finishing in the leading group that day .
Armstrong also lost valuable time on the third stage as he punctured at a crucial moment , but he went into Sunday 's stage with hopes very much alive until the wheels came off in dramatic style .
Teammate and compatriot Levi Leipheimer salvaged some pride for the Radioshack line - up by finishing eighth on the stage and their focus will now be on him for the remainder of the Tour .
Dell is in talks with Google over the use of the Chrome operating system on its laptops , a top company executive said on Monday .
( Reuters ) - Dell Inc is in talks with Google Inc over the use of the Chrome operating system on its laptops , a top company executive said on Monday .
" We have to have a point of view on the industry and technology direction two years , three years down the road , so we continuously work with Google on this , " Amit Midha , Dell 's president for Greater China and South Asia told Reuters in an interview .
" There are going to be unique innovations coming up in the marketplace in two , three years , with a new form of computing , we want to be on that forefront ...
So with Chrome or Android or anything like that we want to be one of the leaders , " Midha said , adding that there were no firm announcements to be made but talks were underway .
Google has said it expects to release its Chrome computer operating system in the " late fall " as it aims a competitive strike at rival Microsoft 's Windows .
Midha said Dell would release a new smartphone for the China market in coming months that would run on the TD - SCDMA network , China 's homegrown third - generation mobile network .
The new smartphone would be released with China Mobile and would be a full - featured smartphone with an inbuilt television tuner , he said .
Dell entered the smartphone market late last year with the release of Mini 3 in China .
Midha said he hoped Dell 's tablet computer , Streak , which would be released in the United States in July , would launch in China by the end of the year , but he stressed that there was no firm date .
( Reporting by Melanie Lee ; Editing by Chris Lewis )
As the oil spreads outward from the BP well in the Gulf of Mexico , so does the economic hardship .
It is now affecting everyone from fishermen and seafood processors to the owners of vacation rentals who cannot attract guests to oil - marred beaches .
In response , BP has opened 25 claims offices across the gulf and sent $ 46 million in checks so far to some 17,500 Gulf Coast residents for their lost income .
Image Chris Camardelle at his bait shop .
He said his check from BP would not offset the income he was expecting this season .
Credit ... Chang W. Lee / The New York Times
But some boat owners , like Mr. Zito , complain that BP is not paying enough .
Others say they have had a hard time getting their claims paid .
BP said another 17,500 claims — about half of all submitted — had yet to be paid because of questions about documentation , which can be hard to come by in a cash industry like fishing .
When President Obama visited here on Friday , he said he did not want to hear that BP was “ nickel - and - diming fishermen or small businesses here in the gulf who are having a hard time , ” while spending billions of dollars on dividends and millions of dollars on advertising .
Darryl Willis , a vice president of BP America who is in charge of the claims process , said the company would honor all legitimate claims .
“ We will make these payments for as long as it takes , ” he said in a conference call with reporters on Saturday .
Mr. Willis said that BP had initially decided to pay all captains $ 5,000 a month and all deckhands $ 2,500 to get the process moving , but that they would readjust and pay more to people who could show that they were losing more because of the spill .
And he said claims adjusters were trying to work with people who lacked documentation , by accepting pay stubs or bank statements from some claimants who lacked tax forms .
New York ( CNN ) --
The dollar is an unreliable international currency and should be replaced by a more stable system , the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs said in a report released Tuesday .
The use of the dollar for international trade came under increasing scrutiny when the U.S. economy fell into recession .
" The dollar has proved not to be a stable store of value , which is a requisite for a stable reserve currency , " the report said .
Many countries , in Asia in particular , have been building up massive dollar reserves .
As a result , those countries ' currencies have become undervalued , decreasing their ability to import goods from abroad .
The World Economic and Social Survey 2010 is supporting a proposal long advocated by the International Monetary Fund to create a standardized international system for liquidity transfer .
Under this proposed system , countries would no longer have to buy up foreign currencies , as China has long done with the U.S. dollar .
Rather , they would accumulate the right to claim foreign currencies , or special drawing rights , or SDRs , rather than the currencies themselves .
The special drawing rights would be backed by a basket of currencies , which would make them less susceptible to volatility in any one currency .
And because the value of a special drawing right is defined by the IMF , changes in the value of any one currency could be adjusted for .
These initiatives , supported by U.N. Secretary - general Ban Ki-moon , are meant to help sustain the international trade and financial systems that will allow less - developed countries to participate and integrate into the global economy .
In addition to the proposed reforms regarding international currency , the survey also offered guidance on increasing social well - being .
The survey said that " the number of the poor in the world living on less than $ 1.25 a day decreased from 1.8 billion in 1990 to 1.4 billion in 2005 , but nearly all of this reduction was concentrated in China . "
The number of poor increased in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia over the same period .
Income inequalities within countries have increased since the early 1980s with few exceptions , the report said .
" There 's too little aid being provided , it 's too fragmented , and it's too volatile in terms of the resources that are flowing to countries , " said Rob Vos , director of the development policy and analysis division of the U.N .
The survey projects that by 2050 the population will be at 9 billion , with 85 percent living in developing countries , and the global economy will have to sustain a system that will allow for " decent living . "
By 2050 , one of every four people living in a developed country and one in every seven in countries now being developed will be over age 65 .
The fast ageing of the population will call for proper pension and health care systems that are sustainable .
By Jerry Mazza
Featured Writer
Dandelion Salad
www.jerrymazza.com
July 2 , 2010
Before “ Old Glory ” gets raised , the burgers and dogs go on the grill ; before the potato salad and coleslaw and other goodies get heaped on your plate , let me lay this pickle next to them … .
First , do you feel independent if you ’re one of the 10 to 20 percent of America ’s unemployed facing your benefits being cut ?
Do you feel independent if your voices expressed in the US government , the Congress and President , seem to be in the pockets of all those multi-large corporations they should be monitoring ?
Do you feel independent if you have a financial bill that does n’t renew the Glass - Steagall Act , which would separate big banks , including “ too big to fail banks ” into either commercial banks or investment banks ?
This would help make investment banks small enough to fail and not blow their depositor ’s money plus investors ’ cash .
Do you feel financially independent since the loopholes in derivatives have not been properly addressed in the financial bill ?
Finance guru Martin Weiss gives you a list of derivatives he calls the Derivative Monster : Alive and Kicking Despite Reforms .
Do you feel independent if you ’re always worried that your bank or brokerage is going under ?
Or that your pension will be cut ?
Or that Social Security , Medicaid or Medicare will be cut , as they have been since the trio ’s inceptions ?
Do you feel independent if you think the stock market , our economy or the world ’s economies are going to fail due to the excessive debt incurred by the financial and government sectors ?
Do you feel independent with the Fed printing your country ’s money pell mell and the Treasury spending it on bailouts ?
Do you feel independent if you ’re facing or have gone through foreclosure as millions of Americans have , victimized by mortgage companies who gave you a loan that you could n’t pay for , or time - bombed it with exploding charges , or both ?
Do you feel independent if the recent Health Reform Bill will give away upwards of $ 400 million dollars to insurance companies to supposedly cover the uninsured ; that is , those who ca n’t pay for insurance when Medicare could have been expanded into a single - payer plan to cover those Americans at a much lower cost ?
Do you feel independent if you ca n’t pay for coverage and you get fined , but need the money for other priorities like food and shelter ?
Do you feel independent if a bridge has fallen in your area , your infrastructure is crumbling , your municipal bond issues failing , signifying bankrupt state and city governments ?
Do you feel independent when you ’re government will be spending $ 3 trillion dollars next year , with 53 cents of every dollar for defense , leaving 47 cents per dollar for everything else ?
Do you feel independent when the national debt is $ 12.5 trillion ?
Or do you feel owned by China and other creditors ?
Do you feel independent when the majority of Americans voted for Obama “ to stop the dumb wars ” while he ’s escalated the Afghanistan war that spilled into Pakistan ?
Do you feel independent about the Senate debating giving him $ 33 billion more for war , that is , on top of the $ 30 billion he got a short while back ?
Do you feel independent when no one in government seems to be listening as you say “ not , ” as if they ’re deaf , dumb and blind ?
Do you feel independent when Internet Czar Cass Sunstein wants to fine you if you write something that ’s not the government party line , or wants a pop - up leading you back to the US point of view like a Viagra ad when you ’re looking for the truth ?
Do you feel independent when you know the NSA has the right to monitor all foreign and domestic calls you make or emails that you write ?
Do you feel independent knowing Big Brother is looking over your shoulder 24/7 ?
Do you feel independent when you hear about internment camps for protestors being built around the USA ?
Do you feel independent when Arizona police can stop you if you ’re Latino just for the hell of it ?
Do you feel independent when a major oil company , BP , ca n’t stop a major oil disaster in the Gulf in more than two months , and does n’t seem to have a clue , no matter what the government says to them ?
And do you feel independent when the Minerals Management Service , established to prevent disasters like this was in bed ( literally ) with BP , reducing standards , failing to have plans let alone back - up plans for dealing with the noxious results ?
And do you feel independent when Hydraulic Fracturing ( Fracking ) for natural gas can poison your drinking water with some 596 toxic chemicals , with the possibility of some 40 trillion gallons of chemically infused water created by the drilling so far .
Do you feel independent when you turn on your faucet and the gas - infused water that pours out can be set on fire with your cigarette lighter ?
Do you feel independent when your major city is next on the list to have fracking and poisoned water flow from reservoirs to the populace ?
Do you feel independent to know that in 2005 Vice President Dick Cheney exempted fracking from many long - standing environmental regulations , most notably the Safe Drinking Water Act ?
Does the sum total of this short list of questions and another a hundred times longer that you or I could compile make you feel independent ?
Or does it make you feel as if you ’re living in a country whose government is occupied by an army of corporate lobbyists representing private interests far beyond your power — and you must remain silent and cross-eyed ?
Does it make you feel independent that all the massive tax cuts have benefited just the wealthiest people in our country ?
And that many of these people want to cut your Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , corporate pension or health plans , for more personal enrichment ?
Does it make you feel independent to know the middle class is being wiped out to enrich the wealthy ?
Do you feel independent knowing that the working class is struggling to keep its head above water ?
Do you feel independent knowing that all this was a plan inaugurated by right - winger Ronald Reagan in 1980 , the president who quadrupled the deficit with bigger military spending and tax cuts ?
What ’s wrong with that picture ?
Do you feel independent knowing Democrats ( the working man ’s party ) all along the way have joined in to bloat the military and cut social programs , including public school education at every level ?
Do you feel independent when the Tea -Baggers ask the government “ to get off their backs ” instead of asking government “ to get on the case ” and make laws and regulations to control free - trade , which is definitely not free of corruption , and outright “ Wall Street - style stealing ” in countless ways from the US taxpayer .
Do you feel independent knowing that depleted uranium ( DU ) used in US Weaponry to increase its “ bang ” or “ protective ” ability is poisoning the US military , as well as the people of Central Asia and the Mideast ; and that writers like myself will be maligned by Department of Defense assets for writing this ?
Do you feel independent not being told DU is made with Uranium 238 that aerosolizes when it explodes on impact into the atmosphere , poisoning earth , air and water as well as the human and animal immune systems ?
Do you feel independent knowing that your mainstream media wo n’t report on most of these issues because they are controlled by the dollars of multi-national corporations who do n’t want to rock the entertainment rowboat with reality ?
Do you feel independent knowing that the 9/11 Commission was not independent and that each member was tied to the Bush administration , and that its report should properly be called the 9/11 Commission of Omissions ’ Report ?
Do you feel independent knowing that 9/11 , compromised as it was , was the inciting incident for the “ War on Terror , ” which movie is still running in Afghanistan , Iraq , Pakistan , Somalia , and so on , having swallowed $ 3 trillion so far and 3 million lives ?
These are only a few of my favorite questions concerning your independence and mine on July 4 , 2010 , Independence Day , as it was named by our forefathers , the signers of the Declaration of Independence , the framers of our Constitution .
Oh , and by the way , do you feel independent knowing that the USA PATRIOT ACT was and is unconstitutional and that torture and rendition are still sanctioned , and that the president now has the power to send assassination teams to anywhere in the world to kill whomever he deems involved with terrorism .
Is that not a form of terror itself ?
But by now , I ’ve probably given you agita .
I apologize , but the truth shall set you free as long as you keep asking questions and feeling independent enough to do so .
Silence is the handmaiden of tyranny .
Remember that today , everyday .
And have a good weekend .
Maybe take a minute to make your own list of people , places , or events that do n’t make you feel free .
After all , the Declaration says our government derives its “ just powers from the consent of the governed .
That whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it , and to institute new government … ”
Jerry Mazza is a freelance writer , life - long resident of New York City .
His book “ State Of Shock – Poems from 9/11 on ” is available at www.jerrymazza.com, Amazon.com and Barnesandnoble.com .
see
All Power to the Casinos & Let the Devil Take the Hindmost !
Who Needs A Social Safety Net? by Glen Ford
Hammering the Poor and Vulnerable by Ralph Nader
Americans are Hanging on by their Fingertips by Dennis Kucinich
Who Will Pay , Wall Street or Main Street – The Tobin Tax or The Vat ? by Dr. Ellen Brown
On the edge with Max Keiser : Michael Hudson on Junk Economics and Feudalism
More than 100 children have died of lead poisoning in Nigeria in recent weeks , health officials say .
The number has been rising since March , when residents started digging illegally for gold in areas with high concentrations of lead .
The victims were from several remote villages in the northern state of Zamfara .
A total of 163 out of 355 cases of poisoning have proved fatal , a Nigerian health ministry official told Reuters .
Dr Henry Akpan , the health ministry 's chief epidemiologist , said : " [ The victims ] were digging for gold , but the areas also have large concentrations of lead . "
Health authorities have set up two camps in the area to treat people who are suffering symptoms of lead poisoning .
Contaminated water ?
The deaths were discovered during the country 's annual immunisation programme , when officials realised there were virtually no children in several remote villages in the northern state , says the BBC's Abdullai Kaura Abubakar in Kaduna .
Villagers said the children had died of malaria and it was only when a team from international aid agency Medecins Sans Frontiers took blood tests from local people that the high concentrations of lead were discovered .
Zamfara State had recently employed a Chinese company to mine gold in the area , adds our correspondent .
But villagers had also attempted to capitalise by digging for the precious metal themselves - an illegal activity in Nigeria .
It is likely locals became sick after lead removed during the process of refining gold ore contaminated local water systems , our correspondent says .
TUESDAY PM UPDATE # 3 : Fox 31 ’s Eli Stokols :
Cole Finegan , managing partner at Hogan Lovells , formerly Hogan & Hartson , where McInnis was employed prior to taking a leave of absence in January of this year , would not discuss whether the apparent plagiarism case would jeopardize McInnis ’ possible return to the firm .
He emphasized the firm was not involved …
“ I think there are a lot of Republicans , smart Republicans , around the state who are scratching their heads right now saying , ‘ We pushed Josh Penry out of the race to get this ? ’ , ” said Eric Sondermann , a political analyst .
“ It is black and white .
This is something everyone learns early on , that you do n’t take credit for someone else ’s work . ”
TUESDAY PM UPDATE # 2 : Just in from the Colorado Statesman ’s Ernest Luning–ladies and gentlemen , we give you Bob Schaffer ’s revenge .
Perhaps the most telling message … was a straight - faced tweet from Fort Collins Republican Bob Schaffer , who lost a U.S. Senate bid in 2008 to Democrat Mark Udall in a race McInnis said – on the eve of the election – that he could have won .
“ Family Foundation miffed it paid $ 300 k to congressman for plagarized work & no-shows , ” read a message Schaffer sent Tuesday morning to his Twitter followers …
[ Pols emphasis ]
A week before the election , with Schaffer down in the polls , McInnis boasted to the online news site The Colorado Independent that he “ would have beat Udall , ” and said his “ biggest threat was getting through the primary . ”
He blamed “ radical elements ” in his own party for thwarting his ambitions .
TUESDAY PM UPDATE : Scott McInnis chooses his response …poorly .
9NEWS ’ Adam Schrager :
“ This is a non-issue if it ’s not a political year .
Voters do n’t really care about this issue .
They care about jobs , getting back to work . ”
McInnis told 9NEWS …
More realistic appraisals of the situation are considerably bleaker :
[ 9NEWS Political Analyst Floyd ]
Cirulli says the way McInnis handles the situation , especially over the next 24 hours , could have a major impact on his campaign .
“ It could end his campaign , frankly , I think it ’s that serious , ” Cirulli said .
[ Pols emphasis ]
TUESDAY AM UPDATE # 3 : In a statement from Colorado Ethics Watch , Director Luis Toro opens a more serious discussion of consequences :
The reports that Congressman McInnis ’ water essays for the Hasan Family Foundation contained plagiarized material , if true , raise serious questions about McInnis ’ compliance with the ethics rules that apply to all Colorado lawyers .
The Colorado Rules of Professional Conduct specifically warn lawyers against conduct involving dishonesty or misrepresentation and against failure to adequately supervise their non-attorney staff .
[ Pols emphasis ]
TUESDAY AM UPDATE # 2 : The Colorado Statesman ’s Ernest Luning has more from Malik Hasan , as well as a response from McInnis ’ primary opponent Dan Maes :
“ I think it ’s important that we find the truth out , and if the truth reveals ( the articles were ) indeed plagiarized , it ultimately is the congressman ’s responsibility no matter who did it , ” Maes told The Statesman .
“ He can try to lay it on someone else , but ultimately , it ’s his responsibility . ”
Maes – who has had his own run of bad press recently over campaign finance allegations – stopped short of condemning his opponent .
But that did n’t stop him from tweaking McInnis : “ Maybe he is n’t as well versed in water as he leads everybody to believe he is . ”
[ Pols emphasis ]
If the articles were plagiarized , McInnis might have to refund the money he was paid to write them , Maes suggested .
“ I think he should be subject to whatever laws or policies apply in this situation if indeed he did plagiarize , ” Maes said .
“ And if returning the money is one option , it should certainly be considered . ”
Something tells us Maes has another “ option ” in mind for McInnis , too .
TUESDAY AM UPDATE : A statement from the Hasan Foundation :
In light of the accusations against Scott McInnis regarding plagiarism of articles to the Hasan Family Foundation , I am shocked , angry and disappointed .
Any work related to the fellowship that Mr. McInnis submitted was always represented as final .
At no time , whatsoever , did Mr. McInnis communicate that any of the work were “ rough drafts . ”
Any representation that they were submitted to the Foundation as “ rough drafts ” is absolutely incorrect .
In addition , there were never discussions nor any knowledge by the Foundation that Mr. McInnis was working with a “ research advisor . ”
If indeed Mr. McInnis was working with a “ research advisor , ” it was never brought to our attention , nor authorized .
The work that the Foundation hired Mr. McInnis to do was to be done solely by Mr. McInnis , and not in concert with anyone else … [ a ]ll work was represented to be original and final .
We will conduct an independent , internal investigation and if the allegations are proven to be true , we will demand Mr. McInnis return all monies paid to him by the Foundation .
A very bad story for GOP gubernatorial candidate Scott McInnis is in the process of breaking at the state ’s newspaper of record , as well as at least one television station–all rolling out as we write .
Passages from McInnis’ “ Musings on Water ” articles , for which he was reportedly paid some $ 300,000 by the Malik and Seeme Hasan Foundation , have been found to be both word - for - word lifted , as well as subject to easily identifiable token changes from an original article printed in 1984 by now - Colorado Supreme Court Justice Gregory Hobbs in the periodical Colorado Water Rights .
Here ’s a link to the original article from the CSU library , surprisingly easy to Google :
http://digitool.library.colost…
And below the fold you ’ll find McInnis ’ “ Musings on Water ” articles .
Scroll to page 125 , find this :
And if you look at page 7 of the Summer 1984 issue of Colorado Water Rights , you ’ll find this :
This being one , small , example of what appears to be a major problem for Scott McInnis ’ “ sweet ” $ 300,000 deal .
We ’ll leave the rest crowdsourced for now –there will reportedly be more in the paper tomorrow from this and other writings of Justice Hobbs ’ , and by the time that publishes in the morning we expect our readers will have found a significant number among the two documents we ’ve linked to in this post ( start in McInnis ’ “ Green Mountain Saga ” article beginning page 107 ) .
This was not some isolated case or missing footnote .
It ’s widespread , and it ’s obvious .
We hope it goes without saying , given that our readers are generally college educated , that such pervasive plagiarism as you will find in these two documents goes well beyond anything acceptable –we remember having this beat into our heads in college ; there is probably nothing more terrifying to an undergraduate student than being accused of lifting somebody else ’s work .
And folks , do you remember a man named Ward Churchill ?
It ’s our understanding that , uh , Colorado Republicans really frown on academic fraud .
The funny thing about Churchill was how few responsible people on the left were willing to defend him , even though there are free speech and political implications all over that story .
The reason was simple : he was a plagiarist .
We ’ve seen a few knockout punches against Colorado candidates in our time : Bob Schaffer and Jack Abramoff , Rick O’Donnell ’s trip to Panama , and Bob Beauprez had three or four race - ending blows –he was nominally still in at the end , but not by much .
Tell us this does n’t have “ spend more time with my family ” written all over it .
UPDATE : 7NEWS has much , much more .
Here we go .
The campaign for Republican candidate for Governor Scott McInnis has admitted that substantial sections of an article he wrote on water rights was copied from a previously published work , the CALL7 Investigators have learned .
A McInnis spokesman claimed a research advisor provided the content , but in the end , the work was submitted for publication under McInnis ’ name …
“ Justice Hobbs should have been cited .
It is regrettable .
It ’s inappropriate , ” said McInnis spokesperson Sean Duffy on Monday .
7NEWS ’ investigative team found at least five major examples , not including the one we cited above .
And we can already tell you there are more .
It ’s called a “ disaster . ”
McInnis Water Articles
These five Nexus
One smartphones may seem to have defects , but there 's actually nothing wrong with their AMOLED screens -- the funky colors are an attempt to improve battery life by turning off unnecessary sub-pixel LEDs .
Hooking up his handset to an industrial power meter , Android engineer Jeff Sharkey discovered a blood - red screen drew 42 percent less current than full color -- the least of any combination by far -- purportedly doubling the effective battery life of the phone .
While you 're probably not going to be able to test the requisite software patch for yourself unless you 're mildly familiar with Google code , you 'll find a video of the crimson wonder after the break to fuel your dreams of a eyestrain - free astronomy cheat sheet ... and Android bullfighting , of course .
Ever thought about how those Wallstreet Brokers lived , while speculating with your money and burning it in the financial crisis ?
In this documentary you see the homes of Billionaires and multi Millionaires who earned their money on Wallstreet , the good way and the bad way .
The Beginnings Of Palin 2012
Sarah Palin's Political Action Committee is starting to look more and more like the beginnings of a run for the White House .
Doug Mataconis · · 8 comments
A new campaign finance report suggests what many have suspected for some time , that Sarah Palin is putting together an organization that looks for all the world like the beginnings of a run for the White House :
A new financial report filed Sunday evening showed Sarah Palin ’s political action committee has taken its fundraising to a higher level – and suggests that she has begun building a more sophisticated political operation in place of a bare - bones organization powered mostly by her rock star status and scrappy on - line presence .
The report , filed with the Federal Election Commission , shows that Palin ’s political action committee raised more money in the second quarter of this year – $ 866,000 – than it had in any previous three - month stretch since Palin formed the group in January 2009 .
The committee , SarahPAC , also spent nearly twice as much – $ 742,000 – as it had in any previous quarter , the lion ’s share of which went to the type of list - building and fundraising ( including its first major direct - mail campaign ) that typically undergird top - tier political committees .
It also reported its biggest - ever round of donations to candidates – $ 87,50 – and its highest outlays for travel costs , including $ 17,000 on private jet fare to crisscross the country for high - profile political speaking gigs , and speechwriting .
It also showed continued payments for that speechwriting as well as foreign and domestic policy consulting , and its first ever payments to a scheduler .
In short , for the first time since the 2008 campaign when she was the vice - presidential running mate to GOP presidential candidate John McCain , Palin is supported by a political operation befitting someone considering a presidential run .
This report comes just a few days after SarahPAC released a new ad drawing on the “ Mama Grizzlies ” theme that Palin has been repeating in speeches across this country this year :
Now , personally , this ad does nothing for me .
In fact , I find it a little grating .
However , you ca n’t deny that it ’s professionally done and that it ’s meant to send a message about Palin that seems to be resonating with some parts of the Republican electorate , even though she would likely be the Republican equivalent of Walter Mondale :
Like Mondale in ’ 84 , she would represent to the general election audience of 2012 just about everything they ’d rejected in 2008 ( and 2006 ) .
In nominating her , Republicans would be saying to the country , “ We have learned nothing these last four years .
We have changed nothing . ”
Moreover , today ’s GOP calls to mind the Democratic Party of ’ 82 and ’ 83 : an aggrieved , resurgent base asserting itself after an electoral drubbing , believing with all its might that inevitable midterm blues facing the new president mean more than they actually do .
That is the environment that produced Walter Mondale in 1984 .
And it ’s the environment that could produce a similar debacle for Republicans in 2012 .
And yet , like lemmings about to blindly leap off a cliff , there is a distinct possibility that Republicans will nominate her in 2012 and thus pass up what is shaping up to be an excellent opportunity to retake the White House .
Sarah Palin is giving all the signs of running for President , folks , and the GOP may just be dumb enough to nominate her .
Speaking of Ron Paul , his son Rand is no longer the frontrunner for the Senate seat from Kentucky .
According to Public Policy Polling , he 's now tied at 43 % with his Democratic opponent Jim Conway .
Here 's the most devastating part :
The more Kentucky voters get to know Rand Paul , the less they like him .
When PPP first polled the race in December Paul 's favorability was a +3 spread at 26 / 23 .
By May it was a - 7 spread at 28/35 .
Now it 's a - 8 spread at 34 / 42 .
The national media attention Paul has received has hurt his cause with voters in the state - 38 % say it has made them less likely to support Paul while 29 % say it has made them more inclined to vote for him and 33 % say it has n't had an impact on their attitude toward Paul one way or the other .
Why is n't Rand surging ?
Perhaps he stumbled a bit with his impolitic answer regarding the Civil Rights Amendment ( he decline to say whether the government should enforce integration at the level of private institutions ) , and his comments about how the unemployed should just get lower - paying jobs may not have gone over well , either .
This will appall people , but if you 're an investor , and your interest is the short - to - medium term , you should probably welcome the bloom coming off the tea party rose .
Yes , we probably need to do something severe about the deficit , but if you own stocks , you want stimulus and spending .
You do n't want to see demand retrenchment .
LEH , INDIA —
In the high - altitude desert of the Indian trans - Himalayas , one man is buying time for villagers suffering from global warming by creating artificial glaciers .
The ancient kingdom of Ladakh is the highest inhabited region on Earth .
Wedged between Pakistan , Afghanistan and China , Ladakh consists entirely of mountains and is home to a mostly Tantric Buddhist population .
In the so - called rain shadow of the Himalayas , Ladakh receives just five centimeters of rainwater a year — about the same as the Sahara Desert .
The population is entirely dependent on glacier and snowmelt to irrigate crops .
Global warming has hit the region particularly hard .
Around the principal town of Leh , most of the glaciers have disappeared in the past 15 years .
The snow line has risen more than 150 meters , and remaining glaciers have retreated by as much as 10 kilometers .
These glaciers are now at high altitudes , far from the villages , where they do n't produce significant meltwater until May or June .
The villagers here are particularly vulnerable because they experience such a brief summer .
If they do n't plant their one annual crop of barley , peas or wheat by late March , there will be no time for it to mature to harvest before winter begins in September , after which the temperature drops below – 30 degrees Celsius .
With villages emptying as people seek a living in Indian megacities , retired civil engineer Chewang Norphel has decided to do something about the worsening situation .
" Water is the most precious commodity here .
People are fighting each other for it : in the irrigation season , even brother and sister or father and son are fighting over water .
It is against our tradition and our Buddhist teachings , but people are desperate , " Norphel , a Ladakhi native , says .
" Peace depends on water . "
View a slideshow of the artifical glacier at work
A couple who decided to engage in kinky BDSM sex now face prosecution after police decided to file charges of aggravated assault against the man , despite both parties consenting .
The couple , a 32 - year - old man and a 16 - year - old girl ( the age of consent in Sweden is 15 ) , met on a Swedish sex website and struck up a steamy BDSM - based relationship .
The girl , apparently the masochist of the pair , wrote in a letter that she wanted to be “ used , abused and thoroughly humiliated , ” and her sadistic partner was only too happy to oblige , locking her into a cage and applying nipple clamps , amongst other acts .
However , a relative of the girl noticed bruises left over from their play , and police soon stuck their nose in with a view to arresting the man .
The public prosecutor is outraged at the consenting couple ’s dungeon antics , conceding that whilst she cannot charge the man with rape due to the consenting nature of their sex , she can still charge him with aggravated assault whether both parties consented or not :
“ What I want to establish is that even if they say they are in agreement over this then you not allowed to seriously assault someone .
It is on this issue that the district court has to issue a ruling , is this aggravated assault and was she able to agree to it ? ”
Sweden apparently allows consenting parties to beat each other ’s brains out if they do so in the ring , as with boxing or similar , but it may very well not be permissible to engage in rough sex or BDSM play , consent or no .
The defendant is said to be calling an expert in sadomasochism to testify on his behalf , in a case which could soon be giving police in less radical nations ideas about how to finally get rid of their unwanted perverts without falling foul of tedious arguments over civil liberties – simply accuse them of violence against women .
Leftist gender politics appear to have come full circle – once intended to free women from traditional restrictions , advocates of such politics now use them to restrict and control others , imposing censorship and anti-sex laws in the name of protecting women and girls from male bestiality .
Indeed , feminism is now ironically proving far more effective than traditional religious concerns in imposing moralist laws on the public – few things are now considered more harmful than something potentially injurious to the rights of women .
GULF SHORES , Ala . —
Each summer , a ritual millions of years old unfolds on this beach .
A 300 - pound loggerhead turtle drags herself out of the water for the first time since her birth , probably on the same beach , 18 years ago .
Under the moonlight , she kicks a 2 - foot - deep hole into the sand , drops in a gleaming heap of eggs , covers it and then lumbers back out to sea .
Two months later , 100 or more tiny turtles will scratch their way up through the sand , glimpse the shine of the moon and stars on the water that serves as some kind of celestial GPS , and head for the sea .
But the five remaining species of sea turtles that inhabit the Gulf of Mexico are facing not just a threat to that ritual , but even to their survival .
More than 350 turtles have been found dead or foundering along the Gulf Coast since the April 20 BP oil well blowout , a number wildlife biologists find alarming .
At least 62 turtles have been found covered in oil .
Rescuers in Gulfport , Miss. , on Thursday were called to collect 20 turtle carcasses , the highest daily number they have ever recorded .
Researchers say there is no way of knowing how many more turtles have perished at sea .
" Before , we did n't deal much with dead turtles .
The calls we'd get were few and far between , " said Tim Hoffland , director of animal care at the Institute for Marine Mammal Studies in Gulfport .
" But since this oil spill , it 's just gone berserk .
I 'm getting calls from my people saying they can't even walk a quarter - mile on the beach without running into dead turtles .
It 's crazy . "
The turtle deaths pose a complex forensics mystery for scientists , many of whom say they are not ready to blame it all on the oil spill .
Many of the stranded turtles , for example — five times the number seen in recent years — have been caught by fishing hooks .
Toxicology tests will try to determine whether a toxic algae bloom may have killed some of the animals .
" What we 're doing is a CSI for sea turtles , " said Michael Ziccardi , director of the Oiled Wildlife Care Network at University of California , Davis , who has been working in the field to help diagnose the deaths .
" We 're taking all of that information and pursuing the clues to try to see why these animals are dying . "
It 's been written about , photographed and documented on film , but still no - one really knows why so many shoes are hanging from powerlines around the world .
From sexy to sinister , the reasons behind sneaker - tossing have become the stuff of urban legend and in the 1990s it was even given its own term : ' shoefiti ' .
Popular theories are that they signify gangland turf , drug houses , that someone 's recently lost their virginity , or just a plain old schoolyard prank .
South Australian film - maker Matthew Bate spent most of his holiday to the US a few years ago looking up , and was so intrigued by shoefiti that he made a short film about it called Flying Kicks .
The film has since won several awards and is screening at the Melbourne Film Festival this month .
" I got emails literally from all over the world giving me all these theories about why it happens and it just went from there really , " he said .
" The film is like a global Chinese whisper in a way .
Somewhere along the line there may have been a grain of truth and these theories get passed along , especially on the internet .
" Somewhere along the line the truth gets expanded and turns into myth and legend .
" The classics are that it 's a drug - dealing spot ... the other classic is that it marks gang territory , and that one 's absolutely true .
" I heard from people in Argentina who said it was a mafia symbol , or in Spain that the local mafia were using it as a symbol that they have a deal with the local cops where if they saw a pair of sneakers in a particular neighbourhood then the cops had to stay out of there .
" In different countries it has different meanings .
The one in the film is that in Sydney when boys lose their virginity they toss up their sneakers as a kind of rite of passage .
" One that really stuck with me when I made the film is that people do it because it 's almost like a memory - they toss them up there to mark their territory .
" We do that in many ways ; we have children , we make art - all these things that somehow leave a legacy that we somehow existed on this planet . "
Allan Hurley says there might be something in the theory that it signifies a drug dealer 's den , after he and his flatmates moved into a Brisbane house that had sneakers over the power lines out the front .
" People would turn up and just rev their engine or flash their lights at the front of the house .
We never went out to see what was going on , but they 'd sit around for a while then eventually leave , " he said .
" We knew about the drug dealer theory beforehand but it was confirmed later on when the people who lived up the road told us that drug dealers used to live there .
" It did n't happen all the time , just a few times a week and mostly Friday and Saturday nights , as you 'd expect .
My housemate eventually called Energex and they took them down . "
Energex spokesman Danny Donald has his own theory about it and says it 's not just shoes that workers have to unwind from power lines across Australia .
" We 've had to collect bras off powerlines and everything from dog chains to shoes - all sorts of things .
It 's amazing what sorts of things can end up there , " he said .
" The bra one happened during schoolies in 2007 .
Someone was hanging their washing out on the balcony and the young student called and asked us to get it off the powerlines .
" It happens mostly around school zones and more often at the end of the year during graduation .
Universities seem to throw up hats , but in primary and high schools in Queensland they seen to throw up their shoes . "
Bate reckons it 's the simply baffling mystery of it all that has turned shoefiti into such a phenomenon .
" People pose these questions and want them answered via blogs .
They see it out in the world then go back and type it into Google : ' why do people toss sneakers over power lines ? ' " he said .
" There are hundreds of thousands of websites and bloggers out there asking the question and people all over the world have their own reasons for it .
" It 's impossible to know because it 's just a thing .
I did find one source in a book somewhere that mentioned there were a pair of workers boots tossed up and this was in the 1890s .
" I think people need answers for anything and when there are n't definite answers then this is when the mythologising comes into it and that 's great .
" That 's why I wanted to make the film , I love these truths and half - truths .
Somewhere along the line there might be an absolute truth but we 'll never really know and that 's the beauty of it . "
But for all the theories and documentation about shoefiti , it 's rare to actually spot someone in the act of sneaker - tossing - they seem to just appear there one day , dangling in the wind .
" It 's like spotting Sasquatch .
I 've done it myself and it's kind of scary because it 's illegal for a start I imagine , so you go out under the cover of night and toss them up , " Bate said .
" But it 's a rare thing to see someone actually do it and it's hard to actually get them up there ; it takes quite a few goes .
" It 's a beautiful , incongruous image that you have this thing that 's designed to walk on the Earth and there it is floating about you in the sky .
It 's a beautiful juxtaposition . "
It was n't a major cock - up .
He did n't pat Michelle Obama on the bottom , spill tea on the rug in the Oval Office , or offer to take the President 's dog out hunting , but David Cameron 's diplomatic slip was significant enough .
On a tour of New York with Mayor Bloomberg the Prime Minister asked a street vendor for a plain hot dog .
No mustard , no onions , nada .
In one hot minute he lost the respect of every proud , food - loving American .
It 's not the first time Cameron 's conservative tastes have been exposed .
While he and Nick Clegg thrashed out the final details of the coalition , the Prime Minister cooked them a supper of ham , baked potatoes and salad .
It seems our PM is n't much of a gourmet .
I mean , come on Dave , seriously , a hot dog without onions and American mustard – what on earth were you thinking ?
Such chow is nothing without its accompaniments .
Some foods beg for a splodge of phone box red or atomic yellow dressing : hot dogs , ham , scampi and burgers .
A kebab without garlic mayonnaise and chilli sauce is but a spectre , chips without ketchup are desiccating and mealy .
I am always baffled that in France a near - perfect ham and cheese baguette comes without mustard , and polite requests for a dash of Dijon are frequently met with incredulity .
In the UK there are burger joints that bring your food and ask if you 'd like any sauces .
Just how often do people decline ?
Bring the lot , I say .
Byron , a burger gaff that has earned something of a cult status , is famous for its homemade sauce , " a subtle blend of ketchup , mayo , chopped pickles and capers " , reveals owner Tom Byng of his suspiciously thousand island - esque dressing .
" It 's so good applied thinly to the bun or for dunking chips in . "
Huw Gott , owner of London steakhouse The Hawksmoor , is also encouragingly fond of condiments .
" I think burgers need a bit of lube " , he says .
" I 've toured some of the best burger joints in New York and most of the patties are pretty bland .
The pleasure in a burger comes from the mix of flavours and textures . "
Captions below , please .
Photograph : Shannon Stapleton / Reuters
But it is n't always this simple .
Certain dishes seem incomplete without ketchup , and yet adding it carries a certain guilty , childish pleasure .
Fish pie , macaroni cheese and cottage pie just are n't the same without a squirt of the red stuff .
Chef Tom Aikens agrees : " it 's comfort food " .
But what would you say if someone asked for Tommy K with poached turbot ?
" I 'd say no " , replies Aikens .
Nico Ladenis , a chef infamous for his view that " the customer is not always right " , allegedly sent an entire sack of salt out to a table after a diner had the barefaced cheek to ask for some seasoning .
Such sensitivity about one 's culinary creations is not restricted to the realms of chefs and prima donnas .
I 'd like to pretend that I 'm the kind of cook who is happy to leave such decisions to the individual , but that would be a lie .
I was livid when my brother shook Tabasco over a roast chicken , and just a little hurt when a friend actually went next door to his flat , took a pot of cream from the fridge , came back , and poured it over a tagine I 'd lovingly made .
When someone has put the time and effort into cooking for you it is somewhat inconsiderate to fart about with their efforts .
Unless a condiment is offered , or unless the dish falls into the hot dog , nothing - without - the - condiment category , then the best policy is to go without , austere as this may seem .
It tends to be obvious when a condiment is called for .
The best – or most appropriate – condiments enhance .
A sausage without mustard is like McCartney without Lennon – perfectly adequate but not nearly as exciting .
Poppadoms without mango chutney or a minty yoghurt are dry , brittle frisbees .
So Dave , just remember for next time , that good politics is sometimes just a question of having the right sauces .
Which condiment could you not live without , and which foods demand it ?
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Andy Murray may support " anyone but England " in the football but new research reveals his roots lie south of the border .
As the Scots tennis ace powered into the Wimbledon semi-final , genealogy experts traced his roots to England .
Website TheGenealogist.co.uk has discovered Andy 's maternal grandmother was born to English parents from York and Berwick - upon - Tweed .
One Englishman already supporting Murray was Sir Michael Caine , who watched his centre court victory with Ben Stiller and his wife Christine .
Murray , 23 , screamed with delight after finishing off Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in a four - set match .
And he said last night winning his first Grand Slam at Wimbledon would be " extra special " .
But he warned : " I 'm a long , long way from doing that .
" Six sets away , and I have to beat the No 1 in the world if I even want to have a chance of doing that . "
He admitted he will have to be at his very best to beat Spaniard Rafael Nadal in tomorrow 's semi-final .
Murray added : " He 's playing great .
Psychologically , I need to believe that I can win the match .
" That 's the important thing . "
Bookies made him the shortest price Brit to win Wimbledon since Fred Perry in 1936 .
William Hill had him at 11/5 , second favourite behind Nadal who is the 5/4 .
Ticket agencies reported a surge in interest in the men's singles final following Murray 's emphatic win .
Centre Court final tickets are selling for £ 6,000 but prices are expected to rise to up to £ 25,000 .
Thousands more fans will watch on Henman Hill , fast becoming known as Murray Mount .
robot , then see Sleepy - Time .
If you were looking for the article about the , then see
" Sleepy Time " is a SpongeBob SquarePants episode from season one .
In this episode , SpongeBob visits the dreams of others .
Characters
Synopsis
After settling for bed in the evening and sleeping , SpongeBob has a strange dream where he is driving a hot rod in a Krabby Patty - themed location and he has his driver 's license , then crashes into a rock .
However , Mrs. Puff appears and tears up SpongeBob 's license , and he is then propelled out of his own dream .
He appears as a small , glowing version of himself in the outside world , where he sees himself sleeping .
SpongeBob realizes that he has no dream to go to , until he sees Gary 's dream cloud .
He then jumps in , frightening Gary .
In his dream , Gary has a humanoid body who can speak English and resides in a huge library .
Gary tells SpongeBob some limericks before SpongeBob goes out of Gary 's dream cloud and into Patrick's .
Patrick 's dream is completely empty , except for a kiddy ride that he is riding on and a door resembling that of SpongeBob 's front door that leads out of the dream .
SpongeBob explains to him that in a dream , he can do whatever he wants , which he demonstrates by changing size and creating a million copies of himself .
Patrick says he 's already satisfied , and SpongeBob goes out of Patrick 's dream cloud .
The ride then stops and Patrick takes out a quarter but drops it in a sewer grid .
Next , he goes into Squidward 's dream , where Squidward is playing his clarinet for a king in a theater .
SpongeBob distracts the king by telling him a limerick that Gary recited in his dream , and Squidward stops , mad at SpongeBob for invading his dream .
The king growls at him for not playing .
After this happens several times , Squidward becomes so angry that he snaps his clarinet , but SpongeBob saves him by turning into a clarinet .
It produces no sound , and SpongeBob just sings horribly , which surprisingly everybody applauds at .
A crowd then picks up SpongeBob while throwing Squidward into a fruit cart , wondering how he can make such music .
He then transforms back into his normal form and runs out the exit doors at the back of the theater .
Squidward is knocked into the fruit cart by the audience and the king while they chase SpongeBob as he exits the dream .
SpongeBob goes into Sandy 's dream , where they are skydiving and have to land on a painted target .
SpongeBob asks if it's " kind of dangerous , " and Sandy says " Not as long as you got a big ol ' parachute . "
SpongeBob misunderstands her twice ( such perceiving " pair of shoes " and " parakeet " ) , and while trying to explain to him , Sandy fails to open her own parachute in time and lands in a truck filled with clam manure .
SpongeBob falls out of Sandy 's dream and says to himself " All right , that 's it .
No more messing with people 's dreams . "
However , he then goes to what he thinks is Mr. Krabs ' dream but actually is Pearl 's dream , where she is having a tea party with her stuffed animals in a very childish and girlish setting .
After realizing this , he immediately goes to Mr. Krabs ' dream , where he 's fishing for money .
Mr. Krabs instructs SpongeBob to pull out his money net from his back pocket , which turns out to be Mr. Krabs ' wallet .
SpongeBob and Mr. Krabs manage to catch Moby dollar , but it escapes and Mr. Krabs shoots SpongeBob out of the dream via a harpoon gun tied to SpongeBob .
He is launched directly into Plankton 's dream .
Plankton , in his dream , is a giant monster and can shoot lasers from his eye , and is destroying the city .
SpongeBob realizes that it is n't a dream , but a nightmare .
Once Gary is about to be crushed by Plankton , SpongeBob pricks his foot by turning into a pushpin , and Plankton deflates .
The angry Bikini Bottomites close in on him and Plankton tells them that he guesses he has some explaining to do , but gets his punishment by being stepped on by everyone else .
Plankton then wakes up in terror .
SpongeBob then goes back to his own dream cloud , where the angry faces of everyone who 's dreams he entered appear around him .
When he wakes up , everyone is in his house complaining that he 's messed up their dreams and tells him to stay out .
Patrick then appears and asks " Does anyone have a quarter ? " then everybody looks at Patrick in confusion and the episode ends .
Production
Art
Music
( ‣ )
Associated production music
( • ) Original music
( ◦ ) SpongeBob music
‣ Island Romance - George de Fretes , Jan Rap [ title card ]
‣ Vibe Link ( a ) - Richard Myhill [ SpongeBob falls asleep ]
‣ Happy End - Gerhard Trede [ start of SpongeBob 's dream ]
‣ Custom Cruiser - The Mel - Tones [ SpongeBob driving ]
‣ Bring Back [ # 18 ] - Lars - Luis Linek [ Mrs. Puff takes away SpongeBob 's license ]
‣ Orchestral Effect ( f ) - Dick Stephen Walter [ SpongeBob enters Gary 's dream ]
‣ Vibe Link ( b ) - Richard Myhill [ " Gary ? " ]
‣ Mozart Concerto 21
In C , 2nd Mvt. - Jonathan Starkey , Wolfgang Mozart [ Emily Dickinson poem ]
‣ The Foot of the Hill - Miloslav Verner [ Man from Peru ]
‣ Mozart Concerto 21
In C , 2nd Mvt. - Jonathan Starkey , Wolfgang Mozart [ SpongeBob leaves ]
‣ Twinkle Twinkle Little Star ( b ) - Brian Gulland , Richard Harvey [ Patrick asleep ]
‣ Dombummel - Gerhard Trede [ Patrick 's dream ]
• ? - Brad Carow [ Squidward playing clarinet ]
‣ Royal Entrance - Dick Stephen Walter [ " Why do you stop playing , Wolfgang Amadeus Tentacles ? " ]
• ? - Brad Carow [ Squidward continues playing clarinet ]
‣ Majesty - Dick Stephen Walter [ " Hey !
I have not instructed you to stop ! " ]
‣ Dramatic Cue ( d ) - Ronald Hanmer [ Squidward breaks his clarinet ]
‣ Dämonen U. Urgewalten - Gerhard Trede [ " I came here to hear beautiful music ! " / King glares down at Squidward ]
‣ Sleeping Beauty - David Farnon
[ " Why have you stopped playing that wonderful music ? " ]
‣ Mersey Mania [ # 26 ] - Ian Henry Marsh , Phil Pickett [ audience chases SpongeBob ]
‣ Dreaming of Paradise ( b ) - Helene C.E. Muddiman [ Sandy asleep ]
‣ Metal Boost - Mac Prindy [ skydiving ]
‣ Hawaiian Link ( b ) - Richard Myhill [ " Hey! Mr. Krabs ! " ]
‣ In the Cradle ( a ) - Dick Stephen Walter [ Pearl 's dream ]
‣ The Jovial Buccaneers [ # 32 ] - John Fox [ Mr. Krabs ' dream ]
‣ Invincible Armada [ # 32.02 ] - Gregor F. Narholz [ chasing Krabs ' wallet ]
‣ The Rake Hornpipe - Robert Alexander
White [ " This 'll make a great fish story , eh , Mr. Krabs ? " ]
‣ Hawaiian Link ( a ) - Richard Myhill [ Plankton 's dream ]
‣ Muscovite Rebellion - David Arnold , Paul Hart [ giant Plankton zapping everyone ]
‣ On the Beach - Kapono Beamer [ SpongeBob returns to his own dream ]
‣ Killer Birds [ # 36 ] - Gregor F. Narholz [ SpongeBob surrounded by floating heads ]
‣ On the Beach - Kapono Beamer [ ending ]
Release
Reception
" Sleepy Time " was ranked # 70 during the Best Day Ever event from November 9 –10 , 2006 .
Trivia
General
According to a picture of a workprint of the episode posted by storyboard artist Adam Paloian on his Twitter account [ 2 ] , SpongeBob 's license was originally going to look a bit different , with a different picture of SpongeBob and a different signature signed " S. Squarepants " instead of " SpongeBob SquarePants . "
, SpongeBob 's license was originally going to look a bit different , with a different picture of SpongeBob and a different signature signed " S. Squarepants " instead of " SpongeBob SquarePants . "
This is the first episode SpongeBob is seen with a driver 's license .
This episode 's opening is similar to its sister episode 's opening , " Suds , " as both episodes start with SpongeBob having a dream .
There is a PowerTouch book based on this episode . [ 3 ]
Gary and Pearl were annoyed at SpongeBob , but SpongeBob did n't do anything in their dreams that caused trouble in any way .
In this episode , Plankton wakes up at an office desk .
The desk reappears in " Truth or Square " and Creature from the Krusty Krab .
According to the background artwork , the computer on the desk is " desktop " Karen .
.
According to the background artwork , the computer on the desk is " desktop " Karen .
SpongeBob 's reaction is never shown to his friends admonishing him for ruining their dreams .
Cultural references
SpongeBob tells Gary , " Curiosity salted the snail , " a reference to the old saying , " Curiosity killed the cat , " as sea snails are portrayed as the cats of the sea .
Moby Dollar is a parody of Moby Dick .
.
The name that Squidward has in his dream , Wolfgang Amadeus Tentacles , is a parody of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Also , the Andante from his Piano Concerto No. 21 is playing in the background while SpongeBob is in Gary 's dream .
Sandy crashing into a truck of clam manure is a reference to the running gag from the Back to the Future movies where Biff Tannen crashes into a truck of manure .
movies where Biff Tannen crashes into a truck of manure .
In one scene , when Gary and SpongeBob are walking along with the library , a book is shown close up .
On the cover , the title reads Of Snails and Men , a parody of John Steinbeck 's novel Of Mice and Men .
In addition , Gary references and quotes Emily Dickinson , one of history 's most famous poets .
, a parody of John Steinbeck 's novel .
In Pearl 's dream , Roughy Goulet and Ricky Marlin , parodies of singers Robert Goulet and Ricky Martin can be seen on album covers .
Gary 's poem is a reference to " The Old Man of Peru , " by Edward Lear .
Errors
When Gary puts SpongeBob 's socks on his eyes , the stripes on top switch to blue when they 're usually red , and the stripes on the bottom switch to red when they 're usually blue .
When SpongeBob is outside Squidward 's house , the window is shown open , but there is another window frame on the wall .
When SpongeBob comes to Pearl 's dream , he enters at the left part of the house , but when he comes out , he exits from the middle of the house .
When everyone is standing around SpongeBob 's bed at the end of the episode , at first Pearl 's nightcap is missing .
In the next shot , it is there .
The same applies to her hair .
When SpongeBob turns into a skyscraper , his eyes are more pale than normal .
When SpongeBob 's friends lash out for him ruining their dreams , they are at the end of his bed in a line .
When viewed from the side , however , they are n't standing on either side .
Running gags
SpongeBob entering people 's dreams but unknowingly ruining them .
Why Democrats can't break the filibuster
Matt Yglesias mentioned Tom Udall 's hope that the Senate will adopt new rules that reform the filibuster and ease some of the obstruction at the start of the 112th Congress .
I did an interview with Udall on this plan here .
I do n't think it 'll work .
Matt hints at my qualms in his post : " it ’s quite easy to imagine the Senate exercising Udall ’s ' constitutional option ' amidst the hope and enthusiasm associated with the beginning of the Obama administration .
...
Now 18 months later , Washington is older and wiser on these matters .
But will it really be politically feasible to adopt a more sensible ruleset with a less - popular President Obama and a diminished majority in the Senate ? "
You can't return from an election in which the public decisively voted for the Republicans and then say that in the interests of democratic governance , you 're taking away the tools Senate Republicans use to exert control over legislation .
The difficulty with procedural reform is that it 's both hard to do and it 's never quite the right time .
When you 've got enough power to do it , you 're probably trying to pass actual legislation that you can show to voters .
When that power ebbs , procedural issues seem more urgent , but you do n't have the power to pursue them .
A better option -- and my favored option -- is for Democrats to join with Republicans to set rules that will go into place six or eight years from now .
That should hopefully erase the question of who will benefit in the next Congress , and allow everyone to think like a member of both a potential minority and potential majority .
It 's like setting rules from behind Rawls 's veil of ignorance .
Another option is to lay the groundwork in advance .
Republicans did a lot of filibustering during the 2006 to 2008 period , and because George W. Bush was in office , Democrats were n't doing a lot of legislating .
But Democrats did n't use the quiet period strategically .
There was no effort , for instance , to force Republicans to actually stand up and filibuster popular initiatives so that Democrats could create a public argument against the filibuster that would 've justified action in 2008 .
Instead , they waited for procedural obstruction to stall their agenda and destroy their poll numbers and then decided it was an important issue worth addressing .
That does n't get you anywhere .
Turkish planes carrying hundreds of activists from the Gaza - bound aid flotilla intercepted by Israeli forces have arrived in Istanbul from Israel .
The activists returned to an enthusiastic welcome led by Turkey 's Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc .
The bodies of nine people killed when Israeli commandos took control of the six aid vessels were also flown in .
Earlier , PM Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel had " no choice " but to storm the ships on Monday .
As activists accused Israeli forces of brutality , the Geneva - based UN Human Rights Council voted to set up an independent international inquiry into the raid .
UN chief Ban Ki-moon also demanded that Israel lift its blockade of the Gaza Strip immediately , calling the siege " counter - productive , unsustainable and wrong " .
Meanwhile , talk is now turning to the next ship on its way across the Mediterranean to try to break the blockade .
The Rachel Corrie - carrying about 11 people , including Nobel Peace Laureate Mairead Corrigan Maguire - had been due to be part of the original flotilla but was delayed because of technical problems .
The BBC's Jon Donnison in Gaza says the ship could be in the region as early as Saturday .
Israel has said it will not be allowed to dock in Gaza .
Medical check
After several hours of delay , the three aircraft chartered by the Turkish government to bring some 450 foreign activists out of Israel landed at Istanbul airport in the early hours of Thursday .
AT THE SCENE
Some of the activists came off the planes waving flags and victory signs .
Others carried the scars and bandages from their encounter with the Israeli commandos who stormed their ships .
Most were tired and very angry .
They expressed shock at the violence they said had been used by the commandos and insisted they put up only non-violent resistance .
With them came the bodies of the nine who were killed in the Israeli operation .
By holding them until now , Israel has only prolonged this public relations disaster .
A crowd of about 1,000 people gathered at the airport waving Turkish and Palestinian flags and shouting anti-Israeli slogans .
In a fiery speech at the airport , Mr Arinc accused Israel of piracy and said his government saluted the controversial Turkish Islamic charity which played a leading role in organising the convoy - a charity Israel has accused of supporting terrorism .
Some of the freed activists said they had tried to defend themselves against heavily armed commandos .
One said the soldiers had fired indiscriminately .
British activist Sarah Colbourne told the BBC : " I could n't even count the amount of ships that were in the water .
It was literally bristling with ships , helicopters and gunfire .
It was horrific , absolutely horrific . "
All the Turkish activists will be sent for a medical check before being sent home .
Consular staff are also on hand to help the activists from other countries .
They include 37 people who hold British passports .
Most of the activists were flown out of Israel with no belongings other than their passports and clothes , the BBC's Andrew North at Israel 's Ben Gurion airport reported .
Israel has identified four of the dead as Turkish nationals , but the identity of the five others is unknown .
On Wednesday , three air ambulances carrying several wounded activists arrived in Ankara .
Seven other activists were in a serious condition and would remain in Israeli hospitals until they could be moved , Israeli officials said .
' Vicious mob '
In Israel , Prime Minister Netanyahu dismissed criticism of the raid as " international hypocrisy " .
He said the soldiers had been met by a " vicious mob " and had acted to defend themselves .
He said it was Israel 's duty to prevent rockets and other weapons being smuggled into Gaza to Hamas by Iran and others .
The flotilla , he argued , was not aiming to deliver humanitarian aid to Gazans but was trying to break the blockade .
" This was not a love boat , this was a boat of hate , " Mr Netanyahu said .
About 700 activists - including 400 Turks - were trying to break the blockade of the Gaza Strip by bringing in 10,000 tonnes of aid .
The aid - including school supplies , building materials and two large electricity generators - is now stuck at the Israel - Gaza border , our correspondent in Gaza says .
Israel has been keen to show it will let the aid in as promised , but a Hamas government minister says this will not happen until all the protesters on board the flotilla are released from custody without exception , he reports .
All foreign nationals have now been released but there are still a number of Israeli citizens in detention , our correspondent adds .
Israel rejects claims that Gaza - which has been under an Israeli and Egyptian blockade since the Islamic militant group Hamas took control in 2007 - is experiencing a humanitarian crisis .
The UN , Europe and others have strongly criticised Israel after its commandos stormed the six - ship flotilla in international waters , setting off the clashes .
The harshest criticism has come from Turkey , Israel 's sole ally in the Muslim world .
Turkey has already recalled its ambassador from Tel Aviv and scrapped plans for joint military exercises .
Lawmakers passed a declaration demanding that Israel formally apologise for the raid , pay compensation to the victims , and bring those responsible to justice .
But the government stopped short of cutting ties to Israel , and has made it clear that it wants to protect vital trade and tourism links .
Click on the images and you 'll find they are larger than they first appear .
I open up MS Paint and this is what comes out .
This art is so hifalutin it 's gasping for oxygen .
The greatest example of innovation on a tiny budget since Robert Rodriguez 's El Mariachi , Shane Carruth 's Sundance - winning science - fiction thriller Primer was photographed in 16 mm on a $ 7,000 budget , but the price barely hints at its resourcefulness and sophistication .
A former math major turned engineer , Carruth taught himself how to make movies , and his homemade production rivals Vincent Gallo for above - the - line credits :
He 's the writer , producer , director , star , composer , editor , and co-cinematographer .
After a long and mostly fruitless search for actors in his native Dallas , Carruth cast himself alongside sole professional David Sullivan .
The two men play hardware engineers who create an astonishing device while working out of their garage .
Though they quickly deduce that their invention , which ruptures the space - time continuum , would be too dangerous to bring to market , they take advantage of it themselves , but the potential consequences are immense .
Carruth recently spoke with The Onion A.V. Club about shooting on film , the state of science fiction , and the ethics of invention .
Advertisement
The Onion : What was the genesis of the idea for Primer ?
Shane Carruth :
It really started thematically .
Before I knew it had anything to do with science or science fiction , I was interested in trust , and how it 's dependent on what you 're liable to lose if that trust is broken .
I knew it was going to be a group of people .
It wound up being these two guys who , at the beginning of the story , have a conventional relationship , and because of the introduction of this power that changes what 's at risk , that 's what was going to cause their friendship to unravel .
Not because either one of them is a good or bad person , but because there 's too much to trust someone else with .
I was reading a lot of non-fiction about innovation , and I was really taken with that world , so I got my setting from that .
Advertisement
Once I knew it was set in that world , it was really a matter of the device .
These guys are going to make something , and it really has to be this powerful item .
When I went through the list of devices and got to the one that affected time , it seemed like a lot of things came together , both in how the machine should work and the way they would use it .
But it also really satisfied the theme , this idea of finding yourself in someone else 's past and wondering how much control you have over the events around you .
That seemed to heighten the risk sufficiently , to where it 's more power than I would allow anyone else to have over me .
O : Why was it important for you to get the science , or at least the language , right ?
Advertisement
SC : I wanted to believe that they knew what they were talking about .
For someone to come in and say , " Can you give it to me in English , doc ? " and then somebody delivers some terrible metaphor as to what they 're doing …
I never wanted that .
There 's information in there about the politics of the group and who 's enthusiastic about what and who 's proprietary .
The hope is that even if they 're just humming , those scenes are still pushing the story forward .
I do n't know why it 's so important to me that they be saying real things .
At the end of the day , it 's a fictional story .
But I guess that because it gets so fantastical , I needed to set it in the most mundane and naturalistic place I could muster .
I just wanted everything that I could get to be true to be true .
O : Is it important for viewers to grasp the jargon so much as to understand the implications of the machine ?
Advertisement
SC : If I were viewing this film , I would probably be more interested in what 's going on thematically than all these technical details .
To be honest , I personally have the frame of mind that I would want to figure out this thing .
This is a machine that does n't just pick you up at one point in time and drop you at another .
You kind of have to earn it by spending six hours in the machine to go back six hours .
What are the implications of that ?
If I were a viewer , I would want to take it apart , to make sure it adds up , and to understand it a little bit better .
O : Have you gotten any response from the scientific community ?
People who may understand your language a little more intimately ?
Advertisement
SC : Last week in New York , there was a screening at the Museum Of The Moving Image in Queens , and it was partially sponsored by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation .
Afterwards , instead of a normal filmmaker Q&A , there was a panel .
It was me , the guy who invented the laser scanner for barcode scanning , and a couple of other scientists .
And to be honest , it was humbling .
They had some very positive things to say about how the film presented the process of innovation , but I do n't know if I 've talked to anybody about what 's happening on a quantum mechanical level , or whether it 's plausible , or any of that .
It seems like the scientific community is okay with it .
I have n't been chewed out yet .
O : It seems like a lot of independent films , even those with million - dollar budgets , are photographed on digital video for budget reasons .
Why was it important for you to shoot on film instead ?
Advertisement
SC : I guess there were a couple reasons .
The music starts off acoustic , and as the story gets a little bit more fantastical , the music turns ethereal and atmospheric .
Same thing happens with the editing .
It starts off very conventional , and then more jump cuts are introduced .
Some more unconventional stuff is done at the end , to kind of mimic the story .
So when it came to the medium , I really wanted to start in the most conventional - looking place I could start with , that people are used to seeing .
I felt like I needed to start on film .
Then that kind of gave me the latitude to overexpose later on in the film , or just try to mimic the story with the medium .
The other thing is that my favorite movies have been shot on film .
To me , it just seemed like a lot of work to end up with a shaky - cam , Mini - DV version of it .
O : How close did the finished product come to what you had on paper ?
SC : Pretty close .
The final product is very close to the script .
And it 's the same information in each scene .
But maybe if before , a scene would be a sequence of seven separate shots , now instead of one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , it 's one , two , a little bit of seven , three , little bit of five , four .
It 's this weird , not - so - satisfying problem that existed in editing , because there were n't multiple takes and there really was n't a script supervisor .
So we were really just doing our best to handle continuity errors and stuff .
Advertisement
O : Would future films of yours be worked out so rigorously ?
SC : I think so , yeah .
There are a lot of things that I would do differently .
I would do a better job of inspiring people , get a full - time producer , and get enough money to shoot enough footage so that when I have editing problems , I 'll have more options to get out of it .
But as far as planning it and knowing what the story 's going to look like before I start shooting …
I do n't know why it is , but it 's very important to me .
It 's important to know from the writing stage how this thing is going to be executed .
Part of me wants to be efficient and not waste time while we 're shooting , and part of me just thinks that 's the way it should be .
The story should be pre-planned .
As a viewer , if I 'm inferring something , I want to know that it was planned for me to infer it .
I do n't want to think , " Oh , that happened on accident . "
Advertisement
O : What 's the Dallas filmmaking scene like ?
SC : I honestly do n't know a single filmmaker in Dallas .
I do n't know anyone there .
I 've met people from the Dallas Film Commission since Sundance .
I know Austin 's a big deal .
I hear all kinds of stuff about Austin , with Robert Rodriguez and Richard Linklater having studios there .
Advertisement
O : What about Dallas itself ?
It does n't seem terribly photogenic .
Is there something particular about it that could be captured on film ?
SC : No , I do n't think so .
But when I worked as a software engineer , I got to travel , and it does seem like there are three cities in the country .
There 's New York , there 's San Francisco , and then there 's almost every other city .
Whether it 's Dallas or Tampa or Nashville , there are these cities that are , for the most part , suburban sprawl .
They 've got somewhat of an industrial area , but they 're all very much the same .
They 're cities that do n't have a far - reaching history , so the architecture is pretty mundane .
What I was hoping by shooting in Dallas was trying to represent any city .
It was shot to be generic .
I was pulling pictures off of walls .
I was blowing out windows so you could n't see terrain .
To me , it was important that I tried to make Dallas an Everycity .
Advertisement
O : Science - fiction movies are usually big - budget action films set in space .
Was Primer intended as a corrective to that ?
Does science fiction in film need to be redefined ?
SC : I was n't trying to change the industry or anything , that 's for sure .
It does seem like there 's the aesthetic of science fiction , with the aliens and chrome and neon and explosions in space , and then there 's science fiction that 's used as a literary device .
That 's the kind I 'm interested in .
The Greeks had their mythology , and they had a great shorthand .
They could assign a human trait to a god and suddenly be able to talk about all sorts of things .
I feel like we 've got science fiction , which is an even better shorthand , because if you do it right , it 's not a matter of " What if this happens ? "
It 's " When this happens … "
What will be the reaction , how will we cope with it , and what does it mean for who we are ?
People complain about I , Robot not being about ideas , and then it makes a ton of money .
It 's weird .
I know I 'm not doing anything that 's going to change that .
Advertisement
O : The ethics of what these guys are doing in the film are dubious , to put it lightly .
Did you have any such potentially catastrophic acts of science in mind when you conceived the film ?
SC : I did , but I do n't think I 've ever gotten into this .
The way that the device came to be was being informed by a lot of reading I was doing about innovation , everything from the history of the number zero to the history of calculus to the transistor , even the Wright brothers .
It seemed like there were all these commonalties in true innovation .
But as far as this device , I was interested not only in the fact that it was very powerful , but in the fact that if you alter someone else 's life , you can do it in a way that they 're not even aware of .
The idea of being vulnerable but not even knowing how , that was interesting to me .
I have a minor in biology , so I spent some amount of time studying how easy it is to start a process where you release some new strain of bacteria into an ecosphere and how little things add up .
I 'm really skirting around the issue here , because I 'm afraid to say it .
There are all kinds of things being affected … reproductive rights , basically .
I think that 's an interesting topic .
And it 's something that I was interested in .
Advertisement
O : Reproductive rights ?
SC : Yeah , basically .
I 'm talking about abortion , I guess .
I 'm not trying to say the film is either pro or against , but the concept of affecting something before it is anything , I thought was very interesting .
I 'm a man , so it 's very difficult for men to even talk about this topic .
I 'm not obsessed with it , but I 've spent a fair amount of time thinking about it , in order to try and come to terms with what I believe .
So the film did feel like a way to explore that .
I mean , that 's not what the film is about , but it was a nice side effect , to be able to think about that as I was writing .
Advertisement
O : It 's difficult to tell how much of Primer can , or really should be , comprehended .
It seems that once things are set in motion , the possibilities become so vast that it 's hard to fully account for them .
Whether that frustrates or stimulates a viewer seems to depend on the person .
SC : It gets complicated at the end .
This machine is inherently complicated , the way it works , and what it means as far as paradoxes and causality .
All the information is in there , but [ the two inventors are ] in a very confusing place at some points .
I was n't going to have this scene where somebody has an emotional breakdown , then goes on with a lot of exposition about what we 've just seen for the last 80 minutes .
But it is important that the information is in there , and if someone wants to piece it apart and get past what it 's about thematically and get to the nuts and bolts , that information is available .
I 've made sure of that , and I 've had lots of conversations with people who 've kind of pieced it apart .
BEIRUT , Lebanon – Outside a petrol station in Southern Beirut , a group of young women sporting red-and - green neckerchiefs were getting their banners ready for the funeral procession of Ayatollah Sayyed Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah .
They were alumni of the schools he founded , but he had continued to support them through every stage of their lives , one of them said .
“ The thing he most taught us is to be open to others , to have a dialogue with others , ” said Fatimeh El Din , 22 .
Fadlallah , Lebanon ’s most senior Shiite cleric , was laid to rest Tuesday at the mosque in the Beirut suburb where his sermons inspired Muslims , both conservative and liberal , around the world for generations .
Fadlallah died of a liver hemorrhage on Sunday at the age of 75 .
His funeral drew thousands and the range of commemorations reflected the religious leader ’s complexity .
While Fadlallah was linked to the Shiite militant group Hezbollah , which is based in Lebanon , his robust pragmatism and emphasis on tolerance won him tributes across Lebanon ’s political and religious spectrum .
Fadlallah was famous for his relatively liberal rulings on issues such as abortion , domestic violence and whether nail polish has to be removed before praying .
Tear - streaked faces of old and young , veiled and unveiled , rich and poor women lined the pavements of southern Beirut as the funeral procession passed .
“ I followed him because he made it easy for you , ” said Sawsan , a 23 - year - old Laundromat manager as she prepared to close her shop for the funeral .
“ When I had a problem I called his office . ”
Until a few years ago Sawsan had always assumed that she could never be a proper Muslim because she liked to dance and did n’t like wearing the veil .
“ Some people said that if you do only one thing wrong , then nothing else will save you , ” she said .
“ Fadlallah said everything has its own way to God .
He said wherever you are , whatever your religion , if you say there is one God — God will help you . ”
Mirna , a young Arab - American woman dressed in a leopard - print headband and glitzy jewelry said she would always follow Fadlallah ’s teachings .
“ He was really with the new generation , ” she said , adding that she would now rely on Fadlallah ’s books and teachings and would not transfer her allegiance to another spiritual reference , known as a marja , which Shiite Muslims use for guidance on decisions in their lives .
Paradoxically , Fadlallah also inspired the Shiite activists who helped form Hezbollah and supported attacks on Israel , whose occupation of Lebanon in 1982 he furiously opposed .
During the funeral procession , mourners marched to the spot where a 1985 assassination attempt on Fadlallah killed 80 people .
Many blamed the attack on the United States , which had long suspected Fadlallah of orchestrating terrorist operations .
A man shouting processional catechisms into a microphone briefly sang " Death to America , " although it was not taken up with the same alacrity that had earlier sent other mourning chants echoing eerily through the war - battered buildings of southern Beirut .
On a nearby billboard , the yellow - and - green flags of Hezbollah , which is based in Lebanon , surrounded an image of Fadlallah .
Despite his life - long effort to stress his independence from the group , Fadlallah was the preeminent Shiite religious figure at the time of its creation .
He supported Iran ’s revolutionary leader , Ayatollah Khomeini , whose Revolutionary Guards helped establish Hezbollah .
According to his biographer , Jamal Sankari , Fadlallah encouraged his own students to join Hezbollah .
The media often referred to Fadlallah as Hezbollah ’s “ spiritual mentor . ”
In reality , however , while about a third of Lebanon ’s Shiite Muslims follow Fadlallah , Hezbollah party officials chose Ayatollah Khomeini , and later Ayatollah Khamenei , the current supreme leader of Iran , as their marja .
Although close to Khomenist doctrine in some areas , Fadlallah had his own understanding of Islamic law and after the death of Khomeini became vocal in his criticism of the notion that clerics should rule the state .
“ He was the marja for every Shia in Lebanon or the world that does n’t believe in Iran , ” said Ali Mohtadi , an Iranian journalist who lived in Lebanon for 15 years and said he knew Fadlallah personally .
“ I think Hezbollah and Iran are trying to change things in Lebanon and Fadlallah was a big problem for them . ”
Amal Saad Ghorayeb , a Beirut - based expert on Hezbollah , disagrees .
“ I have an acquaintance whose husband is a Hezbollah official who took Fadlallah as a source of emulation .
I do n’t think we can see him as a counterweight , ” she said .
“ There is no perceived inconsistency between supporting Hezbollah and having Fadlallah . ”
The diverse crowd at Fadlallah ’s funeral indicated just how complex the cleric ’s teachings were .
Some young men along the procession were waving a Hezbollah flag .
They said Khamenei was their marja but had come because they respected Fadlallah ’s religious teachings .
Among the white turbans of clerics , which floated like froth on the black sea of mourners , were ones with red centers , which indicates a Sunni sheikh .
“ Fadlallah was a source of emulation for all Muslims , ” said one .
As the last prayer notes fell from the minaret , the thousands of mourners dissipated into the streets of Southern Beirut .
The billboards of his image will eventually be taken down , replaced by advertisements or the oft - seen posters of martyrs in the war with Israel .
Assessing the legacy of this multi-faceted figure — the war - supporting preacher of tolerance , who spent years in seminaries and told people to work out their own arrangement with God , who supported Khomeini but questioned the theological underpinnings of the Islamic Republic — will never be easy .
But Ali Mohtadi offered an epitaph .
“ He believed , ” he said , “ that we have to say new things . ”
The operator of the myki system has given Victoria Police access to private information about the movements of smartcard users , it has been revealed .
The Transport Ticketing Authority today said police had made four requests about customers since December 2009 .
The authority , however , was only able to provide information on two of those occasions .
Under the myki privacy policy , a police officer does not need to apply to a court for access to a myki user 's private information , they can simply request it in writing .
Endless anime Naruto ’s reputation for production quality has finally been sealed with the 3870th episode .
The scene in question appears to depict some sort of battle :
The gifs :
What he should have looked like :
Naruto certainly earned its place in the hallowed halls of infamy .
' We 've Lost Everything , ' Family Says
The Obamas survey the devastation wearing only the clothes they had time to take before the storm struck .
Advertisement
WASHINGTON — Barack Obama stands alone in the ruins of what was once his living room , calling out in vain for a dog that never comes .
Less than 36 hours ago , his house stood proudly intact .
But the violent tornado that tore through the region late Sunday night upended everything in an instant , scattering his belongings and leaving his family homeless and helpless .
" My God , just look at this , " the 48 - year - old government employee said as he surveyed the splintered furniture and mangled chandeliers that littered the 18 - acre property .
" Everything is gone .
Our clothes , our family photos , the federal budget for fiscal year 2011 — it 's all gone . "
Advertisement
Added Obama , " This was our dream home . "
With no relatives in the area to turn to , the Obamas have been living in the basement of Calvary Methodist Church on M Street and bathing at the nearby YMCA .
However , with the church running low on canned goods and funds to support the displaced family , Obama worries he and his loved ones may soon be forced to move into a shelter or live out of their motorcade .
Advertisement
" My youngest daughter keeps asking me when we can go home , " said part - time social worker Michelle Obama , 46 , who escaped the disaster with nothing more than her enduring spirit and the Narciso Rodriguez cap - sleeve silk dress on her back .
" I do n't know what to tell her . "
Joe Biden , 67 , helps Obama sort through personal documents in the remains of his home office .
Advertisement
As of press time , several items of sentimental value to the family remained unaccounted for , including Mrs. Obama 's wedding gown , both daughters ' baby books , David Axelrod , and an antique portrait of George Washington that had been in the home for generations .
For Mr. Obama , who had worked primarily from a home office , the tornado 's merciless destruction has been a doubly painful blow .
Advertisement
" My desk was right here , " said a drawn Obama , pointing down at a tattered , rubble - strewn carpet bearing the Seal of the President of the United States .
" I 'd sit here every morning with my cup of coffee and paper , quietly perusing the latest intelligence on credible terrorist plots against the U.S. mainland . "
" I 'd give anything to have the comfort of that daily routine back , " Obama added .
According to the National Weather Service , the category F3 tornado was spawned by a line of severe thunderstorms that struck the District of Columbia around 11 p.m. Sunday .
The funnel cloud , with winds gusting up to 165 miles per hour , touched down only briefly , carving a short but devastating swath of destruction along Pennsylvania Avenue that not only leveled the family 's house , but also uprooted numerous trees and drove one of Obama 's American - flag lapel pins 3 inches into the north face of the Washington Monument .
Advertisement
Although they had only lived in the charming 132 - room house for a year and a half , the Obamas had been eyeing the residence for years before finally being able to close on it in November 2008 .
What Obama had worked ceaselessly to attain , however , was demolished in a matter of moments , with the ravaging storm not even sparing his wife 's beloved backyard vegetable garden .
" A really loud roaring noise woke me up , and I just knew it was a twister , " said Malia Obama , 12 , clad in an ill - fitting ' Hillary 2008 ' sweatshirt donated by a family friend .
" So , just like Dad taught us , we all ran out of our bedrooms , down the Grand Staircase , through the foyer , the East Colonnade , and the Garden Room , down into the East Wing sub - basement , and made it into the bunker just as the roof of the house was lifted off . "
Advertisement
While the Obamas acknowledge that regrouping from such a devastating tragedy will be a long and difficult process , they are drawing strength from the overwhelming outpouring of support and generous donations they have received from friends , neighbors , and lobbyists .
" When I heard the bad news , I figured I 'd swing over with a few longnecks for Barry and some intimates for Michelle , " said Joe Biden , one of Barack Obama 's coworkers , referring to the six - pack of Budweiser and assortment of women 's underwear and negligee that he hand - delivered to the family Monday evening .
" Hope she 's a size 10 .
Sure looks like a 10 . "
Telehealth and Telecare Aware posts pointers to a broad range of news items .
Authors of those items often use terms ' telecare ' and telehealth ' in inventive and idiosyncratic ways .
Telecare Aware 's editors can generally live with that variation .
However , when we use these terms we usually mean :
• Telecare : from simple personal alarms ( AKA pendant / panic / medical / social alarms , PERS , and so on ) through to smart homes that focus on alerts for risk including , for example : falls ; smoke ; changes in daily activity patterns and ' wandering ' .
Telecare may also be used to confirm that someone is safe and to prompt them to take medication .
The alert generates an appropriate response to the situation allowing someone to live more independently and confidently in their own home for longer .
• Telehealth : as in remote vital signs monitoring .
Vital signs of patients with long term conditions are measured daily by devices at home and the data sent to a monitoring centre for response by a nurse or doctor if they fall outside predetermined norms .
Telehealth has been shown to replace routine trips for check - ups ; to speed interventions when health deteriorates , and to reduce stress by educating patients about their condition .
Telecare Aware 's editors concentrate on what we perceive to be significant events and technological and other developments in telecare and telehealth .
We make no apology for being independent and opinionated or for trying to be interesting rather than comprehensive .
We 've seen some impressive Lego creations ( sniper rifles , printers , full - size houses ... ) , and Matt De Lanoy 's Futurama diorama is a worthy addition .
For starters , it 's huge .
It measures 1.5 m by 2.1 m , and it 's been in construction for about two years .
Almost every part of the city is represented , including Planet Express , its ship , the Robot Arms Apartments where Bender and Fry live , Momcorp HQ , the Head museum , Elzar 's fine cuisine , Applied Cryogenics , the sewers where the mutants live , the Madison Cube Garden ( which lights up at night ! ) and more .
The attention to detail is incredible , too .
The individual characters in the series are all placed within the diorama and have custom decals applied to them , with some featuring special modelling work .
Oddly , there are a few Star Wars characters dotted around too , but I 'll let that slide .
If you want to see things in more detail , there 's a huge range of pictures to look at over at De Lanoy 's photostream on Flickr , where he goes by the name Pepa Quin .
My favourite is the one of Smitty and URL , the police offers from the New New York Police Department .
How about you ?
Next Mars Rover Sports a Set of New Wheels
PASADENA , Calif . – NASA 's next Mars rover , Curiosity , is sitting pretty on a set of spiffy new wheels that would be the envy of any car show on Earth .
The wheels and a suspension system were added this week by spacecraft technicians and engineers .
These new and important touches are a key step in assembling and testing the flight system in advance of a planned 2011 launch .
Curiosity , centerpiece of NASA 's Mars Science Laboratory mission , is a six - wheeler and uses a rocker - bogie suspension system like its smaller predecessors : Spirit , Opportunity and Sojourner .
Each wheel has its own drive motor , and the corner wheels also have independent steering motors .
Unlike earlier Mars rovers , Curiosity will also use its mobility system as a landing gear when the mission 's rocket - powered descent stage lowers the rover directly onto the Martian surface on a tether in August 2012 .
In coming months at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , the mobility system will get functional testing and be part of environmental testing of the rover .
The mobility system will now stay on Curiosity through launch unless testing identifies a need for rework that would require it to be disassembled .
The mission will launch from Florida during the period Nov. 25 to Dec. 18 , 2011 .
Curiosity will examine an area of Mars for modern or ancient habitable environments , including any that may have also been favorable for preserving clues about life and environment , though this mission will not seek evidence of life .
It will examine rocks , soil and atmosphere with a diverse payload of tools , including a laser to vaporize patches of rock from a distance and an instrument designed to test for organic compounds .
Guy Webster 818-354-6278
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
guy.webster@jpl.nasa.gov
2010 - 221
This morning , the Associated Press tells the tale of Stephen Brodie , a deaf inmate serving time in the TDCJ 's Estelle Unit till 2012 -- and , quite possibly , yet another innocent man imprisoned for a crime he did n't commit .
In 1991 , Richardson police detained a 19 - year - old Brodie for " stealing quarters from a soda machine , " writes the AP 's Jeff Carlton .
At which point they began peppering him with questions concerning the sexual assault of a 5 - year - old girl .
And they did so for 18 straight hours , with and often without an interpreter .
And so he confessed -- not only to that crime , but others made up by police just to test the kid .
There was , however , nothing to tie him to the crime scene -- not even the hint of evidence .
Eventually , police would discover on the girl 's windowsill the fingerprint of another man -- a man who would eventually plead guilty to sexual assault on a 15 - year - old girl .
Police dismissed it as coincidence .
That man has served his time ; meanwhile , Brodie , who began serving his sentence in '93 and was re-incarcerated for failing to register as a sex offender , awaits word from the Dallas County District Attorney 's Office , which is investigating Brodie 's claims of innocence .
Says Brodie , if he gets out of prison , " I 'm getting out of Texas . "
Banking giant Wells Fargo & Co. is closing its 638 subprime lending offices that operated nationwide to supply higher - cost mortgages , auto loans and credit cards in lower - income neighborhoods .
About 3,800 employees will lose their jobs as the company shutters its Wells Fargo Financial subsidiary .
Of the storefront offices to be closed , 74 are in California , said David Kvamme , president of the subprime unit .
“ We know that this decision will be extremely difficult for those dedicated team members and their families who will be affected , ” Kvamme said .
HSBC , the British banking giant that surprised the industry by buying Household Finance Corp. in 2004 , closed the last of its U.S. subprime finance offices last year .
The San Francisco company said that it would continue to supply auto loans and credit cards to those with poor or weak credit through its national network of Wells Fargo Bank branches and offices of Wachovia Bank , the North Carolina giant that Wells acquired in 2008 .
“ We ’re not exiting those products , just relocating them , ” said Alanson Van Fleet , a Wells Fargo Financial spokesman .
But Wells , the nation ’s largest mortgage lender , said it would no longer offer subprime mortgages , which now make up less than a tenth of 1 % of the home loans the company originates .
Wells Fargo Financial offices still originate 2 % of all of Wells Fargo home loans , but those loans are nearly all mortgages insured by the Federal Housing Administration , a niche that the prime home loan business , Wells Fargo Home Mortgage , already is in .
Of Wells Fargo Financial ’s 14,000 employees , 2,800 will receive pink slips within 60 days and an additional 1,000 during the coming year , the bank said Thursday .
The rest will be reassigned to other Wells units .
The announcement is the latest in a long series of closures of subprime lending operations , including the shutdown of independent giants Ameriquest Mortgage and New Century Financial Corp. in Orange County and Full Spectrum Lending , a part of Countrywide Financial Corp. , in Calabasas .
Nearly all current and former Wall Street firms had subprime arms that are now defunct .
While regional players still operate subprime finance networks , only Citigroup ’s CitiFinancial unit remains as a national player , and it announced this year that it would close hundreds of offices .
Wells Fargo Financial ’s shutdown seemed certain to reignite complaints from advocacy groups , which for decades have criticized mainstream banks for abandoning poor and minority communities .
They said the loss of the consumer finance unit , coupled with cuts at CitiFinancial and HSBC ’s closure of the Household Finance operation , could create even more inequities .
“ If banks are going to focus on making better products available , then that ’s a positive thing .
If they ’re going to exclude people who otherwise might ’ve gone to Wells Financial , then that ’s a problem , ” said Kevin Stein , associate director of the California Reinvestment Coalition in San Francisco .
“ It ’s really on Wells now to make sure that the better products they ’re offering are equally available to everyone , ” Stein said .
Robert Gnaizda , a 40 - year advocate for better inner-city lending practices , said loan losses and a regulatory crackdown by the federal government “ are forcing all the financial institutions to give up [ on serving ] the 70 % of Americans who live from paycheck to paycheck . ”
scott.reckard@latimes.com
kristena.hansen@latimes.com
Have you ever wanted to get more out of your home network , like adding a NAS , without ponying up for expensive hard drives with Ethernet built - in , Time Capsules , Drobos or the like ?
While some newer routers come with a USB port allowing users to add a hard drive or printer on the network , they are costly and rather limited in their functionality .
It was this dilemma that had me pondering a custom solution when I wrote my series about building a cheap and small mini-ITX - based computer with the sole purpose of being a NAS and download box .
That setup cost over 200 and required much hardware and software tinkering .
For those looking for a cheaper and hassle - free solution , I would suggest the $ 99 TonidoPlug linux home server , NAS , cloud - in - a - plug ... et cetera .
TonidoPlug unboxed .
The TonidoPlug falls into a relatively new category of " wall - wart " form factor computers .
They are generally defined as being cheap , low on power consumption ( in the single watts range ) and fanless .
Most plug computers , as they are also called , are based off of the Marvell SheevaPlug reference design .
The difference between the TonidoPlug competitors like the Ctera CloudPlug , PogoPlug and Globalscale GuruPlug comes down to the bundled software and services .
While they all essentially run on the same hardware , each has its own set of pre-installed applications in addition to services ( some are paid ) that do things like facilitate file and media sharing from outside the home network .
Tonido bills their offering as " an alternative to cloud services and storage . "
I think Tonido is going after some stiff competition with services like Dropbox and Amazon S3 for file storage / syncing and countless other cloud services for every niche imaginable , that do n't rely on cheap commodity hardware that has a much higher chance of failing compared to aforementioned cloud services with SLAs .
But I digress ; for what is essentially a $ 99 network - connected Linux box , I could n't resist taking a look at the TonidoPlug .
Hardware
At roughly the size of the last - generation Apple Mac Mini ( the new version of which is slick as heck ) power brick itself , the TonidoPlug comes with a 1.2GHz Marvell Feroceon processor ( ARMv5 ) , 512 MB of DDR2 RAM , 512 MB of flash storage ( Hynix NAND using JFFS2 according to dmesg ) , a gigabit Ethernet port and a single USB 2.0 port ( Marvell Orion EHCI ) .
Sorry , no Wi-Fi in this plug computer ... though the updated version of the Marvell reference design includes 802.11b/g , bluetooth , a 2.0 GHz processor and built - in hard drive .
As for power consumption the TonidoPlug has been said to draw approximately 5 to 13 Watts though I cannot confirm without a Kill - a - Watt meter handy .
The fanless design is silent at the expense of being warm to the touch , neighboring on toasty when performing a rather large apt - get update .
Overall , the TonidoPlug is a nice , simple server I can hide anywhere , such as right on my power strip .
The TonidoPlug nestled away in its natural habitat — the majestic power strip .
Assuming the TonidoPlug is always running near its load ( only likely if you were to do something like fold on it 24/7 ) , it would cost 1.42 to run for a month in California ( 15.22 cents per kW-h according to the DOE ) .
Software
Like its ilk , the TonidoPlug does not include any sort of monitor or display connector .
As a network device and server more than a desktop , the plug computer is meant to be accessed through a web interface ( or SSH if you prefer ... or you can setup VNC if you must ) .
The underlying operating system on the TonidoPlug is Ubuntu 9.04 , but seeing as how users have access to SSH and apt - get ( though it is broken right out of the box ) this can be user - updated whenever necessary .
This is where Tonido shows off what it can do .
CodeLathe , the folks behind Tonido , have developed a web interface and suite of applications .
The .
Tonido has a well - documented developer platform and SDK out for this purpose .
That being said it appears they are still in the early stages of fostering this developer community and the only applications out are ones written by CodeLathe .
Before delving into those TonidoPlug web applications I 'll talk about setup .
Hardware setup does n't really warrant a mention — just plug it in , attach an Ethernet connection and USB storage device , be it a USB stick or external hard drive .
Software setup is almost as easy .
Find the local IP of your TonidoPlug on the network by going to tonidoplug.com / ip then access that in your browser ; the URL is usually something like http://[local IP ] :10001 .
After changing the root password ( you use also this for SSH access later on if you so choose ) you will be prompted to create a Tonido account .
This account is vital to accessing your TonidoPlug outside of the network by simply browsing to your easy - to - remember Tonido URL .
That 's pretty much it for setup .
Creating a Tonido profile with tonidoid.com lets users easily access their TonidoPlug remotely at http://[username].tonidoid.com
There are two main UIs for the Tonido .
There is the admin interface that provides control and lets you see the status of hardware , network and storage , and then there is the primary interface for managing applications .
You 'll spend most of your time in the latter .
TonidoPlug Admin
At this point , without any further configuration you can connect to your USB drive on the network .
Samba is pre-configured and already running .
WebDAV support is also available , but after setting up the included Webshare Pro application .
This brings me to the next point : applications .
Currently the TonidoPlug comes with a slew of applications :
TonidoPlug Dashboard - Simple View
Explorer - Manage your files from anywhere
- Manage your files from anywhere Torrent - BitTorrent client
- BitTorrent client Workspace - Personal Information Manager and Group Collaboration Application
- Personal Information Manager and Group Collaboration Application WebsharePro -
Share files and photos directly from your desktop
- Share files and photos directly from your desktop OpenID - Use your Tonido URL as an OpenID provider
- Use your Tonido URL as an OpenID provider Photos - Share high resolution photos easily and securely
- Share high resolution photos easily and securely Jukebox - Listen and organize your music wherever you are
- Listen and organize your music wherever you are Money - Personal Finance
- Personal Finance Thots - Personal Journal / Blog
- Personal Journal / Blog Search - Search your desktop and files on your USB storage
- Search your desktop and files on your USB storage Backup - Backup your files to your private cloud
TonidoPlug Application Dashboard - Advanced View
Below are a few screenshots from some of the applications :
Tonido Jukebox
Tonido Money App
Tonido Torrents App
Unfortunately , I have come to the conclusion that all of the included applications would never replace my current usage of other services or applications for their respective utilities .
The Tonido apps are all minimum viable products at best and do not compare to other feature - rich web or desktop applications .
Even if these included TonidoPlug applications were up to par with other competing cloud services , I would not trust my daily workflow on a cheap piece of hardware that could stop working at anytime and that relies on a home Internet connection that is just as unreliable .
The main draw of the TonidoPlug is the Tonido service that lets users access these applications and their files remotely , outside of their network but in the end that introduces another failure point — the home Internet connection .
That 's where the Money and Workspace - like apps make no sense to me .
On the other hand I have no problem using the TonidoPlug to serve up local media files and the TonidoPlug 's ability to stream media to UPnP and DLNA compliant devices like the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 are enticing .
So what do I like ?
I could expand on my thoughts but there 's no convincing me otherwise .
If I am to use a so - called cloud alternative to store my files it would not be in the form of a $ 99 piece of hardware .
I have become far too used to happily relying on robust cloud services like Amazon S3 , 37 Signals web apps , my own server for OpenID purposes , WordPress for blogging , desktop applications uTorrent / Unison for downloading and so on .
In short , I already have something that does each of the things better than the Tonido apps are meant for .
There isthough .
Tonido has an app store and more useful applications and innovative TonidoPlug uses could emerge based on new applications .
However , the TonidoPlug is still valuable to me at the moment , despite my disappointment with the applications .
Why is that ?
It 's a $ 99 linux computer that is perfect for small projects .
For example , Scientific American asked some MIT and CMU students how they would use such a cheap and small server .
There are some great ideas in there from home automation to remote video surveillance or anything really :
8 . You name it : Because SheevaPlug uses the Linux operating system and open - source software ( both of which can be downloaded for free ) , it could be a cheap Web server , a source - code repository , a backup server or countless other things .
" In general , " M.I.T.'s Hutchinson says , " it would be possible to host a lot of different types of services on such a box . "
Verdict
For $ 99 I would recommend the TonidoPlug to any hardware and software hacker looking for another platform to tinker around with .
I 'm already thinking about using it to control an RFID reader and some software to manage a door solenoid lock in addition to sending out access alerts via Notifo .
However that would be made much easier if this had Wi -Fi built - in like the updated reference design .
The TonidoPlug gets 8 out of 10 Stammys for great value for a small Linux server , not so much for the bundled apps .
I will be keeping an eye on Tonido and its app store to see when things change for the better .
What would you do with a TonidoPlug ?
Would you buy one ?
Do you currently own any similar network devices or tiny servers ?
Fort Worth community leaders , police officials look back at 12 months of change in the wake of the Rainbow Lounge raid
Tammye Nash | Senior Editor
nash@dallasvoice.com
THEN AND NOW | A year ago , angry LGBT people protested outside the Rainbow Lounge just hours after a raid on the bar by Fort Worth police officers and TABC agents .
( Tammye Nash / Dallas Voice )
What a difference a year makes .
On June 28 , 2009 , seven officers with the Fort Worth Police Department joined two agents from the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission in a raid on a newly - opened gay bar in Fort Worth called the Rainbow Lounge .
On June 28 , 2010 , the Fort Worth police were back at Rainbow Lounge .
Only this time , instead of making arrests the officers were sharing a barbecue meal with community leaders and bar patrons and celebrating the progress the city has made over the last 12 months in improving the relationship between Fort Worth and its LGBT community .
And that progress , most in Fort Worth agree , has been remarkable .
Todd Camp , co-founder of Fort Worth ’s Q Cinema LGBT film festival , was at the Rainbow Lounge celebrating his birthday with friends when the raid occurred .
It was Camp , along with Chuck Potter , Thomas Anable and others , who used e-mail and social networking sites like Facebook to spread the word about the raid almost immediately .
They also put their outrage to work to organize two protests — one that Sunday afternoon outside the bar and a second later that evening outside the Tarrant County Courthouse — and to rally people to attend the next meeting of the Fort Worth City Council .
Camp said recently that he has been pleased to see the way that Fort Worth — its LGBT community , its police department and its city officials — have stepped up to the challenge and worked together not just to mend fences , but also break down barriers .
This week , Rainbow Lounge owner J.R. Schrock , left , and bar manager Randy Norman , right , played host as LGBT community members packed the bar for a barbecue and meet - and - greet with FWPD officers , from Chief Jeff Halstead to beat patrol officers .
( Tammye Nash / Dallas Voice )
“ I think , for me personally , the biggest accomplishment of the past year has been the fact that the city of Fort Worth has become aware that they have a gay community that has a voice with some emotion and power behind it , that it is a community that is willing to speak out when something is wrong , ” Camp said .
“ The City Council has stepped up to the plate and made a lot of fantastic changes .
And there have been some really good changes in the police department , in the way they do business .
It has really raised their [ the police department ’s ] awareness , ” Camp continued .
“ It took something going horribly wrong to open their eyes .
But I feel like now , for the first time , the city and the police realize that there are gay people living here and that we are valuable members of society .
…
The city learned a lot about a vibrant part of its community . ”
The incident has also , Camp said , raised awareness in the LGBT community .
“ There was so much ignorance , and not just on the side of the city officials and law enforcement .
It was on our side , too .
We all learned a lot about the law , about what was acceptable and what was not acceptable . ”
Police Chief Jeff Halstead agreed that both sides have learned valuable lessons from and about each other in the last year .
“ We all decided to get past our emotions , and we ’ve learned to respect each other ’s feelings and opinions , ” Halstead said .
“ And it ’s definitely been a worthwhile investment for us all to make . ”
The chief said he has seen a marked difference in the way the LGBT community responds to the police department since the raid occurred , and a difference in the way his officers see the LGBT community .
“ I think people in the community feel like they have actually built friendships in the police department , and not just with [ LGBT Liaison Officer Sara Stratten ] .
I think they feel like their ideas and opinions will be heard , ” he said .
Halstead had been on the job as chief of the Forth Worth PD for less than a year when the Rainbow Lounge raid happened .
And in his first public comments on the raid , Halstead told a reporter that patrons in the bar that night had made “ sexually suggestive movements ” toward the officers , and that he was proud of the restraint the officers had shown in the situation .
Halstead later apologized for his remarks , but not before the comments made him the focal point for much of the community ’s anger and outrage .
But at the barbecue this week , and when the chief attended a screening at the recent Q Cinema film festival , it was obvious that Halstead ’s efforts to reach out to and understand the LGBT community had overcome the anger .
Camp said that “ one of the greatest moments for me ” of the last year came when Q Cinema previewed the recently - completed trailer for Robert Camina ’s documentary , “ Raid at the Rainbow Lounge . ”
“ [ City Councilman ] Joel Burns was in the audience , and Chief Halstead was there with his wife .
There had been a lot of hand - wringing and worry over the trailer , because it focuses on the community ’s immediate gut reaction to the raid .
It ’s kind of harsh , and [ Camina ] was a little bit worried about how the chief would react , ” Camp said .
But Halstead took it all in stride , he said .
“ I think it showed some tremendous courage for him to be there and see that trailer .
He was painted as a villain early on , but he ’s not a bad guy , ” Camp said of Halstead .
“ He just had some learning to do , and he stepped up and was there and was supportive .
STOPPING TO REMEMBER | Fairness Fort Worth President Thomas Anable , left , and Q Cinema co-founder Todd Camp were among the community leaders who attended a barbecue on Monday , June 28 , at Rainbow Lounge to commemorate the anniversary of the 2009 raid on the bar and celebrate the progress the community has made over the last 12 months .
Anable and Camp were both at Rainbow Lounge when the raid occurred , and both helped organize the community ’s response .
( Tammye Nash / Dallas Voice )
“ I also think it says a lot that the chief of police was there for the opening night of an LGBT film festival , ” Camp continued .
“ It meant a lot to everybody that he was there . …
It ’s a sign that things really are changing for the better . ”
One of the first — and perhaps , most important — of those changes for the better came less than a month after the raid when Halstead announced that Fort Worth Officer Sara Straten had been appointed interim liaison to the LGBT community .
By the end of the year , the appointment had been made permanent and Straten had been reassigned from her community patrol duties to the public information office .
Straten acknowledged recently that while she is glad to be the LGBT liaison officer , it has n’t always been a smooth ride .
At first , Straten said , people in the LGBT community saw her as being too supportive of Halstead , a man they still saw as the enemy .
But as time passed , both she and the chief have built not only solid working relationships within the community , but friendships as well .
There have been very concrete advances with the police department , Straten said , starting with the implementation of a new policy on bar checks that went into effect on Sept. 1 last year .
The new policy specifies detailed steps for officers to follow , and designed to lessen the potentially adversarial relationship between officers , bar owners and staff and patrons .
Straten also praised the new diversity training implemented within the police department that puts more focus on LGBT issues than before .
She said she and Gil Flores taught the first diversity training session , and that officers in the class “ asked a lot of good questions . ”
“ The mayor and the chief both went through the training themselves about a month ago , and the chief was there at the first session , ” she said .
Officers also participated in the Tarrant County Gay Pride Parade and Picnic last October , and the chief and his wife attended the picnic .
The atmosphere for LGBT officers within the department has improved significantly , too , Straten said .
Before she volunteered for the liaison position , Straten was not out at work .
In fact , when she did step forward to volunteer , she became the first officially “ out ” officer on the force .
Since then , a number of other officers have come out , but Straten says the credit for that goes to the chief ’s leadership in creating a more comfortable and accepting atmosphere , and the individual officers ’ courage in taking that step .
FROM PROTEST TO PARTY | The Rev. Carol West , left , and David Mack Henderson , right , both of Fairness Fort Worth , are all smiles as they talk to Fort Worth Police Chief Jeff Halstead during a barbecue and meet - and - greet with police officers at the Rainbow Lounge on Monday , June 28 , the one - year anniversary of the Rainbow Lounge raid .
( Tammye Nash / Dallas Voice )
“ Coming out is scary .
But what kept me in the closet back then was as much my own stereotyping as anything else , ” she said .
“ I do think there has been a shift [ in attitudes within the police department ] , but I would never say that came from me .
I think it ’s more about a shift in the culture at large .
The younger officers coming into the force are much more accepting in general , and that changes things for everybody . ”
Halstead agreed that there has been a shift within the department .
“ I think that more and more , officers are feeling like they can just be themselves , gay or not , ” Halstead said .
“ It ’s taken some time , but the improving relationship with the LGBT community is helping .
With the proper training and with time , it will continue to improve . ”
Perhaps one of the most significant changes over the past year has been the formation and continued growth of the organization Fairness Fort Worth .
The group was formed in the days immediately following the raid initially to assist in finding witnesses who saw what happened that night , and to provide those witnesses with legal advice and support in giving their statements to investigators with the Fort Worth Police Department and TABC .
Now , said Anable , the group ’s newly - elected president , FFW has branched out and is intent on becoming a permanent resource for the entire community , helping to coordinate between other organizations and serving as a clearinghouse for and point of contact between the LGBT community and the community at large .
Anable said the group has secured its status as a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit organization , and organizers held their “ first real strategic planning meeting ” in January .
FFW is also conducting a community survey that will allow the group to compile statistics on the Fort Worth LGBT community .
“ We ’ve never really had an organization in Tarrant County that was really plugged into the political process , one that is able to speak consistently with one voice , ” Anable said .
“ We are actually doing , now , things that were only talked about before .
We have the momentum and the commitment to move forward with things that have only been talked about for a decade . ”
Although the Fort Worth community has “ a cooperative spirit ” and has accomplished goals in the past — like getting the city to pass a nondiscrimination ordinance protecting lesbians and gays — such efforts were always done quietly and in a somewhat piecemeal manner , Anable said .
But now , he added , “ we have an organization that has depth and is permanent , something that wo n’t go away .
We have lines of communication open now that we never had before .
We have real credibility now .
Now , they know we are a viable and valuable community . ”
Members of FFW were among those who went to the Fort Worth City Council meetings following the raid .
They stepped up to serve on the Diversity Task Force formed by the council that came up with a list of changes , most of which have been made already by city officials .
Among those was amending the city ’s nondiscrimination ordinance to specifically protect transgender people as well as lesbians and gays .
Two of the task force ’s recommendations — domestic partner benefits for city employees and insurance coverage for city employees who undergo gender transition surgery — are still on the table , primarily because the city has to watch every penny during the ongoing economic crunch .
There are other plans in the works , too , Anable said , such as building an LGBT community center that would include a phone bank and a library .
And while the resources — and the need — for these advances have always existed within the community , it took what Anable called “ the perfect storm ” of the Rainbow Lounge raid to set the change in motion .
“ It really was a perfect storm .
It was the 40th anniversary of Stonewall ; they were having the Stonewall anniversary march in Dallas ; Todd [ Camp ] was there in the bar that night ; I was there , ” Anable said .
“ People saw what happened , and people were angry .
And they were willing to do something about it .
“ It ’s amazing , really , everything that has happened , ” he continued .
“ I mean , to go from where we were to where we are now in just 11 months — are you kidding me ?
It ’s been amazing . ”
This article appeared in the Dallas Voice print edition July 02 , 2010 .
In evidence to the court , the girl contradicted what she had earlier told police
By Andy McFarlane
BBC News
Two boys , aged just 10 and 11 , have been found guilty by an Old Bailey jury of trying to rape an eight - year - old .
The young girl had told the court she was raped in a field near her home in west London in October 2009 , but barristers for the boys said they had been playing a game like doctors and nurses .
The boys were cleared of the more serious charge of rape .
The case has raised many questions about how best to deal with such young complainants and witnesses in adult courts .
Measures were taken to try to put both the young defendants and their victim at ease .
ANALYSIS Paul Mendelle QC , chairman Criminal Bar Association Children appearing in adult courts present very difficult situations .
Children may not understand some complex questions and you may get misleading answers .
There are methods by which you can ensure that questions are phrased more simply and are direct questions of the variety ' who / what / where ' .
It 's very difficult in cross-examination .
We do tend to ask leading questions that suggest the answer - that 's the skill .
But perhaps that 's precisely the sort of question we would ask an adult that we may not always be able to ask a child .
Professional intermediaries can write a report beforehand to suggest areas of weakness where witnesses might not understand .
This can help both the prosecution and defence but raises funding issues .
It 's a matter for debate whether we should look again at the age of criminal responsibility and the extent to which juveniles are brought into criminal courts .
The CBA represents up to 4,000 barristers
More legal opinions on the implications of the case Wigs and gowns were removed , while the judge sat at a less imposing height in the chair normally occupied by the court clerk .
None of the children involved in the case can be named .
Rather than being locked in the high - security dock , the boys sat in the well of the court - alongside their mothers .
Even so , as the older boy arrived , shirt and tie under a jacket , his nerves were evident .
As his co-defendant walked in to court , smart cardigan over a shirt , he smiled politely at the lawyers around him .
It must have been difficult for the jury to consider that they could have been responsible for such a crime .
The prosecution 's opening statement was shocking in its simplicity : " Rape by two boys , still at primary school , of a girl even younger than them . "
Prosecutors went on to allege the two boys - both 10 at the time - had lured this small and vulnerable girl to several places on a west London estate : a block of flats , a nearby bin shed and through a gap in a fence to a field .
They said they were biding their time until they were at a sufficiently secluded spot to carry out an unimaginably cruel act .
They had even taken the girl 's scooter and were refusing to give it back unless she agreed to their demands , prosecutors claimed .
The case was allegedly backed up by the evidence of a five - year - old boy , who had told the mother of one of the defendants that her son was in a nearby field " hurting " the girl .
The alarm was raised by the girl 's mother who , seeing the girl unusually quiet afterwards , asked what was wrong .
" [ The boys ] have been doing sex with me , " came the alleged reply , before the girl added they had told her not to tell anyone .
" I was absolutely stunned , " the mother told the court .
" She was very , very embarrassed .
She was squirming . "
Teddy bear
Her mother had driven straight away to confront the boys , who insisted they had done nothing wrong .
A specially - trained police officer spoke to the girl the next day and a video of the interview was played in court .
The jury watched as she clung to a teddy bear , playing with it absent - mindedly while reliving the events of 27 October last year .
There appeared to be neither malice nor bitterness in her account - just the simple recollection you might expect from a child .
She rubbed her eyes , hiding her face , as she became embarrassed and her voice dropped to a whisper at times .
I do n't think anyone who has sat through this trial would believe that the system we use is ideal
Mr Justice Saunders
Read your comments
Never using the word " rape " - perhaps a term unknown to most eight - year - olds - she described in plain language her version of what happened that day .
The video of a second interview was played to the court , in which the girl was pictured wearing her school uniform and restlessly clambering on the chair .
In it , a specialist police officer asked how the girl felt when the boys were having sex with her .
The girl said she could not remember .
Asked what she had been thinking , the girl gave the odd reply : " I was thinking I could go down the shops with my mum and get some sweets . "
But she remained unwavering in her account of the boys colluding to lift her up by the hips and have sex with her .
As the girl was shown on the courtroom monitors , holding the hand of a court officer who helped her into her seat , her vulnerability was obvious .
She sucked on a bottle of blackcurrant juice the way a baby might a dummy .
When asked by defence barristers whether she had been " telling the police about things that did n't happen " , the girl denied this .
' Inconsistent '
But under further cross-examination , she gave a very different account .
It was suggested that , in fact , the boys had not had sex with her , had they ?
Confirming this , she replied : " No . " Later , she was asked if she had told her mother the boys had taken off her underwear .
Defence barrister Linda Strudwick suggested : " You did n't want your mum to think you had been naughty ? "
" Yeah , " came the reply .
When the judge then asked what the girl had been worried about , she replied : " No sweets if it ( sic ) found out I had been naughty . "
Had it been an adult complainant , the judge noted during legal argument , the prosecution would never have continued with the case .
Defence barristers urged the judge to dismiss the case on the grounds the girl 's evidence was so " tenuous , inherently weak and inconsistent " that it was dangerous to put it before a jury .
Any medical evidence was " neutral " and neither of the boys ' DNA had been recovered from the girl 's clothing - although the court heard it would not necessarily have been there .
But Mr Justice Saunders dismissed these calls .
Instead , he accepted the girl had been " extremely tired " .
Prosecutor Rosina Cottage suggested the cumulative effect of this fatigue , being asked leading questions - including many she did n't understand - and barristers suggesting the youngster had been " naughty " , may have taken its toll .
Mr Justice Saunders accepted it would not take a girl of eight long to realise that if she " gave the answer which was wanted by the questioner , the questioner would move on " and so the experience would be " very much easier " .
Indeed he recalled that , at one point during cross-examination , he had told her : " Miss Strudwick is a very nice lady but you do n't have to say ' yes ' to everything she asks . "
The jury could conclude that she was " not actually agreeing in any meaningful way to what was being suggested to her , " said the judge .
In the event , the jury found the boys guilty of attempted rape , but cleared them of rape .
However , Mr Justice Saunders had perhaps already summed up everyone 's feelings in saying earlier : " I do n't think anyone who has sat through this trial would believe that the system we use is ideal . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Ali “ Ollie ” Woodson , former lead singer for The Temptations , died Sunday , RadarOnline.com has learned .
Woodson fronted the iconic Motown group from 1984 to 1986 , and from 1988 to 1996 .
He had been battling leukemia , and died at his home in California .
Dennis Hopper Dies
“ He had a style and swagger about himself that was different than other Temptations , ” Billy Wilson , president of the Motown Alumni Association told The Detroit Free Press .
Treat Her Like A Lady was Woodson ’s biggest hit with The Temptations .
Watch Woodson Sing Treat Her Like A Lady On RadarOnline.com
Guake is a drop - down terminal for GNOME Desktop Environment .
Running Guake is faster than launching a new terminal with a keyboard shortcut because the program is already loaded into memory .
Guake is a blessing for those who use terminal for anything and everything .
Yakuake and Tilda are similar terminal emulator application for KDE and GTK + environments respectively and Guake is an attempt to meld the best of Yakuake and Tilda into a single GTK based application .
Transparency effect is pretty cool and simple easy to use preferences tab makes it even better .
Guake is available with the official Ubuntu repositories .
So you either search and install the package from Ubuntu Software Center or you could use the following command .
sudo apt - get install guake
Done .
Now goto Applications - Accessories - Guake Terminal .
You can also add Guake to your start up applications list .
For that , goto System - Preferences - Startup Applications and add Guake .
Guake is already available in repositories of Fedora , Debian , Ubuntu and ArchLinux by default , but if you cannot find it in the repo of your distribution visit the Guake download page .
Also Read ..
For non gamers ( like me ) , Quake is a first person shooter game and design inspiration for Guake Terminal Emulator came from consoles in computer games such as Quake which slide down from the top of the screen when a key is pressed , and slide back up when the key is pressed again .
Guake is originally inspired from KDE's Yakuake .
6 - 7 % of adults report delayed sleep phase syndrome and 17 % of university students have symptoms that qualify ( from a recent study ) .
My sense is that entrepreneurs , through both cause and correlation , have significantly higher rates of insomnia than the general population .
I 'll talk a lot more about this relationship in a future post , but the anecdotal evidence of morning - hating entrepreneurs is not difficult to find .
If you 're like me , you 've tried lots of different methods .
You already know about exercising , skipping caffeine , eating well , developing sleep habits , using white noise or a fan , etc .
If you actually have delayed sleep phase syndrome , none of these actually work .
And because they take so much discipline , you generally do n't keep up with it anyways .
I get so annoyed by people who have normal sleep cycles offering me solutions that work for them .
Simple solutions like listening to pleasant music , counting sheep , taking a bath ... they just do n't work .
I 've bought virtually every gadget out there and seen lots and lots of doctors .
After years and years of struggling with this problem , I actually have a fairly normal sleep pattern now .
Here 's how I did it :
1. Avoid bad light at night
2 . Get bright light in the morning
It 's actually that simple .
Caffeine matters and sleep habits matter , but none of them fix the underlying problem : that your circadian rhythm is not working right .
I first realized this when working at summer camps growing up .
I always had tremendous sleep problems during the year and then they would magically go away every summer when I was up at camp .
The key was that at summer camp , I was exposed to early morning light outside every day and I had no access to the bright blue light of TVs and computers at night .
In response , I went to sleep at normal hours and woke up ( reasonably ) easily .
It took me years , but I 've now found the right mix of gadgets and systems to duplicate this success :
1. Avoid Bad Light At Night
This is super important .
The body falls asleep as melatonin rises and serotonin falls .
Seritonin is stimulated by blue wave light .
Very simply , the more light at night , the harder it is to fall asleep .
Let 's be real here though , I 'm not turning off my lights or living by candle light .
There 's no way I 'm turning off my HD TV , Macbook , iPad , or iPhone either .
I need ways to limit bad light at night without hampering my digital lifestyle .
For the computer , I use a program called f.lux .
It adjusts the color of your screen to reduce the blue light composition .
It 's far more important to reduce blue light than it is to simply turn the brightness down , though I do that too .
F.lux will slowly adjust my monitor color levels to a light red tint after sunset and then return to normal after sunrise .
It has a Disable - for - an - Hour feature that lets you easily bypass it whenever you want .
I highly recommend it and it's free .
I double up with a physical filter as well .
I got a blue light filter made by Low Blue Lights , which is basically just a high - priced orange clipboard , but I 'm not complaining .
With a little piece of velcro , it affixes to my monitors and really blocks out the blue light .
While F.lux starts working at sunset , I use the physical filter when I 'm using my laptop in bed .
Want to see just how effective this is ?
Have it on for just 10 minutes in a dark room , enough for your eyes to adjust .
Then remove the filter .
You 'll be shocked at how blindingly bright your monitor now looks , even on its lowest setting .
Low Blue Lights also sells red light bulbs that you can use as a reading light .
These are awesome .
They always feel way too low in intensity when you first turn off your regular light , but once your eyes adjust , you realize that there 's still plenty of light to read by .
2. Get Bright Light in the Morning
There are two reasons to get light in the morning .
First , the early light will help you wake up and feel refreshed .
Additionally , the light , if bright enough , also helps you reset your circadian rhythm so that your body will start the countdown to night earlier .
Several gadgets can help you achieve this :
First , I use a sunrise alarm clock .
This is an alarm clock that slowly turns on to mimic a sunrise ( duh ) .
The beauty here is that you set it to start 30 - 60 minutes before you need to wake up .
It increases the likelihood that you 'll naturally wake - up before your alarm goes off .
With my sunrise alarm clock ( and all these other methods ... ) , I wake up before my alarm all the time .
It dramatically changes your mood to wake up naturally .
You can geek out on your success by tracking your sleep habits .
I use Sleep Cycle :
An iphone app that monitors your sleep by tracking your tossing and turning .
It also has a built in alarm clock that tries to optimize the time it wakes you based on when you 're in the lightest sleep .
I do n't use it anymore since the sunrise alarm clock works so well , but it 's a nice idea .
My friends at WakeMate are working on a similar concept .
While the sunrise alarm clock will help you wake up , it wo n't reset your circadian rhythm -- which is the root cause of delayed sleep phase syndrome .
If you have the means , go spend half an hour in bright sunshine outdoors and you 'll be fully reset .
If you have any type of normal job or class schedule , this wo n't be possible .
You need really bright light in the morning to reset your schedule and it needs to be done every morning .
Your office light probably gives you 500 lux of light .
Standing outside on a bright day is closer to 10,000 lux .
I have two powerful lights .
The first is a bright flourescent light that supplies 5000 lux of light .
Importantly , I have it sitting next to my bed , and the bulb part reaches out over where my head is .
I connect this light to a standard timer , the type you use to program your outdoors lights .
I set it to go on about 15 minutes before my alarm clock .
This way , if my sunrise alarm clock ( which uses a normal bulb ) does n't wake me up , I get a huge burst of light as well .
Ideally , I would have large bay windows that wash me with natural sunlight at the perfect time each morning , while blocking out all light the night before when I try to go sleep .
Since that 's nearly impossible to pull off , this is the next best thing .
I generally get out of bed pretty quickly after my 5000 lux overhang light turns on .
By then , I 'm refreshed and awake , and I start my morning routine .
I still have n't gotten the needed ~ 30 minutes of bright light to reset my circadian rhythm though .
If I do n't get this bright light early in the morning , it will be harder for me to go to sleep that night .
So , while eating my breakfast , I have a 10000 lux light that sits on my table pointing into my eyes .
I 've tried the really big box lights from BioBrite .
If you 're really struggling to adjust your schedule , this is the way to go .
If it 's overkill , than I also recommend the much smaller light notebook .
It delivers 5000 lux of light but is far less intrusive .
Shopping list and total Cost :
$ 0 F.lux
$ 30 Blue Light Filter
$ 25 Low Blue Light bulb
$ 120 Sunrise alarm clock
$ 130 Bright overhanging light
$ 30 Timer
$ 180 Light notebook
$ .99 Sleep Cycle
So , for a total of $ 520.99 , you can squash probably one of the most frustrating bad habits in your life .
There are , of course , many many other solutions -- please share what has worked for you in the comments .
[ Edit 7/29/2012 : ]
Finally , a company made a decent product that addresses this issue .
I now whole heartedly recommend the Naturebright Per3 as both a sunrise alarm clock and bright overhanging light .
It replaces the need to work with our own timer , since it 's integrated into one .
I 've bought two , one for each side of my bed .
I 've now also bought over a dozen for friends and family members that suffer from delayed sleep phase syndrome .
Reception has been quite positive .
Go try it out -
Find discussion of this post on Hacker News and on Reddit
******************
I 'm Jason Freedman .
I co-founded FlightCaster
I would be remiss not to recommend the following opportunity : @ JasonFreedman
According to uighurbiz.net , Uighur reporter and blogger Gheyret Niyaz（海來特．尼亞 孜 ）has been sentenced to 15 year imprisonment on July 23 under the charge of “ endangering national security ”
In Urumqi , Xinjiang .
The main reason for the prosecution was his interview with overseas media outlet on the Xinjiang 7.5 riot last year .
He was arrested and has been detained since October 1 , 2009 .
Gheyret Niyaz insisted that he is innocent and that he talked to the oversea media outlet as a citizen and a reporter without any bad intention .
He will file an appeal .
In July 2009 , he told the reporter in the Asia Weekly or Ya Zhou Zhou Kan that he urged the Xinjiang government to take precautions on the 7.5 riot .
His suggestions were :
1 . The governor , Nur Bekri , shall give a public speech in order to calm people down , before noon on july 5
2 . The government shall ask Han shops to close up on the day .
3 . As many police and troops shall be sent in to seal off the Uighur areas .
He also pointed out that the riot was related to the introduction of two policies – bi-lingual education and the exportation of Uighur workers to southern China .
And the organization behind the incident is Hizb ut - Tahrir , a global Islamist organization .
In an interview with Deutsche Welle , Ilham Tohti , a famous Uighur scholar and webmaster of Uighurbiz.net , pointed out that Gheyret Niyaz is a member of CCP and his position in the Xinjiang Economic Daily is equal to that of a Department head .
He is critical of both Rabiye Qadir , the Chair of World Uyghur Congress and Wang Lequan , the party chief of Xinjiang in his writings .
Although he is a web manager in Uighurbiz , he is not popular among the Uighur – many consider his opinion too pro-Han .
Ilham believes that any harsh sentence would further antagonize the relation between Han and Uighur .
Time Cube Lecture / Debate
Rhett Creighton
Wed Jan 30 , 03-05:00 pm , 10 - 250
No enrollment limit , no advance sign up
Single session event
Guest speaker Gene Ray will talk about his world famous harmonic " Time Cube . "
A question - and - answer session will follow the talk , along with a panel debate composed of Gene Ray , Harvard , and MIT representatives .
Event open to members of the MIT community only .
Web : http://www.timecube.com
Contact : Rhett Creighton , ( 617 ) 262-5090 , rhett@mit.edu
Sponsor : Rhett Creighton , rhett@mit.edu
Latest update : 17 - Jan-2002
Last Friday , Fox News ’ Bill O’Reilly asked former Gov. Sarah Palin ( R - AK ) what she would do about immigration if she ever became “ President Palin . ”
Palin informed O’Reilly that she would do “ whatever it takes ” to secure the border , including “ militarizing ” the border with 10,000 - 15,000 National Guard troops and building a wall .
However , Palin seemed less confident about what to do about the millions of undocumented immigrants already living in the U.S.
She proposed requiring undocumented immigrations to register with the federal government in order to legally work in the United States — a step that would actually be part of comprehensive immigration reform :
O’REILLY : Now we have 12 million people staring at you . [ … ]
Are you going to deport them , what are you going to do ? [… ]
PALIN : You ’re not gonna give them a free pass .
You ’re not gonna say , ‘ okay you and anyone else who wants scurry across this porous border between now and when we do finally get it fenced in and physically secured — we ’re gonna give you a free pass . ’
O’REILLY : So no amnesty ?
PALIN : No amnesty ! [… ]
Do we make them register with the federal government ?
Yes ! [… ]
Let ’s keep it simple and let ’s say ‘ no , if you were here illegally and if you do n’t follow the steps that at some point through immigration reform we ’re gonna be able to provide — and that is somehow to allow you to work — if you do n’t do that , then you ’re gonna be gone . ’
Watch it :
Palin ’s immigration platform unintentionally sounds a lot like the Democrats ’ “ Conceptual Proposal for Immigration Reform ” that Republicans widely rejected :
Proponents of immigration reform acknowledge that we need to meet clear and concrete benchmarks before we can finally ensure that America ’s borders are secure and effectively deal with the millions of illegal immigrants already in the United States .
These benchmarks must be met before action can be taken to adjust the status of people already in the United States illegally … this proposal not only includes well - designed statutory provisions that will strengthen future enforcement , but also includes a broad - based registration program that requires all illegal immigrants living in the U.S. to come forward to register , be screened , and , if eligible , complete other requirements to earn legal status , including paying taxes .
Ultimately , Palin ’s responses to O’Reilly ’s probing questions were fuzzy at best .
Palin went back and forth between agreeing to give undocumented immigrants green cards because “ there has to be that expectation that they will work ” and saying American citizens need to be the ones with the “ first shot ” at jobs .
Palin also reminded O’Reilly of how her “ great political hero ” Ronald Reagan signed off on legalizing 3 million undocumented immigrants in 1986 .
When O’Reilly pointed out that he “ botched it , ” Palin immediately backed away saying , “ Exactly !
We learn from history . ”
The Immigration Reform and Control Act ( IRCA ) that Reagan signed off on failed to put an end to illegal immigration because it did n’t create a flexible policy to deal with the future flow of immigration or sufficiently deter employers from hiring undocumented labor .
However , there are also some lessons to be learned from IRCA ’s legalization program .
“ Even though IRCA was implemented during an economic recession characterized by high unemployment , it still helped raise wages and spurred increases in educational , home , and small - business investments by newly legalized immigrants , ” asserted the Center for American Progress in a report that was released earlier this year .
“ Taking the experience of IRCA as a starting point , we estimate that comprehensive immigration reform would yield at least $ 1.5 trillion in cumulative U.S. gross domestic product over 10 years . ”
Andrea Christina Nill
Reposted with permission from The Wonk Room .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele has provoked a furor by remarks he made on President Obama ’s Afghanistan policy at a GOP fundraiser in Noank , Ct. ( where he mumbled on for all the world like a third - rate lounge lizard at an off - off the Strip Vegas discount casino before an audience mesmerized into zombiehood by its subsidized lunch buffet ) .
The speech appears to have been secretly recorded , and is now on the Web .
Geo at the Right Vs. Left blog put up a transcript of Steele ’s comments .
The Republican line on the Afghanistan War is apparently that it is a good war , well - fought , but has the misfortune to be overseen by Obama , who , despite personally ordering all the elements of the war that the GOP praises , is nevertheless somehow an inappropriate leader of it .
Self - contradiction poses no conundrum for politicians as long as the public does not notice it .
That it is illogical to denigrate Obama as leader while praising the troop surge and the counter - insurgency strategy that he authorized appears not to occur to anyone south of the Mason - Dixon line .
Conservatives ( with the exception of Libertarians ) can embrace this paradox because they hold twin premises .
The first is that the United States should always be at war and all of its wars are glorious , righteous and beneficial to all concerned , even the enemy .
The second is that a Democratic president is sort of like gay marriage ; it is against nature and intrinsically wrong , and while it may actually exist in some times and places , it must be vigorously ignored until it can be undone and safely forgotten about .
With a Democratic president in the White House , the munificent War must resemble the virgin birth , having no human author and yet bestowing infinite grace on all .
Steele violated this both - sides - of - the - mouth absurd discourse every which way from Sunday .
He attributed the war to Obama , restoring him as commander - in - chief , a presidential epithet applicable only to GOP heads of state .
Steele said that Afghanistan “ was a war of Obama ’s choosing .
This was not something that the United States had actively prosecuted or wanted to engage in . ”
Steele seems to have missed the part where the Bush administration gradually committed the US to war - fighting in Afghanistan .
He has paid no attention to what has been going on in Afghanistan since the Taliban were overthrown or at least sidelined in 2001 .
He does not seem to realize that the NATO and US troops were doing active war - fighting in Afghanistan all through 2008 . , when 159 Americans gave their lives and nearly that number again of NATO and allied troops also died .
Then Steele openly said that the war , far from being magnificent and beneficent , is actually a Major Mistake and almost certain to End Badly .
He said that if Obama
“ is such a student of history , has he not understood that you know that ’s the one thing you do n’t do , is engage in a land war in Afghanistan ?
Alright , because everyone who has tried over a thousand years of history has failed , and there are reasons for that .
There are other ways to engage in Afghanistan … ”
( I would argue that it is actually only since Afghans began learning how to manufacture [ in artisan style ] hand - held firearms that they have become truly formidable , i.e. from the late 1600s . )
Steele ’s remarks on Afghanistan can be distinguished from those of Denis Kucinich only insofar as the RNC chairman complained about Obama ’s ‘ demonization ’ of the Iraq War ( as if it had actually gone very well and been unproblematic , deserving none of the opprobrium heaped upon it by mere reality ) .
Steele said , “ But it was the President who was trying to be cute by half by building a script demonizing Iraq , while saying the battle really should in Afghanistan . ”
Other than his attachment to a war launched in impudent violation of the United Nations charter and all subsequent international law , which killed perhaps a million persons , wounded 3 million and displaced and made homeless another 4 million …
Steele sounded like a left - wing Democrat .
He seems to have been reading Ann Jones at Tomdispatch ( would that more GOP officials did ) .
Here is the video ; turn the audio way up :
Having delivered himself of the only principled and sensible arguments he has put forward since the Good Old - boy Party humorlessly made him its public face , Steele now faces demands by the hounds of the Right that he resign in ignominy .
When Bill Kristol , who has notoriously been Wrong about Everything , demands that an RNC chairman resign , it can only mean that the party has a choice between reviving Neoconservatism– which is pernicious but creepily coherent as a nihilist ideology of perduring destruction– and muddling along with no positive message at all .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China on Wednesday ruled out the “ nuclear ” option of dumping its vast holdings of U.S. Treasury securities but called on Washington to be a responsible guardian of the dollar .
A shopkeeper shows gold bangles to a customer at a jewellery shop in Mumbai November 4 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Arko Datta / Files
In the third in a series of statements explaining its work to the Chinese public , the State Administration of Foreign Exchange sought to allay concerns in the outside world that arise whenever Beijing shifts its holdings of U.S. government debt .
“ Any increase or decrease in our holdings of U.S. Treasuries is a normal investment operation , ” SAFE , the arm of the central bank that manages China ’s official currency reserves , said .
It said it constantly adjusts its portfolio to maximimise returns , and any changes to its U.S. Treasury portfolio should be seen in that light and not interpreted politically .
In a series of questions and answers posted on its website , www.safe.gov.cn, SAFE asked rhetorically whether China would use its $ 2.45 trillion stockpile of reserves , the world ’s largest , as a “ nuclear weapon ” .
SAFE said such concerns were completely unwarranted .
“ The U.S. Treasury market is the world ’s largest government bond market , and U.S Treasury bonds deliver fair good security , liquidity and market depth with low transaction costs .
“ The U.S. Treasury market is a very important market for China , ” the agency said .
China held $ 900.2 billion in U.S. Treasuries at the end of April , according to U.S. Treasury data released on June 15 .
Bankers say China ’s total holdings of dollar - denominated assets are much greater , accounting for perhaps two - thirds of its reserves .
GOLD NOT THE ANSWER
SAFE also gave a qualified vote of confidence to the dollar .
The agency acknowledged that financial markets were very concerned at one point that massive U.S. government borrowing would drive the U.S. currency lower .
But it said economic conditions elsewhere were also a factor in determining the dollar ’s trend .
The euro zone , for instance , was struggling with high government debt levels .
“ We must recognise that any depreciation of the dollar is relative to other countries , and other countries or regions also have this or that problem , ” SAFE said .
One of the prime concerns of Chinese Internet commentators is that a long - term decline in the dollar or euro will erode the value of SAFE ’s portfolio .
To that end , SAFE called on the United States and other major countries to take “ responsible measures ” to maintain the value of their currencies .
This meant withdrawing monetary stimulus in a reasonable manner and relying less on deficit spending .
SAFE was lukewarm about gold as an investment .
“ It can not become a main channel for investing our foreign exchange reserves , ” the agency said , noting the size of the gold market was limited and prices were volatile .
Buying more gold would also not help much in diversifying China ’s reserves .
China has increased its gold holdings by more than 400 tonnes in the past few years to 1,054 tonnes .
Even if it doubled that amount gold ’s share of SAFE ’s portfolio would increase by only one or two percentage points .
SAFE is an easy target for domestic critics who question why China has amassed a mountain of reserves instead of investing more at home .
The elucidations on its website appear primarily aimed at disarming those critics .
“ SAFE will never be a speculator .
It mainly seeks to protect the safety of China ’s FX reserves and ensure a stable investment return , ” it said .
The agency said it was a financial investor and did not seek management control when it made equity investments .
Answering its own question on whether it has bought into stocks , private equity funds or any other higher - risk instruments , SAFE said its never excludes any investment .
“ It depends on whether a product meets SAFE ’s demand for safety , liquidity and a stable yield for its FX reserves , and whether it can help SAFE diversify risks , ” the agency said .
We ’re the area ’s first authentic craft beer restaurant , serving innovative ( and slightly off - centered ) ales and scratch - made fare for more than 15 years .
But we did n’t get to be an enduring hometown favorite without knowing who we are and who we serve .
Our guests prefer a warm , welcoming gathering spot over chains and copycats ( and their copycats ) .
They value fresh and delicious food , crafted with care and served by attentive and friendly folks .
And , they appreciate real craft beer , such as our prized flagship brews , intriguing reissues and new seasonal offerings .
So , whether you ’re already a fan – or a soon - to - be fan – join us for the truly original craft beer experience .
New research finds that a history of sexual abuse , regardless of the victim 's gender or age when the abuse occurred , correlates strongly with a lifetime diagnosis of multiple psychiatric disorders .
In the July issue of Mayo Clinic Proceedings , researchers report that a history of sexual abuse is associated with suicide attempts , post - traumatic stress disorder , anxiety disorders , depression , and eating and sleep disorders .
Additionally , associations between sexual abuse and depression , eating disorders , and post - traumatic stress disorder were strengthened by a history of rape .
" Survivors of sexual abuse are commonly seen in general medical practice , " says Ali Zirakzadeh , M.D. , Mayo Clinic Division of General Internal Medicine and principal investigator of the study .
" Sexual abuse survivors face a challenging spectrum of physical and mental health symptoms , which results in high health care utilization , oftentimes without improvement in quality of life . "
The study reports prevalence rates of sexual abuse in some populations are as high as 21 percent in adults and 33 percent in children .
Furthermore , sexual abuse survivors can represent up to 25 percent of patient panels in primary care practices .
Researchers also explored why some abuse survivors do not experience psychiatric symptoms and suggest that genetic variability may confer a level of protection .
" The protective effect of certain genes against the development of psychiatric disorders in abuse survivors is an intriguing prospect .
If confirmed , future testing may more effectively identify victims of abuse who are at increased risk to develop psychiatric disease and lead to the development of better interventions and treatment " says Dr. Zirakzadeh .
Dr. Zirakzadeh adds , " The good news for patients is that physicians are now more aware of the link between abuse and psychiatric illness so that abuse survivors may be more readily identified and referred to specialists for treatment .
We hope that heightened awareness in clinical practice leads to improved outcomes for our patients . "
The blockbuster resignation this week of career civil servant Munir Sheikh as head of Statistics Canada has finally given the Conservatives the wedge issue they wanted :
Is StatsCan right to require that citizens and residents cooperate with a national census that for decades has sought detailed information from the one in five households issued a “ long - form ” questionnaire ?
That ’s how the Conservatives are framing this debate .
Industry Minister Tony Clement argues that Canadians should never be “ coerced ” into disclosing personal information and income to the government , as this violates their privacy rights .
Clement is backed in his Tea Party North crusade by Maxime Bernier , the one - time Conservative foreign minister who worries about confidentiality but was forced to resign after leaving behind a confidential brief when he overnighted with a girlfriend tied to biker gangs .
Will they now argue that the Canada Revenue Agency has no business coercing taxpayers to fully disclose their income , assets , liabilities and marital status on their annual returns — merely because they take a long time to fill out and leave Canadians cursing every April ?
Will they demand that Statistics Canada discontinue the monthly Labour Force Survey , which saddles more than 50,000 Canadians with detailed questions about employment , income and marital status ?
Will the mandatory agricultural survey be next , so that farmers will no longer be hounded by impertinent StatsCan queries about how much manure is used as fertilizer ?
The Conservatives claim that Canadians are rebelling against the census en masse .
But the privacy commissioner has received only a handful of complaints over the years .
By contrast , the census has long helped decision - makers in Ottawa , the provinces and the municipalities , in businesses and charities .
That ’s why this move is being opposed by groups of all political stripes , who argue persuasively that it will do huge damage to the national database .
That the Conservatives persist in crass appeals to their bedrock anti-government constituency , while making a virtue of ignoring expert advice , may yet backfire on them .
Sheikh ’s principled resignation from StatsCan has shed light on Clement ’s intellectual dishonesty and outright falsehoods .
Clement claims a valid alternative to the mandatory long - form is a planned “ voluntary ” survey that will cost taxpayers an additional $ 30 million while grievously degrading the quality of the results .
Statisticians are unanimous in warning that people at high - and low - income extremes will be disinclined to respond .
Yet , as with the gun registry — which was massively supported by police chiefs across the country — the Conservative government is going its own way , for its own reasons .
By ignoring expert opinion , it has created a crisis of confidence and a crisis of competence .
Like the controversy over prorogation of Parliament , which many thought was merely an “ elite ” issue , the Conservatives may yet find that by insulting the intelligence of Canadians , they do themselves harm .
In his first year he took a lousy hockey team and made it entertaining .
In his second year he made it a division champion .
But for someone so good at making others better than they really are , since getting the boot from Buffalo , Ted Nolan has failed to do the same for himself .
Once considered a rising star in the NHL coaching ranks and a beloved figure for his great work and fiery persona in his short time in Buffalo , Nolan has been responsible for much of his own career demise since he and John Muckler were both losers in a 1997 power struggle .
And as the 15 - year anniversary of his hiring as head coach of the Sabres approaches , Nolan apparently has n't used up all of the cards in the racism deck just yet .
Two weeks ago , PuckLife Magazine ran an amateurish error - filled Nolan apologist piece disguised as an objective interview , and the former Sabres coach was in rare form .
In case you missed it - well , you really did n't .
You 've seen this routine before :
" You know , that 's one of the bad misconceptions out there , that I do n't get along with GMs very well , it 's just one of those things .
You know , me and my wife have been married thirty years .
We have disagreements all the time .
Does that mean I 'm a bad husband ? "
" I 'm different .
I did n't go to their hockey schools , I do n't look like them .
Racism , when I was younger , was in your face .
And I almost preferred that .
When you become an adult it is less pronounced but it 's there , just not to your face .
It 's hard to deal with . "
" I know the reason ( for the rift with franchise goalie Dominik Hasek ) .
And it 's just one of those things I 'll write in a book when I 'm all done .
But it was n't a very pretty situation . "
You have to hand it to Nolan for being a master of using emotions to blind people into overlooking simple facts .
He 's so good at it that he even fooled Hall of Fame writer Frank Deford , who used a 2006 NPR interview with Nolan to jump on board and suggest that racism was behind Nolan not being offered another NHL job .
There 's just one problem with this outcry , however .
As great a writer as Deford is , he seemingly failed to do his homework on this one .
Six weeks after Nolan lost the Buffalo job , Phil Esposito offered him the head coaching position in Tampa Bay .
Nolan rejected him .
And while he contends that this was due to the fact that the area did n't have adequate hockey programs for his talented sons , Esposito seems to have a different take on it .
In television and print interviews , Esposito has implied that money was the issue , and that at a time when Tampa was struggling financially due to incompetent ownership and a huge Chris Gratton contract , Nolan demanded a salary of $ 750,000 - more than what any coach , including Scotty Bowman , made in ‘ 97 .
Eventually Jacques Demers , who had better credentials , took the job for $ 350,000 .
During the same offseason , Nolan turned down an offer to become an assistant coach with the New York Islanders .
He then rejected them for the head coaching position in January of 2006 , but they stayed in pursuit and offered him the job again that summer .
Thankfully for the Islanders , at long last , his schedule was apparently finally free enough to allow New York the esteemed privilege of having him .
There 's no shame in accepting a lesser position to stay involved in the game .
Former Sabres head coach and the father of hockey video scouting , Roger Neilson , accepted assistant coaching gigs on three separate occasions after having already been a head coach .
Ken Hitchcock and Terry Murray took scouting jobs while waiting for openings .
And , unlike Nolan , those guys actually won more than 45 % of their games .
Having a subpar record along with an entitlement mentality does n't exactly equate to being a slam dunk for the latest hot coaching gig .
It 's not about racism - it 's about professionalism .
Not coincidentally , it was n't just an issue in Buffalo but also in New York .
After reaffirming his media darling status following the Islanders earth - shattering eighth place finish in 2007 , things fell apart the following season .
The team struggled and Nolan once again through the media played his GM like a fiddle , bemoaning the lack of talent on his team .
Conflict arose over the use of veteran players like Bill Guerin , Miro Satan , and Rick DiPietro .
At the end of that season , Snow did the unthinkable .
He fired the coach that led his team to the 26th best record in a 30 - team league .
Was Nolan let go because he is an Ojibwa Indian ?
Larry Brooks of the New York Post apparently does n't think so .
Following the firing , Brooks wrote : " Ted Nolan fired himself the first week of March when he picked against Rick DiPietro for both ends of a home - and - home series against the Rangers . "
Anyone with more than a hockey puck for a brain knows that racism is still a sad reality in society .
But Nolan , in comparing the mentality of the naïve and ignorant fools he 's faced in his life to the collective mindset of a group of hockey executives simply obsessed with winning , proves to lack any credibility once you put emotion aside and just look at the facts .
Turning down job after job and in the process complaining about being blackballed should make people roll their eyes .
Many folks who matter have grown tired of the act .
Media personalities and former Sabres forwards Rob Ray and Matthew Barnaby were once huge Nolan backers , but last year on Canadian television both admitted they no longer felt it was a good idea for any NHL team to hire him .
Sabres Managing Partner Larry Quinn , who also was in charge during Nolan 's tenure , said this week on Buffalo sports talk radio that the major cause of the Nolan - Hasek rift was that when newspapers and talk shows turned on him , Hasek could never count on his head coach to defend him .
That theory from Quinn , who himself has had a maligned career , can certainly be opened up for criticism .
But the point here is , both in this case and in the Islanders saga , that none of this involves racism and all of it involves professionalism in the eyes of the decision maker .
Anyone who has worked in a professional capacity in any walk of life should understand this .
This is not about blackballing anybody .
There are n't a lot of openings out there , and good coaches sometimes slip through the cracks for awhile .
John Tortorella did n't come close to landing one of the eight head coaching gigs that opened up in 2008 despite having a Stanley Cup championship on his resume .
And when finally offered the Rangers job , he did n't turn it down and then whine about being shut out .
Shortly after the PuckLife interview Nolan said he regretted being " too honest " and declared that he would n't talk about it anymore .
Seeing that this soap opera has dragged on far too long , and many fans and media would just assume see it put to bed for good , we can only hope that this time he means it .
Twitter : @DaveDavisHockey
Security of U.S. Passports Called Into Question
Why are key components outsourced to country in turmoil ?
June 14 , 2010  --
The U.S. government agency that prints passports has for years failed to resolve persistent concerns about the security risks involved in outsourcing production to foreign factories , a joint investigation by ABC News and the Center for Public Integrity has found .
" On a number of levels this is extremely troubling , " said Clark Kent Ervin , a former inspector general at the Department of Homeland Security .
" Something like that ought to be produced only in the United States , under only the most rigorous security standards . "
A report on the outsourcing of U.S. passports to high - risk countries can be seen on World News with Diane Sawyer tonight .
Despite repeated assurances they would move production to the U.S. , a key government contractor has continued to assemble an electronic component of the nation 's new , more sophisticated passport in Thailand .
The factory is near the same Bangkok suburb where a notorious terrorist extremist was captured in 2003 .
There have been bursts of violence in the industrial city , Ayutthaya , as recently as last month .
Both the inspector general at the Government Printing Office and the agency 's own security chief have warned specifically against producing the computer chip assembly in the Thai facility .
One internal report obtained by ABC News and the Center for Public Integrity warned of a " potential long term risk to the [ U.S. government 's ] interests . "
CLICK HERE TO READ THE CENTER FOR PUBLIC INTEGRITY'S STORY
The top official at the GPO , Robert Tapella , declined requests to be interviewed on the subject .
ABC
News caught up with Tapella at an industry conference in Baltimore to ask him why repeated warnings about the security of the passport supply chain have not been resolved .
Tapella said government contractors were in the process of moving work on the passport out of Thailand and into a newer facility in Minnesota .
" I believe the Government Printing Office along with the Department of State , are doing everything necessary to maintain and secure the passport supply chain , " he said .
The Thai factory was one of several concerns raised in an inspector general 's audit earlier this year that looked into the way the GPO is producing the new e-passport – a passport that is supposed to be impenetrable to counterfeiters because it stores information on an embedded computer chip that is tucked into the cover .
Experts agree that passport production is a critical homeland security concern , given that possession of an American passport can help a traveler bypass some of the stringent reviews conducted of those entering the U.S. from abroad .
Ervin described the document as an EZ - pass into the United States , something officials say terrorists know all too well .
GPO 's inspector general has warned that the agency lacks even the most basic security plan for ensuring that blank e-Passports -- and their highly sought technologies – are n't stolen by terrorists , foreign spies , counterfeiters and other bad actors as they wind through an unwieldy manufacturing process that spans the globe and includes 60 different suppliers .
This disturbs Rep. John D. Dingell , D. - Mich. , who wrote letters to the agency two years ago raising questions about passport production .
" Regrettably , since then , our fears have been realized because the inspector general and other people in charge of security at the government printing office have pointed out that the security is not there , " Dingell told ABC News .
" There is no real assurance that the e-passports are safe or secure or are not in danger of being counterfeited or corrupted or used for some nefarious purposes by terrorists or others . "
Dingell said the agency needs to make good on years of promises to move production of the chip assembly into the U.S .
CLICK HERE to follow the ABC News Investigative Team 's coverage on Twitter .
Gary Somerset , a spokesman for the agency , said the process of moving production into the U.S. is well along .
He estimated that only about one in five chip assemblies are still put together in the Thai factory , and said the agency has pledged to move out of Thailand completely by the end of July .
At the Ayutthaya plant , Thai workers create assemble inlays that embed wireless transmitters and sophisticated computer chips that store personal information used by customs and border guards to verify the identities of those who enter the United States .
The inlays are shipped back to Germany and eventually the full e-Passport is assembled in the U.S. .
There remains disagreement about whether the theft of blank computer chips assemblies could enable someone to clone an e-passport .
Ari Juels , the chief scientist at RSA Laboratories , a Cambridge - based security research group , said the risk is that someone could take information from a stolen passport and imprint it on a blank chip , which could then be embedded into a forgery .
" Getting a hold of an inlay might help someone to create an authentic looking copy , " he said .
Somerset said that has never happened , to his knowledge .
" There has been no security breach in the electronic passport supply chain , " he said .
Officials at the Dutch contractor that owns the chip assembly plant in Thailand , Smartrac , also told ABC News that it has tightened security there since the first concerns were raised inside GPO .
A company spokeswoman also said employees " undergo a background check to assure that highest security standards are not only met in terms of production environment but also in terms of personnel . "
CLICK HERE to follow ABC News Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross on Twitter .
But none of that comforts Robert Sheridan , a retired customs agent and former GPO investigator who has followed the security issue for years .
" A passport is the keys to entry into the kingdom , " Sheridan said .
" Somebody better wake up . "
John Solomon is a reporter with the Center for Public Integrity , a nonprofit investigative journalism organization .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
AMERICA 's dominance in the field of supercomputing has slipped over the past decade , according to the latest TOP500 chart , a biannual list of the world 's fastest number - crunching machines .
Having accounted for 56 % of the top 50 machines a decade ago , America now accounts for 40 % .
Japan has lost ground too , while Britain and Germany have held steady .
The greatest gains have been made by France , due in part to the use of supercomputers in the energy industry , and China , which had no supercomputers in the top 50 a decade ago , but now has four , including the world 's second - fastest machine , at the National Supercomputing Centre in Shenzhen .
Other countries have also moved up the rankings , which indicates that supercomputers are more widely distributed around the world than they used to be : the top 50 machines include computers in South Korea , Saudi Arabia , Switzerland and India .
Shutterstock
The INTERNET Database of Periodic Tables
There are thousands of periodic tables in web space , but this is the only comprehensive database of periodic tables & periodic system formulations .
If you know of an interesting periodic table that is missing , please contact the database curator : Mark R. Leach Ph.D .
Use the drop menus below to search & select from the more than 1100 Period Tables in the database :
Text search :
2009
Russian Periodic Table
A modern Russian periodic table using the Mendeleeve formulation :
An older version of the same formulation ( date unknown , 1950s ? ) , from here :
Top of Page
What is the Periodic Table Showing ?
Periodicity
© Mark R. Leach Ph.D. 1999 –
Queries , Suggestions , Bugs , Errors , Typos ...
If you have any :
Queries
Comments
Suggestions
Suggestions for links
Bug , typo or grammatical error reports about this page , please contact Mark R. Leach , the author , using mark@meta-synthesis.com
This free , open access web book is an ongoing project and your input is appreciated .
50 Essential Sites to Find Obscure College Sports Stats
Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn
You may already be familiar with college sports stats offered by mainstream media such as ESPN and CBS Sports ; however , you may find that lone wolf sports fanatics and obsessed data geeks could have more obscure records waiting for you online .
Additionally , while football and basketball have garnered much attention in the collegiate sports realm , other obscure sports such as water polo and snowboarding also have their merits .
Hence this list of 50 essential sites for any college sports fan who craves some intense stats and rankings .
General Sports Stats
ACC : The Atlantic Coast Conference sports fan can find stats , rankings , teams and much more at this Web site .
Big 10 Conference : Learn more about the men’s and women ’s sports at this Big Ten site .
Big 12 Sports : The Big 12 Conference , despite being one of the youngest conferences in America , embarks on its 15th season in 2010 - 11 .
College Sports Matchups : CSM offers all the significant news for your team in one place , no matter if it ’s from the ACC , Big 12 , Big East , Big Ten , PAC - 10 or SEC .
Hickok Sports :
Not a fancy site , but one filled with tons of information about every sport imaginable from college to pro.
NAIA : This is the official site for the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics , and provides a different perspective on college athletes and their various sports .
NCAA : Every sport imaginable within the National Collegiate Athletic Association is listed here , including legislation and governance , stats and records .
NJCAA : The National Junior College Athletic Association offers stats , reports , award winners and more at this site .
SEC Sports Fan :
This site provides perspective on the Southeastern Conference that you can get nowhere else , including an overview of every major college sport in that arena .
STATS : STATS provides unparalleled coverage of 234 sports including real - time scores , historical sports info and AP editorial .
StatSheet : Follow news and stats , build your own charts and read analysis at this site .
StatTweets : Use Twitter to follow just the teams you are interested in and to interact with each account to retrieve team and player stats dynamically .
Warren Nolan :
Get your fill of college stats and ratings for basketball , football , baseball and softball .
Women ’s Sports Foundation : Look to this site for stats such as gender studies and more for a variety of sports at all levels and age groups .
Baseball and Basketball
Baseball America :
This link takes you straight to the college section of this site , where you can find news , trackers , stats , scores and more for teams across America .
Baseline Stats :
This site is devoted to college basketball statistics .
Black College Baseball :
Do the conference “ Quick Pick ” to learn more about your division , team and individual player .
Boyd ’s World : Enjoy easy and simple college baseball ratings , analysis , and “ the occasional opinion . ”
Bracket Science : Pete Tiernan has been using stats to analyze March Madness for 19 years .
His insights into the NCAA tournament and college basketball stats can help you build a better bracket .
College Baseball 360 : Enjoy schedules , stats , polls and live coverage of all your favorite teams .
College Baseball Insider :
This is the total college baseball site , filled with NCAA stats , journals , team links and scores and schedules .
Pomeroy Ratings and Stats : Enjoy the blog and drink up the college basketball ratings and stats found at this site .
Society for American Baseball Research : SABR ’s mission is to foster the study of baseball past and present , and to provide an outlet for educational , historical and research information about the game .
SR College Basketball :
Get schedules and stats for every D - 1 college football team in the country as well as information on bowl games , coaches , conference standings , poll results , and more .
The Baseball Cube :
This site goes from high schools and minor leaguers to college and beyond .
Find stats as well as fantasy analysis tools .
Football
CFBStats :
Get your college football stats here , from national to conferences , and by teams and players .
Chris Stassen ’s Football Search : Chris Stassen has several programs to access a database of all college football scores viewed by a variety of methods .
College BCS : Learn everything you need to know about the Bowl Championship Series in football .
This site is known for scoops , and you can subscribe for a fee .
College Football Data Warehouse :
This site focuses on the historical data of college football , including all - time records of all division 1 - A teams , national champs and conference champions .
D3 Football :
This is your main source for Division III football information from news to awards , stats and rankings .
Football Outsiders : Football Outsiders brings you a series of brand new , in - depth statistics you can’t find anywhere else .
Max Emfinger :
If you want to know the future of college football , take a look at the national voice for high school football recruiting and the famous Mears Index ratings .
Track and Field
Athletic.net :
This site carries collegiate track and field and cross country stats .
Schools sign in to log their stats so you can see first - hand results .
Direct Athletics : Based in Boston , MA , DirectAthletics provides online entry services and Web - based automation tools for data - intensive sports such as swimming , track & field and road racing .
Runner Space Collegiate : Check out rankings , compare teams and learn more about cross , indoor and track nationals .
USATF : USA Track & Field ( USATF ) is the National Governing Body for track and field , long - distance running and race walking in the United States .
U.S. Track and Field and Cross Country Coaches Association :
Get into this site to learn more about team rankings , polls , results and much more from a different perspective .
Misc .
Stats
Robert Wright on culture , politics and world affairs .
Can somebody remind me how my tax dollars wound up going to pay 12 - year - old Somali boys to walk around with rifles and , when circumstances seem to warrant it , kill people ?
Oh , wait , it ’s all coming back — which is good , because the lessons go well beyond Somalia , and help explain why the war on terrorism has n’t gone well lately .
A guy my tax dollars were devoted to killing , back in 2006 , is now the guy my tax dollars are devoted to arming as he fights guys we inadvertently helped empower .
Back in 2006 , President George W. Bush supported and helped finance Ethiopia ’s military intervention in Somalia .
The idea was to prop up a faltering Somali government and fend off an insurgent force called the Islamic Courts Union — even though observers warned that a ) the I.C.U. , by bringing order to long - chaotic parts of Somalia , had become more popular than the government we were backing ; b ) there were I.C.U. leaders who , by local Islamist standards , were moderate , so maybe we should try to work with them instead of kill them ; c ) backing a Christian government ’s armed intervention in a Muslim country was n’t the best way to win hearts and minds in the war on terrorism , and indeed might weaken those moderates within the I.C.U. and empower their radical rivals .
Sure enough , the American - Ethiopian intervention backfired .
It wound up strengthening a radical wing of the I.C.U. , which , under the name al - Shabaab , became the dominant insurgent group .
In retrospect , the moderates in the I.C.U. looked pretty good , and the United States helped one of them , Sharif Sheik Ahmed , become head of the government that we continued to try to resuscitate .
So a guy my tax dollars were devoted to killing , back in 2006 , is now the guy my tax dollars are devoted to arming as he fights guys we inadvertently helped empower .
( And his operations seem not to be going very well . )
Now , given that al - Shabaab uses 12 - year - olds as soldiers , maybe it ’s not surprising that our man Ahmed is using 12 - year - olds as soldiers , too .
Still , this is n’t our finest moment , and two morals of this sad story are particularly noteworthy .
1 ) Military intervention can take an essentially local Islamist movement and turn it into a threat to the United States by driving it into alliance with America ’s enemies .
It was after the American - Ethiopian intervention that al - Shabaab crystallized and cultivated strong ties with Al Qaeda .
2 ) Once we ’ve thus internationalized tensions that had been largely local — once we ’ve strengthened bonds between locals and Al Qaeda , and strengthened the America - versus - Islam narrative deployed by jihadist recruiters — American Muslims who for whatever reason are already unstable become vulnerable to that recruiting pitch .
Only this month , two Americans were arrested as they headed to Somalia to join the international war against crusaders .
( The journalist Adam Serwer has been almost alone in noting the link between the cultivation of these jihadists and the 2006 Ethiopian - American intervention . )
Does any of this sound eerily familiar ?
It should .
Here ’s why :
1 ) In Iraq , the jihadist group that created so much carnage — “ Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia ” — did n’t even exist in that form until we invaded .
Before the war it was n’t affiliated with Al Qaeda ( much less called Al Qaeda ) and was more anti-Jordanian government than anti-American .
2 ) In Afghanistan , our troop presence in rural villages is driving local leaders who resist occupation into the arms of Taliban Central , based in Pakistan .
Meanwhile , our intervention in both Afghanistan and ( via drone strikes ) Pakistan seems to be strengthening Taliban Central ’s bond to Al Qaeda .
( Opinions differ over how close Al Qaeda ’s relationship to the Taliban was before the Afghanistan war , but in any event our becoming their common enemy has brought a convergence of their strategic goals . )
And with both Iraq and Afghanistan , as with Somalia , our involvement in conflict helps nurture terrorists here at home .
The Fort Hood shooter was outraged by both the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , and the Times Square bomber was upset by the Iraq war and the Pakistani drone attacks that are spillover from the Afghanistan war .
Terrorists like these create exactly what Al Qaeda wants : American suspicion of American Muslims and even attacks on American mosques .
Needless to say , this kind of domestic atmosphere can create more homegrown terrorists , which can further intensify the atmosphere , which can create more homegrown terrorists and so on .
This is Osama bin Laden ’s dream , and our foreign policy seems almost designed to make it a reality .
Shifting course wo n’t be easy .
It ’s not as if withdrawing from Afghanistan would restore calm , and it ’s not as if 12 - year - old Somali killers would join a Boy Scout troop if only we ’d quit paying for their rifles .
But humanitarian problems like these are the whole world ’s burden and should be handled — in cases where they can be handled — by the international community .
We should contribute our fair share , yes , but going further than that would n’t make sense even if we knew how to do so successfully — which , manifestly , we do n’t .
It ’s tempting to defend President Obama ’s persistence in foreign policy fiascos by saying that he inherited them from George Bush and can’t wind them down overnight .
But in some ways Obama is out - Bushing Bush .
He ’s radically increased the use of drone strikes and is expanding “ covert ” military operations that can wind up backfiring much the way America ’s support for the Ethiopian intervention in Somalia backfired .
In some of these cases he is taking radical Muslims with essentially local grievances and turning them into America ’s enemies .
And he ’s failing to heed the most fundamental lesson of Somalia and for that matter Afghanistan and Iraq :
No matter how bad things are , trying to make them better can always make them worse .
BBC News
The head of the American Association of University Professors has accused BP of trying to " buy " the best scientists and academics to help it contest litigation after the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
" This is really one huge corporation trying to buy faculty silence in a comprehensive way , " said Cary Nelson .
BP faces more than 300 lawsuits so far .
In a statement , BP says it has hired more than a dozen national and local scientists " with expertise in the resources of the Gulf of Mexico " .
The BBC has obtained a copy of a contract offered to scientists by BP .
It says that scientists cannot publish the research they do for BP or speak about the data for at least three years , or until the government gives the final approval to the company 's restoration plan for the whole of the Gulf .
It also states scientists may perform research for other agencies as long as it does not conflict with the work they are doing for BP .
And it adds that scientists must take instructions from lawyers offering the contracts and other in - house counsel at BP .
Bob Shipp , the head of marine sciences at the University of South Alabama , was one of the scientists approached by BP 's lawyers .
They did n't just want him , they wanted his whole department .
" They contacted me and said we would like to have your department interact to develop the best restoration plan possible after this oil spill , " he said .
" We laid the ground rules - that any research we did , we would have to take total control of the data , transparency and the freedom to make those data available to other scientists and subject to peer review .
They left and we never heard back from them . "
What Mr Nelson is concerned about is BP 's control over scientific research .
" Our ability to evaluate the disaster and write public policy and make decisions about it as a country can be impacted by the silence of the research scientists who are looking at conditions , " he said .
" It 's hugely destructive .
I mean at some level , this is really BP versus the people of the United States . "
In its statement , BP says it " does not place restrictions on academics speaking about scientific data " .
' Powerful economic interests '
But New Orleans environmental lawyer Joel Waltzer looked over the contract and said BP 's statement did not match up .
" They 're the ones who control the process .
They 're depriving the public of the data and the transparency that we all deserve . "
But some scientists who have been approached by lawyers acting on behalf of BP are willing to sign up .
Irv Mendelssohn is a professor in the Department of Oceanography and Coastal Sciences at Louisiana State University .
" What I 'm doing would n't be any different than if I was consulting with one of the natural resource trustees .
I am giving my objective opinion about recovery . "
Some scientists approached by BP lawyers have been offered as much as $ 250 an hour .
Prof Mendelssohn says he would negotiate his normal consulting fee , which is between $ 150 and $ 300 an hour .
But he says that is not why he is doing it .
" Good scientists , they 're going to be giving their opinions based on the facts and they are not going to bias their opinions .
What 's most important is credibility . "
But Cary Nelson is concerned about the relationship between corporations and academia .
" There is a problem for a faculty member who becomes closely associated with a corporation with such powerful financial interests .
" My advice would be : think twice before you sign a contract with a corporation that has such powerful economic interests at stake . "
In a recent interview with the Wall Street Journal , Nas has revealed that he no longer believes that Hip Hop is dead .
“ It died several times , but I do believe in the heartbeat of it right now , ” says Nas , whose 2006 release Hip Hop Is Dead engenders discussion even to this day about the state of the genre .
“ There are a lot of new artists , and artists that have been around , who are kicking ass right now .
I just wanted to give a boost to people and to myself , to push people to go harder .
It ’s a different world now . ”
No word on whether Nas ’ next album will be titled Hip Hop Is Alive , but stay tuned for updates regarding the matter .
By By Stephanie Dearing Jun 4 , 2010 in Food The Peasant Movement of Papay ( MPP ) , Haiti , is urging farmers to reject donated seed stock from Monsanto , and farmers have responded saying they will burn the gift .
" ...
Following the disaster , Monsanto donated money to the recovery , but it was clear a donation of our products – quality corn and vegetable seeds – could really make a difference in the lives of Haitians .
We believe agriculture is key in the long - term recovery of Haiti .
That ’s why we ’ve donated more than $ 4 million worth of conventional corn and vegetable seeds to be made over the next 12 months in support of reconstruction efforts .
The donated seeds include corn , cabbage , carrot , eggplant , melon , onion , tomato , spinach and watermelon .
The Haitian Ministry of Agriculture approved our donation and ensured the seed selected was appropriate for the growing conditions and farmer practices in Haiti . " " ... is a multidisciplinary program that ... aims to improve the livelihoods of the rural populations of Haiti and to reduce the risks posed by environmental degradation in the catchment of Plaine du Cul - de - Sac and Gonaïves through agricultural intensification , rehabilitation of rural infrastructure , good governance of natural resources , collective awareness and public - private - peasant partnership ... centered on farmers and aimed at reversing the course of economic and environmental decline in targeted watersheds .
We will help farmers acquire the resources and the capacity to become more productive and generate higher incomes in a sustainable manner that protect the environment . "
The donation will not go directly to farmers , but instead will go to farming association stores in Haiti , where the seeds will be sold to up to 10,000 Haitian farmers .
Monsanto anticipates those buying farmers who buy the seed will be able to grow themselves food as well as " ... provide them additional economic opportunities . "
But do Haitians want the seed ?
A letter circulated the web via email in May from Haiti's Chavannes Jean - Baptiste .
Jean - Baptiste is the Executive Director of MPP , and he characterized the donation from Monsanto as " a very strong attack on small agriculture , on farmers , on biodiversity , on Creole seeds ... , and on what is left our environment in Haiti , " reported the Jean - Baptiste has organized two protest marches for Haiti .
Canadian sympathizers have planned a
The growing farmer rejection of Monsanto 's donation has raised the old issue of whether those living in poverty have the right to determine what is best for them .
Most comfortably - fed pundits , such as Jean - Baptiste has been active The United Nation 's " ... an agro - based economy whose general livelihood systems have been seriously affected by recurrent onslaught of weather - related disasters resulting in 18,441 killed , 4,708 injured and 131,968 homeless , 6,376,536 affected and economic damages for 4.6 billion US $ over the 21st century .
Particular physiographic characteristics - semiarid tropical climate , rough and mountainous terrain - and the combined interplay of environmental degradation with extreme socio-economic conditions in the form of poverty , illiteracy , inefficient land use systems and governance problems , have made the country increasingly vulnerable . "
Chavannes Jean -Baptiste is an agronomist who founded the MPP .
He has been training Haitian farmers in sustainable agriculture practices for the past 30 years , and was awarded in 2005 with the Monsanto jumped into Haitian reconstruction efforts , along with the rest of the world , committing to provide over $ 4 million worth of product to Haitian farmers over 2010 .
Monsanto announced the donation saying WINNER is a five - year project in Haiti backed by the United States .
The project , in the words of WINNER , The donation will not go directly to farmers , but instead will go to farming association stores in Haiti , where the seeds will be sold to up to 10,000 Haitian farmers .
Monsanto anticipates those buying farmers who buy the seed will be able to grow themselves food as well as " ... provide them additional economic opportunities .
" But do Haitians want the seed ?
A letter circulated the web via email in May from Haiti's Chavannes Jean - Baptiste .
Jean - Baptiste is the Executive Director of MPP , and he characterized the donation from Monsanto as " a very strong attack on small agriculture , on farmers , on biodiversity , on Creole seeds ... , and on what is left our environment in Haiti , " reported the Huffington Post .
A press release from the Canadian Biotechnology Action Network ( CBAN ) said Jean - Baptiste called the donation " a new earthquake .
" Jean -Baptiste has organized two protest marches for Haiti .
Canadian sympathizers have planned a solidarity protest in Montreal , outside of the Haitian Consulate .
The Canadian protest is a joint action organized by Union Paysanne , Action SOS Haiti , the Canadian Biotechnology Action Network , HAITI : One Seed One Land , and Greenpeace .
It starts at 10 am Friday .
The growing farmer rejection of Monsanto 's donation has raised the old issue of whether those living in poverty have the right to determine what is best for them .
Most comfortably - fed pundits , such as Margaret Wente , feel that hungry Haitian farmers have no right except to accept the Monsanto gift .
Jean -Baptiste has been active opposing agricultural crops that threaten the livelihoods of Haitian farmers .
Last year , he presented a petition to the Haitian government that called for an end to producing bio-fuels , saying the industry meant the " extermination " of small farmers .
The United Nation 's Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) wrote in 2000 that some 70 % of Haitians relied on local agriculture , which it characterized as mainly small scale subsistence farming .
In 2007 , FAO issued a document called Good Practices for Hazard Risk Management in Agriculture , which describes Haiti asChavannes Jean - Baptiste is an agronomist who founded the MPP .
He has been training Haitian farmers in sustainable agriculture practices for the past 30 years , and was awarded in 2005 with the Goldman Environmental Prize for his work .
More about Haiti farmers , Monsanto , Peasant movement papay , Cban More news from haiti farmers monsanto peasant movement pap ... cban
In 1997 , while serving as a White House adviser to President Bill Clinton , current Solicitor General and Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan urged the president to support a ban on late - term abortions for political reasons .
In 1997 , while serving as a White House adviser to President Bill Clinton , current Solicitor General and Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan urged the president to support a ban on late - term abortions for what appear to be purely political reasons , according to a report by the Associated Press .
The AP article notes this was “ a political compromise that put the administration at odds with abortion rights groups . ”
Documents reviewed Monday by The Associated Press show Kagan encouraging Clinton to support a bill that would have banned all abortions of viable fetuses except when the physical health of the mother was at risk .
The documents from Clinton ’s presidential library are among the first to surface in which Kagan weighs in on the thorny issue of abortion .
The position favored by Kagan was a “ compromise ” of abortion rights crafted by Democratic Sen .
Tom Daschle in response to efforts by Republicans to pass the so - called partial birth abortion ban .
“ Clinton supported it , ” reports AP , “ but the proposal failed and Clinton vetoed a stricter Republican ban . ”
In a May 13 , 1997 , memo from the White House domestic policy office , Kagan and her boss , Bruce Reed , told Clinton that abortion rights groups opposed Daschle ’s compromise .
But they urged the president to support it , saying he otherwise risked seeing a Republican - led Congress override his veto on the stricter bill .
Sex . Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Clinton generally supported banning late - term abortions but insisted there be an exception when the mother ’s health was at risk .
The memo , reports AP , is more of a political calculation than a legal brief , but “ Kagan and Reed urged Clinton to support the compromise despite noting that the Justice Department believed the proposal was unconstitutional . ”
” We recommend that you endorse the Daschle amendment in order to sustain your credibility on HR 1122 and prevent Congress from overriding your veto , ” they wrote .
The memo noted that another White House adviser , Rahm Emmanuel , also supported the idea .
Emmanuel is now Obama ’s chief of staff .
Memos reviewed by AP were contained in Reed ’s files .
“ They do not include Kagan ’s papers from her time as domestic policy adviser and associate White House counsel .
Those records , a several - thousand page collection that could provide the most revealing look at Kagan ’s legal work , are expected to be released this summer . ”
This appears to be the first insight into Kagan ’s own thinking around political expediency and women ’s rights .
“ Partial - birth ” abortion is a term created by the anti-choice community and is not a medical term .
Moreover , late abortions –those in the third trimester–invariably occur because of fetal anomalies incompatible with life , the death of a fetus in utero , or because of threats to the life and health of the mother .
Banning these procedures takes out of the hands of women and men decisions they feel they need to make for themselves and their families often based on wrenching , life - threatening conditions .
It is no surprise to hear now that any of these three advisors to President Clinton supported this “ compromise ” because it has become almost axiomatic that self - described pro-choice politicians these days rarely stand up on principle for the ultimate right of women to make the decisions they need to make for themselves and their families .
That the role of a Supreme Court judge is different than that of a political advisor to the President and that such positions might vary according to the specific role is a given .
However with so little to go on regarding Kagan ’s record , it is difficult to feel comforted by that realization .
May 7 , 2009 8:50:18 PM from Sins of a Solar Empire Forums
This is the official thread for the Sins of the 13th Tribe mod .
Please note that it only works for Entrenchment v1.05
This is a total conversion mod , so the TEC , Advent , and Vasari are no longer playable
The Colonials and Cylons are now playable races
Download Sins of the 13th Tribe v0.96 :
MegaUpload : http://www.megaupload.com/?d=ABORTM4L
Original Sins Version by Larkis :
MegaUpload : http://www.megaupload.com/?d=N0DA2GR0
* Note * I am not responsible for the OS version .
Direct all comments , questions , concerns , etc , at Larkis .
Credits :
Coding by : kyogre12
Models by : Kreeargh , Coxxon , Unknown Warrior , Dnkids , Major A Pain , Koobalt , Larkis , and the members of Cloak & Dagger Studios .
Textures by : Kreeargh , Coxxon , Fallen Warrior , File 'o ' soft Koobalt , larkis , and others
Special Thanks to ManshOOter , Bailknight , Tenhunter , rjhughes , Danman , the Distant Stars Team , and the sins of Alethia Team .
Distant Stars : Nacey , Skyling , Uzii , Gurkoz , Boshimi336 , Solitaire , Titan , Nataku , - Ue_Carbon , Ryat , & Madeiner
Known Bugs :
Some ships do not have names or are improperly named
Colonials still glow occasionally
If you have any ideas for abilities , or want to report a bug , please post here .
I will try to keep you up to date on progress .
v0.96 Changes
Entrenchment v1.05 compatability
Fixed String not found errors for the Galactica 's colonize ability and the Worldstar 's extra squadrons ability
Temporarily removed the custom static defense structures , so there will not be any more bug reports about the meshes reverting to the unmodded forms
The Cloud 9 is now correctly called the Cloud 9
New weapon sound effects for the Galactica + Mercury
Please , if you play this , report back here any balancing problems , particullarly in terms of research .
Additional Forums : http://danmangames.com/forums/index.php
Wallpapers : Click the thumbnail to view the full size ( all are 1024x768 )
More Wallpapers , thanks to Unikraken :
The Total War series from The Creative Assembly has been through a lot of changes in recent years .
There ’s been ancient Rome , the medieval era ( once again ) , and the colonial era .
However , through these games there was a progressive shift away from “ old school , classic Total War . ”
When I went behind closed doors with Mr. Kieran Brigden of Creative Assembly he was pleased to hear that I was quite familiar with Rome : Total War since the newest Total War game was going to be a shift back to “ roots . ”
I could probably write a short book about this closed - door look into Shogun 2 : Total War .
There was so much content covered , so many questions answered , and I was surprised by how much Japanese history Kieran knew .
Yet , I digress ; you all are n’t here for a history lesson , are you ?
You want the delicious , deep - dish pizza with all the toppings ( but no anchovies ) !
For those who ’ve played the Total War series since the beginning , you ’d know that Shogun : Total War was the first game .
As such , the symbolism of going back to the roots of what Total War was about is echoed by the choice of doing a second Shogun game .
To Creative Assembly , Shogun 2 is going to be what the original Shogun game should have been .
“ If we could go back and do it again , this is how we ’d do it , ” Kieran declared .
Shogun 2 takes place in 1545 Feudal Japan , where nine clans make up warring states which are all led by individuals who want to be Shogun .
The Emperor of Japan is still considered to be a “ God - like figure ” during this time so you ’re not trying to obtain that role .
Instead , the idea is that the Emperor will have no choice but to name you Shogun ( basically the protector of Japan ) if you defeat all the other clans and thus have the full army of Japan behind you .
All nine of the clans have different attributes .
For instance , one clan could be better on horseback while another is more skilled at archery .
Every single one of these clans is playable .
Now , one thing players will notice is that the game is more focused than recent versions .
You ’re not going to start the game with a huge range of vision or a multitude of available cities .
Instead , every clan starts in a small zone where they are the only entity visible .
Kieran made it clear that the same epic size experienced in Empire : Total War would be retained ; however , slightly reduced .
There is also going to be a return to family roots .
For instance , if you ’ve played Rome : Total War , you ’ll remember that your leader ages and eventually dies , only to pass on the torch to a family member .
It was confirmed in this meeting that the clan leader you start with will not be the one you finish the game with .
Additionally , each clan or faction leader will also have reputation .
This is part of the attempt to personalize your experience and help with your immersion into the world of Shogun 2 .
Speaking of immersion , Creative Assembly is doing its best to ensure the artwork is top of the line in order to help keep you pulled into the game .
I saw many samples of the artwork that ’s been put together and words ca n’t bring justice to just how beautiful it looks .
It took over a year for the art team to nail down the game ’s original yet historically accurate appearance .
In fact , Creative Assembly even had to talk with lawyers and museum officials to make it known that the art for the game had n’t been stolen .
The music is returning to earlier roots as well .
Jeff van Dyck . who composed the music for the original Shogun : Total War and , most recently , for Medieval II : Total War is back for Shogun 2 .
As an enormous fan of game music I can tell you that I ’m excited to see what Jeff brings this go around .
Meanwhile , the superb artwork does n’t just end with painting .
There have been some serious graphical improvements .
It ’s to the point of first person shooter visual fidelity now …and this is an RTS .
There are destruction states for objects and even water cascading off rooftops during a battle in the rain .
All objects are now physically integrated into the environment .
This means if you shoot some fire - arrows into the sky , the clouds will illuminate .
If you set fire to a house , the lighting will be apparent upon the surrounding area .
A given battle can now theoretically hold up to 56,000 units .
These units are now made up of eight unique parts instead of the four seen in Napoleon : Total War .
Oh , and each unit is now up to one - thousand polygons .
This graphical upgrade even extends into tree types , with eighty different handmade ( not randomly generated ) trees being spread throughout the game .
This game is only in early alpha and yet it looks absolutely stunning already .
Now let ’s get into the nitty - gritty details of unit changes and battle mechanics .
Units !
There are now only thirty .
That ’s right , only 30 .
Three zero .
But , before your cork pops there ’s a very good reason for this …it ’s historically accurate !
Unless you want vampire ninjas running around the battlefield , it makes sense to have just thirty .
It ’s also part of making the game simpler yet more complex at the same time .
Meanwhile , ‘ rock , paper , scissors ’ is now quite prevalent .
Unlike in Empire where you had all sorts of different classes of riflemen with minute stat differences , each unit in Shogun 2 is completely unique .
If you ’ve played Rome , you ’ll remember that spearmen destroyed horsemen .
The same principle applies in Shogun 2 .
Remember agents ?
Well , it used to be that different types of agents could n’t really do anything to each other .
However , agents in Shogun 2 will all be able to impact one another in their own unique ways .
BOOM !
Siege warfare is now vital !
Unlike in Europe where castles had one gate and attackers would funnel in and feel the joy of oil pouring down upon them , Japanese castles have multiple entryways .
So , it ’s up to you to decide which entries you want to attack …or defend .
These castles can also be upgraded to have up to five different levels that need to be breached to take control .
Think Helms Deep from Lord of the Rings : The Two Towers .
The castles will also be built in three different areas : coastal , flats , or into mountains … think Helms Deep !
Oops , already said that .
At the same time , naval warfare is in the game and much different from what you experienced in Empire .
These battles take place primarily along the coast in shallow water and are highly melee based .
This is just how naval battles were back in Feudal Japan .
However , it actually looks like it ’s going to be a lot of fun .
There are twelve naval vessels in all so that should help add enough variety to make it quite enjoyable .
Ok , are you all ready for the big one ?
Night battles are back !
Not good enough ?
Umm … unit upgrades are in !
Fire arrow upgrades for the win ?!
That ’s still not satisfactory for you ?
Alright !
You win .
Hero units are in the game .
I can already hear the yells of “ NoOoOoOo !!! ”
I was going to do the same thing if the heroes in the game were made out to be fantastical .
Luckily for all of us they are n’t like that at all .
Think of heroes as extremely expensive , high - end versions of a given type of unit .
They may have a special move that only their group can do , but if they meet their rock in battle and they ’re scissors … and even the rock is n’t a hero itself ?
The non -hero units are either going to win , or severely cripple the hero .
It is important to note that hero units are n’t just the hero alone .
They have a group of powerful units with them .
Again , if the hero was alone it would be absurd to see one guy run around tearing things up .
However , there is a chance to see the hero unit within the hero group all alone !
HERO BATTLE TO THE DEATH !
That ’s right .
If you have a hero unit in battle and the enemy has one too , they can actually meet alone and fight each other to the death .
If you win , the other side ’s morale is pretty much destroyed and you will win the given battle … you best not be on the losing side though .
You can break up the fight if you want , but that ’s just not honorable in my opinion !
Well , there you have it everyone .
The inside scoop on Shogun 2 : Total War .
Creative Assembly has bolstered its personnel numbers in recent years with 148 people now working in the studio compared to the 37 for Rome : Total War .
I can tell the increased manpower has paid off .
We can all expect to see this extremely promising game sometime in 2011 .
If anyone has questions about the game that were not answered here , feel free to make a comment below .
I may just know the answer !
Alonso Lujambio califica como un ' �xito rotundo ' la aplicaci�n del reciente examen , pese a que el promedio de calificaci�n de los aspirantes al magisterio fue de 5.4
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 28 de julio de 2010
Nurit Mart�nez / corresponsal | El Universal
20:02
Stricken with severe chest pains recently , a village elder named Shabarat Sageed made his way to a U.S. Special Forces base near this remote settlement in southern Afghanistan .
Soldiers there radioed a U.S. medical helicopter unit at a bigger compound 55 miles south .
Within minutes , crews climbed aboard two Black Hawk helicopters for a 38 - minute flight to pick up the ailing man .
Sageed , hobbling on a hand - carved wooden cane , was then flown to a U.S. military clinic .
The extraordinary effort to treat a single villager is one way the U.S. military is trying to woo Afghans away from the Taliban in parts of southern Afghanistan .
A 16 - man medical evacuation unit based in Tarin Kowt , capital of Oruzgan province , has airlifted several dozen Afghans since arriving in March .
A 4 - year - old girl who tumbled down a well .
A boy mauled by a dog .
Another boy with fingers blown off by a land mine .
All were scooped up and flown to a medical station at the Tarin Kowt base or farther south to a hospital in Kandahar .
The pilots and crews risk their lives every time they take off .
The helicopters burn fuel at a cost of about $ 3,000 an hour .
Many of the patients are in remote parts of the mountainous , 12,000 - square - mile area covered by the unit .
Marked by a cross , the medevac helicopters fly without weapons , under what crewmen call an “ unarmed but unafraid ” philosophy .
They are tailed by a “ chase bird ” : a Black Hawk armed with two medium machine guns .
The Geneva Convention forbids attacks on medical aircraft , but insurgents frequently fire on them with rocket - propelled grenades and assault rifles .
Yet for all the risks and costs , the rescue missions are a significant component of an evolving counterinsurgency strategy .
In a nation with abysmal healthcare , delivering high - quality emergency medical treatment to a beleaguered population is a powerful weapon — even though crews can treat only a fraction of those in need .
Lt. Col. Scott Hasken , the task force commander , says medical treatment has been as important as military operations in winning over villagers in areas dominated by the Taliban .
“ We run a risk every time , but it ’s definitely appreciated , ” Hasken said .
“ It ’s making a difference , especially when kids are involved . ”
U.S. military policy allows medevac crews to treat civilians when conditions permit , but every case must be approved by commanders at the main U.S. air base in Kandahar .
If fighting is heavy and crews are needed on a regular basis to treat combat casualties , such as in Helmand province , the policy is to treat only those civilians injured by North Atlantic Treaty Organization forces .
But for now , with no conventional combat troops at the Tarin Kowt base , the medevac crews , which are with the 101st Combat Aviation Brigade , have more time and resources to aid civilians .
They also treat wounded U.S. or Australian special forces soldiers based there , along with Dutch soldiers and Afghan security forces .
About 70 % of the unit ’s 130 missions have helped Afghan civilians or security forces ; about 10 % for U.S. troops and 20 % , other NATO forces .
Commanders said they could not provide the exact number of civilians treated , though they said that most Afghans treated have been civilians with illnesses or injuries not the result of the fighting .
“ Every time we go out , we know we ’re helping somebody , ” said Capt .
John Robichaux , 30 , of Louisiana , who commands the brigade ’s 1st Platoon , Charlie Co. , 6th Battalion .
In addition to commanding the medevac platoon , Hasken is an Apache gunship pilot in a battalion that flies attack helicopters to support troops in battle and Black Hawks to ferry soldiers on air assault missions .
A few air battalion crew members have been uncomfortable with the focus on treating civilians , Hasken said .
“ But they understand why we do it and why it ’s important , ” he said .
“ They get it . ”
In April , elders in Gizab , a village about 20 minutes north of Tarin Kowt , turned several insurgents over to a nearby Special Forces team .
Hasken said they also identified several Taliban compounds that were later attacked by battalion gunships .
Local Taliban commanders were captured or killed .
Then , this month , 250 residents of another village , backed by U.S. aircraft , helped 10 Afghan police repel a Taliban attack on a checkpoint , according to the U.S. military .
Many factors influence such uprisings against the Taliban , including tribal politics and local power plays .
But the goodwill built by medical missions makes villagers more inclined to side with U.S. forces , Hasken said .
“ I truly believe treating the locals up there helped turn those people against the Taliban , ” said Sgt. Troy Halfhill , 27 , a flight medic who has flown on nearly 40 missions .
Crews have even flown into firefights to rescue Afghan police wounded by insurgents with no U.S. forces to protect them , Robichaux said .
“ That builds trust , and getting the Afghans to trust us is one more element in the whole hearts and minds thing , ” he said .
Insurgents are well aware of the effects of medevac missions on the Taliban ’s own strategy , Robichaux said : “ That ’s why they ’re trying so hard to target us . ”
On June 9 , an Air Force Black Hawk medevac attempting to rescue wounded Marines in Helmand province was shot down by a rocket - propelled grenade .
Four crew members died and three were wounded .
Despite their best efforts , the crews at Tarin Kowt have not been able to save all the injured civilians and soldiers they ’ve helped .
Some crewmen say they are still haunted by the memory of the girl who had fallen down a well .
She died en route to a hospital from head injuries .
“ It hits you in your bones , ” Robichaux said .
Halfhill , the medic , said his toughest mission was to try to save two Australian special forces soldiers wounded by a homemade bomb .
One died at the explosion site .
The second , who had one leg blown off and the other amputated at an aid station , died later .
“ We tried CPR all the way [ to the medical station ] and after we got there , but we could n’t save him , ” Halfhill said .
The Australians ’ bomb - sniffing dog was also killed .
Halfhill brought the animal ’s remains back to the Tarin Kowt base .
“ That was a tough day , ” he said .
Robichaux said the crews go all out on every mission , whether it ’s to treat a fellow American , an Afghan or even an insurgent .
“ You do n’t want to go to sleep at night with any regrets , ” he said .
During a two - day span last week , the platoon received half a dozen “ nine lines , ” the emergency radio calls that list nine crucial nuggets of information : location , severity of injury , type of patient and so on .
They treated an Afghan soldier who was either clubbed with an assault rifle or stabbed ( sometimes the crews never get the full story ) , a 14 - year - old boy paralyzed by a fall , a boy mauled by a dog , a Dutch soldier wounded in a roadside bombing .
And they treated Sageed , the elderly man with the heart problem .
Robichaux , a father of four , was especially moved by the anguish of the paralyzed boy ’s father .
“ He just had that lost , helpless dad look , ” he said .
“ Seeing that just broke my heart . ” ’
Even less critical cases can leave lasting impressions .
The gratitude expressed by Sageed , who thanked the crew profusely , was memorable in its own way , Robichaux said .
“ That right there , ” he said , “ is enough reward to keep me going . ”
david.zucchino@latimes.com
“ Welcome to this struggle , ” Andrew Napolitano said triumphantly as he wrapped up the first television episode last weekend of his libertarian talk show , “ Freedom Watch . ”
He saluted the camera and concluded , “ From New York , defending freedom , so long America . ”
He will be back next week , a commercial said , with a special guest , Glenn Beck .
Mr. Napolitano ’s struggle is for smaller government and individual liberty .
“ The American public needs to know and understand , the government serves you better when it serves you less .
That ’s the argument , ” he said on the show .
“ Freedom Watch ” is arguably Tea Party TV in its purest form to date .
It is the latest product of the News Corporation , led by Rupert Murdoch , and being shown on the weekends on the Fox Business Network , which is searching for higher ratings by adding provocative commentators .
Fox News already dominates the market for conservative TV talk with hosts like Mr. Beck and Sean Hannity , and has generated billions in revenue to show for it .
Now , the upstart Fox Business is making room for libertarian talk , too .
An aggressive pro-civil liberties , anti-government streak is evident on both “ Freedom Watch ” and “ Stossel , ” a weekly Fox Business show hosted by the former ABC News anchor John Stossel that was added last fall .
Mexico prisoners ' freed for killings ' in Durango state Published duration 25 July 2010
image caption
The attack in Torreon was one of the deadliest in Mexico 's drugs war
Gunmen who killed 17 people at a party in northern Mexico earlier this month were let out of prison to carry out the attack , state prosecutors say .
Guards at a prison in Durango state are accused of lending the inmates weapons and vehicles to commit the murders in neighbouring Coahuila state before returning them to their cells .
The same group of prisoners are thought to have carried out other killings .
The prison director and at least two other officers are under investigation .
Contract killings
The killings in the city of Torreon in Coahuila state were traced to Gomez Palacio prison in neighbouring Durango state through bullets found at the crime scene , which matched assault rifles assigned to the guards , attorney - general 's office spokesman Ricardo Najera said .
" They were allowed out of prison to kill using the weapons of the guards and travelling in official vehicles , " he said .
Mr Najera said the prisoners were acting as contract killers for a drugs gang , and were thought to have carried out two other mass killings in Torreon earlier this year using the same weapons .
" The criminals carried out the executions as part of a settling of accounts with members of a rival organised crime gang .
But they also killed innocent civilians in a cowardly manner before returning to their cells . "
Investigators are questioning all of the prison guards as well as about half the inmates in the prison .
Coahuila state , which borders Texas , has been the scene of a bloody battle between rival drugs gangs fighting for control of smuggling routes into the US .
The Zetas cartel is being challenged from its former ally , the Gulf Cartel , in an alliance with the Sinaloa cartel led by Joaquin Guzman , Mexico 's most wanted man .
Immigration and Criminal Defense Lawyers
Have you been arrested or charged with a crime , or are you currently being investigated as to your purported involvement in a criminal act ?
Are you trying to attain citizenship within the United States of America , and finding the process a little more confusing than you expected ?
Are you concerned about protecting your assets if you should become ill or die , because you have yet to create a clear and non-contestable last will and testament , one which would withstand legal challenge in a court of law ?
If any of these circumstances apply to you or to someone you know , you should give Colavecchio & Colavecchio Law Office a call today .
Immigration and Criminal Law ; Decades of Professional Legal Experience
If you have been accused of committing a crime , your freedom and future success are at risk .
A wide variety of legal issues may also affect your finances , or place your family ’s future happiness and well - being in jeopardy .
If you 're facing deportation , you need the best legal help available – and you need it immediately .
One of the worst things you can do , by way of hindering your own defense within the American legal system , is to delay putting your defense together .
At the Law Office of Colavecchio & Colavecchio , PLLC we will help you take those first crucial steps to begin assembling your case .
We are a Nashville , TN - based professional legal team with years of experience working within the court system of the greater Nashville area .
We 're well - connected , with a network of partners and other legal connections across the state of Tennessee .
We know who to talk to for the type of case you 're presenting , what paperwork to file ( and where to file it ) , and when all of the respective forms will be expected by .
We know how to handle your case , and we will give it all of the prompt and decisive action that is so critical to issues being resolved in your favor .
With everything handled smoothly , you stand a much greater chance of a successful , favorable resolution to your case .
Sometimes , it might not even make it to court .
If it is at all possible to have any charges dismissed , depending upon the type of case involved , timely and efficient filing of all relevant forms and other paperwork will make the judge that much more inclined to see things in your favor .
Whether or not a trial is in your future , playing by the book will always work in your favor .
You 'll Be Treated Like Part of Our Family
The Law Offices of Colavecchio & Colavecchio , PLLC is a family - owned law practice dedicated to providing you with sound legal advice and expert representation .
We handle cases involving multiple aspects of criminal law and immigration law .
Our experienced legal team offers decades of individual experience , with a cumulative total of over 40 years spent defending the rights of our clients in court .
At Colavecchio & Colavecchio , we can provide you and your family with the same outstanding service , experience , solutions , and RESULTS that we would want , if our own livelihoods and the future of our family were on the line .
This kind of motivated and personal approach has helped us to secure hundreds of favorable results for our past clients , and our success rate in court averages out at more than 97 % .
Social networking giant Facebook has begun testing face - detection technology on photo uploads , aiming to make it easier for Facebook users to tag their photos and identify subjects .
According to Facebook , Facebook spend most of their time in photos browsing , tagging , and uploading images : Facebook wants to use face - recognition technology to make that process less tedious by automatically identifying folks appearing in photos uploaded to the service .
Facebook is currently running a limited test of the technology , but if things work out , the company plans to roll it out as a general feature
“ Ninety - nine percent of people using Facebook have uploaded at least one photo .
More than 100 million photos are uploaded every day .
That ’s insane , ” wrote Facebook ’s Sam Odio , who came to the company a couple months ago when Facebook acquired DivvyShot .
Odio says the new feature enables users to “ add tags with just a couple of clicks directly from your home page and other sections of the site , using the same face detection technology that cameras have used for years . ”
The new feature automatically detects and selects faces appearing in photographs , so users do n’t have to pick them out of images themselves .
In theory , all users will have to do is type in the subject ’s name to tag a photo .
The technology represents a significant usability improvement on Facebook ’s current tagging system , which requires users upload photo , select each subject ’s face , and individually tag subjects .
The face detection technology handles the selection aspect , and recognizes repeated subjects so users do n’t have to continuously tag the same people over and over again .
Of course , the face recognition technology may also have implications for Facebook ’s already - battered stance on privacy , particularly if the system mis-identifies people or if attackers abuse the system to cause photo subjects to be tagged incorrectly .
Facebook has n’t said how face detection data is being stored — for instance , whether it ’s global or on an account - by - account basis — or how it ’s privacy policies apply to publicly sharing images of people who may not have consented to have their images — and now their names — published .
Editors ' Recommendations
ROOTFayth Profile Joined January 2004 Canada 3350 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-29 17:10:30 # 1
Mod edit
Fayth is legit , thread is legit , no need to ask for bans - he can afford this ;p
- Jinro
- Jinro / End mod edit
I 'll ship 2000 $ to the first player who gets the Solo Zen Master achievement on US or Europe server within 6 months , no koreans allowed obv
1000 terran wins
1000 protoss wins
1000 zerg wins
1000 random wins ( it appears the race you get is counted as a win for the race so you 're all better off starting with random )
( that 's $ 0.66 per win )
Good luck ! =)
Probably going to take a long while so bump this thread / message me when it 's done
Edit : added time frame so it would put pressure on those who wanna participate , also account sharing is prohibited obv
So by january 28th at 11:59 EST if nobody has made it , well I keep da monies 8 )
NEW RULE : Must provide replay pack , cheesing EVERY game is not allowed , so upon reviewing replays if someone was trying to free win every single game then he 's DQ'ed I 'll ship 2000 $ to the first player who gets the Solo Zen Master achievement on US or Europe server within 6 months , no koreans allowed obv1000 terran wins1000 protoss wins1000 zerg wins1000 random wins ( it appears the race you get is counted as a win for the race so you 're all better off starting with random ) ( that 's $ 0.66 per win ) Good luck !
=) Probably going to take a long while so bump this thread / message me when it 's doneEdit : added time frame so it would put pressure on those who wanna participate , also account sharing is prohibited obvSo by january 28th at 11:59 EST if nobody has made it , well I keep da monies 8 ) NEW RULE :
Must provide replay pack , cheesing EVERY game is not allowed , so upon reviewing replays if someone was trying to free win every single game then he 's DQ'ed
endGame Profile Joined June 2009 United States 394 Posts # 2
You can't be serious ?
Haha this could come bite you in the ass a year from now " ... As the world goes , is only in question between equals in power , while the strong do what they will and the weak suffer what they must . "
- Thucydides
[ GiTM ] - Ace Profile Joined September 2002 United States 4889 Posts # 3 gonna be gaming hard when i get the game just to win this lmao :D I may not be the best player right now but I think I can beat any ' best ' players .
I 'll beat all the best players and become the best player .
Watch me .
- Jju
jibber Profile Joined July 2010 30 Posts # 4 " 2000 $ "
doubt this thread is anywhere near legit ..
arb Profile Blog Joined April 2008 Noobville 14610 Posts # 5 assuming youre just an avg player and can only pull 50 - 50 or so thats still 8000 games ..
thats alot , and some might go forever Artillery spawned from the forges of Hell
zoltanqc Profile Blog Joined April 2010 Canada 171 Posts # 6 Yeah thats quite an achievement in the first place .
AND THEN , THE INTERNETS EXPLODED .
Hollow Profile Blog Joined July 2005 Canada 2144 Posts # 7
On July 29 2010 10:55 jibber wrote :
" 2000 $ "
doubt this thread is anywhere near legit ..
uh ....
ya .....................................................
dot dot dot uh ....ya..................................................... dot dot dot
Tazza Profile Blog Joined May 2009 Korea ( South ) 1678 Posts # 8
No way , I do n;t believe your gonna do this .
You are not going to pay 2000 dollars to someone in about a year .
And thats racism against Koreans lol
Dr.Dragoon Profile Joined November 2007 United States 1240 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-29 01:59:26 # 9 it 's fayth , he has money
just have faith ~o~ I have returned
HuK Profile Blog Joined March 2010 Canada 1591 Posts # 10 ^^ good achievement prize gogo gl all Progamer Live like a God or die like a Slave 11:11
ROOTFayth Profile Joined January 2004 Canada 3350 Posts # 11 well more like nobody from asia server then , if ur korean living in USA it 's fine I guess
ZomgTossRush Profile Blog Joined May 2010 United States 1041 Posts # 12
Either some validity or contact / website or something more official needs to set up , or the admins need to close this thread and ban you .
We do n't need a bunch of stupid posts .
Coaching for 1v1 and Team games at Gosucoaching.com
holy_war Profile Blog Joined July 2007 United States 3573 Posts # 13 I assume you have to do it legitimately right ?
I remember a blizzard employee making a 7500 - 0 account for lulz .
darkponcho Profile Blog Joined March 2010 United States 262 Posts # 14
User was warned for this post A +++ , would trade again .
life
iCCup . Nove Profile Joined March 2010 United States 260 Posts # 15
Hell , I 'd even pay you if I failed if you were serious about this ( Not 2 k , maybe 200 $ though ) .
Obviously there should be a time limit .
ROOTFayth Profile Joined January 2004 Canada 3350 Posts # 16 obviously you have to do it legitimately , I want someone who has put the time to win 4000 games
as for the validity of this , Nazgul can vouch
you can also check out fayth.liquidpoker.net you 'll see my blog there
Hollow Profile Blog Joined July 2005 Canada 2144 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-29 02:04:02 # 17
On July 29 2010 11:00 zomgtossrush wrote :
Either some validity or contact / website or something more official needs to set up , or the admins need to close this thread and ban you .
We do n't need a bunch of stupid posts .
we do n't need your stupid posts either ... if you have n't joined the site in 2010 you should already know fayth is gonna pay up ...
do n't derail the thread with stupid shit
also , whoever does this is a goddamn hero lol we do n't need your stupid posts either ... if you have n't joined the site in 2010 you should already know fayth is gonna pay up ... do n't derail the thread with stupid shitalso , whoever does this is a goddamn hero lol
ROOTFayth Profile Joined January 2004 Canada 3350 Posts # 18 On July 29 2010 11:02 iCCup .
Nove wrote :
Hell , I 'd even pay you if I failed if you were serious about this ( Not 2 k , maybe 200 $ though ) .
Obviously there should be a time limit .
oh yeah good idea I 'll fix this , I 'll think about a realistic time frame oh yeah good idea I 'll fix this , I 'll think about a realistic time frame
Vedreth Profile Joined July 2010 Australia 38 Posts # 19 Basically this is paying people to develop the perfect / quickest cheese ... glhg
SoL [ 9 ]
Profile Blog Joined December 2009 Portugal 1370 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-29 02:07:23 # 20
He have 1 year / 2 year to collect the money ^_^
So ya it´s legit ...
Edit : Sry im crazy 3/4 years I Can Fly ...
1 2 3 4 5 39 40 41 Next All
One of the exciting ideas being tossed around recently over at the Xprize Foundation is the creation of an Artificial Intelligence physician that you could access from your smartphone .
Have a strange rash on your arm and chest ?
Take a photo of the rash with your phone and allow the AI physician to compute whether your rash matches smallpox or poison ivy from it ’s image database .
Want advice on whether your chest pain is heartburn or a heart attack ?
Ask the AI !
The possibilities are enormous .
Especially for the billion plus people around the world who live more than a few hours walk or drive from the nearest doctor , the AI physician would represent a revolution in health care .
Singularity Hub has exclusive footage of an Xprize promotional video that shows the vision for an AI physician .
Check it out below :
The Xprize foundation hopes to propel the world as quickly as possible towards the creation of an AI physician by hosting a multimillion dollar competition for the first team that can create an AI that meets certain criteria .
Sadly , the Xprize has yet to get the competition up and running .
Yet with or without the help of the Xprize , technology is advancing in ways that are making it ever more possible to develop a useful AI physician .
Modern smartphones already have ample broadband speed , processing power , and access to the world ’s information at their disposal .
Combine this with recent advances in narrow AI , such as voice recognition and image comparison capability , and clearly the pieces are already in place .
Even though a formal AI physician has not yet seen widespread success , smartphones have nevertheless made several strides in this direction .
AirStrip Technologies is developing a suite of hardware / software solutions that allow physicians and nurses to monitor important vital signs from their smartphone .
Several hardware attachments , such as a microscope , have been created to transform your smartphone into a medical device .
Considering all of the individual applications and hardware attachments that are out there , one might even argue that the AI physician is already here .
But this I think misses the point .
Hardware is a different matter , but at least on the software side what we really need is a single application for our smartphones that brings all the pieces together in one place .
When sickness calls , we cannot be expected to search through all of the different resources that are out there to solve the problem .
Instead what we need is a single AI application that we can tell our problem to , and then allow this application to take care of the rest .
I hope the Xprize can get its AI physician competition up and running soon .
Entrepreneurs , if you are listening , please get on it already – the improved healthcare of billions is at stake .
[ image credit : http://iphonedoktor.dk/]
At long last , the doodling daydreamer is getting some respect .
In the past , daydreaming was often considered a failure of mental discipline , or worse .
Freud labeled it infantile and neurotic .
Psychology textbooks warned it could lead to psychosis .
Neuroscientists complained that the rogue bursts of activity on brain scans kept interfering with their studies of more important mental functions .
But now that researchers have been analyzing those stray thoughts , they ’ve found daydreaming to be remarkably common  and often quite useful .
A wandering mind can protect you from immediate perils and keep you on course toward long - term goals .
Sometimes daydreaming is counterproductive , but sometimes it fosters creativity and helps you solve problems .
Consider , for instance , these three words : eye , gown , basket .
Can you think of another word that relates to all three ?
If not , do n’t worry for now .
By the time we get back to discussing the scientific significance of this puzzle , the answer might occur to you through the “ incubation effect ” as your mind wanders from the text of this article  and , yes , your mind is probably going to wander , no matter how brilliant the rest of this column is .
Mind wandering , as psychologists define it , is a subcategory of daydreaming , which is the broad term for all stray thoughts and fantasies , including those moments you deliberately set aside to imagine yourself winning the lottery or accepting the Nobel .
But when you ’re trying to accomplish one thing and lapse into “ task - unrelated thoughts , ” that ’s mind wandering .
Update : 3rd August
I 've just been contacted by a highly placed source who has confirmed that the synopsis below is FAKE .
This looks like it will be the final ever spoiler here at DarkUFO .
Our contact WhatDoTasteBudsTasteLike has viewed the Lost Season 6 Epilogue and has kindly sent the details over .
So for the final time ......
Are You Sure ?
The first scene is a man who has his back to camera walking towards a doorway with Dharma symbols on it .
It 's Ben and as that picture hinted a week or so ago Ben is indeed shutting down the Dharma initiative for good .
This scene is only like a minute long and Ben just tells the dudes in the Dharma jumpsuits that their assignments are done and that travel has been arranged for them back to their respective homes .
The skinny dude asks Ben why this is happening and Ben does the cheesy turn around quick look into the camera and says " There 's a new man in charge " and he walks out of the station as the dudes gesture their disappointment .
First scene is kind of cheesy but it gets much better .
Next up we see this fabled new man in charge who is of course Hurley .
Hurley still looks the same but he talks differently and there 's no " dude " mentioned anywhere in the vignette .
Hurley is on the beach and is just starring off into the ocean .
There is some noise coming from the bushes behind Hurley and Hurley has a weird cautious look in his eye but it 's just the dog who lays down next to Hurley .
Hurley has a nice little scene here with the dog where he outlines his regrets and his view of the future for the island .
There is a lot of good stuff here and I will leave that part a mystery .
Hurley says there is supposed to be some sort of balance to the island and that balance is gone .
Hurley gets up and brushes the sand off of himself and tells the dog he has some good news for him , WALT IS COMING TO THE ISLAND !
Walt is doing some homework and listening to music in his room .
I guess this is some sort of prep school or some sort of academy because Walt has a room at the school and is wearing a nice little uniform .
After a moment someone knocks on the door and it's Ben .
Walt looks like he 's thirty years old but he still remembers
Ben 's face like he just saw him yesterday .
Walt says he remembers what " they " did to him .
Ben apologizes and he gets
Walt to calm down .
Ben explains Hurley 's role on the island and offers him passage to the island .
Walt says that if he wanted to go to the island he could go there any time he wanted to .
Ben is intrigued but his evil intrigue dies off and he stays on mission .
Walt then asks why he would ever go back and Ben manipulates him and tells him that his father is on the island .
Walt wonders why Ben is visiting him because if Ben could leave the island then so could Michael .
Ben says that Michael needs
Walt 's help and this works and WALT JUST FUCKING VANISHES as Ben smiles because he can still manipulate people like the old days .
Back on the island Hurley can still see dead people .
I will not spoil the details of this scene as it both directly and indirectly involves John Locke and I can't write up a spoiler about Mr. Locke .
I will give a little hint that Hurley offers an explanation of Locke 's connection to the island and it fucking rocks and will be very satisfying but also very sad in regards to how things actually played out and how they should have played out .
Are you ... um .... stuck here ?
What if this island is the one that is stuck with me ?
Awesome scene .
Very heady .
Final scene involves Walt and Hurley and offers a suggestion regarding the future of the island , things are left very much out in the open and the viewer must make up their own mind .
Very good stuff .
Fans will love it and it is very satisfying .
The Vincent and Walt reunion will bring tears to everyone 's eyes and it was done amazingly well .
Great score A +++++++
About the author
( NewsTarget )
Lyme disease victims have organized and clamored for prolonged antibiotic treatment from mainstream medicine , with its attendant insurance financial support .
For the most part , it has been rejected since the existence of chronic Lyme disease is denied by most of mainstream medicine and health insurance .
Instead of realizing that not tolerating years of antibiotics is a blessing , chronic Lyme sufferers continue to pursue this path with blinders on , ignoring the plethora of safe and effective alternative methods that do exist " outside the box " for Lyme disease .
One of the baffling characteristics of Lyme disease is the variety of different diseases , mostly neurological , that it mimics .
This array of symptoms is listed in Part I of this series , which appears to make it ideal for homeopathy .
Inexpensive homeopathic remedies are selected and potencies determined according to the individual 's physiology and If it appears that the Lyme victim has MS , the homeopathic doctor does n't prescribe an MS or Lyme disease pill .
Instead , all the symptoms are noted along with other factors , and the patient is prescribed accordingly .
Then after a period of time , several days or a couple of weeks , the patient makes another visit and the then current symptoms are noted and another prescription can be made .
In other words , as the symptoms change , so do the homeopathic remedies , until the patient is cured .
This form of oxygen therapy is perhaps the least attacked by regulatory agencies .
This is partly because the practitioners have n't claimed they cure cancer , and maybe more so because the military at its highest levels has testified in Congress that they see HBOT as a remedy for suicidal or neurologically impaired vets .
An HBOT chamber resembles those diver decompression chambers used to remedy the bends , suffered by deep sea divers who do n't decompress coming to the surface .
But instead of simulating the diver 's original depth and decreasing the pressure in the chamber , the patient is slipped into the chamber ; then , the pressure is increased and held .
This is usually done with 100 percent oxygen , but not always .
Dr. Kenneth Stoller , President of the International Hyperbaric Medical Association ( IHMA ) , explains that once Lyme becomes chronic , the spirochete bacteria become sequestered internally in cells that protect it against antibiotics .
But this spirochete cannot survive an oxygen rich environment under pressure .
HBOT has had positive results with Lyme .
It would appear that Ozone Therapy or any oxygenating therapy could produce similar results .
But Ozone
Therapy has been under constant attack from the FDA , mostly for its excellent track record with cancer .
That 's why you may have to travel out of the USA to undergo Ozone Therapy .
Many Lyme disease victims have recovered by using Rife type frequency machines .
Rife technology also has a good track record on cancer from decades ago , and that 's why it was suppressed also .
But it is still possible to purchase one 's own Rife type machine at a reasonable price .
Instructional materials need to be purchased from other sources .
In a recent interview by Health Ranger Mike Adams , Charlotte Gerson disclosed that a Lyme disease patient was cured using the late Dr. Max Gerson 's cancer protocol in their Mexico clinic .
Used in conjunction with other remedies and dietary changes , nano - particle colloidal silver has demonstrated benefits as well .
All these alternative remedies , and others not mentioned , are effective with many other chronic ailments as well .
Lyme victims could end their endless agony and frustrations with mainstream medical medicine by looking into other safer , efficacious solutions , - Science Library : Lyme Disease Information SourcesHyperbaric Center of New Mexico - Dr. Kenneth Stoller Medical Director http://www.hbotnm.com/index_main.html
Recovery from Lyme Disease Using Rife TechnologyLyme Disease and Rife TechnologyDr. Howenstine 's article on LymeCat's Claw Lyme StudyCat's Claw LymeCould This ' Forbidden Medicine ' ( Homeopathy ) Eliminate the Need for Drugs ?
By Amy Lanskey Ph.D http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/a...
Zhang Clinic recommended by Dr. WeilList of Lyme Disease Alternative Cures by Jule Klotter in Townsend LettersPersonal Recovery Without Long Term AntibioticsPaul
Fassa is dedicated to warning others about the current corruption of food and medicine and guiding others toward a direction for better health with no restrictions on health freedom .
You can visit his blog at http://healthmaven.blogspot.com
Image caption The Yewden Villa at Hambleden was excavated in 1912
Archaeologists investigating a mass burial of 97 infants at a Roman villa in the Thames Valley believe it may have been a brothel .
Tests on the site at Hambleden in Buckinghamshire suggest all died at 40 weeks gestation , very soon after birth .
Archaeologists suspect local inhabitants may have been systematically killing unwanted babies .
Archaeologist Dr Jill Eyers said : " The only explanation you keep coming back to is that it 's got to be a brothel . "
With little or no effective contraception , unwanted pregnancies could have been common at Roman brothels , explained Dr Eyers , who works for Chiltern Archaeology .
And infanticide may not have been as shocking in Roman times as it is today .
Archaeological records suggest infants were not considered to be " full " human beings until about the age of two , said Dr Eyers .
Children any younger than that age were not buried in cemeteries .
As a result , infant burials tended to be at domestic sites in the Roman era .
Even so , say experts , the number at the Yewden villa at Hambleden is extraordinary .
" There is no other site that would yield anything like the 97 infant burials , " said Dr Simon Mays , a skeletal biologist at English Heritage 's Centre for Archaeology , who has been investigating the finds .
The ages of the babies were estimated by measuring the length of the bones .
The researchers found these were all of similar size .
Dr Mays believes that this points to systematic infanticide at birth rather than death from natural causes , which would have struck infants at different ages .
The dig was on a massive scale but is now buried under a wheat field .
But meticulous records were left by a naturalist and archaeologist called Alfred Heneage Cocks .
More than 300 boxes full of artefacts , pottery and bones were recently re-discovered at Buckinghamshire County Museum along with Cocks ' original report published in 1921 , and a small photo archive .
CAN YOU HELP ?
Do you know of a picture of naturalist and archaeologist Alfred Heneage Cocks ?
If so , Gemma Hagen at 360 production , makers of BBC Two 's Digging for Britain would like to hear Gemma .
Hagen@360production.com
Watch more footage here
The records give precise locations for the infant bodies , which were hidden under walls or buried under courtyards close to each other .
Cocks ' original report paid little attention to these remains , which are now being tested for the first time by English Heritage .
The team plans to carry out DNA tests on the skeletons in a bid to establish their sex and possible relationship to each other .
They are also trying to uncover any other information which might suggest a motive for the practice .
The Hambleden investigation features in a new BBC TV archaeology series , Digging for Britain presented by Dr Alice Roberts , to be broadcast on BBC Two in July and August .
Today an advice - seeker tells Dear Prudence that watching porn made her boyfriend ask her to get breast implants .
But is porn really the issue here ?
Advertisement
Here 's what " My B's Are Getting an F " has to say :
I am in my 30s , own my house , and have a good job .
I also have an adorable 4 - year - old daughter and am in a loving and supportive live - in relationship of three years .
( He 's not my daughter 's father . )
My boyfriend recently told me that he would like it if I got breast implants .
I am a B cup , and although he says he loves my body , he adds , " But I 'd really like it if your breasts were larger . "
This came up when I discovered that my boyfriend was regularly watching porn .
His explanation is that he prefers a different body type from mine .
This was news to me , since we have sex one or two times a day , and it 's excellent .
I have never felt insecure about my body - just the opposite , as I have worked as a model .
I love him and want him to be happy , and I 'm beginning to wonder whether I should go ahead with enhancement just to please him .
But I am trying to raise my daughter to be proud of her body , and it will be difficult upholding that if she finds out Mommy changed her body to please a man .
Advertisement
Prudence is oddly charitable toward B's boyfriend , writing back ,
Actually , I think your boyfriend really does like your body the way it is .
It 's hard to fake sexual excitement 500 times a year .
It sounds like what might have happened is that you discovered his porn-viewing habit , and since you 're having sex with him as frequently as other people consume vitamin pills , you got offended and outraged .
Backed into a corner , he felt forced to admit he likes to look at women with really large breasts , and things spiraled out of control from there .
Given that B and her dude have an active sex life , there 's no real reason porn should be a problem in their relationship .
But if B was worried about it , " I 'd really like it if your breasts were larger " is the exact wrong response .
The boyfriend took a potentially tense situation , in which he and his girlfriend could have talked openly about their sexual needs and desires and how porn could fit into those , and instead made it about what was wrong with his girlfriend 's body .
This is many women 's nightmare about dudes ' porn consumption — " he really wants women who look like them , not me " — and Boyfriend blew his chance to allay B's fears and enjoy his entertainment in relative peace .
When I talked to porn star Nina Hartley , she addressed problems like the one Boyfriend and B are having :
If a woman feels pressure in her private life to conform to what 's going on onscreen , in terms of grooming and behavior , then that 's a stressor in the relationship .
Porn is not doing anything here .
Porn is bringing up the fact that there 's tension and lack of communication between the partners or mutual resentment , mutual frustration , mutual whatever .
And if one partner is so rude and inconsiderate to say , " hey why do n't you do what that chick on camera is doing , " you got a problem .
Advertisement
Hartley has a point : the kind of dude who 's going to tell his girlfriend to get implants probably does n't need porn to help him be a dick .
That 's because he does n't understand a fundamental truth about relationships : if you want someone with big boobs , date someone with big boobs .
If you want someone fat , date someone fat ; if you like them thin , date someone thin .
Do n't date someone who does n't do it for you and then try to change her so she does .
And if you 're basically turned on by your partner but , in an ideal world , might change something about her body , just keep it to yourself .
If you fail to do so , a letter to an advice column will probably be the least of your worries .
Image via altafulla / Shutterstock.com .
Her Boobs Are A Bust [ Slate ]
Earlier : Legendary Porn Star Defends Bareback Sex And Shaved Vulvas
by Sunny Hundal
Here is Steve O’Connell :
The point I ’m making here is in the new era of very difficult financial choices are we able to continue with the luxury of demonstrations going forward in a very liberal manner with a small ‘ l ’ and commit the costs that we have in the past ?
I do n’t believe we can afford to go forward in that way .
O’Connell is a Tory Assembly Member and former banker who gets paid : £ 43,861 as a Croydon councillor , £ 53,439 for sitting on the London Assembly and £ 21,211 as chairman of the Metropolitan Police Authority ’s finance and resource committee .
That ’s over £ 118 k annually out of the public purse , making him Britain ’s highest - paid councillor .
Britain ’s second highest paid councillor is also a Conservative .
Brian Coleman is on £ 118,499 a year : £ 38,177 as a Barnet councillor and cabinet member ( up from about £ 27,000 last year ) , £ 53,439 for sitting in the Assembly and £ 26,883 as chairman of London ’s fire service .
Steve O’Connell told the Metropolitan Police Authority ( via Adam Bienkov at Tory Troll ) :
Should we not actually be considering whether we can continue offering the [ policing ] service to these demonstrations ?
Should we not have a situation where we get to the stage where if the funding is n’t there to provide the service , we should be having a conversation with the organisers where we say “ you can not have your event because we do not have the resources to fund it ” ?
In the past controversial plays have had to be shut down because the police did not want to bear the costs of policing the protests .
With Boris increasingly displaying authoritarianism – banning Democracy village and threatening motorcycle protesters – it looks increasingly like the Tories are n’t as enthusiastic about civil liberties as they ’ve claimed .
Ha ha ha Why you hittin yourself ?
Why you hittin ' yourself ?
Why you pokin yourself ?
Why you tickling yourself ?
Why you huggin yourself ?
Why you holding yourself sweetly , telling yourself everything will be okay ?
Ha ha ha I miss me .
It was an abusive relationship .
Low IQ scores in early adulthood are associated with an increased risk of attempted suicide in men , according to new research funded by the Wellcome Trust .
In the largest study of its kind , a team of researchers studied the medical records of over one million men in Sweden dating back over a period of twenty four years and compared rates of hospital admission for attempted suicide against IQ scores .
The research is published today in the British Medical Journal .
Out of a cohort of 1.1 million men with IQ measured in early adulthood , almost 18,000 had been admitted to hospital at least once for attempted suicide .
Even after adjusting for factors such as age and socioeconomic status , the researchers found that men with lower IQ scores were increasingly likely to have attempted suicide at least once .
By far the most common method used was poisoning , for example taking an overdose of medication .
Dr David Batty , a Wellcome Trust Fellow at the Medical Research Council Social and Public Heath Sciences Unit , who led the study , says : " We have found a clear link between IQ and attempted suicide in this group of men .
In common with some previous , smaller studies , we have shown that men with lower scores have a markedly greater risk of attempted suicide than men of higher IQ . "
The researchers suggest a number of possible explanations that might underlie the association .
Firstly , low IQ tends to correlate with lower socioeconomic status and income , and so individuals with lower IQ may experience more social and financial disadvantage , leading to an increase in suicidal thoughts and behaviours .
Lower IQ has also been associated with poor health behaviours such as binge drinking , which also increases suicide risk .
However , the researchers believe that these factors are unlikely to fully explain the observed associations .
IQ may also influence an individual 's ability to deal with stressful circumstances or traumatic events ; studies in children and adolescents suggest that those of higher intelligence are more resilient to stress .
Previous research has suggested that individuals with lower IQ scores may have poorer problem - solving abilities and , in times of crisis , be less able to identify practical solutions to their problems .
Alternatively , individuals with higher verbal IQ scores may have a greater ability to talk about and share emotion or distress and this , in turn , might reduce the risk of self - harm .
Another possible explanation , though one which the researchers were unable to investigate further , was the role of violence early in life .
Exposure to violence early in life , either directly as a victim or indirectly as a witness has been previously shown to influence both IQ or academic performance and future risk of suicide or suicidal thoughts .
" Suicide , either attempted or actual , is a serious problem , particularly amongst young adults , but we have a relatively poor understanding of what leads a person to take such drastic action , " says Dr Elise Whitley .
" If we can better understand the association between IQ and suicide , this will provide valuable insight into why some people make such a tragic decision .
Such knowledge would help inform public health strategies and provide help and support for vulnerable groups . "
The researchers caution that , because the analyses looked at hospital admissions in Swedish men aged 16 to 57 , the results are not necessarily generalisable to other countries , to women or to older men .
Explore further Lower IQ found in children of women who took epilepsy drug
THE Australian censor has banned a film from screening at the Melbourne International Film Festival for the first time in seven years - a work described as ' ' gay zombie porn ' ' .
Festival director Richard Moore received a letter yesterday from the Film Classification Board director Donald McDonald , stating that L.A. Zombie , the latest offering from Canadian provocateur Bruce LaBruce , could not be screened as it would in his opinion be refused classification .
The festival is not generally required to submit films for classification , but after reading a synopsis of the plot of L.A. Zombie , which features wound penetration and implied sex with corpses , the Classification Board requested a DVD to watch , and then refused to issue an exemption .
It is the first film to be banned from the Melbourne International Film Festival since Larry Clark 's Ken Park in 2003 .
-----------------
MIFF : Full coverage
-----------------
McDonald 's letter says the decision to ban the film is based '' on information submitted by MIFF , inspection of the film and the classification history of the director ' ' .
He said : “ Our next evolutionary step may well mean that we all become part machine as we look to enhance ourselves , either because it becomes as much of a social norm as say mobile phones , or because we ’ll be disadvantaged if we do not . ”
When trying to track down an issue in rspec or cucumber I often use puts to quickly read the value of a variable .
Sometimes , though , I forget to take the statement out and have a hard time locating the file and line number .
To quickly find out exactly where the puts statement is ( or any other call you are having a hard time tracking down ) , just open up your environment.rb file and add this :
def puts ( value ) raise ' you found a puts ' end
Now run your tests again and the overridden method will throw an error giving you a stack trace with the file and line number .
Just do n’t forget to remove the code before you push to production . ;)
This tip was submitted by Chris Young .
File version : 15 For DF version : 0.34.11 Downloads : 142,066 ( 318,024 ) Size : 21.23 MB
Views : 275,126 ( 539,109 ) Type : ZIP Home : Forum Thread Rating ( 8 votes ) : Description Lazy Newb Pack <- YOU ARE HERE
Lazy Newb Pack Advanced
Lazy Newb Pack
VERSION 15 with DF v0.34.11 FORUM THREAD :
http://www.bay12forums.com/smf/index.php?topic=59026
RUN " Lazy Newb Pack.exe " to change
Settings , Graphics , Aquifers , Exotics , Keybindings , Run utilities , and MORE !
FULL CONTENTS - Dwarf Fortress v0.34.11 Windows SDL w/ Sound
GRAPHICS :
- Phoebus Graphics 34.11v00
- Ironhand 's Graphics 0.73
( All sets are interchangeable ! )
UTILITIES :
- Dwarf Therapist 0.6.12 +0.34.11 layout
-DFInit Utility 1.53
- SoundSense r35
( NOTE : To get sounds go to " Soundpack update "
and press " Start automatic update " )
OTHER :
- Lazy Newb Pack GUI v1.5 !
- Custom Embark Profiles ( LNP , Mayday , DFVIDTUTS2012 , DFVIDTUTS2011 )
- Custom World gen ( Lazy Newb World )
- Laptop Keybinds
- Large Adress Aware patcher ( In Dwarf Fortress Directory )
- Lets DF use more ram .
Solves some crashing .
Only use if you have more then 2 GB of ram )
- Run " Large Adress Aware.exe " , browse for and select Dwarf Fortress.exe , check the checkmark , and click save .
ALTERNATE KEYBINDINGS
" LazyNewb " Keybindings :
UP Z Level : " , " or " < "
DOWN Z Level : " . " or " > "
Menu Select UP : " -"
Menu Select DOWN : " = "
Menu Select PAGE UP : " _ " ( shift + " - " )
Menu Select PAGE DOWN : " + " ( shift + " = " )
One - Step : " / "
Zoom In : " ] " ( and mouse - wheel )
Zoom Out : " [ " ( and mouse - wheel ) FORUM THREAD : RUN " Lazy Newb Pack.exe " to changeSettings , Graphics , Aquifers , Exotics , Keybindings , Run utilities , and MORE !
FULL CONTENTS - Dwarf Fortress v0.34.11 Windows SDL w/ SoundGRAPHICS :- Phoebus Graphics 34.11v00 - Ironhand 's Graphics 0.73
( All sets are interchangeable ! )
UTILITIES :- Dwarf Therapist 0.6.12 +0.34.11 layout - DFInit Utility 1.53 - SoundSense r35 ( NOTE :
To get sounds go to " Soundpack update " and press " Start automatic update " ) OTHER :- Lazy Newb Pack GUI v1.5 !- Custom Embark Profiles ( LNP , Mayday , DFVIDTUTS2012 , DFVIDTUTS2011 ) - Custom World gen ( Lazy Newb World ) - Laptop Keybinds - Large Adress Aware patcher ( In Dwarf Fortress Directory ) - Lets DF use more ram .
Solves some crashing .
Only use if you have more then 2 GB of ram ) - Run " Large Adress Aware.exe " , browse for and select Dwarf Fortress.exe , check the checkmark , and click save .
ALTERNATE KEYBINDINGS" LazyNewb " Keybindings : UP Z Level : " , " or " " Menu Select UP : " -" Menu Select DOWN : " =" Menu Select PAGE UP : " _ " ( shift + " - " ) Menu Select PAGE DOWN : " + " ( shift + " = " )
One-Step : " /" Zoom In : " ] " ( and mouse - wheel ) Zoom Out : " [ " ( and mouse - wheel )
Published online 30 June 2010 | Nature 466 , 24 - 26 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/466024a
News Feature
Many climate researchers worry that scepticism about global warming is on the rise .
Jeff Tollefson investigates the basis for that concern and what scientists are doing about it .
Last November , a catchy music video popped up on YouTube and attracted thousands of fans .
Called ' Hide the Decline ' , the video featured a caricature of climate researcher Michael Mann admitting that he had committed fraud while creating his famous ' hockey - stick ' graph of temperatures over the past millennium .
Accompanied by a kitten playing the guitar , the cartoon image of Mann joyfully sings , " Making up data the old hard way , fudging the numbers day by day . "
The video was n't funny to the real Mann , director of the Earth System Science Center at Pennsylvania State University in University Park .
A lawyer wrote to the group responsible for it , threatening to sue them for defamation and for using a copyrighted image .
The video was promptly taken down and a new version — without the copyrighted photo — appeared on YouTube .
Mann has grown weary of dealing with the various groups that are criticizing him .
" In reality , these groups are guilty over and over again of defamation , slander and libel , but that is far more difficult to fight legally , " Mann says .
" Even if you were to prevail , you would have invested potentially several years of your career , and frankly those of us who love doing science are not willing to do that . "
Mann is n't alone in wondering how to respond to the wave of attacks that followed November 's leak of e-mails from climate researchers at the University of East Anglia in Norwich , UK .
Beyond the satire and vitriol appearing on blogs , researchers have endured threatening phone messages and other forms of harassment .
And they 're frustrated that governments have yet to mobilize in the face of solid evidence for global warming .
All of this has spread fear among climate scientists that they are losing the war over public opinion , just a few years after a swell of support followed the most recent report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) in Geneva , Switzerland , which garnered a Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 .
However , polling data suggest that the situation is not as dire as many researchers suspect .
Studies in the United States and the United Kingdom show that belief in global warming has dropped in recent years , but a majority of people still trust climate scientists .
There are also signs that public support for actions on global warming have grown in recent months .
“ Despite a recent decline , support for climate scientists remains strong . ”
Still , scientists and scientific societies have decided that they need to fight back against the proliferating misinformation .
They are using novel approaches to get their message across , such as trying to humanize climate scientists .
" We 're trying to see if we can inoculate against some of the distrust in climate scientists , " says Brenda Ekwurzel , head of the climate - science education group at the Union of Concerned Scientists in Cambridge , Massachusetts , which is seeking to make individual scientists more accessible by introducing them to the media and the public .
But will these efforts work ?
And are they even necessary ?
Better communication never hurts , but some social scientists say that it wo n't be nearly enough to resolve the problems facing climate experts .
Critical climate
The e-mail scandal in November started a string of revelations that have kept climate researchers on the defensive .
Just a few weeks later , the IPCC came under fire for a flaw in its forecasts about the future of Himalayan glaciers , and another error was discovered in its statements about how much of the Netherlands is below sea level .
The problems have prompted several reviews of the IPCC , including one commissioned by the Dutch parliament , which is due imminently .
Meanwhile , panels have investigated the Climate Research Unit at East Anglia and individual researchers to see whether they have improperly withheld data from the public .
The recent bad publicity has exacerbated a several - year decline in public confidence about climate science .
A poll in January by Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut , and George Mason University in Fairfax , Virginia , found that the number of Americans who believe in global warming dropped from 71 % to 57 % between 2008 and 2010 .
The proportion who trust scientists for information about global warming dipped from 83 % to 74 % .
“ Public doubts can't be erased by simply transferring knowledge . ”
In both cases , the decline is concentrated more among Republican supporters than among liberals and independents , says Anthony Leiserowitz , who headed the poll as director of the Yale Project on Climate Change .
He suggests that the trend reflects a change in US politics : when Congress began talking seriously about steps to reduce greenhouse - gas emissions , conservatives did n't like it .
Debates on those issues often focused on how pollution controls would harm or benefit different sectors of the economy .
" As soon as the discussion hits the level of people drafting legislation and making political choices about who is going to win and who is going to lose , the discussion is inevitably politicized , " says Leiserowitz .
The same trends contributed to the way people responded to the recent scandals , he adds .
" Certain groups in society were much more predisposed to think the worst of climate science than others . "
Jon Krosnick , a social psychologist who studies public perceptions of climate change at Stanford University in California , has also seen a slight erosion in public belief in global warming over recent years , although he stresses that overall support remains high .
He thinks that the cool weather of 2008 helps to explain why the population changed its opinion .
" The way they decide whether climate change is happening is by sticking their finger out the window , " he says .
" If we get another hot year , those numbers will go up again . "
In the United Kingdom , too , polls indicate that public confidence in climate research has declined over the long term .
A survey this year by researchers at Cardiff University found that 78 % of UK residents believed that the climate was changing , compared with 91 % in 2005 .
And the trend continued early this year .
A BBC study found that the proportion of people who believe that global warming is largely caused by human activity dropped from 41 % in November to 26 % in February .
Source : BBC
But researchers warn against ascribing the decline to the recent events .
In the BBC poll , nearly three - quarters of people who had heard about the controversies said that their views on climate change had not altered as a result .
Moreover , those who reported shifting their positions were likely to be more convinced of global warming , not less .
Some scientists suggest that the recent results reflect the abnormally cold winter more than anything else ( see ' UK responses to climate change ' ) .
Even with the recent erosion of belief in global warming , researchers point out that confidence in climate science and in the scientists remains strong .
In the Cardiff poll , more than three - quarters of respondents attributed global warming at least in part to human activity .
Just 18 % said that it is mostly due to natural causes .
Barring further scandals , many researchers expect the current controversies to register as just a short - term blip in public opinion .
There is evidence to back up that idea .
In a second poll , conducted in May , the Yale–George Mason team found that support for climate legislation had grown across the board .
Approval of carbon dioxide regulation increased from 71 % to 77 % , and support for an international treaty committing the United States to reducing emissions by 90 % by the year 2050 increased from 61 % to 65 % ( see ' US support for carbon dioxide regulation ' ) .
Source : Yale / George Mason
For the most prominent scientists , widespread support for climate research is easy to overlook in the face of mounting attacks .
After the release of the East Anglia e-mails , researchers say that they saw an increase in threatening e-mails and phone calls .
In February , US Senator James Inhofe ( Republican , Oklahoma ) released a report accusing at least 17 climate scientists of potentially criminal behaviour .
Two weeks later , when an internal e-mail conversation at the US National Academy of Sciences in Washington DC was leaked to a conservative media outlet , it sparked another round of harassing messages against those involved .
Paul Ehrlich , a biologist at Stanford University , received a voicemail labelling him a communist bent on " destroying America " .
In April , Kenneth Cuccinelli , attorney - general of Virginia , launched an investigation into correspondence from Mann 's time at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville , seeking to determine whether he had violated any laws or conditions of his grants .
These events have prompted scientists to rethink the way in which they address critics and engage the public .
That has sometimes translated into an aggressive personal response .
In April , for example , Andrew Weaver , a climate modeller at the University of Victoria in British Columbia , Canada , filed a libel lawsuit against the National Post newspaper , alleging that it had misrepresented his work and the facts about global warming .
Some scientists have begun to push for more coordinated action .
Scientific societies elected not to comment on Inhofe 's report , but on 18 May the American Association for the Advancement of Science 's board of directors , based in Washington DC , called on Cuccinelli to withdraw his subpoena , saying that such investigations " could have a long - lasting and chilling effect on a broad spectrum of research fields " .
The University of Virginia has elected to challenge Cucinelli in court .
Out in the open
Scientists are also trying to take a proactive approach , designed to counter charges that they are a cabal that wo n't share data and that blocks dissenting views .
Ralph Cicerone , president of the US National Academy of Sciences , says that the climate - science community must find ways to open up .
He plans to talk to editors of science journals about setting standards for how much and what kind of raw data should be made available when climate studies are published .
In addition to making the field more transparent , he says , standards will help scientists to separate legitimate requests for data from harassment .
" In fields where we do n't have standards on how much data is enough , we have to create them , and climate science is such a field , " says Cicerone .
Other groups are experimenting with new methods for introducing climate science to the public .
The Union of Concerned Scientists has begun profiling individual researchers on its website in an effort to put a face on the IPCC , which has been an easy target for critics in part because of its status as an impersonal international entity .
One of the profiles focuses on Julia Cole , a geologist at the University of Arizona , Tucson , who contributed to the last IPCC assessment and studies palaeoclimate data extracted from stalagmites in an Arizonan cave .
At Climate Central , a non-profit organization based in Princeton , New Jersey , scientists work with journalists and writers to develop climate stories in partnership with media outlets .
The idea came together in 2008 , backed by high - profile scientists such as Jane Lubchenco , who oversees much of the nation 's climate science as head the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Climate Central has published work in major magazines and newspapers as well as on broadcast television ; one story in Time magazine ( see http://go.nature.com/BgyVSP) covered a Nature paper documenting increasing ocean temperatures ( J. M. Lyman et al. Nature 465 , 334-337 ; 2009 ) .
Researchers at George Mason University have teamed up with Climate Central on a project to see whether meteorologists on television can change the way people think about climate issues by making global warming into a local phenomenon .
Beginning this summer on the television network WLTX in Columbia , South Carolina , weather forecaster Jim Gandy will integrate global warming into his coverage .
Topics might include projections for increasing weather extremes over the next century , and how local gardeners are adapting to climate change .
The George Mason team will use surveys at the start and end of the project to see whether it has any effect on public opinion .
It is no coincidence that the team is starting with weather forecasters : a recent poll found that , after scientists , they are the most trusted source of information on global warming , despite their lack of formal training in climate science .
" The nation 's weather forecasters are basically standing by , ready to teach their local populations , " says Edward Maibach , director of George Mason University 's Center for Climate Change Communication .
" We feel that we know them and trust them , and that means that they actually have greater potential to engage the public and teach them about climate change than do climate scientists , as a profession . "
Similar discussions have unfolded in the United Kingdom .
In March , the Science Media Centre in London brought together a number of climate researchers in an effort to expand the roster of scientists talking to the media , which has tended to consult only a few high - profile researchers .
Sheila Jasanoff , a science - policy expert at Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts , says that more communication is good , particularly if scientists can help people to understand the local effects of a global phenomenon .
But she warns against the assumption that public doubts and the lack of political action on climate change reflect a problem that can be solved simply by transferring knowledge .
Even though a large fraction of the US public has believed for several years that humans are causing the globe to warm up , " it was never clear that people were lined up to take painful action on the basis of what was said by the IPCC " , says Jasanoff .
ADVERTISEMENT
As a model for how to move forward , Jasanoff points to the US government 's health and environmental regulatory process , which seeks public input through comments on proposed actions and includes non-scientists on advisory boards .
She says that researchers should look for ways to build trust by taking on board the concerns of the public .
Leiserowitz agrees that scientists should engage with the public , but he also urges researchers to be realistic about their influence .
" Even if climate - change scientists suddenly had the abilities of Carl Sagan to bring complex ideas to the public , there 's only so much they can do , " says Leiserowitz .
" It 's hubristic to think that if we could just communicate better , suddenly we would change the world . "
See Editorial , page 7 , and Opinion , page 30 .
Improving human mental health is having some serious unintended consequences for our friends in the ocean .
Exposure to antidepressants makes shrimp five times more likely to place themselves in life - threatening situations , and the broader effects could damage the entire ecosystem .
Advertisement
Exposure to the antidepressant fluoxetine causes shrimp to radically alter their behavior .
While normal shrimp are more likely to avoid swimming towards light because it's often associated with prey like birds or fishermen , those exposed to fluoxetine become five times more likely to swim towards light than away from it .
That change in behavior places them in harm 's way , and if enough shrimp are exposed to the antidepressant the entire population could be at risk .
Alex Ford , a marine biologist at the UK's University of Portsmouth , explains how that can reverberate throughout the oceanic ecosystem and why this is a serious concern :
Crustaceans are crucial to the food chain and if shrimps ' natural behaviour is being changed because of antidepressant levels in the sea this could seriously upset the natural balance of the ecosystem .
Much of what humans consume you can detect in the water in some concentration .
We 're a nation of coffee drinkers and there is a huge amount of caffeine found in waste water , for example .
It 's no surprise that what we get from the pharmacy will also be contaminating the country 's waterways .
Advertisement
Ford exposed some shrimp to the same amount of fluoxetine that humans excrete into the waste water that gets carried out to sea .
He found that even this seemingly small amount was enough to trigger this major behavioral change in the shrimp .
He had been motivated to investigate this question by a parasite that is known to cause such changes by altering serotonin levels in shrimp .
He wanted to find out whether the same deleterious result could be obtained using human antidepressants ; the answer , sadly , is yes .
He explains how small individual amounts of antidepressants adds up to a big problem :
Effluent [ outflowing waste water ] is concentrated in river estuaries and coastal areas , which is where shrimps and other marine life live — this means that the shrimps are taking on the excreted drugs of whole towns .
Prescriptions for antidepressants have skyrocketed in recent years , but this is one of the very first attempts to figure out what ecological impact all that pharmaceutical sewage could have .
The most worrying part of it all is that this might just be the tip of an ecosystem - altering iceberg - there are lots of other drugs other than fluoxetine that affect serotonin levels , and Ford has n't even tested any of those yet to see what they do to shrimp and other marine organisms .
[ Aquatic Toxicology ]
Overclocking AMD ’s Six - Pack
The new Thuban - based six - core Phenom II X6 processor is available in two different flavors : 2.8 GHz and 3.2 GHz .
Both come with the new Turbo CORE feature that dynamically increases the clock rate of up to three cores .
However , the Phenom II X6 does n’t necessarily run at maximum efficiency when it 's operated at stock speeds .
In fact , a reasonable overclock provides a solid increase in performance per watt .
Today we determine the ideal clock speed and look at the maximum overclocking speeds using air cooling , because this is where you want justification for spending those extra dollars compared to quad - core processors .
AMD is Back
The new Phenom II X6 processor could be a turning point for AMD , helping the company back into the performance segment , despite the fact that it still trails Intel 's Core i7 CPUs by a measurable margin .
Intel still has a major advantage in overall performance thanks to higher performance per clock , and it also maintains the lead when it comes to power use due to its efficient Nehalem architecture .
Some of the company 's newest CPUs employ 32 nm manufacturing , which serves to extend Intel 's lead in efficiency .
If you 're looking for a definitive statement to describe the state of desktop processing , Intel is technically superior .
Period .
However , Intel ’s benefits do n’t come cheaply .
The flagship Core i7 CPUs cost roughly four times more than AMD ’s six - core Phenom II .
And you certainly do n't get four times more performance , either .
It 's more like a quarter or a third more .
Hence , these products are only attractive to professional users and the lucky ones with loose budgets .
The six - core Phenom II X6 is much more affordable , though it ca n’t pull away from solid quad - core offerings when it comes to gaming and single - threaded threaded applications .
Mainstream price points are probably more relevant for most of us .
You could either say that Intel is gouging because it can or that AMD is more aggressive on pricing because it has to be , but our overall experience tells us that you get more value in the AMD portfolio .
AMD just refreshed this unwritten law by positioning the six - core CPU at around $ 300 .
You can argue that this equals a 50 % cost increase compared to the Phenom II X4 , or decide between a mainstream Intel quad - core and AMD hexa - core CPU instead .
Optimizing Thuban
The six - core AMD portfolio is still very young and so far includes two models : the Phenom II X6 1090T at 3.2 GHz ( up to 3.6 GHz Turbo CORE speed ) and the Phenom II X6 1055T at 2.8 GHz ( 3.3 GHz max ) .
The latter only costs $ 199 , which makes the six - core story much more appealing for mainstream users with scalable workloads in their daily routine .
We took the 3.2 GHz 1090T and overclocked it in 200 MHz increments to see how fast it can really go .
From this , we determined the clock speed that delivers the highest performance per watt .
Rick Armon / Akron Beacon Journal
Despite spending more than $ 4 billion annually on state and local government pensions , Ohio taxpayers have little access to retirement records .
They cannot find out how much they paid toward workers ' pensions or how much taxpayer money a retiree receives .
They can't know how well the pension systems track potential abuse , or worse , if they are being taken advantage of .
And state lawmakers are being asked to consider reforms -- that could cost hundreds of millions more a year -- without specific details being public .
Ohioans now pay into benefits for nearly 400,000 public retirees .
Yet , state law prevents
Ohio's five public pension systems from disclosing much about their retirement earnings .
" It 's outrageous .
That is not the kind of transparency that we need in government , " said Matt Mayer , president of the Buckeye Institute for Public Policy Solutions in Columbus .
" These gold - plated pensions are one of the greatest drivers of public government and if we can't determine how we are compensating these folks with taxpayer money , we can't fix the ever - increasing cost of government , " Mayer said .
But not everyone is upset .
Many defend keeping the information private , saying that the retirees are no longer public workers and their pension income is n't the public 's business .
Ohio 's pension systems date to 1920 .
In the beginning , financial records for individual retirees were considered public documents .
But the state legislature moved in 1965 and 1976 -- just as it significantly improved benefits -- to exempt them from public view .
Today , the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System , State Teachers Retirement System of Ohio and School Employees Retirement System of Ohio will release the names and addresses of retirees and members but nothing else .
The Ohio Police & Fire Pension Fund and the Ohio Highway Patrol Retirement System will release no details related to individual retirees -- not even their names .
The five systems denied public records requests for financial information about retirees .
The requests were filed on behalf of the state 's eight largest newspapers .
Unlike Ohio , at least 21 states -- including New York , Florida and Illinois -- consider financial benefits for retirees a matter of public record .
At least 26 states prohibit the release of such information .
Other states did not return calls .
Government watchdog groups and the media in the open states have exposed eye - popping pensions and potential abuses -- details that are hidden from Ohioans .
A Chicago Sun-Times investigation last year found three Illinois public employees who have topped $ 3 million in pension benefits since retiring .
Others earned more than their final salaries , thanks to automatic 3 percent annual increases .
The California Foundation for Fiscal Responsibility sued to obtain pension records and created an online database of public retirees earning more than $ 100,000 a year .
Taxpayers have been shocked to learn how public employees play the system , said Marcia Fritz , the group 's president .
There are plenty of stories about public workers in Ohio playing the system .
Currently , pensions are awarded based on the highest three years of salary -- although there are proposals to raise that to five .
Some individuals spike their salaries with overtime or other pay in those final years to boost their pension .
Others may work low - paying jobs for years and then nab a high - paid political position just before they retire , meaning they paid little toward their large pension check .
In other cases , workers retire and go immediately back into the same public job , improving their personal income by collecting a paycheck and pension at the same time .
Democratic State Reps. Matt Lundy of Elyria and Stephen Dyer of Green said it would be easier for lawmakers considering reforms if financial details were available .
" You ca n't make a tough decision if you do n't have all the information , " Lundy said .
" It 's not a taxpayer - friendly system . "
Dyer said he and Lundy are drafting legislation to require more openness based on the newspapers ' inquiry .
William Estabrook , executive director of the police and fire pension fund , said he would not have a problem with making some financial records public , but that the fund keeps an eye out for potential abuses .
Last year , the pension board banned the practice of packing on overtime to boost salaries and , ultimately , pensions , in the final three years of employment .
PERS , the largest pension system with nearly 171,000 retirees and the one most ripe for political abuse , did not respond to multiple requests to discuss the issue of public records .
Bugatti smashes fastest car record ... but 268 mph Veyron would n't be much use on the school run
The land speed world record for a production car has been smashed by a Bugatti sports car .
In a flash of orange and black , the Veyron 16.4 Super Sport achieved an incredible average top speed of 267.8 mph - far exceeding the expectations of Bugatti's engineering team .
Driven by Pierre - Henri Raphanel , the redesigned Veyron 16.4 Super Sport hit 265.9mph when driven against the wind and 269.8 mph with the wind at a racetrack in Ehra - Lessien , Germany
The production model of the car is able to generate 1,200 - hp with a maximum torque of 1,500 Newton metres and a limited top speed of 258 mph - to protect the tyres
Off you go :
The Bugatti sets off down the track on its way to smashing the record
Bugatti’s chief engineer Dr. Wolfgang Schreiber said : ' We took it that we would reach an average value of 264 m ph but the conditions today were perfect and allowed even more . '
It was accepted into the Guinness World Book of Records by officials .
The previous top speed for a production car had been 256.1 mph which was set by a SSC Ultimate Aero in 2007 .
Driven by Pierre - Henri Raphanel , the redesigned Veyron 16.4 Super Sport hit 265.9mph when driven against the wind and 269.8 mph with the wind at a racetrack in Ehra - Lessien , Germany .
The production model of the car is able to generate 1,200 - hp with a maximum torque of 1,500 Newton metres and a limited top speed of 258 mph - to protect the tyres .
The twin -clutch , seven - speed gearbox allows for precision turning and braking and accelerating stability .
Overall control of the car has improved with the raised main - spring travel , stronger stabilisers and new shock absorbers .
The skin is made entirely of carbon - fibre composites to reduce its weight and body modifications include expanded and reshaped front air intakes and a re-shaped rear .
The new all - carbon fibre structure also provides maximum torsion rigidity , crucial when hitting extremely high speeds .
Four enlarged turbochargers and bigger intercoolers have been used to boost the power of the 16 - cylinder engine
The first five Super Sports to come off the production line will constitute a special series with the same set - up as the land speed record car .
The Super Sport will begin production this autumn at Molsheim along with the Veyron and the Grand Sport .
The first five cars – known as the World Record Edition – are in a special black exposed carbon and orange finish and have already been sold .
The remaining production models will feature enlarged turbochargers and bigger intercoolers for the 16 - cylinder engine .
Bugatti has sold 260 Veyron and 35 Grand Sport .
The remaining production models will feature enlarged turbochargers and bigger intercoolers for the 16 - cylinder engine
Top spot :
The certificate showing the world record has been broken is handed over
A friend of former Government weapons inspector David Kelly has called for an independent review into his death in 2003
A close friend of former weapons inspector David Kelly wrote to the Attorney General calling for an independent review into his death , according to reports .
US Air Force officer Mai Pedersen 's intervention came after Attorney General Dominic Grieve indicated that he was " concerned " about the Kelly case and interested in exploring how to take the matter forward .
No inquest was ever completed into the death of Dr Kelly in 2003 , just days after he was identified as the source of stories questioning then prime minister Tony Blair 's case for war in Iraq .
But the Hutton Inquiry into his death found that he killed himself by swallowing 29 painkillers and slitting his left wrist .
Ms Pedersen , who worked with Dr Kelly in Iraq in the 1990s and remained a close friend , challenged this finding in 2008 , revealing that he had an injury to his right elbow which made it difficult for him to cut with a knife .
Shortly before his death , he was unable to cut a steak when having dinner with her , she said .
And she said that he had a dislike for pills which made it unlikely he would have chosen that method of ending his life .
According to the Daily Mail , she wrote to Mr Grieve , saying : " We understand you have indicated a willingness to consider possibly re-opening the investigation into the continuing controversy into the death of Dr Kelly .
" Given the absence of any coroner 's inquest and the perpetual secrecy surrounding the post - mortem examination , it is painfully obvious that this matter continues to cry out for a formal , independent and complete review .
Ms Pederson fully supports and adds her voice to such an effort .
The passage of time ( does ) not diminish either the public 's interest or the Government 's responsibility to ascertain the full truth , whatever that might be . "
The Attorney General 's office was unable to confirm whether it had received a letter from Ms Pedersen .
A spokesman repeated an earlier statement , saying : " The Attorney remains concerned about this issue and is keen to explore how the matter might be taken forward with ministerial colleagues . "
Mr Grieve has no power to order a new public inquiry , but could make an application to a coroner for an inquest if there is evidence to support it .
PA
A kid from Akron has inspired kids and people from around the world with his relentless commitment to pushing for more , to striving for greatness .
Central to that pursuit is his commitment to the youth coming after him in his hometown of Akron and across the globe – made visible by the I PROMISE bands they wear on the wrist daily .
In the LeBron James Store , you can be a part of that commitment to being best with various versions of the bands LeBron wears each and every day as a reminder of this shared promise to lift each other up .
A federal appeals court ruled last month that the Federal Communications Commission lacks the authority to regulate the Internet .
No worries , mate .
This week the Obama Administration chose to " reclassify " the Internet so it can regulate the Web anyway .
This crowd is nothing if not legally creative .
For the past decade , broadband has been classified as an " information service " and thus more lightly regulated than traditional telephone services .
This has led to an explosion of new investment and Web innovation , but it has n't ...
Sparpotenzial bei Managergehältern Peter Mühlbauer
Der britische Kultusminister denkt über eine Senkung der Rundfunkgebühr nach
Seit 12 .
Mai ist der lange Zeit in Japan lebende Admiralssohn Jeremy Hunt neuer britischer Kultusminister .
Nun sagte der Tory - Politiker dem Daily Telegraph in einem Interview , dass die BBC sein Schweigen seit der Wahl nicht dahin gehend interpretieren dürfe , dass er mit der bisherigen Höhe der Rundfunkabgabe zufrieden sei .
Derzeit liegt sie bei 145,50 Pfund jährlich .
Im nächsten Jahr stehen Verhandlungen über eine Verlängerung der Lizenz der BBC an .
Hunt meinte gegenüber dem Telegraph , er halte es durchaus für möglich , dass ein Ergebnis dieser Verhandlungen eine Gebührensenkung sein wird .
In diesem Zusammenhang erinnerte er auch daran , dass andere Bereiche Budgetkürzungen von bis zu 40 Prozent hinnehmen müssen .
Zudem soll der Rechnungshof NAO die Finanzen der BBC auch gegen deren Willen überprüfen .
Bereits zu Anfang des Frühjahrs hatte die Rundfunkanstalt verkündet , in erheblichem Maße Ausgaben für den Sport und die Unterhaltung zu kürzen und die dadurch frei gewordenen Mittel in die Produktion von Qualitätsprogrammen umzuschichten .
Auch die BBC - Internetinhalte sollen zukünftig begrenzt und private Medienanbieter stärker verlinkt werden .
Darüber hinaus wird die sehr umfangreiche Betriebsrente neu eingestellten Mitarbeitern zukünftig nicht mehr in vollem Umfang angeboten .
Außerdem sollen die Honorare , die der Sender Prominenten zahlt , veröffentlicht werden .
Und nicht zuletzt muss das obere Einkommensviertel der Belegschaft in den nächsten 18 Monaten mit Gehaltskürzungen rechnen .
Auch Hunt nannte bei den Sparmöglichkeiten , bei denen er sonst vage blieb , explizit die Managergehälter .
Derzeit beziehen mindestens 85 BBC - Manager ein höheres Gehalt als Premierminister David Cameron , der 142.500 Pfund im Jahr verdient .
In Deutschland plant man , anders als in Großbritannien , keine Senkung , sondern eine Erhöhung der Rundfunkgebühr .
Diese soll 2013 dadurch erfolgen , dass die Höchstsumme nicht mehr geräteabhängig , sondern für jeden Haushalt erhoben wird - egal , ob dort ein Fernsehgerät steht oder nicht .
Für jemanden , der nur einen Radioempfänger oder einen Computer hat , aber kein TV - Gerät , bedeutet dies eine Gebührenerhöhung von 5,76 auf 17,98 Euro .
Wer gar kein Rundfunkempfangsgerät bereithält , für den steigt die " TV - Steuer " sogar von null auf 17,98 Euro .
Durch diesen Effekt werden Mehreinnahmen in erheblicher Höhe erwartet .
Trotzdem versucht man in der deutschen Politik den Eindruck zu erwecken , es käme gar nicht zu einer Gebührenerhöhung - unter anderem durch die im Juli von den Länderministern gegründete Arbeitsgruppe " Beitragsstabilität " .
Sie wird vom sächsischen Staatsminister Johannes Beermann geleitet .
Der Sächsischen Zeitung sagte der CDU - Politiker am Samstag , dass sein Bundesland es nicht hinnehmen werde , wenn es mit dem Umbau der Rundfunkgebühren in eine - wie die Bild - Zeitung sie nennt - " TV - Steuer " auch eine Gebührenerhöhung geben werde .
Eine Aussage , die bei den Lesern des Blattes und denen anderer Medien , die diese Sommerlochs - Schlagzeile weiterverbreiteten , wahrscheinlich gut ankam .
Erst beim genaueren Hinsehen wird deutlich , dass Beermann keineswegs vorhat , die oben geschilderte Gebührenerhöhung zu stoppen , sondern nur den Strohmann einer zusätzlichen Anhebung der Höchstgebühr ins Spiel brachte und dann medienwirksam abfackelte .
Mittlerweile kristallisiert sich auch heraus , dass die in manchen Bereichen vorschnell gefeierte Abschaffung der Gebühreneinzugszentrale ( GEZ ) durch den Umbau der Rundfunkgebühren zwar nahe läge , aber keineswegs Wirklichkeit wird : Weder , so heißt es bei den Sendern , wolle man die Institution auflösen , noch sie maßgeblich verkleinern .
Stattdessen warnt der sächsische Datenschutzbeauftragte Andreas Schurig sogar davor , dass zwar die realen Hausbesuche sinken aber die virtuellen Eingriffe in die Daten von Bürgern sogar zunehmen .
" Würde der Staatsvertragsentwurf so umgesetzt " , meint Schurig , dann " würde die GEZ damit faktisch zur Supermeldebehörde . "
( Peter Mühlbauer )
Limbaugh launched a passionate defense of Apple and its iPhone 4 on his syndicated radio program Thursday , saying he " had no reception problems " with the one he recently purchased .
Limbaugh argues that if there were serious problems with the phone , we'd be hearing from thousands , maybe millions , of consumers experiencing dropped calls .
Instead , the talk show host blames the Obama administration , a liberal media , and Sen . " Chuck you " Schumer , for as he puts it - attacking Apple because it 's become too successful .
Sen .
Schumer has written an open letter to the company asking Apple to provide a better solution to the iPhone 4's shortcomings at no cost to purchasers .
As for Consumer Reports ' criticism of the iPhone 4 , Limbaugh told listeners the publication has become " a worthless piece of trash " ( he also points out that attacks on Toyota may have been misdirected , too , now that evidence suggests some sudden acceleration crashes were due to driver error ) .
And Rush as stock picker ?
Limbaugh calls the loss of market cap in Apple shares " a buy opportunity " .
What 's in it for Limbaugh ?
Nothing , other than it gives him another opportunity to point out what he sees as the administration 's war on business .
Limbaugh says he 's been trying for years to get Apple to advertise on his radio program , but the company has always refused " for political reasons ... I can't get anyone to call me back . "
So why defend Apple ?
" I know a shakedown when I see it , " he told his radio audience .
While Apple board members like Al Gorehave remained silent about the iPhone 4 saga , the most famous voice supporting Steve Jobs turns out to be a man Apple 's CEO has almost nothing in common with .
Questions ?
Comments ?
Funny Stories ?
Email funnybusiness@cnbc.com
Eggs in a basket ( a.k.a. toad in a hole , Rocky Mountain eggs , Moon over Miami , Bulls - Eye ) is one of the easiest breakfasts you can make .
It takes next to no time , only requires 1 pan , and is pretty damn delicious .
Preparation typically begins by cutting a circular hole in the center of a piece of bread with a cookie cutter or upside down glass .
The bread is then fried in a pan with butter , margarine or cooking oil if the bread itself is not buttered .
When browned satisfactorily , the egg is cracked into the “ basket ” cut into the toast .
The egg is then fried to the desired consistency ( it can also be flipped several times and fried on both sides ) .
When eaten , the bread and egg yolk mix readily , giving this egg dish its special quality .
It is commonly served with ketchup , jam , maple syrup ( with a side of sausage & fruit ) , or cheese .
( from Wikipedia )
Ingredients
any number of eggs
same number of bread slices ( whole wheat was used above )
pat of butter
spray oil can ( or something else hollow & circular )
Directions
Heat butter in pan on medium – high heat .
Take circular object ( I used a spray can top ) and make a hole in the middle of a slice of bread .
Keep cut out circle .
Place bread in melted butter .
Allow to brown for about 30 seconds .
At the same time , place cut out bread in pan .
Next , crack egg in center .
Allow to cook until you ca n’t see the bottom of the pan through the egg anymore .
Flip both the bread and cut out portion .
Allow to cook for another minute or so .
Plate and eat .
Season with salt & pepper .
Yolk should be a little runny when cut in to .
Use bread and cut out portion to soak it up .
My very first exposure to Perl was my boss wandering into the cube and asking me to help him figure out what was n't going on in his code .
We were running a Mail Transfer Agent written in Perl 5.005--; a Perl 4.x application that had been " converted " to Perl 5.x by changing the shebang line and praying a lot .
We had a spammer hitting us , and Tomaso , after talking to the Vendor for a couple of hours had found a hook that could be used to add User Code in a callback .
The code was getting called , but his regex was n't working .
We spent and hour or so with me playing Socrates ( ' what does this set of characters do ?
Are you sure , might it not be doing that ? ' ) .
We ran through a quart of coffee before we finally had something that would black - hole some of the spam some of the time .
It was running about 20 % false positives , so we had to monitor the ' black - hole ' file and re-inject the valid messages into the stream below our hook .
I spent the rest of the afternoon curled up with Tomas ' copy of the Llama Book ( second edition ) and about 2200 I came up with an index ( ) and substr ( ) solution that seemed to produce fewer false positives .
The following morning we took another quart of coffee and romped through my ' solution ' and decided on the basis of " it 's easier to read , it 's got fewer statements , so it ought to run faster " to try in out over lunch .
I crashed the MTA at 1201 ( I said is was a Perl4 app .... ) , but we figured it out and brought the Mail System back up around 1345 .
And we started seriously black - holing the spammer , ( success ! ! ) and only two false - positives in the first hour .
We shipped both code - fragments back to the Vendor for review .
They cleaned them up and added them to the User Contributed Routines of the next release .
I spent my spare time during the next three weeks reading the Llama ( twice ) and the man ( ) / PerlDoc .
It 's been all down hill from there .... ----
I Go Back to Sleep , Now .
OGB
I was doing some technically driven customer service stuff at what was at the time the hottest Internet company in the world .
I saw another employee heaped with accolades on the basis of things achieved with Perl .
I had been a 10 year old hacker who did a bit of programming in high school but drifted away because PASCAL and friends just were n't interesting to me .
So I thought , I 'll see about this Perl stuff .
Two excruciating weeks — of reading the first three chapters of the Llama over and over — later I had finished my first " production " script ; a shipping calculator .
It was finished the night before the shipping prices were to change .
It went into use the next morning because it was drastically needed and as big as the company was it was still in start - up mode so some dummy from customer service could sneak a script into use for 200 + employees .
I was , strangely enough , thinking about it yesterday .
It was something like 50 hours ( it was two weeks of time after completing a 10 - 12 hour work day ) of exhaustion .
It was perfectly functional but much more verbose than it needed to be ( lots of flat arrays where something like a hash of hashes of arrays was really wanted ) .
All that crazy effort and lost sleep .
I could probably rewrite it now in 30 minutes .
But this is exactly what I love about Perl and why I 've only had one job in the last 10 years which was not mainly Perl work .
A novice without the benefit of perldoc or man or any help other than a book which took it for granted that I understood what was going on half the time since it was exactly the same as in POSIX and sed and …
Perl is both simple and terribly difficult .
It 's rigorous or absurdly loose .
It 's sleek and clean or unrecognizably dirty .
A functionally identical program can be written by a solid Perl hacker in 30 minutes and 20 lines or by a beginner in two week s and 200 lines .
I left off study of computers and biology and any number of other things like linguistic and astrophysics for writing and art .
When I discovered Perl I knew I 'd found a bridge between the worlds of my chronic dilettantism .
I regularly feel gratitude to the great folks who work on the core , the CPAN , and this terrific site . :)
When I could start answering questions in comp.unix.questions in fewer lines of Perl than Shell , and I was a pretty good shell programmer . :) -- Randal L. Schwartz , Perl hacker
The key words " MUST " , " MUST NOT " , " REQUIRED " , " SHALL " , " SHALL NOT " , " SHOULD " , " SHOULD NOT " , " RECOMMENDED " , " MAY " , and " OPTIONAL " in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119 .
Way back , university , CAD lab architecture : a SPARCserver 300 , around 10 SS10 , some IPC / IPX , way too much students and too little storage .
We had home directories on the server and on the workstations , automounted as appropriate , to squeeze every bit out of the hard disks , and regular complaints of students not being able to save their files after hours of work , because somebody else did n't clean up their scratch .
Quotas were not feasible because the temporary requirements of space rendered hard and soft limits useless .
We wrote scripts collecting disk usage for all users , so we knew about the sinners and sent mails but more often than not they were ignored .
Writing those scripts I was fiddling with transformations , calculations , sed , awk , cut , expr and what not , and a coworker said " may be perl is for you . "
I tried it .
Geez , how easy it was to generate reports with format .
So some LART was needed .
Shutting out the evildoers was no solution , they would walk up to the staff and complain ; and we could n't decide which files to delete .
" Let 's force them to do that themselves " , I said and wrote a perl script which did the du -s collecting and reporting via mail and rewrote their startup scripts .
So the next time they logged in they were presented a lonely xterm in which this script was running , faking a tcsh , complete with readline , tab completion and alias support , but allowing only such commands as were useful to clean up their mess .
After they had lowered disk usage sufficiently , the script would restore their environment and they could work as usual .
That was big fun ( perl4 patchlevel 36 ) and got me hooked .
It was amazing what you could do with perl , even without CPAN and modules .
I started programming with QBasic that was shipped with Windows 3.11 .
After some time I came up with some code to read a file , and do a basic substitution encryption .
It was three pages on the 80x25 screen , and I was proud .
So I showed it to a friend , and he told me that it could be done in one line of Perl .
I did n't believe him , but he showed me that it works ( I do n't remember what it was , but know I think it must have been perl - pe ' $ _=lc;tr / a..z / thekyhr .../' or so ) .
I tried a few other languages , notably Pascal , C and Eiffel , and I always found string processing to be too cumbersome .
Now and then I remembered about that magic
Perl thing that did complete programs in one line , and I decided to learn it .
So I bought a ( really crappy ) book and started to program .
It has since then spoiled me , and I 've found no other programming language that I liked better .
My first near miss with perl , was circa 1998 .
Long story short : I was systems architect on a project to distribute , install and maintain the software stack , from the OS on down , to 600 wan connected servers and their 40,000 clients .
One of my team suggested Perl ( 4 ) for use for one small part of the distribution & installation monitoring system .
At my request he showed me half a dozen example scripts culled from the web for my appraisal / education .
On the basis of a quick read - through of the first 3 , I dismissed it as " read - only line noise " , I turned him down and mandated Rexx be used .
Better the devil you know than the devil you do n't .
My second encounter was a request to assist a ( distant ) family member in sorting out their attempt to cash in on the dot - com boom .
I took a look , realised that I was out of my depth as far as the Perl code was concerned and paid a friend to deal with the distant relation 's problem .
( It was in reference to this problem that I found this place -- see my early posts ! ) .
Despite taking the easy route ( Never do paid work for family ! ) , I was intrigued enough -- and uniquely , had time enough - - to cause me to investigate this PERL stuff further .
My conclusion : Perl is unique !
Amongst the hundreds ( if not thousands ) of computer languages , it is unique .
In that it favours Practicality over either purity or elegance .
After suffering the whims and capriciousness of a dozen or more " bosses " over the preceding 20 + years , I found home .
At last !
A language that preferred practicality over purity ; solutions over dogma .
I was more than intrigued .
I was hooked !
My first commercial project .
The brief was simple : Spider the web ( all of it , though it was smaller back then ) ; digest it ( as in MD5 ) ; index it ; and categorise it .
The theory was good .
The implementation ( in Perl ) was good .
The finance was bad .
( The bubble burst ! )
Examine what is said , not who speaks -- Silence betokens consent --
Love the truth but pardon error .
" Science is about questioning the status quo. Questioning authority " .
In the absence of evidence , opinion is indistinguishable from prejudice .
" Too many [ ] have been sedated by an oppressive environment of political correctness and risk aversion . "
We had two Word documents describing a couple of in house APIs and related stuff that we wanted to move over to a TWiki based Wiki .
Someone suggested to me that Perl was good for that sort of thing so I learned Perl .
Shortly after starting I heard of PerlMonks and the rest , as they say , is history .
Oh , and yes , I did get the documents translated even to the extent of retaining most of the original links and document structure .
Although that first project took far longer than it should have , even considering I was learning the language as I went ( I kept ' improving ' the translation ) , Perl has repaid the effort many fold since .
True laziness is hard work
My perl immersion began by working on someone else 's perl code in 1995 ; the job was to condition newswire text for " spoken language modeling " , which means : convert all number strings , abbreviations and symbols into the fully spelled - out words that people would say if they were reading the text aloud ( and there was an option to spell out the appropriate pronunciation for punctuation marks -- e.g. " open-single - quote ... close - single - quote " ) .
I needed to adapt the code so it would work on a wider variety of input text data ( a lot of hand - tuning involved ) .
Luckily for me , the author of the 8 - or - so interrelated Perl - 4 scripts I was given really knew what he was doing .
I spent most of the first week or two referring constantly to the " perlfunc " and " perlvar " man pages to figure out how the code worked .
I already knew regexes from grep and awk and some sed usage , but the " perlre " man page was like a full course of steroids .
Between the vast array of built - in functions , the many enhancements to basic regex usage , the kitchen - sink / use - whatever - works - best mindset , and the fully - detailed - yet - coherent man pages , everything just made sense .
( Update : well , everything except " pack " and " unpack " -- I did n't really grasp the man page for that until much later . )
I started writing perl substitutes for ( combinations of ) basic shell tools because it was quicker / easier / more effective than repeatedly doing lengthy pipeline commands or adding more shell - based functions and aliases in my . bashrc file ( I had always been averse to shell scripting ) .
I was deeply grateful to be able to do more of the complex tasks with less dependence on C , and I stopped using awk altogether .
In 1994 , I had some scientific ( computational chemistry ) data to process .
The lab did n't have a C compiler and the problem was a bit too complex for sed / awk / sh .
Remembered Perl from a couple years earlier and was now desperate enough to actually try it .
Worked like a charm ( obviously ) .
Soon wrote a web - based DB for the departmental library from scratch ... then discovered the magic of modules like DBI when I could n't maintain my own spaghetti - code just a year later .
After CPAN , I was fully converted and started using Perl for nearly everything possible .
In 1996 I started working with a TV character generator named Antero ( running on SGI machines ) for sports broadcasting .
It came with a rough automation system with examples in perl 4 .
I started writing an automated statistic system around it for basketball just for the fun of it , until it became a reasonable demonstrator .
So in 1998 I finally led computer graphics programming and display automation system for Football ( soccer if you want ) World Cup , though the main GUI was finally in visual basic ( iiiirk ) and the statistic management GUI in Java , it achieved to convince me of Perl 's superiority :)
I was writing an IRC - related application in C# , and I was parsing the protocol with regular expressions .
I did n't know them very well , so I bought a copy of Mastering Regular Expressions .
It used Perl for most of the examples ( and its largest chapter is about Perl 's RE support ) , and I 'd heard Perl was in its own class with regard to text manipulation , so I gave it a go .
Turns out I could eliminate lots of code , due to Perl 's terseness ( yay Huffman coding ) , and replace all of the network code with some POE magic .
As for regular expressions , I learned that one should n't use those to parse IRC ( or most other protocols ) , but rather use some well - tested parser .
However , the best module for the job , the one I ended up using , actually uses regular expressions under the hood . :)
I was a windows user for many years , but interested in Linux and wanted to do more with it .
Got the opportunity a few years ago and started working at an ISP supporting windows and linux servers as part of their NOC team before moving up to Sysadmin initially as a junior , but very shortly thereafter as a full one having developed my linux skills and shown aptitude
When I joined sysadmin I came across these lovely old hacked - together solutions .
Stuff that is ( was ? ) ingenious , and perfect at the time it was created , but by now utterly bizarre and could be done so much easier and with less chance of catastrophic failure .
A fair bit of my role revolved around keeping these old systems working whilst a fancy new one was built from scratch ( long and complex process ) , and I kept coming across these perl scripts .
I 'd done VBA programming at school , and knew Spectrum BASIC , but that was it .
Perl is fairly logical though , and even though the scripts were rarely commented I could generally understand what they were doing ( I 'd usually run the regexp past more experienced guys in my team for a quick answer ) , and occasionally tweak them to fix problems .
I could see that perl was effective , powerful and something I could leverage to make my life easier , and frankly I 'm a lazy sod with a phobia of repetitive work .
If I could spend 30 minutes doing some bash scripting to save myself 15 minutes of repetitive work I 'd do it , because sod's law says I 'd have to do the repetitive work again at least a few more times .
I had a week of unused holiday and the end of leave year was coming up , so I decided " Sod it " , bought the Llama book , booked the week off work and ploughed through it , setting myself a target of xx chapters a day .
Then came the biggest hook .
After 3 days my brain felt a little stuffed and I was getting bored with the exercises in the book , but felt I had a pretty good graps of the subject .
I 'd been dealing with spammers on a regular basis and knew I was looking for certain stuff in the exim4 log that exipick could n't tell me , and the final two days of the working week were spent writing a perl script to do the hard work for me and e-mail me the results .
Shoved it in cron and knew I was in love from the first e-mail :)
That cron'd script meant a month or so later on I was able to use the time saved to set about identifying the real cause , which I did successfully and meant my first , self - written and dearly beloved script was very obsolete .
* wipes a tear from eye *
Working on a branch automation project at a bank I was analysing log files and sniffer traces .
Awk was what I knew and used .
My contemporaries were importing into spreadsheets and bogging down .
A consultant was advising we contract with him to put it into a database and develop reports .
I was at least able to get some useful data extracted .
We had a problem to solve .
The developers asserted the network performance was killing their application .
The network guys ( which included me ) asserted the development team was doing some fundamentally flawed things .
Since awk did not have an internal sort I was sending the data to the system - MS DOS in this case - to sort the data .
The volume of data was greater than the available RAM and the DOS sort needed to stuff everything into memory .
I 'd heard of Perl and had be vowing to learn it .
My copy of Progamming Perl was woefully underused .
Checking it I did see that Perl had its own sort .
A quick test program showed that Perl could and would sort my data set .
I applied Perl to the problem at hand .
Spent one weekend with Learning Perl dutifully doing every exercise .
Applied Perl to every problem I could figure out how to address in the language .
Did n't look back .
As to the developers vs. network guys battle … I showed that , among other things , the developer 's programs were opening , reading and closing the same file 4.77 times a second for the entire duration of the run .
Made the spiffy new 486s crawl like an original XT .
Be Appropriate && Follow Your Curiosity
4.77 times a second ... original XT .
The clock speed of the 8088 in the original IBM PC was 4.77 MHz .
Coincidence or no ?
Examine what is said , not who speaks -- Silence betokens consent --
Love the truth but pardon error .
" Science is about questioning the status quo. Questioning authority " .
In the absence of evidence , opinion is indistinguishable from prejudice .
" Too many [ ] have been sedated by an oppressive environment of political correctness and risk aversion . "
Coincidence indeed .
We howled in laughter over it , when we were n't despairing over the application performance .
The coincidence also assures that I 'll never forget the incident .
Be Appropriate && Follow Your Curiosity
I was a consultant at Credit Suisse in London in 1999 and I was migrating CSFB 's global network from Novell to Microsoft .
I had to do things like remotely query user registries to figure out what applications they were running and do things on Novell and windows drive mappings and log stuff into excel spreadsheets based on the data I found .
Just a whole mess of cross platform tasks on Novell and Microsoft servers and on the local workstation that was executing the tasks .
I found Active State Perl to be invaluable for this .
The next step was to get a linux box under my desk running mysql and instead of logging data into excel I was storing it in MySQL .
Linux was n't allowed on CSFB 's network at the time so I snuck it in .
Soon after I landed a job at eToys.com which was a huge mod_perl shop and ended up running the European warehouse management system which was written in Perl .
Perrin Harkins and the rest of the web team impressed the hell out of me with what they were achieving on the web front - end .
It was then that I realized how scaleable Perl really is .
Since then I 've launched around 7 startups of my own all running mod_perl .
With the latest Ruby craze I simply am not interested because I know perl can scale effortlessly and mod_perl is now incredibly stable .
While the Ruby guys are struggling with Memory leaks or MySQL integration issues , I 'm just writing new features .
I 'm the founder and CEO of Feedjit.com .
We serve over 400 uncached page impressions per second and process around 10,000 mysql TPS on a tiny mod_perl2 cluster .
On an average day during peak , the front - end server has around 12,500 concurrent connections .
Mark Maunder .
an ' den ?
Tye Congratulations you won the ReplyGolf competition for the post !
While the average keystroke count for replies was 1277.438 ( as of 19:00 HST 4/25/09 ) your reply was an astounding 10 keystrokes !
However , because both you and shmem mentioned format , I did pick up Learning Perl and Programming Perl again to review the power of format .
I have to confess , I skipped it because working in Windows I was n't ( yet ) able to print a report .
C'mon tye , tell us a story !
Pleeese !
How did format solve a problem ? <> generator
I was programming on OpenVMS in 1996 .
I 'd done a few data munging tasks , nothing big .
We had this system that mailed a lot of quality reports on chemical samples to a bunch of different people .
Maintenance of the mailing lists and the like was a pain and mail servers were sometimes unreliable .
A customer asked if the reports could be put on a website .
I thought about it for a few minutes and realized that I could dump the reports into directories , formatted with links for a lot of the interesting information to cross reference them and index pages to bring up various views of interest to various communities .
It was just a data reformatting problem , no CGI was required .
It was a huge hit and it took me practically no time to put together .
The fact that Perl was working on OpenVMS was a big part of the win here .
Perl is ubiquitous , still .
Today , I do Unix and it's installed on every one of our Unix systems by default .
That 's not true of any other scripting langauge and I do n't see that changing .
I wonder if that Perl6 will ever enjoy that kind of penetration , no matter how perfect it is .
I wonder if that Perl6 will ever enjoy that kind of penetration , no matter how perfect it is .
That will mostly depend on the dedication of those who run these " unsual " operating systems .
Currently most people who hack on the compilers and the virtual machines are too absorbed with implementing the language first .
Yes , portability is great , but you can't just hope that it will drop out somewhere - you really have to put effort into it .
Got my first computer in late ' 98 ( I was 19 ) .
Wanted to learn programming by myself some time later in ' 99 .
There was this big hype about Java 's total world domination and VB was / is so widespread , so tried them first without much luck .
I was bored using / learning them actually .
Then some time in 2000 I 've discovered the now dead UBB forum software .
UBB had these so called " hacks " .
We call them " plugins " nowadays .
I did not know a thing about programming but was modifying these hacks and even developing some by the copy - paste technique :)
At some point I 've decided that I can't go further without actually learning the language itself and bought a * very bad * book ( which eventually went to trash ) .
Then discovered the O'Reilly books in the university library and I really started learning Perl .
It was hard at the beginning and the UBB experience did not help much since it 's code was a real cr@p and I did not have much friends interested in Perl and the available ones are not interested in it deeply .
But anyway , I really enjoyed using Perl tried more and more to master it and still trying to improve my skills and of course enjoying writing Perl :)
One day I noticed I could understand really huge data structures , thanks to Data : : Dumper .
Then I noticed all those funny things from CS ( linked lists , fifo queues , push down stacks , hash tables , etc ) were all built right into 8 or 40 bytes of code ...
- Paul
FWIW , From my POV , my first encounter with _the_ language ( of anybodys ' choice : -) was 25 years ago on VAX / VMS and prototype Ferranti PC ( Ferranti Advance - remember them ? ) hardware - after which I did n't have an awful lot of exposure ( it was predominantly Assembler , C & shell / make script ) ...
Until about ' 98 when I joined Sun - using it [ perl ] ( in conjunction with shell & make script ) to write a bespoke change management system integrating the in - house version control & build systems .
Since when I 've been using it [ perl ] ( c/w the aforementioned shell & make script ) to extend &/ or customise all manner of configuration management ( and configuration management related ) tools and processes .
Apart , that is , from 2 engagements : one ( split over 2 year long assignments ) that utilised it to provide the hub ( pun intended ) of a military standard messaging system and ... the current engagement - which is using it to provide hardware test suites / harnesses - an engagement where for some bizarre reason , I appear to have , by far , the most experience of the language within the test team ... providing endless opportunities , none of which are shunned , to evangelise
And that , ladies and gentlemen of the jury , concludes the evidence for the defence :-D
A user level that continues to overstate my experience :-) )
I find it mildly amusing that the thing which brought me to Perl was the thing which most people seem to find most repulsive about it : Regular expressions .
It was 1999 .
While the rest of the world fretted over y2 k , I was working with a manufacturing software company ( not exactly ERP , but close enough ) and writing Delphi 2 code .
I loved the language but hated the IDE 's editor .
I had been flirting with various unix - like OSes on and off for a bit over a decade and was haunted by fond memories of vi .
When it got to be too much for me , I managed to locate an editor plugin which offered a vi mode and convinced management to buy me a copy .
Once I 'd reprogrammed my fingers to remember that I was n't in a modeless editor any more , I was pleased , but it still was n't quite what I wanted .
I had been away from * nix for too long and my vi - fu had grown weak .
My next stop was to buy myself a copy of Learning the vi Editor , which reminded me of all the things I had forgotten and taught me many I had never known .
It also showed me things that could be done with regular expressions , while also showing that they had power beyond my grasp ...
The cycle repeated itself again , as I picked up Mastering Regular Expressions and learned its topic while getting a glimpse of how Perl - previously unknown to me aside from the name - could transcend even the glory of the regex .
This sent me to meet the Llama for an introduction to Perl and the Coriolis Perl Black Book to really get me going with the language .
Now , several years later , I have n't yet encountered anything that Perl gives me a taste of without also providing in fullness , so I have n't felt the need to move on since getting here and I do n't expect to do so any time soon .
Long before my epiphany with vim I 'd been using Dreamweaver for HTML authoring and digging further into it 's capabilities I came across its regular expression features within Find & Replace .
There was a note in " Dreamweaver Bible " referring to " Mastering Regular Expressions " which I found in a local library and from there I realised Perl was the languaged to learn if you wanted access to the full power of regexes .
I next read the first 2/3 of " Programming Perl " while also trying to learn Java .
By day I wrestled with Java OO and by night I relaxed with Larry Wall 's entertaining tome .
I only had space in my life for one " real " programming language so Perl won .
In my first " real job " I was creating Access 2 applications in VB 4 .
( It had to run on Windows 3.1 Do n't ask . )
I learned very fast that I hated Windows .
I was asked to teach myself Perl because it was useful for this WWW thing .
I did .
I then got the opportunity to escape a job I hated for a much better one doing nothing but Perl .
At that job I was lucky enough to find a mentor who had programmed in a lot of languages , including Lisp .
The rest is history .
We were switching from IBM mainframes to Unix ( we 'd just gotten in a Cray X - MP running Unicos ) and UniTree running on a Convex ; one of the Convex FE 's told me that I could learn shell , awk , sed , and C programming ... or just learn Perl .
I went with Perl .
After getting my first job in IT , doing boring things with AutoCAD and MS Access VBA , I wanted to get into " real " programming .
Java was the big hype then , so I went out and bought " Thinking in Java " , 1st edition , by Bruce Eckel .
Man , that was boring .
A friend told me he was learning Perl , so I looked for a decent tutorial and found : Robert 's Perl Tutorial
This contains gems like " On the Superhighway to the Portability Panacea , Perl 's Porsche powers past Java 's jaded jalopy . "
Or " What is ActivePerl ?
Are the other Perls inactive ? "
My personal favourite : " How to Avoid Making Mountains while Escaping Special Characters . "
This took a while ... but after staring at this line for some time : / http:\/\/language\.perl\.com\/faq\//;
I finally slapped my forehead ...
As a sysadmin I got to a point where for the various " duct tape " activities , shell scripting became cumbersome , so I learned Perl .
Flirted a bit with Python , but Perl wins maleability points for allowing me to write " oneliners " ( quotes are there because when experienting I tend to have " oneliners " that wrap a couple of times on a wide monitor ) .
I was working for a company which had contracted me out to a much larger one on a " just in case " basis for a couple of months - my managers were getting money in so long as I was n't working on any other project .
That left me with a lot of time on my hands , and Perl happened to be the first shiny thing that caught my eye as something new to learn . :-)
My next job involved a lot of CGI / Perl programming .
Co-incidence ?
Well , partially at least ... --
use JAPH ;
print JAPH ::asString ( ) ;
In the mid-90 's working at a start - up we got into a quiet time , at that point I was getting into doing web pages and had gotten past the joys of writing HTML in Notepad .
I wanted more , and started looking at CGI stuff , so I started learning Perl to understand how I could get CGI to work correctly .
After awhile I started using it for help in testing , connecting to databases , scrubbing data , system calls and other things .
Whenever I have a lot of data to munge I use Perl to do it , but I have since moved off into Python and Ruby for some other tasks but there is still a lot of Perl that I handle day to day .
I was working a manual labor job right out of high school to convince myself that I needed to go to college for some reason , and since I " knew about compooters " , I weaseled my way into the technical documents library .
I convinced my boss to let me digitize everything and write a search engine .
He let me expense Teach Yourself Perl In 21 Days , and I spent the next week writing the first web application ( and first bit of custom app development period ) that this company had ever undertaken .
10 years later , our flagship CMS is written in perl , the old search engine is still running , and dot net is looming over me .
Still , we had a good run .
Image caption Waiting for a new winter home : royal swans in Ottawa
Plans to approve a new winter home for a flock of royal swans in the Canadian capital Ottawa in time for a visit by Queen Elizabeth II have been delayed .
Campaigners dubbed the animals ' current off - season accommodation Swantanamo Bay , saying it is squalid and cramped .
Ottawa 's city council has postponed a debate scheduled for Tuesday about a new home home for the birds .
They are descendants of six pairs of mute swans presented by the Queen to Ottawa to mark Canada 's 1967 centenary .
The swans spend their summers on the Rideau River , but are moved indoors when the temperatures drop in the autumn .
The council was to discuss a $ 350,000 ( £ 230,000 ) proposal to provide a modern off - season residential space and swimming area for the birds .
But the debate has been postponed to make time for more pressing business , said an Ottawa City Hall spokesman .
Clarence Dungey , of the Save Ottawa 's Swans campaign , said he was extremely disappointed by the setback .
They ought to be treated like royalty Liz White , Ontario Wildlife Federation
Liz White , of the Ontario Wildlife Federation , said Ottawa should take better care of its royal swans .
" The housing should be top notch .
They ought to be treated like royalty - not like a bother , " she said .
The Queen arrived in Canada on Monday for a nine - day tour and will spend the national holiday , Canada Day , in the capital on Thursday .
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has conveyed a proposal to Israel to set up an international commission of inquiry into the raid on the Gaza - bound aid flotilla a week ago .
Open gallery view UN Chief Ban Ki-moon meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Credit : EPA
The head of the committee would be former New Zealand prime minister Geoffrey Palmer , an expert on maritime law .
Committee members would include representatives from the United States , Turkey and Israel .
Senior officials at the Foreign Ministry said Israel should consider the idea favorably .
Top officials in Jerusalem and European diplomats said Bans preliminary proposal , which he made in a phone call to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , does not precisely define the committees mandate .
But it is certain to consider whether Israels takeover of the ship the Mavi Marmara contravened international law .
Ban reportedly suggested that he appoint the committees chairman and suggested Palmer as a candidate .
Senior government officials said the Foreign Ministry recommends responding favorably to establishing the committee because Turkey will probably oppose it .
Such a committee will reveal many details about the link between [ Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip ]
Erdogan , the flotilla organizers and the IHH , a senior official said .
He was referring to a Turkish Islamic nongovernmental organization that reportedly has ties to terror groups .
If the mandate is reasonable and does not include questioning IDF soldiers , such a committee could remove the sting from the affair and neutralize similar future flotillas , the official added .
Bans proposal came after another proposal , for a committee like the one South Korea established after the sinking of one of its navy ships , was rejected .
That committee , whose members included South Korea , the United States , Sweden , Canada and Australia , determined that North Korea had sunk the ship .
This model , which the United States supported , was rejected by Israel because of the completely different circumstances of the two events .
Netanyahu and Defense Minister Ehud Barak are said to be leaning toward an examination of the events surrounding the takeover of the Mavi Marmara , with American or other international participation .
A senior source in the Prime Ministers Bureau noted that Netanyahu opposes the questioning of Israel Defense Forces soldiers , but that he is not ruling out any options regarding scrutiny of the events .
According to a source in Baraks office , Barak opposes the questioning of soldiers and officers , but he is prepared for an examination under Israeli aegis with the participation of foreign observers .
Talks also continued over the weekend between Israel and the United States about the possibility of easing the blockade of Gaza .
Dan Shapiro , head of the Israel desk at the U.S. National Security Council , remained in Israel for further discussions on the matter , after taking part , with special envoy George Mitchell , in proximity talks between Israel and the Palestinians on Thursday and Friday .
He met over the weekend with National Security Adviser Uzi Arad , and is to continue his talks on Sunday .
A senior government official said Israel had accepted the U.S. proposal to launch official talks on ways to ease the Gaza blockade .
But at this point , Jerusalem has reportedly rejected setting up an international force to check ships seeking to deliver humanitarian aid to Gaza .
That didnt work in Lebanon or at the Rafah crossing , and its doubtful it will work in this case , the official said .
A senior government official said a new date for the meeting between Netanyahu and U.S. President Barak Obama could be next week , after Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas visit to Washington on Wednesday .
However , the Netanyahu - Barak meeting could be postponed until the last week in June .
Member 2399
7 entries
24080 views
RSS
Where forward thinking terrestrials share ideas and information about the state of the species , their planet and the universe , living the lives of science fiction .
Featuring Powers of Ten by Charles and Ray Eames , based on an idea by Kees Boeke .
WE humans are about to be wiped out in a few decades .
The grandchildren of many of us will not live to old age .
Hear it from Frank Fenner , emeritus professor of microbiology at the Australian National University and the man who helped eradicate smallpox .
" Homo sapiens will become extinct , perhaps within 100 years , " he told The Australian this week .
Click here to have your say at Andrew 's blog
" It 's an irreversible situation . "
Blame global warming .
But here 's the odd thing .
Just three paragraphs into this report announcing the - Oh My God ! - end of the world , the reporter and Fenner were off talking about rabbits , Fenner 's writing habits , his bookshelves , his student days , his war service and the weight of the book he wrote on smallpox - 3.5 kg , actually .
Oh , and did he ever tell how he used to study skulls with Norman Tindale ?
Now , you 'd think when a reporter had just been told that thousands of years of human history were about to come to a screaming halt - with their own loved ones among the dead - that rabbits and recollections of Norm would be the last thing they 'd want to discuss .
Back up a bit , they 'd cry .
Run that by me again : you mean , all human life on this planet is going to be exterminated ?
But , no .
So used are we to sandwich - board doom - mongering from global warmists that we hurry them on to cheerier topics , like tales of old Norm and his skulls .
It 's not that Fenner is a joke .
He may now be 95 , but he 's a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science and the Royal Society .
And his views on the end of the world , however boring , were still deemed serious enough to publish in The Australian 's prestigious Higher Education supplement .
This curious disconnect between prediction and reception happens relatively often now .
Four years ago another warmist , Prof James Lovelock , creator of the influential Gaia theory of an interconnected Earth , was every bit as apocalyptic as Fenner .
We 'd passed the point of no return , he groaned .
The world was heating catastrophically .
" Before this century is over , billions of us will die , and the few breeding pairs of people that survive will be in the Arctic where the climate remains tolerable . "
All that was left to do was to prepare " a guidebook for global warming survivors ... on durable paper with long - lasting print " .
That should put a damper on any conversation .
Yet when ABC warmist Phillip Adams soon afterwards interviewed Lovelock for Late Night Live , they first talked of walks in the country , horses , the absence of TVs back when they were lads and how people used to believe in ghosts .
Only after half an hour did they finally get on to Lovelock 's prediction of the abrupt deaths of billions of people within just eight or nine decades .
It was like they 'd left the boring bit until last .
The bit where everyone dies .
Strange .
It 's like we privately agree that when these scientists say the end of the world is nigh , they do n't mean it , not literally , but are just scaring us for our own good .
Or that they do mean it , but are frankly batty .
After all , it 's not as if even Dark Greens have resolved never to breed , to thus spare their child the horror of spending their shortened life in terror at the doom to come .
Yet we 're still meant to treat everything else these scientists say as the gospel truth .
As in : sure , they 're way out there about the end of human life , but on the small stuff they are bang on .
Meanwhile , life goes on .
We laugh .
We plan .
We invent .
We build .
We adapt .
And we talk of other things than the end of the world , and luckily so , because we 'll be around a lot longer yet , if we keep our heads - and our hope .
Click here to have your say at Andrew 's blog
Originally published as 6 .
Our own extinction is forecast
Opponents of Donald Trump 's proposed golf resort in Scotland claim they have thwarted his plans through the mass purchase of land , a device used by campaigners against the expansion of Heathrow airport .
Scores of people , including comedian Mark Thomas and wilderness hiker Cameron McNeish , have become joint owners of an acre of land previously owned by Michael Forbes , the quarryman and salmon netsman who has become Trump 's most famous and obstinate opponent .
The parcel of land is part of Forbes 's 23 - acre property in Aberdeenshire which sits deep inside the resort , close to the eighth and ninth holes of the first of two planned 18 - hole golf courses .
In a play on words , the protesters have dubbed their collectively owned site The Bunker .
Campaigners from the protest group Tripping up Trump also unveiled an online appeal for other sympathisers to register their names as joint owners .
Trump , who flew into Aberdeen today with his son Donald Trump Junior on his private airliner , already has outline planning permission for five parcels of private property within or on the resort 's boundaries .
All five properties are incorporated in Trump 's masterplan for the resort .
The property developer tried to play down the significance of the mass - purchase campaign but said he plans to talk to Aberdeenshire council about pursuing the compulsory purchase of all five parcels of land .
He insisted that would be the council 's decision , not his .
He then reopened his long - running feud with Forbes and David Milne , another prominent objector who owns a former coastguard station on a headland overlooking the North Sea , describing their properties as " slums " and a " pigsty " .
Claiming the total cost of the project had now fallen from £ 1bn to £ 750 m , Trump said the campaign would have no impact on his plans for the first golf course .
But it would affect the view from the five - star hotel , a point he plans to raise with planning officials .
" You can not see Forbes from the golf course , but he does have an impact on the hotel , " Trump said .
" If we build a £ 300 m or £ 400 m hotel , I do n't think you want the windows looking down on a slum .
I do n't think anyone wants to build where your view is obliterated by a slum . "
Milne 's property was " a visual slum .
It 's a very unattractive house , " Trump added .
The billionaire , on a three - day visit to tour the site and plan his first golf course layout , added he had unilaterally decided to rename the legally designated dune system that is being used for the golf course .
A conservation area known officially as the Foveran Links , a site of special scientific interest , would now be called " the Great Dunes of Scotland " .
" I think it 's a more appropriate name , it 's a bigger name , a better name and I think it 's a name people can understand and relate to in Scotland , " he said .
" So I feel the dunes should be named for Scotland , not for myself .
If I was being arrogant I would name them the ' Donald J Trump Special Dunes ' . "
Two of the property owners , a driving school instructor who lives next to Forbes and Aberdeenshire council , have indicated they want to sell to Trump .
So far , the co-owners of the acre include Dr Adam Watson , the ecologist ; Paul Young , the actor ; Ed Wardle , the adventurer ; Scottish Green party MSP Robin Harper ; other residents threatened by compulsory purchase and activists .
They believe their mass ownership will create severe legal and political difficulties if Aberdeenshire tries to seek a compulsory purchase order .
It is understood the campaigners plan to fight any order right through the courts , bogging it down for years .
Forbes , made famous after Trump singled him out for abuse in 2009 , said : " Tripping Up Trump now own a piece of my land in an effort to help protect my family and the other families worried by the threat of compulsory purchase .
Trump lost the battle for public opinion long ago , and he's now lost any chance of bulldozing our homes . "
Milne replied to Trump 's comments : " My home may not be the most attractive on the face of the planet , but my extensions were designed and built under the requirements of the local authority .
It 's a great pity that his own carbuncles that he intends on erecting are not in keeping with the area in any way , shape or form . "
Patricia Duarte , mam� de Eduardo Alonso , dijo que que ' para Calder�n , Justicia es dinero ' .
Adem�s , le dijo que justicia es que destituya a Karam , Molinar y que la prima de su esposa vaya a la c�rcel
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Martes 20 de julio de 2010
Redacci�n | El Universal
17:20
• Game will be first from abroad to be shown live in Pyongyang • Sides last met at quarter - final stage of 1966 World Cup
North Koreans will get a rare opportunity to join the rest of the world in watching a live football match on television today , when their team take on Portugal in the World Cup .
The state broadcaster , Korean Central Television , is expected for the first time in this tournament to show a crucial Group B game as it happens , according to two sources in Pyongyang .
The live screening is likely to generate excitement in North Korea , where football is the most popular sport but most games are shown only after a delay of several hours or days .
The country 's opening match against Brazil was reportedly not broadcast in full until 17 hours after it finished in South Africa , and many people already knew the score via newspaper and radio reports .
This year 's World Cup draw – shown live across most of the world late last year – was not broadcast in North Korea until weeks later .
Authorities in Pyongyang have not disclosed their reasons for the earlier delays , but it is likely to be a combination of time differences ( the Brazil game was played in the middle of the night in North Korea ) , technical issues ( there is only one channel outside the capital ) , and censorship ( North Korea 's media is arguably more tightly controlled than any other in the world ) .
Foreign residents in North Korea said the news of the broadcast spread like wildfire .
" This is significant , " said Simon Cockerell of Beijing - based Koryo Tours , which has organised several trips to the isolated nation .
" I have seen a lot of games in North Korea and they never show them live .
I doubt there has been a letter - writing campaign , but they do seem receptive to the public desire to see live football . "
Last week , the Asia - Pacific Broadcasting Union – a regional agent for Fifa – announced it would provide free coverage of the tournament so that North Korea 's 23 million citizens can get a taste of life outside their homeland .
The agreement was reportedly finalised only hours before the start of the tournament , which has given the local broadcaster little time to prepare .
At the last World Cup , broadcasts were shared by the South Korean rights holder , but relations between the two sides of the peninsula have soured since the sinking of a South Korean ship with the loss of 46 lives earlier this year .
Earlier this month , South Korea said it would not provide coverage of the tournament .
The political implications of the live broadcast are hard to gauge .
A heavy loss would be a blow to a pride - conscious nation , but the strong performance against Brazil and the realism of many fans about their team 's chances may have emboldened the authorities .
" People here know that Portugal are a strong side and it would be no shame to lose against them , " said a Pyongyang resident .
But , of course , the hope of the newest live World Cup audience will be for another of the upsets that have become the distinguishing feature of this tournament .
There is a precedent of sorts .
In 1966 – the last time North Korea qualified for the World Cup finals – fans were able to follow the action live on the radio as their country 's players pulled off arguably the greatest upset in World Cup history by beating the favourites , Italy , 1 - 0 .
29 April 1998
Thanks to Jeffrey T. Richelson and Ballinger
The U.S. Intelligence Community
Jeffrey T. Richelson
New York , Ballinger , 1989
This excerpt from Second Edition ( soft ) , pp. 167-197
167
Chapter 8
SIGNALS INTELLIGENCE
Signals intelligence ( SIGINT ) is traditionally considered to be one of the most important and sensitive forms of intelligence .
The interception of foreign signals can provide data on a nation 's diplomatic , scientific , and economic plans or events as well as the characteristics of radars , spacecraft and weapons systems .
SIGINT can be broken down into five components :
communications intelligence ( COMINT )
electronics intelligence ( ELINT )
radar intelligence ( RADINT )
laser intelligence ( LASINT )
non-imaging infrared .
As its name indicates , COMINT is intelligence obtained by the interception , processing , and analysis of the communications of foreign governments or groups , excluding radio and television broadcasts .
The communications may take a variety of forms -- voice , Morse code , radio - teletype or facsimile .
The communications may be encrypted , or transmitted in the clear .
The targets of COMINT operations are varied .
The most traditional COMINT target is diplomatic communications -- the communications from each nation 's capital to its diplomatic establishments around the world .
The United States has intercepted and deciphered the diplomatic communications of a variety of nations -- Britain during the 1956 Suez Crisis , Libya 's communications to its East Berlin People 's Bureau prior to the bombing of a nightclub in West Berlin in 1985 , Iraq 's communications to its embassy in Japan in the 1970s .
The United States also targets the communications between different components of a large number of governments .
On some occasions both components are located
168
within the country , on other occasions at least one is located outside national boundaries .
Communications that may be targeted include those between government officials , different ministries , a ministry or agency and subordinate units throughout the country and abroad , arms factories , military units during exercises and operations , and police and security forces and their headquarters .
More specifically , the United States intercepts communications between the Soviet Ministry of Defense and Military District headquarters , and between Military District headquarters and units in the field ; between transmitter stations and Soviet submarines ; between the President of Egypt and his subordinates ( including the time when Egypt was holding the hijackers of the Achille Lauro ) ; and between military units at all levels in the Philippines .
In 1980 , U.S. intercepts of Soviet communications generated a fear that the Soviets were about to invade Iran .
In 1983 intercepts allowed the United States to piece together the details concerning the sinking of a Soviet submarine in the North Pacific .
1
At times , entire sets of targets may be dropped or have their coverage dramatically increased .
In the early 1970s the United States dropped COMINT coverage of the Soviet civil defense network ( coverage was later resumed ) .
In 1983 it began an all - source intelligence program ( that included COMINT ) to improve intelligence on the Soviet prison camp system , with the specific intent of issuing a study that would embarrass the Soviets .
The intelligence was intended to determine the location of the camps , existing conditions , and the number of political prisoners .
Governmental communications do not exhaust the set of COMINT targets .
The communications of political parties or guerilla movements may also be targeted .
The communications of the African National Congress in South Africa , the El Salvadoran rebels , and the Greek Socialist Party are all likely targets of COMINT activities .
In addition , the communications of terrorist groups can also be COMINT targets -- both to permit understanding of how the group functions and the personalities of its leaders , and to allow prediction of where and how the groups will strike next .
Another major set of COMINT targets are associated with economic activity ( of both the legal and illegal variety ) - - for example , the communications of multinational corporations and narcotics traffickers .
In 1970 , the predecessor to the Drug Enforcement Administration informed the NSA that it had " a requirement for any and all COMINT information which reflects illicit traffic in narcotics and dangerous drugs . "
Specific areas of interest included organizations and individuals engaged in such activities , the distribution of narcotics , narcotic cultivation and production centers , efforts to control the traffic in narcotics , and all violations of U.S. Laws concerning narcotics and dangerous drugs .
2
Electronic intercept operations are intended to produce electronic intelligence ( ELINT ) by intercepting the non-communication signals of military and civilian hardware , excluding those signals resulting from atomic detonations .
Under NSA project KILTING , all ELINT signals are stored in computerized reference files containing the most up - to - date technical information about the signals .
169
The earliest of ELINT targets were World War II air defense radar systems .
The objective was to gather emanations that would allow the identification of the presence and operating characteristics of the radars -- information that could be used to circumvent or neutralize the radars ( through direct attack or electronic countermeasures ) during bombing raids .
Information desired included frequencies , signal strengths , pulse lengths and rates , and other specifications .
Since that time , intelligence , space tracking , and ballistic missile early - warning radars have joined the list of ELINT targets .
In the early 1950s the primary targets were Soviet Bloc ( including PRC ) radars .
Soviet radars remain a prime ELINT target .
Monitoring Soviet radars also has an arms control verification aspect , since the 1972 ABM Treaty restricts the use of radars in an " ABM mode . "
During the Vietnam war , North Vietnamese radars were also major targets .
Libyan and Iranian radars are clearly prime targets in the late 1980s .
A subcategory of ELINT is Foreign Instrumentation Signals Intelligence ( FISINT ) .
Foreign instrumentation signals are electromagnetic emissions associated with the testing and operational deployment of aerospace , surface , and subsurface systems that have military or civilian applications .
Such signals include , but are not limited to , signals from telemetry , beaconing , electronic interrogators , tracking - fusing - aiming / command systems , and video data links .
3
A subcategory of FISINT is Telemetry Intelligence ( TELINT ) .
Telemetry is the set of signals by which a missile , missile stage , or missile warhead sends , back to earth , data about its performance during a test flight .
The data relate to structural stress , rocket motor thrust , fuel consumption , guidance system performance , and the physical conditions of the ambient environment .
Intercepted telemetry can provide data to estimate the number of warheads carried by a given missile , its payload and throw - weight , the probable size of its warheads , and the accuracy with which the warheads are guided at the point of release from the missile 's post - boost vehicles .
4
Radar intelligence -- the intelligence obtained from the use of non-imaging radar -- is similar to ELINT in that no intercepted communications are involved .
However , RADINT does not depend on the interception of another object 's electronic emanations .
It is the radar which emanates electronic signals -- radio waves -- and the deflection of those signals allows for intelligence to be derived .
Information that can be obtained from RADINT includes flight paths , velocity , maneuvering , trajectory , and angle of descent .
Two further categories of SIGINT were listed in the proposed National Security Agency charter of 1980 -- information derived from the collection and processing of ( I ) non-imaging infrared , and ( 2 ) coherent light signals .
The former involves sensors that can detect the absence / presence and movement of an object via temperature .
The term " coherent light signal " refers to lasers , and hence this category includes the interception of laser communications , as well as the emissions from Soviet laser research and development activities .
5
170
The ease with which signals ( whether communications or electronic signals ) can be intercepted and understood depends on three factors : the method of transmission , the frequencies employed , and the encipherment system ( or lack of ) used to conceal the signals meaning form unauthorized personnel .
The most secure form of transmission is that sent by cables , either land lines or underwater cables .
Communications or other signals transmitted through such cables cannot be snatched out of the air .
Interception of cable traffic has involved physically tapping into the cables or using " induction " devices that are placed in the proximity of the cables and maintenance of equipment at the point of access .
This might be unobtainable with respect to hardened and protected internal landlines , the type of landline that carries much high - priority , secret command and control communications .
Undersea cables are most vulnerable since the messages transmitted by them are then transmitted by microwave relay once the cable reaches land .
A tremendous volume of communications is sent via satellite systems .
Domestic and international telephone messages , and military and business communications are among those regularly transmitted via satellite using ultra , very , super , and extremely high frequencies ( UHF , VHF , SHF and EHF ) .
Thus , the United States has established major programs for the interception of Soviet and international commercial satellite messages .
By locating satellite dishes at the proper locations , an enormous volume of traffic can be intercepted .
Ground stations that send messages to satellites have antennas that direct the signals to the satellite with great accuracy ; satellite antennas , on the other hand , are smaller and the signals they send back to earth are less narrowly focused -- perhaps covering several thousand square miles .
6
Often , communications that are transmitted through part of their path by satellite are sent via microwave towers through the rest of their path .
In other cases , particularly telephone calls within a country , microwave towers serve as the entire means of transmission and reception .
For example , in Canada , the majority of telephone calls are transmitted via microwave .
As one observer has written with regard to microwave relay towers :
With modern communications , " target " messages travel not simply over individually tappable wires like those that connect the ordinary telephone , but as part of entire message streams , which can contain up to 970 individual message circuits , and have voice , telegram , telex and high speed data bunched together .
7
Microwave signals can be intercepted by two means - - ( 1 ) ground stations near the invisible line connecting the two microwave towers , or ( 2 ) by space collection systems , if the area of transmission is within the footprint of the system .
Radio is the most traditional means to transmit signals -- including communications , missile telemetry , and foreign instrumentation signals .
The accessibility of radio signals to interception will often depend on the frequencies upon which the signal is transmitted and the signal 's geographic location .
Messages transmitted at lower frequencies ( ELF , VLF , LF , HF ) travel for long distances since they bounce off the atmosphere and come down in locations far from the transmitting and
171
intended receiving locations .
On the other hand , data sent at higher frequencies will pass through the atmosphere and out into space .
To intercept such higher frequency signals , intercept stations must be within line of sight of the radio communications .
The curvature of the earth can therefore make monitoring from ground - based sites impossible .
Former CIA Deputy Director for Intelligence Sayre Stevens has written of the Soviet ballistic missile defense test center at Sary Shagan that :
It lies deeply enough within the USSR to make it difficult to monitor from peripheral intelligence - gathering sites along the border Because flight test operations at Sary Shagan can be conducted well below the radio - horizon from such external monitoring locations , the Soviet Union has been able to conceal the details of its activities at Sary Shagan for many years .
8
Under such conditions , geosynchronous space collection systems may be necessary to collect such signals .
Two additional methods of communication that are targets of interception operations are walkie - talkie and radio - telephone communications .
Walkie - talkie communications are employed during military exercises as well as during emergency situations such as Chernobyl .
Radio - telephone communications are used by government officials as they travel in their limousines .
Since walkie - talkie traffic , particularly in the Soviet Union and China , may occur over areas not accessible to ground stations , satellite interception may be required .
On the other hand , radio - telephone traffic is particularly large and significant in national capital areas , where embassy - based listening posts are often found .
Once intercepted , signals have to be processed .
If communications are sent without encipherment or scrambling , then the only processing needed may be translation .
Communications may be sent in the clear either because they are considered too low level to justify the time and expense for protection , or because the method of transmission ( e.g. , cable ) is believed immune to interception .
Electronic signals sent in the clear still need to be interpreted .
Thus , telemetry signals on all channels may be transmitted as numbers .
The variables being measured and the units of measurement must be inferred by correlating data on missile maneuvers with the intercepted telemetry .
For example , measurement may be made concerning different types of events : one - time events ( e.g. , the firing of explosive bolts or separation of RVs from the post - boost bus ) , discontinuous events ( e.g. , adjustments to the guidance system during flight ) , and continuous events ( e.g. , fuel flow , motor burn , or acceleration of the missile during the boost phase ) .
These events can be expressed in terms of absolute values , arbitrary values ( a one to ten scale ) , relative values ( percentages ) or inferential values .
It will not necessarily be evident what the particular characteristic to which an intercepted reading refers or the particular values used .
A fuel tank reading may be given as " 30 , " which could refer either to a tank that is 30 percent full or 30 percent empty .
The temperature in the rocket motor combustion chamber can be measured from the temperature of another part known to have a specific temperature relative to that in the chamber .
172
Communications or electronic signals may be either encrypted or scrambled , complicating the translation process .
Diplomatic communications are traditionally enciphered .
The sophistication of the encipherment and the quality of the operators determines whether such ciphers can be broken .
Conversations via radio and radiotelephone can be scrambled and unscrambled .
Non-communications signals may also be encrypted , as are a large portion of Soviet missile telemetry signals .
Interception of signals involves a massive effort , employing space and airborne collectors , ground stations , embassy listening posts , ships and submarines .
SPACE COLLECTION
The United States operates three basic types of satellite systems to collect foreign signals .
Since 1962 the United States has been operating low - earth orbiting satellites whose mission has been to intercept the signals emitted by Soviet , Chinese , and other nations ' air defense , ABM , and early - warning radars .
The satellites , known as " ferrets " in the popular literature , are actually referred to as " balls " within the U.S. intelligence community .
The first ferret was launched by a Thor - Agena B on May 15 , 1962 , into an orbit with a 190 - mile perigee and 392 - mile apogee .
Between the first launch and July 16 , 1971 , seventeen satellites of the initial type were launched , about one to three satellites being launched each year .
The inclination of the earlier ferrets was approximately eighty - two degrees , while the inclination of the later satellites was seventy - five degrees .
Likewise , the orbit changed after the first several launches to a more circular orbit , with about 300 miles separating the satellite from the earth .
Switches to new boosters in June 1963 and October 1968 may have indicated new generations of ferrets coming into operation .9
A second class of ferret satellites was put into operation beginning in August 1963 .
Unlike the first class , which were launched as the only payload on the rocket , the new class served as the secondary payload to imaging satellites .
As with the first class , elliptical orbits of 180 by 250 miles gave way to more circular orbits , in the vicinity of 300 miles above the earth.10 By 1972 , launches no longer placed just ferret satellites in orbit .
From 19.72 to the present only ferret subsatellites have been launched .
In general , the satellites were launched as the secondary payload on launches of the KH - 9 imaging satellite .
The final KH - 9 was orbited in 1984 .
If subsatellite launches are to continue once the presently operational ferrets expire , they will have to be piggybacked with a different primary payload .
It is possible that the KH - 11 satellite also has a ferret capability .
The exact number of ferrets within each class is not publicly known .
What is known is that the code names for the satellites have had a common theme -- they were all named after female sex symbols .
Two of the satellites operating in the late 1970s were code - named RAQUEL and FARRAH , while earlier satellites had been code - named BRIDGET and MARILYN.11
173
In addition to ferret satellites , the United States is presently using two or three types of geosynchronous satellites .
In the early 1970s the United States began operating a set of geosynchronous satellites which were given the code name RHYOLITE .
According to the most recent account , a total of five RHYOLITE spacecraft were placed into orbit , with one launch failure .
RHYOLITEs were launched on June 19 , 1970 , December 20 , 1972 ( a failure ) , March 6 , 1973 , May 23 , 1977 , December 11 , 1977 , and April 7 , 1978 ; all were launched from Cape Canaveral , Florida using an Atlas - Agena D booster .
12
By the time the fourth satellite was in orbit , a two - station arrangement had emerged .
Two of the satellites apparently were stationed near the Horn of Africa , at 45 degrees east , to receive telemetry signals transmitted from liquid - fueled ICBMs launched from Tyuratam in a northeasterly direction toward the Kamchatka Peninsula impact zone .
Another two spacecraft were stationed farther east , over Borneo , at 115 degrees east , to monitor Soviet solid - propellant missiles such as the SS - 16 and the SS - 20 IRBM , launched from the Soviet Union 's northern space launch facility at Plesetsk .
13
The respective satellite footprints provided coverage of almost all the USSR and Africa , Europe , Asia , and the Middle East .
In addition to the telemetry signals from Soviet and Chinese missile tests , RHYOLITE satellites reportedly also engaged in a variety of COMINT activities .
The satellites apparently were used to intercept Soviet and Chinese telephone and radio communications across the VHF , UHF , and microwave frequency bands .
Robert Lindsey has written that the satellites " could monitor Communist microwave radio and long - distance telephone traffic over much of the European landmass , eavesdropping on a Soviet commissar in Moscow talking to his mistress in Yalta or on a general talking to his lieutenants across the great continent .
"
14
Walkie - talkie traffic generated by Soviet military exercises , which fall in the VHF - UHF range , also were regularly monitored by RHYOLITE satellites .
Beyond the Soviet Union , RHYOLITE satellites intercepted communications from China , Vietnam , Indonesia , Pakistan , and Lebanon.15
The RHYOLITE project was described by former CIA official Victor Marchetti as
a very interesting project , a very much advanced project in terms of technology , and a very desirable project because getting information of the type that we wanted and needed on Soviet ICBM testing , antiballistic missile programs , anti-satellite programs , and the like , much of this activity of course takes place in eastern Siberia and central Asia , getting information on the Chinese ICBM program .16
The RHYOLITE program suffered a serious setback in 1975 when a TRW employee , Christopher Boyce , and his boyhood friend , Andrew Daulton Lee , sold the KGB technical details about RHYOLITE .
In accordance with standard security practice , the NRO changed RHYOLITE 's code name to AQUACADE.17
At this time it is probable that none of the compromised satellites are operational .
The first satellite of a follow - on generation , code - named MAGNUM , was launched from the space shuttle Discovery on January 25 , 1985 .
The satellite is
174
reported to have two huge parabolic antennas , one of which is intended to intercept communications and telemetry signals .
According to one account , MAGNUM is stationed over the western Soviet Union and its second antenna is to be used to relay the intercepted data to another satellite ( possibly the SDS ) for transmission to the Pine Gap , Australia ground control station .
18 MAGNUM may , in fact , be stationed over Borneo , in which case its second antenna would transmit the data directly to Pine Gap .
Exactly how much MAGNUM is an improvement over RHYOLITE / AQUACADE is not known publicly .
One possibility is that MAGNUM will be able to pick up lower powered signals than RHYOLITE , such as " turned - down " telemetry .
MAGNUM 's increased power might come from bigger antennas , and the satellite 's potential is suggested by a project being undertaken for the NASA by Lockheed 's Missile and Space Company .
The project involves unfurling an antenna in space from the space shuttle 's cargo bay .
The antenna , resembling an umbrella , will be nearly twice the size of a football field , and so sensitive to low - powered signals from earth that it would pick up broadcasts from radios the size of a wristwatch .19
In addition , MAGNUM may have some stealth or spoofing capabilities that make it harder for the Soviet Union to find and jam its signals -- as has been alleged they were doing to AQUACADE in recent years .
In 1984 , Richard Perle , Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Policy charged in testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee that the USSR had begun jamming telemetry - monitoring satellites to prevent collection of even the encrypted data .
The jamming was alleged to be electronically precise , to have begun sometime after the Soviets shot down Korean Airlines Flight 007 in 1983 , and to occur only during missile testing .
The distinctive visual and radar image of MAGNUM will ordinarily allow the Soviets to know its location and mission .
20 Hence , some sort of stealth technology would be required to hide the satellite from Soviet detection .
On June 10 , 1978 , the first of another class of geosynchronous SIGINT satellites was launched .
Originally code - named CHALET , it was renamed VORTEX after its original code name was revealed in the press .21
VORTEX 's original mission was strictly COMINT - related .
However , after the loss of Iranian ground stations and the discovery of the sale of RHYOLITE documents to the KGB , VORTEX was modified to intercept Soviet telemetry .
The first modified VORTEX was launched on October 1 , 1979 ; subsequent launches occurred on October 31 , 1981 and in 1984.22
The primary targets of VORTEX are in the Soviet Union .
At the height of VORTEX operations at least three VORTEX satellites were operational .
One covered Eastern Europe and the Western USSR , the other the central USSR , and the third the eastern portion of the Soviet Union , as well as non-Soviet targets in their footprints .
During the Chernobyl incident the VORTEX responsible for monitoring the western USSR was employed to intercept all communications within several hundred miles of the accident site , including those of the military , party , government and security forces .
175
Unlike AQUACADE , MAGNUM , or VORTEX , the other class of SIGINT satellites are neither in geosynchronous orbit nor are launched from Cape Canaveral .
Rather , this class -- known as JUMPSEAT -- has been launched into sixty - three - degree inclined , highly elliptical orbits ( 200 by 24,000 miles ) with Titan 3B - Agena D boosters from Vandenberg AFB , California .
Approximately four JUMPSEATs have been launched since the first launch on March 5 , 1975 .
In its highly elliptical orbit , JUMPSEAT " hovers " over the Soviet Union for eight to nine hours at a time .
Its primary mission is to monitor Soviet ABM radars .23
There appears to be several new generations of SIGINT satellites in development , probably including JUMPSEAT and VORTEX follow - ons .
One of those satellites will monitor Soviet laser activities .
Satellite operations are supported by a worldwide network of ground control stations , stations that conduct housekeeping operations as well as receive information from the satellites .
A key element in the network is the HQ Consolidated Space Test Center ( HQ CSTC ) , formerly the Air Force Satellite Control Facility at Onizuka AFS ( Sunnyvale ) .
The HQ CSTC has ground stations across the globe -- Vandenberg AFB ; New Boston , New Hampshire ; Kaena Point , Hawaii ; Thule ( AB ) , Greenland ; Mahe , the Seychelles ; Andersen AFB , Guam ; Oakhanger , England .
The stations perform basic housekeeping functions -- communicating commands to the satellites , altering orbits , checking the equipment on board .
The stations also receive ELINT data from the JUMPSEAT and ferret satellites .
24
In addition to the HQ CSTC , several more specialized stations exist to control and receive signals from SIGINT satellites .
Ft. Meade ( NSA headquarters ) is itself able to receive data from the satellites , but three overseas ground stations are backbone of the network : Pine Gap , Australia ; Menwith Hill , United Kingdom ; and Bad Aibling , Germany.25
RHYOLITE / AQUACADE and MAGNUM satellites have been controlled since the beginning of their respective programs from a facility in Alice Springs , Australia , commonly known as Pine Gap .
Officially , the facility is the Joint Defence Space Research Facility and is code - named MERINO .
The facility consists of seven large radomes , a huge computer room , and about twenty other support buildings .
The radomes ( which resemble golf balls with one end sliced off and then mounted on a pedestal ) are made of Perspex and mounted on a concrete structure .
The radomes are intended to protect the enclosed antennas against dust , wind , and rain and to hide some of the operational elements of the antennas from unfriendly observation , such as from Soviet imaging satellites .
26
The first two radomes at Pine Gap were installed in 1968 and remain the facility 's largest .
The first appears to be about 100 feet in diameter and the second about 70 feet in diameter .
They now form the western line of the antenna complex .
The third and fourth radomes were fully installed by mid-1969 .
The third radome is about 55 feet in diameter and some 196 feet east of the largest radome , while the fourth is under 20 feet in diameter and just north of the second radome .
In 1973 the antenna originally installed inside the third radome was dismantled and replaced by a thirty - three - foot communications terminal .
The fifth radome is less than forty
176
feet in diameter and was installed in 1971 .
The sixth dish is about the same size as the fifth and was installed in 1977 .
The seventh radome , which was built in 1980 , houses a second communications terminal .27
On the northern edge of the complex is a high - frequency antenna that provides a direct communications link with Clark AB in the Philippines .
It is the only non-satellite communications system linking Pine Gap with terminals outside Australia , and before installation of the 1973 antenna was the primary communications link between Pine Gap and the United States .28
Originally , the main computer room was about 210 feet square , but it was expanded twice in the 1970s to its present size , about 60,000 square feet .
Its immense size requires that operators at each end of the room communicate with each other via headphones .
The room is divided into three principal sections .
The Station Keeping Section is responsible for maintaining the satellites in geosynchronous orbit and for correctly aligning them towards targets of interest .
The Signals Processing Office receives the signals transmitted from the satellites and transforms them into a form that can be used by the analysts .
The Signals Analysis Section is staffed solely by CIA personnel -- no Australian citizens or contractor personnel are included .
Many individuals in the section are linguists who monitor the voice intercepts .
29
As of January 1986 , there were 557 people employed at Pine Gap -- 273 Australians and 284 Americans .
While in theory Pine Gap is a joint facility , the 50 - 50 relationship holds only with respect to the gross number of personnel .
This relationship is achieved by counting Australian housemaids , cooks , and gardeners who work at the base as " equal " to the CIA personnel who conduct the actual operations .
30
The two other major control stations for SIGINT satellites are located in Europe - - Bad Aibling and Menwith Hill .
Information received at either location can be transmitted directly via DSCS satellite to Ft. Meade .31
AIRBORNE COLLECTION
At present , the single most important airborne platform involved in the collection of signals intelligence is the RC - 135 , of which there have been twelve versions .
The first RC - 135 , a RC - 135B , entered the SAC reconnaissance inventory in December 1965 .
This began the replacement of thirty obsolescent RB - 47Hs and ERB - 47 Hs that were then " performing the ELINT portion of the Global Peacetime Airborne Reconnaissance Program . "
32
At present there are eighteen RC - 135s in the U.S. inventory .
Fourteen are modernized RC - 135V and RC - 135M ( RIVET CARD ) models , code - named RIVET JOINT ( Block III ) .
These and the other models of the RC - 135 have an overall length of 129 feet , a wingspan of 131 feet , and an overall height of 42 feet .
At its operational altitude , 34,990 feet , it cruises at 460 miles per hour .33
RIVET JOINT planes fly their missions ( known as BURNING WIND missions ) from bases in Alaska ( Eielson AFB ) , Nebraska ( Offutt AFB ) , Panama ( Howard AB ) , England ( RAF Mildenhall ) , Greece ( Hellenikon AB ) , and Japan ( Kadena AB ,
177
Okinawa ) .
RIVET JOINT / BURNING WIND missions average about seventy flights a month in Western Europe and the Far East and about twelve a month in Central America .34
The RC - 135V carries a crew of seventeen and flies at 35,000 feet for up to ten hours before it requires refueling .
Its COMINT capability can be expanded from a minimum of six positions to thirteen depending on the requirements of the mission .
The RIVET JOINT - ELINT system is comprised of three collection positions -- an Automatic ELINT Emitter Location System position supplemented by two manual operator positions .
From Alaska the aircraft can patrol along the Kamchatka and Chukotski peninsulas , intercepting short - range tactical signals from Soviet naval and ground forces .
The Japanese - based RC - 135s patrol along the coasts of Vietnam , China , North Vietnam , and the USSR , including the Sea of Okhotsk.35
British - based RIVET JOINT planes fly along the Baltic Sea , and over the Barents Sea just off the Kola Peninsula , possibly intercepting signals from the three naval bases in the Murmansk area or the Severodvinsk submarine construction yard .
The pilots are under orders not to get within 40 nautical miles of the Soviet coastline , and generally loiter 100 miles or more out over the Barents Sea until they intercept signals of interest .
The planes based at Hellenikon have Libya , Egypt , Israel , and Syria and to a lesser extent the USSR among their targets .
Planes from Hellenikon periodically deploy to Saudi Arabia to operate against Iraq and Iran .
In the past they have also deployed to Egypt and the Sudan .36
From Eielson AFB , RIVET JOINT / BURNING WIND missions target the Soviet Far East .
The missions proceed around the southern tip of Kamchatka and into the Sea of Okhotsk , a projected deployment area for Soviet missile submarines .
If not assigned to patrol the Sea of Okhotsk , they slide down the coast toward Sakhalin Island .
The missions monitor the alert status of Soviet air squadrons on Sakhalin as well as Soviet Air Force exercises .
In the latter case the planes track Soviet fighters in flight .37
RIVET JOINT / BURNING WIND missions flown from Nebraska and Panama are directed against Spanish and Russian - language targets in Cuba and Central America .
Central American flights have been conducted in support of the El Salvador military and the contra rebels .
38
The remaining four RC - 135 aircraft are evenly divided between the RC - 135U and RC - 135S models .
The RC - 135Us ( modified RC - 135Cs ) bear the nickname COMBAT SENT .
COMBAT SENT missions are flown along the periphery of the Soviet Union and other Warsaw Pact countries , with specific routes , tactics , and even aircraft configurations varying with the tasking requirements .
39
As with the RIVET JOINT planes , the COMBAT SENT aircraft fly at 35,000 feet and can fly for ten hours without refueling if necessary .
Among their targets have been Soviet ODD PAIR , SIDE NET , and TOP STEER radar systems .
The primary sensor for COMBAT SENT planes is the Precision Power Measurement System , which determines the absolute power , pattern , and polarization of selected target emitters .
In addition there is a high - resolution camera and television and radar sensors in the tail that are used when the occasion permits .
One of the
178
COMBAT SENT planes is equipped with a system known as COMPASS ERA , a system containing infrared thermal imaging , interferometer - spectrometer , and spectral radiometer sensors .
40
The RC - 135S planes , based at Eielson AFB , Alaska and operating on occasion from Shemya , are nicknamed COBRA BALL and are the result of a late 1960s modification of two C - 135 Bs .
The missions they conduct , known as BURNING STAR missions , involve the monitoring of the reentry phase of Soviet and Chinese ICBM , SLBM ( submarine launched ballistic missile ) , and IRBM ( intermediate range ballistic missile ) research and development tests .
The reentry phase of Soviet ICBM tests from Plesetsk and Tyuratam takes place either at Kamchatka Peninsula or into the expanses of the Pacific .
For example .
in 1974 , three Soviet ICBM - test reentry phases occurred in the Pacific .
In 1987 one test concluded in the vicinity of Hawaii .41
Because COBRA BALL missions are dictated by Soviet decisions to conduct missile tests , missions cannot be planned on any regular basis .
Only some of these tests -- specifically , multiple tests or those tests with reentry phases outside Soviet territory -- need to be announced in advance .
Thus , the COBRA BALL aircraft must be ready to fly on a moment 's notice , in response to notification by the Defense Special Missile and Astronautics Center ( DEFSMAC ) that a Soviet test is about to occur .
Immediate launches are " announced by the sounding of a Klaxon horn " at Eielson .42
The planes operate at 35,000 feet and up to ten hours unrefueled and eighteen hours refueled .
Each COBRA BALL carries three sensor systems -- one ELINT system and two photographic systems .
The ELINT system is the Advanced Telemetry System ( ATS ) , which automatically searches a portion of the frequency band and makes a digital record of all signals present .
The operator of the ATS system allocates its collection resources to Soviet reentry vehicle links and records all telemetry detected .
43
The Ballistic Framing Camera System images all the objects of interest in the reentry phase , while the Medium Resolution Camera ( MRC ) System photographs individual reentry vehicles .
44
The images produced by the MRC System are used to determine the reentry vehicle size .
In turn , size estimates are used to produce estimates of the explosive yield of the warheads .
During its orbit the RC - 135S records and cross-checks its position coordinates at least once every twenty minutes .
It is also called on to provide a variety of information -- including air speed , altitude , estimated time of arrival , orbit point , adjustments in timing or track , track length ( in minutes ) , the status of the equipment , wind direction , and time remaining on the track .
45
As a supplement to the COBRA BALL aircraft , the NSA and the SAC have employed another version of the C - 135 to collect intelligence during Soviet missile tests .
This variant is the EC - 135N , a plane with a ten - foot radome built into its nose .
This " droop snoot " radome carries an antenna seven feet in diameter that allows the eight - person crew to intercept voice communications , plus telemetered or radioed data on speed , temperature , and other characteristics of the object being
179
tracked .
The plane also has a probe antenna on each wingtip for high - frequency radio transmission and reception , and high - frequency trailing wire beneath the fuselage .
46
The EC - 135N has had , as its primary mission , tracking U.S. missiles during flight tests as well as keeping tabs on unmanned satellites .
They perform these missions , according to the Air Force , " over land where tracking stations are limited by geographical constraints and over water where ships cannot move quickly enough to cover different portions during launch .
" 47 However , as a secondary mission , the EC - 135Ns -- known as Advanced Range Instrumentation Aircraft or ARIAs -- have been used to monitor the end phase of Soviet missile tests , flying opposite Siberia or over the Pacific .
The EC - 135Ns have been augmented by a new set of ARIA aircraft , which resulted in an increase in 1985 flying time of 300 percent .
Three EC - 135Ns have been equipped with new engines .
They have been redesignated EC - 135Es and will continue to be part of the ARIA program through the late 1990s .
The replacement aircraft are EC - 18B -- American Airlines 707-313 -- modified into the ARIA configuration by the Air Force System Command 's Aeronautical Systems Division .
The first two EC - 18 Bs became operational in 1985 , and by 1988 all four were in operation .
48
Much of the equipment on the EC - 18B airplanes will be recycled from the retired EC - 135Ns .
The recycled equipment includes radomes , antennas , and on - board mission equipment such as receivers , data processors , and recorders .
Additions to the internal portion of the craft include a navigation station , a new flight director , a modified electrical system , and an improved environmental control system .49
Additions to the forward portion of the aircraft include a large , drooped radome housing the seven - foot steerable antenna , high - frequency ( HF ) probe antennas on each wingtip , and a trailing wire , HF antenna on the bottom of the fuselage .
Antennas for post- mission data transmission and satellite transmission also have been added .
As with the EC - 135Ns , the EC - 18Bs will have as their primary mission monitoring U.S. space and missile launches , including unmanned space launches , cruise and ballistic missiles tests , and space shuttle launches .50
Also employed for signals intelligence purposes are eight EC - 130 aircraft , which are flown by the U.S. Air National Guard 's 193rd Tactical Electronic Combat Group ( headquartered at Harrisburg International Airport , Pennsylvania ) .
The planes are deployed to Central America to fly missions against rebel targets in El Salvador and government targets in Nicaragua .51
Also employed for SIGINT collection are the SR - 71 , U - 2 , and TR - I .
In its SIGINT role , the SR - 71 is used to fly " peripheral intelligence missions .
. . to pinpoint locations and characteristics of potentially hostile signal emitters .
" 52 Thus , the SR - 71s SIGINT role continues the peripheral electronic reconnaissance that has been part of U.S. intelligence activities since the late 1940s .
The SR - 71 apparently also continues the tradition of inducing the Soviet air defense system to " turn on " critical radar systems .
The Commander of the Strategic Air Command in 1978 ,
180
speaking of the SR - 71 and RC - 135 , stated that " it is possible to operate these systems in a way that tells us things we want to know .
This can't be done with satellites .
"
53
There are three SIGINT collection systems designed for the U - 2 / TR - I : SENIOR RUBY , SENIOR STRETCH , and SENIOR SPEAR .
SENIOR RUBY is a near real - time ELINT collection , processing , and reporting system that provides information ( including type and location ) on radar emitters within line of sight of the U2 - R .
The SENIOR RUBY system can handle a large number of emitters simultaneously and send its data to a Ground Control Processor that is colocated with the Transportable Ground Intercept Facility ( TGIF ) , used in conjunction with realtime U - 2 missions .
54
SENIOR STRETCH is a near real - time COMINT collection , processing , and reporting system .
The airborne receiver subsystem consists of a multi-channel microwave receiver , remotely controlled via satellite link from the Remote Operations Facility , Airborne ( ROFA ) at Ft. Meade .
The data collected is transmitted via DSCS satellite back to the ROFA.55
SENIOR SPEAR is also a near real - time collection , processing , and reporting system that provides a line - of - sight collection capability - - out to 300 nm - - from the aircraft .
Under development , as of 1983 , was SENIOR SPAN .
SENIOR SPAN to be installed in the U - 2 R , is a near real - time SIGINT collection , processing and reporting system -- with the airborne receiver subsystem consisting of HF , VHF , UHF , and microwave receivers .
The receiver is remotely controlled via a satellite from the ROFA or a TGIF , with the collected data transmitted via satellite back to the control site .
56
U -2/TR -I missions are flown from several bases against a variety of targets .
From Patrick AFB , Florida , Detachment 5 of the 99th Strategic Reconnaissance
Wing flies SENIOR JUMP U - 2Rs in collection missions against Cuba and Central America .
The main Cuban targets are Cuban army , air force , and navy communications , with the intercepts being transmitted to Key West Naval Air Station , Florida .
Data collected during Central American missions has been downlinked to installations in Honduras at Tiger Island or Cerro la Mole.57
SENIOR STRETCH U - 2 Rs fly from RAF Akrotiri ( Operating Location OLIVE HARVEST ) to intercept signals from several Middle Eastern states .
The data are then uplinked to DSCS satellites for transmission to the ROFA .
From Osan AB , South Korea , SENIOR SPEAR U - 2Rs fly OLYMPIC GAME missions against the communications of Chinese and North Korean activities , with the intercepted communications being downlinked to an Electronic Security Command unit at Osan.58
TR-I/ CREEK SPECTRE aircraft conduct COMINT / ELINT missions from RAF Alconbury , United Kingdom during missions along the border with East Germany and Czechoslovakia .
The data are downlinked to an ESC unit in West Germany .
59
Two additional airborne SIGINT systems are Army systems : GUARDRAIL V and Improved GUARDRAIL V. GUARDRAIL is a remotely controlled airborne and ground - based intercept and radio - direction finding system , designed to exploit HF - VHF - UHF voice communications , mounted on RU - 21H / GUARDRAIL V and RC - 12D ( Improved Guardrail V ) aircraft .
Both aircraft operate at between 10,000
181
and 20,000 feet , and can spend up to four hours on station .
The RC - 12D aircraft allow a wider range of frequencies to be targeted for intercept or DF ( direction finding ) purposes .
The targets of both sets of aircraft include mobile forces , missile units , aviation elements , air defense units , and artillery regiments .
Each system consists of six aircraft -- two RU - 21Hs and four RC - 12Ds.60
GROUND STATIONS
Beginning in the late 1940s , the United States began establishing ground stations to monitor the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe .
This network changed composition over the years and has grown to include stations directed against China , Vietnam , North Korea , the Middle East , Central America , and other areas .
Today , the network , largely run by the NSA , comprises approximately sixty stations in twenty countries .
Included are heavily manned stations ( employing about 30,000 personnel ) and unmanned locations whose " take " is remoted to other locations and then to Ft. Meade .
In addition , several radar stations , operated by the Air Force Space Command , are involved in detecting and tracking Soviet missile tests and space launches .
The stations collectively conduct intercept operations across the VHF - UHF - HF bands .
Approximately thirty stations collect HF , strategic COMINT while others focus on VHF - UHF tactical communications .
Other stations target various forms of electronic emanations .
The biggest and most important set of stations remain those directed at the Soviet Union and Warsaw Pact countries .
Several facilities in Alaska are among those monitoring the Soviet Union .
At Shemya Island , Alaska -- which is approximately 400 miles across the Bering Sea from the Soviet eastern seaboard -- is the Anders facility .
Run by the Bendix Field Engineering Corporation for the NSA , the facility 's Pusher HF antenna monitors Soviet communications in the Far East .
61
Also located on Shemya is the COBRA DANE phased - array radar .
The primary purpose of COBRA DANE is " to acquire precise radar metric and signature data on developing Soviet ballistic missile weapons systems for weapons system characterization determination .
The Soviet developmental test to Kamchatka and the Pacific Ocean provided the United States with the primary source for collection of these data early in the Soviet developmental programs . "
Secondary missions are early warning and tracking of space objects .
62
The COBRA DANE system consists of a AN / FPS - 108 radar facility , measuring 87 by 107 feet at its base and approximately six stories or 100 feet in height , plus an attached one - story Precision Measurement Equipment Laboratory ( PMEL ) measuring 87 square feet .
Both structures are located on a 230 - foot - high bluff in the northwestern section of Shemya , where it overlooks the Bering Sea.63
The most important characteristic of COBRA DANE is that it is a phased - array radar .
To an observer depending only on eyes or using binoculars , a phased - array radar is simply a dormant structure , sort of an electronic pyramid .
This is in sharp contrast to the older , more traditional radar dish " sweeping its beam of microwave
182
radiation along the horizon in search of distant objects . ''
Rather , COBRA DANE consists of 15,360 radiating elements occupying ninety - five feet in diameter on the radar 's face .
Each element emits a signal that travels in all directions .
When the signals are emitted at the same time , only targets in the immediate vicinity of the array 's perpendicular axis are detectable .
However , by successively delaying by a fraction of a wavelength , one can " steer " the beam to detect objects away from the perpendicular axis .
64
COBRA DANE , which achieved initial operating capability on July 13 , 1977 can detect ( with a 99 percent probability ) and track a basketball - sized object at a range of 2,000 miles with a 120 - degree field of view extending from the northern half of Sakhalin Island to just short of the easternmost tip of the Soviet Union nearing the Bering Strait .
However , its ability to provide information on the size and shape is available only over a forty - four - degree range centered on the upper portion of Kamchatka , as indicated in Figure 8 - 1. COBRA DANE can simultaneously track up to 100 warheads when operating in an intelligence collection mode .
It can also be employed for early warning and space surveillance ; in those modes it can track up to 300 incoming warheads and up to 200 satellites .
65
[ Map showing Shemya Island base , western Alaska and eastern USSR omitted ]
Figure 8 - 1. Range of COBRA DANE Coverage .
183
The major limitation of COBRA DANE is that the final , near earth trajectory of Soviet reentry vehicles is not visible due to the line - of - sight constraints imposed by the curvature of the earth .
66
Elmendorf AFB , located in Anchorage , is home of Naval Security Group Command and Electronic Security Command contingents , and an AN / FLR - 9 " Elephant Cage " antenna .
The AN / FLR - 9 consists of three circular arrays , each made up of antenna elements around a circular reflecting screen .
In the middle of the triple array is a central building , which contains the electronic equipment that forms the directional beams for monitoring and direction finding .
The entire system is about 900 feet in diameter .
The ESC contingent monitors USSR - Far Eastern military activity through voice , Morse Code , and printer intercepts .
67
Also targeted on the Soviet Far East is a major base at Misawa AB in Japan .
Four miles northwest of Misawa is the " Hill . "
On the hill is a 100 - foot AN / FLR - 9 antenna system .
The base and its antenna lie at the northern tip of Honshu Island , about 500 miles west of Vladivostok and 400 miles south of Sakhalin Island .
Misawa 's importance is testified to by the presence of representatives of all four services ' cryptological authorities .
There is a 900 - person detachment from the Electronic Security Command , a 700 - person detachment from the Naval Security Group Command , 200 representatives of the Army 's Intelligence and Security Command , and 80 representatives of Company E , Marine Support Batallion.68
According to one account , Misawa 's AN / FLR - 9 " can pick up a Russian television broadcast in Sakhalin or an exchange of insults between Chinese and Soviet soldiers on the Sino - Soviet border .
" 69 The INSCOM contingent focuses its attention on Soviet army and General Staff activity , as well as on Afghanistan .
The NSGC contingent monitored the Soviet Navy 's search and rescue activity after the Soviets shot down Korean Airlines Flight 007 in 1983.70
Misawa is also the site of Project LADYLOVE , which involves the interception of the communications transmitted via several Soviet satellite systems -- Molniya , Raduga , and Gorizont .71
Also involved in the satellite communications interception project are three additional stations , all run by the NSA .
Rosman Research Station was transferred from the NASA to the Department of Defense on February 1 , 1981 for use as a " Communications Research Station " and became operational on July 1 , 1985 with 250 employees .
At present it has four satellite dishes pointed straight up and four in radomes .
Also involved is the NSA 's Menwith Hill station , located eight miles west of Harrogate in Yorkshire , England .
The 562 - acre station consists of a large array of satellite tracking aerials .
Under Project MOONPENNY , a variety of Soviet satellite communications are intercepted by Menwith Hill 's antennas .
In addition , Menwith Hill is also the home of Project SILKWORTH , a high - frequency , wideband communications interception program .
Finally , the Bad Aibling station in Germany represents the fourth component of the satellite communications ( SATCOM ) intercept project .72
Another station located in the United Kingdom that is heavily involved in the interception of Soviet communications is RAF Chicksands , near Bedford , home
184
of an 800 - person ESC contingent .
Among the Soviet communications targeted are those of the air defense network .73
Over the years , the Chicksands mission has expanded to also focus on the military and diplomatic signals of Western European nations , particularly France .
Inside the Chicksands facility are rooms and compartments with interception and direction finding allocated to different mission targets .
Signs used to hang above the heads of coordinating " mission supervisors " which included , in the early 1970s , " France , " " Czechoslovakia , " and " Civil Navigation . "
On each of 3 daily shifts , over 100 operators staff interception positions .
With over 1,750 military staff alone , Chicksands is the USAF 's largest non-flying base in Britain.74
Outside of Britain , important European ground stations involved in the monitoring of Soviet Bloc activities are located in Italy , Germany , and Turkey .
At San Vito dei Normanni , Italy is a 700 - person contingent of the Electronic Security Command .
Employing the AN / FLR - 9 , the unit intercepts selected Soviet , East European , and Middle East communications.75
In Turkey there are two important facilities , one run by the NSA and its SCAs the other by the Air Force Space Command .
Sinop , nicknamed " Diogenes Station , " began operating in the mid-19SOs and is now home to the 290 - person Army Field Station Sinop and the 97 - person Naval Security Group Activity Sinop .
Sinop is a fishing port and farm center with a population of just over 18,000 persons .
The station is 2 miles west of the town and is a 300 - acre facility on a bleak 700 - foot hill at the end of a peninsula .
The INSCOM contingent and Turkish civilians at the base are involved in monitoring Soviet activity in the Black Sea area as well as Soviet missile testing activities .
A major aspect of monitoring Soviet missile telemetry from Sinop is the interception of electronic emanations and telemetry connected with Soviet missile and space rocket launches from Kapustin Yar and other locations in the southern USSR .
The monitoring of Soviet air activity can be a rather " boring job .
. . a morse operator , for instance , just sits there in front of a radio receiver with headphones , and a typewriter copying morse signals .
"
76
The single most important U.S. intelligence facility in Turkey is the one at Pirinclik Air Base , a satellite operation of Diyarbakir Air Station .
Located on a rocky plateau in southeastern Turkey , Pirinclik had its operations suspended from 1974 to 1978 .
During that time U.S. housekeeping personnel rotated one radar dish to prevent roller - bearing damage while the Turks locked up a key piece of radar equipment to make sure the radar was inoperative .
77
The base resumed operations on November 3 , 1979 , with its 2 radar antenna fixed permanently toward the northeast , where the Soviet border lies 180 miles away .
The electronic beams of the radar operate through a natural " duct " in the mountains around the plateau , picking up Soviet missiles and space launches as they rise above the horizon .
An AN / FPS - 17 detection radar is used which can detect an object 1 meter in diameter up to 5,000 miles away .
After the AN / FPS - 17 indicates that a missile launch or space shot has taken place , the AN / FPS - 79 " swings its white , round face in a noiseless arc in the same direction , ready to track missiles along their course .
"
78
185
The radars are operated largely by civilian technicians from the contractor , General Electric .
In addition to the 70 contractor personnel there are about 145 Air Force personnel , mostly enlisted personnel .
Few of them are permitted in the top - secret radar control rooms .
Rather , they are more likely to operate the communications facilities that transmit the data via DSCS satellite to Washington.79
As might be expected , Germany is home for several strategic and tactical SIGINT stations targeted on the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe .
The two most important are located at Augsburg and Bad Aibling .
Augsburg hosts units from INSCOM ( Field Station Augsburg ) , the Electronic Security Command , and the Naval Security Group Command .
With 1,814 personnel , Augsburg covers selected communications in East Germany , Poland , Czechoslovakia , Hungary , and the western USSR , employing an AN / FLR - 9 antenna.80
As already noted , the Bad Aibling station serves as a downlink for satellite SIGINT data and as part of a four - station network involved in intercepting Soviet satellite communications .
In addition , Bad Aibling has two other functions .
Employing Rhombic and Pusher antennas , the Bad Aibling station conducts HFDF ( high - frequency , direction finding ) and communications intercept coverage of Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union , in support of Augsburg .
It also serves as the initial reception site for data from two unmanned locations on Cyprus and Oman .
The Cyprus stations consists of a Pusher HF antenna set up by the NSA at the Episkopi Sovereign Base Area to cover targets in the Middle East and southern USSR .
The Abut Sovereign Base Area , home for a British SIGINT operation , is also home for NSA equipment that monitors military activity in the Near East and the southern USSR.81
A second set of stations are directed primarily against the activities of Asian Communist nations .
The major targets are the PRC , Vietnam , and Korea , with Cambodia and Laos being secondary targets .
The two stations farthest from their targets are at Clark AB in the Philippines and Kunia , Hawaii .
Clark AB is host to an AN / FLR - 9 antenna and a 180 - person contingent of the Electronic Security Command which intercepts a variety of Vietnamese and Chinese communications , both air and ground based , as well as diplomatic communications .
82
Kunia is host to the NSA - run " Defense Research Facility , " INSCOM ( Field Station Kunia ) , NSGC , and ESC contingents .
Kunia serves as the NSA 's B - Group Remote Operations Facility , receiving data from two remote facilities at Taegu , South Korea and Khon Kean , Thailand .
The Khon Kean facility was apparently set up in the fall of 1979 .
The absence of such a facility apparently resulted in a shortfall of intelligence during the Chinese - Vietnam War earlier that year .
83
The Taegu facility , run for the NSA by the Bendix Field Engineering Group , is equipped with a Pusher HF antenna and targeted against communications in China , North Korea , and Vietnam .84
Located at Pyong ' Taek , Korea is U.S. Army Field Station , Korea ( also known as Zoeckler Station ) , with a 304 - person contingent and three operating locations :
186
Detachment J ( at Koryo - Son Mountain on the island of Kangwna ) , Detachment K ( at Kanak - San Mountain , six miles from the demilitarized zone ) , and Detachment L ( on Yawol - San Mountain , within 1,500 meters of the DMZ ) .
Collectively , the installations focus on a variety of North Korean COMINT and ELINT targets .
85
A third set of ground stations are those targeted on the Middle East and North Africa , Latin America , and international satellite traffic .
Among the stations with Middle East intercept functions is the previously mentioned San Vito facility , which in addition to its Soviet Bloc intercept mission is responsible for the interception of diplomatic messages in the Mediterranean , South European , and North African regions .
In addition , the remote facility at Episkopi Sovereign Base Area , Cyprus covers targets in the Middle East in addition to the southern USSR .
Finally , a 400 - person contingent of the ESC is stationed at Iraklion , Greece and engages in the interception of Arabic language communications originating from countries in North Africa and the Middle East .
86
The Iraklion station employs a rhombic / dipole antenna field to conduct its intercept operations .
A rhombic array is a highly directional antenna system .
Each element or antenna of that array consists of a wire several feet off the ground and attached to four posts spaced in the shape of a diamond , each side being approximately ten feet long .
At one end the wire is connected to a coaxial cable that runs underground to a centrally located operations building .
The entire array consists of between thirty and forty structures over several hundred acres.87
Latin America , and particularly Central America , has obviously become a target of increased importance .
At Lackland AFB , Medina Annex , San Antonio is a 272 person contingent from INSCOM ( U.S. Army Field Station , San Antonio ) and one from the ESC which receive intercepted , Spanish language communications remoted from Tiger Island and Cerro la Mole in Honduras .
Homestead AFB , Florida is the headquarters of Naval Security Group Activity Homestead , with its main operations center at Card Sound ( known as Site Alpha or Seminole Station ) , which engages in the monitoring of Cuban military communications as well as Soviet activity in Cuba .
It also monitors all communications involving Cuban and Soviet air activity originating in or destined for Cuba .
Intercept operations are conducted using an AN / FRD - 10 antenna system .
Also targeted on Cuba are the antennas of the U.S. Army Field Station , Key West.88
Outside of the continental United States , two stations on U.S. territory contribute to SIGINT operations directed against Latin America .
At Guantanamo Bay , Cuba are more than 100 members of the Guantanamo Naval Security Group Activity .
Employing an AN / FRD - 10 antenna system , the unit intercepts Cuban and Soviet military communications in and around Cuba and the Caribbean Basin .
The 430 person Naval Security Group Activity at Sabana Seca , Puerto Rico employs an AN / FRD - 10 to target internationally leased carrier and diplomatic communications for all of Central and South America .89
Two stations target INTELSAT / COMSAT satellite communications .
An NSA facility at Sugar Grove , West Virginia with 30 , 60 , 105 , and 150 foot satellite antennas intercepts the signals being sent by the INTELSAT / COMSAT satellite over the
187
Atlantic and intended for the INTELSAT / COMSAT ground station at Etam , West Virginia .
A second installation at the Yakima Research Station un Yakima , Washington targets the Pacific INTELSAT / COMSAT satellite.90
COVERT LISTENING POSTS
In addition to the ground - based listening posts such as those described above , there is a second set of such posts .
However .
rather than using large areas of land they are surreptitiously hidden in U.S. embassies and consulates .
Such listening posts allow the United States to target the internal military , political , police , and economic communications of the nation in which the embassy is located .
Such listening posts are joint CIA - NSA operations , formally known as Special Collection Elements , and exist in approximately forty - five U.S. embassies and consulates .
The best known of the listening posts is the one in the U.S. Embassy in Moscow .
In the late 1960s and early 1970s the Embassy listening post was used to intercept the radio - telephone conversations of Soviet Politburo members , including General Secretary Leonid Brezhnev , President Nikolai Podgorny , and Premier Alexsei Kosygin as they drove around Moscow.91
Traffic from the interception operation was transmitted back to a special CIA facility a few miles from the agency 's Langley , Virginia headquarters .
Originally , the conversations simply needed to be translated , since no attempt had been made to scramble or encipher the conversations .
92
After a 1971 disclosure in the press concerning the operation , code - named GAMMA GUPY , the Soviets began enciphering their limousine telephone calls to plug leaks .
Despite that effort , the United States was able to intercept and decode a conversation between General Secretary Brezhnev and Field Marshal Grechko that took place shortly before the signing of the SALT I treaty .
Grechko assured Brezhnev that the heavy Soviet SS - l9 missiles under construction would fit inside the launch tubes of lighter SS - 11 missiles , making the missiles permissible under the SALT I treaty .
93
In general , however , the intelligence obtained was less than earthshaking .
According to a former intelligence official involved in GAMMA GUPY , the CIA " did n't find out about , say , the invasion of Czechoslovakia .
It was very gossipy -- Brezhnev 's health and maybe Podgorny 's sex life . "
At the same time the official said that the operation " gave us extremely valuable information on the personalities and health of top Soviet leaders .
"
94
Other covert listening posts are located in the U.S. embassies in Tel Aviv and Buenos Aires .
The Tel Aviv outpost is targeted on Israeli military and national police communications .
The latter gives the United States the capability to follow very closely the activities of the police in suppressing Palestinian demonstrators .
The presence of a U.S. Listening post has not gone unnoticed by Israeli officials due to the large number of antennas on the roof of the Tel Aviv embassy .
95
188
The Buenos Aires post was used to target the communications of the Argentine General Staff during the Falklands crisis -- information that would be quickly passed to the British.96
SURFACE SHIPS
At one time , the United States placed great reliance on signals intelligence gathered by ship - based sensors .
The United States began using combat ships in this role .
Destroyers and destroyer escorts often carried mobile vans packed with antennas as well as special detachments to operate the equipment .
Use of destroyers and destroyer escorts , however , degraded fighting capabilities as combat ships were assigned to intelligence missions .
Further , some Navy officials felt the stationing of a destroyer off a foreign shore , especially that of a hostile nation , to be provocative .
97
Two alternatives were deployed -- Auxiliary General Technical Research ( AGTR ) and Auxiliary General Environmental Research ( AGER ) ships in 1961 and 1965 respectively .
The AGTRs were converted World War II Liberty ships -- each 458 feet long and 10,860 tons .
The AGERs were old World War II vintage , converted diesel - driven light - cargo ships approximately 170 feet in length , with a maximum speed of thirteen knots and a cruising speed of ten knots .
Each had an estimated range of 4,000 nautical miles .
AGER collection capability was more restricted than AGTR capability , being concerned with SIGINT and hydrographic information .
Elimination of the AGER and AGTR collection ships resulted from events in 1967 and 1969 .
The AGTR U.S.S. Liberty was bombed by Israeli aircraft in the midst of the 1967 Six Day War , resulting in severe damage and the death of thirty - four crew members .
It was alleged by the Israeli government that the ship was mistaken for an Egyptian vessel ; others have alleged the attack was deliberate and intended to prevent the United States from learning of Israeli military gains that would lead the United States to pressure Israel into a " premature " cease - fire.98
In 1969 , the AGER U.S.S. Pueblo was captured by the North Koreans and its crew held hostage .
Shortly after the Pueblo was seized , the U.S.S. Sergeant Joseph P. Muller almost drifted into Cuban waters .
After several attempts she was finally towed to safety by the escorting destroyer .
Subsequently , the AGERs and AGTRs were decommissioned .
99
More recently , the United States has employed Spruance - class destroyers and frigates to collect intelligence concerning Nicaragua and El Salvador .
The 7,800 - ton destroyer Deyo , as well as her sister ship Caron , were stationed in the Gulf of Fonzeca .
The ships could monitor suspected shipping , intercept communications and encrypted messages , and probe the shore surveillance and defense capabilities of the other nations .
With regard to the latter use , they can induce nations to switch on shore - to - sea , ship - to - ship , and air - to - air radar .
100
In addition to being in the Gulf of Fonzeca , the Caron has been present in the Baltic , the Northern Sea , and off the Libyan coast .
During the birth of Solidarity in Poland in August 1980 , the Caron cruised fourteen miles off the coast of Gdansk ,
189
and in the summer of 1981 she was among the ships that constituted the task force that was on an exercise off the Libyan coast in the Gulf of Sidra .
During a North Atlantic cruise , she came as close to the Soviet naval base at Murmansk as the Chesapeake Bay Bridge is to the U.S. Naval Base at Norfolk , Virginia .
101
The Caron was again employed in an intelligence collection mission against a Soviet target in 1986 .
Along with another warship , the U.S.S. Yorktown , the Caron entered Soviet - claimed territorial waters in the Black Sea on March 10 and remained there a week , coming as close as six miles to the Soviet coast .
While a Pentagon official claimed that intelligence collection was not the primary rationale of the exercise -- which had been ordered by the Joint Chiefs of Staff in the name of Secretary of Defense Weinberger -- it was at the very least an important secondary mission .
102
In addition to helicopters to gather information , the Yorktown is also outfitted with electronic equipment that can monitor voice communications and radar signals .
It has been normal procedure to use such systems to determine if new radars have been deployed onshore and to check the readiness of Soviet forces .
Additionally , with the headquarters of the Soviet Union 's Black Sea Fleet at Sevastopol , communications monitoring would be certain .
In a previous expedition , the Yorktown 's equipment was used in part to monitor aircraft movements within the Soviet Union .
103
The Soviets responded to the Yorktown / Caron mission both militarily and diplomatically .
A destroyer was used to trail both ships , while military aircraft overflew them .
In addition , a Soviet protest note said the episode " was of a demonstrative , defiant nature and pursued clearly provocative aims .
" 104
In February 1988 , the Yorktown and Caron again entered the Black Sea with the same objectives as in 1986 -- to assert the right to free passage in waters outside the U.S. - recognized three - mile limit and to collect intelligence .
When the ships came closer than the twelve - mile limit claimed by the Soviets , destroyers were sent to nudge the ships as a means of indicating Soviet displeasure .
105
Two Navy frigates stationed in the Pacific have also been used against targets in Nicaragua , El Salvador , and Honduras .
One ship -- the 3,990 - ton Blakely -- is a Knox - class frigate commissioned in 1970 ; the other - - the 3,400 - ton Julius A. Furei -- is a Brooke - class guided - missile frigate .
The missions involved homing and recording voice and signals communications , locating transmitting stations , logging ships ' movements , and studying their waterlines to help determine if they were riding low in the water when entering port and high when exiting -- indicating the unloading of cargo .
106
Frigates have also been used to monitor Soviet missile telemetry .
It was reported in 1979 that " American ships equipped with sensitive listening gear . . . patrol the North Atlantic , where they collect telemetry broadcast by the new Soviet submarine - launched missiles tested in the White Sea , northeast of Finland . "
Likewise , on the night of August 31 , 1983 , when the United States was expecting the Soviet Union to test a SS - X - 24 missile , the frigate Badger was stationed in the Sea of Okhotsk .
107
190
The Badger and the rest of the forty - six Knox - class frigates have dimensions of 438 by 46.8 by 24.8 feet , can travel at 27 knots and carry 275 personnel .
In addition to ASROC ( antisubmarine rocket ) weapons , search radar , and sonar , they are fitted with satellite communications antennas for both transmission and reception .
108
In August 1985 , the Navy commissioned its first ship dedicated solely to intelligence collection since the decommissioning of the AGTR and AGER ships in 1969
The ship , the ARL - 24 Sphinx , is a former repair ship converted to its present role .
The 328 by 50 foot ship can travel at 11.6 knots .
With a home port at Little Creek , Virginia , it spends most of its time off the coast of Nicaragua intercepting Sandinista military communications .
109
The most important ship - based system for monitoring Soviet missile tests is a phased - array radar designated COBRA JUDY , which resides on the U.S.N.S Observation Island .
Emplaced on the 563 - foot ship is a 4 - story turret on the aft deck that houses the major components of COBRA JUDY .
The turret is essentially a thirty - foot cube with one face tilted slightly inward .
An antenna array 22.5 feet
In diameter occupies an octagonal , raised area on the cube 's slanting face .
In addition , on top of the superstructure there are two , thirty - two - foot diameter geodesic radomes containing a complex of passive receiving antennas funded by the NSA .
110
The deployment of COBRA JUDY was designed to allow the monitoring of the final near - earth trajectories of Soviet reentry vehicles during the portion of their flight not " visible " to COBRA DANE because of the earth 's line - of - sight constraints .
In particular , the sensors provide information on the radar signatures of reentry vehicles and warheads .
To enhance that capability , an X - band radar with parabolic dish antennas was added in 1985 to further improve COBRA JUDY 's capability .
Because of the higher degree of resolution and target separation , the radar may be able to distinguish between multiple warheads and penetration aids such as decoys and chaff .
111
SUBMARINES
A program that had its genesis in the later years of the Eisenhower Administration but is still operational today involves not surface ships but submarines .
Known by a variety of code names , the best known of which is HOLYSTONE , the program is one of the most sensitive intelligence operations of the United States .
HOLYSTONE , which also has been known as PINNACLE , BOLLARD , and most recently as BARNACLE , began in 1959 and has involved the use of special electronically equipped submarines to collect electronic communications and photographic intelligence .
The primary target has always been the Soviet Union but at times countries such as Vietnam and China have been targets of the operations which sometimes involved penetration of the Soviet , Chinese , and Vietnamese three - mile territorial limits .
112
The missions lasted about ninety days .
Crews were given cover stories such as being on an undersea geodetic survey project that was using sonar to study ocean
191
water temperatures in support of data collected by satellites .
The crews were forbidden to use any active electronic or sonar gear while on a HOLYSTONE mission so as to avoid detection by Soviet antisubmarine warfare devices .
In addition , hatches were tied down to prevent rattling .
113
By 1975 , the program apparently had provided vital information on the Soviet submarine fleet - - its configuration , capabilities , noise patterns , missiles , and missile firing capabilities .
One mission involved obtaining the " voice autographs " of Soviet submarines .
Using detailed tape recordings of noise made by submarine engines and other equipment , analysts of the Naval Scientific and Technical Intelligence Center ( now the Naval Intelligence Support Center ) were able to develop a methodology to identify individual Soviet submarines , even those tracked at long range under the ocean .
The analysts could then follow the submarine from its initial operations to its decommissioning .
114
HOLYSTONE operations also provided information about theater and strategic sea - based missiles .
Some Soviet sea- based missiles were tested against inland targets to reduce U.S. observation .
On occasion , HOLYSTONE submarines would penetrate close enough to Soviet territory to observe the missile launchings , providing information on the early stages of the flight .
According to one government official , the most significant information provided by the missions was a readout of the computer calculations and signals put into effect by Soviet technicians before launching the missiles .
Beyond that the U.S. submarines also provided intelligence by tracking the flight and eventual landing of the missiles , providing continuous information on guidance and electronic systems .
115
In addition to providing acoustic and telemetry intelligence , the HOLYSTONE submarines also tapped into Soviet communications cables on the ocean floor .
The tapping operation allowed the United States to intercept higher level military messages and other communications considered too sensitive to be entrusted to insecure means of communication such as radio and microwave .
116
Beyond signals intelligence , the submarines also were able to bring back valuable photographs , many of which were taken through the submarine 's periscope .
In the mid-1960s , photographs were taken of the underside of an E Class submarine that appeared to be taken inside Vladivostok harbor .
117
As was the case when the program was code - named HOLYSTONE , today 's BARNACLE operations employ thirty - eight nuclear - powered Sturgeon - class submarines such as the SSN - 6Y .
The submarines have dimensions of 292 by 31.7 by 26 feet and carry SUBROC ( submarine rocket ) and antisubmarine torpedoes as well as Harpoon and Tomahawk missiles .
With their 107 - person complement ( twelve officers and ninety - five enlisted personnel ) , the ships can travel at speeds at over twenty knots when surfaced and at over thirty knots underwater and can reach a depth of 1,320 feet .
Their standard electronic equipment includes a search radar and both active and passive sonar systems .
118
The special equipment placed on submarines for HOLYSTONE / BARNACLE missions has included the WLR - 6 Waterboy Signals Intelligence System .
The WLR - 6 is in the process of being replaced by a more advanced system known as SEA
192
NYMPH , described in one document as " an advanced , automatic , modular signals exploitation system designed for continuous acquisition , identification , recording , analysis and exploitation of electromagnetic signals . "
All the Sturgeon submarines will carry a basic skeletal system that can be upgraded to full capacity when authorized .
119
Another reconnaissance project involving submarines that began later than the HOLYSTONE program was code - named IVY BELLS .
This project involved implanting a device to intercept the signals transmitted along a Soviet underwater cable in the Sea of Okhotsk , between the Kamchatka Peninsula and the eastern Soviet coastline .
A combined Navy - NSA team , operating from a submarine , installed a miniaturized waterproof eavesdropping device - - a large tape pod that fit over the Soviet cable , through which key Soviet military and other communications flowed .
The pod had a wraparound attachment that intercepted the cable traffic by " induction " it could intercept the signals being transmitted along the cable without physically tapping into the cable .
In addition , if the cable were raised by the Soviets for maintenance , the pod would break away and remain on the ocean floor .
Tapes in the pod recorded messages and signals on various channels or communications links for four to six weeks , with the pod being installed for only two recording sessions a year .
120
The Sea of Okhotsk operation continued until 1981 , when former NSA employee Ronald Pelton sold the Soviets information about the operation .
NOTES TO CHAPTER 8
1. George C. Wilson , Soviet Nuclear Sub Reported Sunk , " Washington Post , August 11 , 1983 , p. A9 .
2. John E. Ingersoll , " Request for COMINT of Interest to Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs , " in U.S. Congress , Senate Select Committee to Study Governmental Operations with Respect to Intelligence Activities , The National Security Agency and Fourth Amendment Rights ( Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office , 1976 ) , pp. 152-55 .
3. U.S. Congress , House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , Annual Report ( Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office , 1978 ) , p. 38 .
4. John Prados , The Soviet Estimate : U.S. Intelligence Analysis and Russian Military Strength ( New York : Dial Press , 1982 ) , p. 203 ; Farooq Hussain , The Future of Arms Control Part IV , The Impact of Weapons Test Restrictions ( London : International Institute for Strategic Studies , 1980 ) , p. 44 ; Robert Kaiser , " Verification of SALT II : Art and Science , " Washington Post , June 15 , 1979 , p. 1 .
5. U.S. Congress , House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , HR 6588 , The National Intelligence Act of 1980 ( Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office , 1980 ) , p. 521 .
6. Deborah Shapley , " Who 's Listening ? : How NSA Tunes In On America 's Overseas Phone Calls and Messages , " Washington Post , October 7 , 1977 , pp. C1 , C4 .
7. Ibid .
8. Sayre Stevens , " The Soviet BMD Program , " in Ashton B. Carter and David N. Schwartz , eds. , Ballistic Missile Defense ( Washington , D.C. : Brookings Institution , 1984 ) , pp. 182-221 at p. 192 .
9. Anthony Kenden , " U.S. Reconnaissance Satellite Programs , " Spaceflight , 20 , pp. 7 ( 1978 ) : 243ff .
10 . Philip Klass , Secret Sentries in Space ( New York : Random House , 1971 ) , p. 194 .
11 . Seymour M. Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed : What Really Happened to Flight 007 and What America Knew About It ( New York : Random House , 1986 ) , p. 38 ; Private information .
12 . Des Ball , Pine Gap : Australia and the US Geostationary Signals Intelligence Satellite Program ( Sydney : Allen & Unwin Australia , 1988 ) , pp. 14-15 .
13 . Philip Klass , " U.S. Monitoring Capability Impaired , " Aviation Week and Space Technology , May 14 , 1979 , p. 18 .
14 . Robert Lindsey , The Falcon and the Snowman : A True Story of Friendship and Espionage ( New York : Simon and Schuster , 1979 ) , p. 111 .
15 . Ball , Pine Gap , p. 54 .
16 . Victor Marchetti , Allies ( A Grand Bay film directed by Marian Wilkinson and produced by Sylvia Le Clezio , Sydney , 1983 ) .
17 . See Lindsey , Falcon and the Snowman , for a full - length account ; on the renaming of RHYOLITE , see William E. Burrows , Deep Black : Space Espionage and National Security ( New York : Random House , 1987 ) , p. 192 ; Glenn Zorpette , " Monitoring the Tests , " IEEE Spectrum ( July 1986 ) , 57 - 66 at 60 .
18 . James Gerstenzang , " Shuttle Lifts Off with Spy Cargo , " Los Angeles Times , January 25 , 1985 , pp. 1 , 11 .
19 . William J. Broad , " Experts Say Satellite Can Detect Soviet War Steps , " New York Times , January 25 , 1985 , p. A12 .
20 . Walter Andrews , " Defense Aide Confirms U.S. Satellites Jammed , " Washington Times , June 21 , 1984 , p. 1 .
21 . Richard Burt , " U.S. Plans New Way to Check Soviet Missile Tests , New York Times , June 29 , 1979 , p. A3 ; Burrows , Deep Black , p. 192 .
22 . Hussain , The Future of Arms Control Part IV , p. 42 ; Ball , Pine Gap , pp. 14-15 .
23 . Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed , '' p. 4 ; Burrows , Deep Black , p. 223 .
24 . James B. Schultz , " Inside the Blue Cube , " Defense Electronics ( April 1983 ) 52 - 59 ; Organization and Functions Chartbook ( Onizuka AFS , Calif. : Air Force Satellite Control Facility , December 1 , 1986 ) , p. 61 ; Space Division Regulation 23 - 3 , " Air Force Satellite Control Facility , " December 16 , 1983 .
25 . Paul Stares , Space and National Security ( Washington , D.C. : Brookings Institution , 1987 ) , p. 188 ; Private information .
26 . Desmond BalI , A Suitable Piece of Real Estate : American Installations in Australia ( Sydney : Hale & Iremonger , 1980 ) , p. 59 .
27 . Ball , Pine Gap , p. 61 .
28 . Ibid. , p. 70 .
29 . Ibid. , pp. 67 , 80 .
30 . Ibid. , p. 77 .
31 . Ibid. , pp. 27 - 28 ; Private information ; Defense Communications Agency , Facilities Handbook ( Areas 1 , 2 , and 9 ) ( Scott AFB , Ill , : DCAOC , January 1985 ) , p. %A .
32 . Untitled memo , Declassified Documents Reference System 1982-001583 .
194
33 . U.S. Congress , House Committee on Appropriations , Department of Defense Appropriations for 1984 , Part 8 ( Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office , 1983 ) , p. 384 ; Martin Streetly , " U.S. Airborne ELINT Systems , Part 3 : The Boeing RC - 135 Family , " Jane 's Defence Weekly , March 16 , 1985 , pp. 460-65 .
34 . Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed , '' p. 9 .
35 . Burrows , Deep Black , p. 171 ; Private information .
36 . Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed , " pp. 9 - 10 ; Burrows , Deep Black , p. 171 ; Private information .
37 . George C. Wilson , " U.S. RC - 135 Was Assessing Soviet Air Defenses , " Washington Post , September 7 , 1983 , p. A - 12 ; Philip Taubman , " U.S. Says Intelligence Plane Was On A Routine Mission , " New York Times , September 5 , 1983 , p. 4 ; Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed , '' p. 220 .
38 . Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed , '' p. 9
39 . Private information .
40 . Private information ; References to the COMBAT SENT missions against the mentioned radars were found in the documents catalog of the Office of Air Force History .
41 . Streetly , " U.S. Airborne ELINT Systems , Part 3 " ; Bill Gertz , " Soviets Test - Fire ICBM Just North of Hawaii , " Washington Times , October 1 , 1987 , pp. Al , A10 .
42 . 6th Strategic Wing Regulation 55 - 2 , " Operations , Aircrew and Staff Procedures , " September 30 , 1983 , pp. 4 -11 .
43 . Private information ; Burrows , Deep Black , p. 172 .
44 . Private information ; Burrows , Deep Black , p. 172 .
45 . 6th Strategic Wing Regulation , " Operations , Aircrew and Staff Procedures , " pp. 3 - 5 .
46 . Charles W. Corddry and Albert Sehlstedt , Jr. , " Plane 's Covert Role is to Monitor Soviet Space Flights , Missile Tests , " Baltimore Sun , May 1 , 1981 , p. 1 .
47 . Ibid .
48 . U.S. Congress , House Committee on Appropriations , Military Construction Appropriations for 1985 , Part 3 ( Washington .
D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office , 1984 ) , pp. 105-6 ; Brendan M. Greeley , Jr. , " USAF Readies Range Instrumentation Aircraft for First Flight , " Aviation Week and Space Technology , February 25 , 1985 , pp. 23 - 4 ; " Aerospace World , " Air Force Magazine , December 1987 , p. 33 .
49 . Greeley , " USAF Readies Range Instrumentation Aircraft for First Flight . "
50 . Ibid .
51 . Martin Streetly , " Hercules C- 130 Electronic Missions , " Jane '.s Defence Weekly , November 16 , 1985 , pp. 1092 - 96 ; Private information .
52 . " Electronic Environment Sampled Regularly , " Aviation Week and Space Technology , May 10 , 1976 , pp. 90 - 92 .
53 . Duncan Campbell , " Spy in the Sky , " New Statesman , September 9 , 1983 , pp. 8 - 9 .
54 . Private information .
55 . Ibid .
56 . Ibid .
57 . Ibid .
58 . Ibid .
59 . Ibid .
60 . Ibid .
61 . Ibid .
195
62 . Dr. Michael E. del Papa , Meeting the Challenge : ESD and the Cobra Dane Construction Effort on Shemya Island ( Bedford , Mass . : Electronic Systems Division , Air Force Systems Command , 1979 ) , pp. 1 - 2 .
63 . Ibid. , p. 2 - 3 .
64 . Eli Brookner , " Phased - Array Radars , " Scientific American ( April 1985 ) 94-102 .
65 . Philip J. Klass , " USAF Tracking Radar Details Disclosed , " Aviation Week and Space Technology , October 25 , 1976 , pp. 41 - 46 ; del Papa , Meeting the Challenge .
p. 38 .
66 . Klass , " USAF Tracking Radar Details Disclosed . "
67 . Duncan Campbell , The Unsinkable Aircraft Carrier : American Military Power in Britain ( London : Michael Joseph , 1984 ) , p. 155 ; " British MP Accuses U.S. of Electronic Spying , " New Scientist , August 5 , 1976 , p. 268 ; Private information .
68 . Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed , '' p. 47 .
69 . Keyes Beech , " Secret U. S. Base Keeps Eye on Far East , " Los Angeles Times , January 20 , 1980 , p. 17 .
70 . Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed , '' pp. 47 -48 .
71 . U.S. Congress , House Committee on Appropriations , Military Construction Appropriations for 1981 , Part 2 ( Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office , 1980 ) , p. 875 ; Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed , '' p. 49 ; David Morison , " Sites Unseen , " National Journal , June 4 , 1988 , pp. 1468 - 72 .
72 . Duncan Campbell and Linda Melvern , " America 's Big Ear on Europe , " New Statesman , July 18 , 1980 , pp. 10 - 14 ; Stella Trapp , " Rosman Research Center is a ' Vital Part of the Security ' , " Transylvania Times , August 21 , 1986 , pp. 1A , 16A ; Morison , " Sites Unseen " ; Private information .
73 . Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed , '' p. 4 .
74 . Campbell , The Unsinkable Aircraft Carrier , p. 155 .
75 . Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed , '' p.47n . ; Private information .
76 . Marvine Howe , " U.S. and Turks Monitor Soviet at Isolated Post , " New York Times , January 4 , 1981 , p. 7 ; Michael Getler .
" U.S. Intelligence Facilities in Turkey Get New Attention After Iran Turmoil , " Washington Post , February 9 , 1979 , p. A15 ; U.S. Congress , Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , Fiscal Year 1980 International Security Assistance Authorization ( Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Print ing Office , 1979 ) , p. 365 ; U.S. Congress , House Committee on International Relations , United States Military Installations and Objectives in the Mediterranean ( Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office , 1977 ) , pp. 43 - 44 ; Michael K. Burns , " U.S. Reactivating Bases in Turkey , " Baltimore Sun , October 21 , 1978 , pp. 1 , 23 ; TUSLOG Detachment 28 , Command History , 1 January - 30 September 1977 ; " U.S. Electronic Espionage : A Memoir , " Ramparts ( August 1972 ) pp. 35 - 50 at 40 .
77 . Burns , " U.S. Reactivating Bases in Turkey . "
78 . Getler , U.S. Intelligence Facilities in Turkey Get New Attention After Iran Turmoil . "
79 . Ibid .
80 . Private information .
81 . Ibid .
82 . Hersh , '' The Target is Destroyed , '' p. 47 ; Private information .
83 . Brian Toohey and Marian Wilkinson , The Book of Leaks : Exposes in Defence of the Public 's Right to Know ( North Ryde , Australia : Angus & Robertson , 1987 ) , p. 135 ; Private information .
196
84 . Private information .
85 . United States Army Field Station Korea , Fiscal Year 1986 Annual Historical Report , 1987 , p. 2 ; Private information .
86 . Private information .
87 . Ibid .
88 . Ibid .
89 . U.S. Congress , House Committee on Appropriations , Military Construction Appropriations for 1987 , Part 2 ( Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office , 1986 ) , p. 682 ; Private information .
90 . James Bamford , The Puzzle Palace : A Report on NSA , America 's Most Secret Agency ( Boston , Mass. : Houghton Mifflin , 1982 ) , pp. 172-72 ; Private information .
91 . Laurence Stern , " U.S. Tapped Top Russian's Car Phones , " Washington Post , December 5 , 1973 , pp. A1 , A16 ; Ernest Volkman , " U.S. Spies Lend an Ear to Soviets , " Newsday , July 12 , 1977 , p. 7 .
92 . Stern , " U.S. Tapped Top Russians Car Phones . "
93 . Ibid. ; Bill Gertz , " CIA Upset Because Perle Detailed Eavesdropping , " Washington Times , April 15 , 1987 .
p. 2A .
94 . Jack Anderson , " CIA Eavesdrops on Kremlin Chiefs , " Washington Post , September 16 , 1971 , p. F7 .
95 . Howard Kurtz , " Pollard : Top Israelis Backed Spy Ring , " Washington Post , February 28 , 1987 , p. A8 .
96 . Arthur Gavshon and Desmond Rice , The Sinking of the Belgrano ( London : Secker & Warburg , 1984 ) , p. 205 n.5 .
97 . Trevor Armbrister , A Matter of Accountability ( New York : Coward McCann , 1970 ) , p. 87 .
98 . Ibid. ; U.S. Congress , House Committee on Armed Services , Inquiry into the U.S.S. Pueblo and EC - 121 Incidents ( Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office , 1969 ) , pp. 1632 , 1634 ; James Ennes , Assault on the Liberty ( New York : Random House , 1980 ) .
99 .
Paul Backus , " ESM and SIGINT Problems at the Interface , " Journal of Electronic Defense ( July - August 1981 ) 23ff .
100 . Richard Halloran , " U.S. Navy Surveillance Ship is Stationed Off Central America , " New York Times , February 25 , 1982 , pp. 1 , 6 ; Private information .
101 . Private information .
102 . Richard Halloran , " 2 U.S. Ships Enter Soviet Waters Off Crimea to Gather Intelligence , " New York Times , March 19,1986 , pp. A1 , A11 ; George C. Wilson , " Soviet Ships Shadowed U.S. Vessels ' Transit , " Washington Post , March 20 , 1986 , p. A33 .
103 . Halloran , " 2 U.S. Ships Enter Soviet Waters Off Crimea to Gather Intelligence " ; Private information .
104 . Halloran , " 2 U.S. Ships Enter Soviet Waters Off Crimea to Gather Intelligence " ; Private information .
105 . Philip Taubman , " Moscow Blames U.S. for Incident Between Warships , " New York Times , February 14 , 1988 , pp. 1 , 19 ; John H. Cushman , Jr.. " 2 Soviet Warships Reportedly Nudged U.S. Navy Vessel , " New York Times , February 13 , 1988 , pp. 1 , 6 .
106 . George C. Wilson , " U. S. Detects Slowdown in Shipments of Weapons to El Salvador , '' Washington Post , April 29 , 1983 , p. A13 .
197
107 . Richard Burt , " Technology is Essential to Arms Verification , " New York Times August 14 , 1979 , pp. Cl , C2 ; Murray Sayle , " KE 007 : A Conspiracy of Circumstance , " The New York Review of Books , April 25 , 1985 , pp. 44 -54 .
108 . Jane 's Fighting Ships 1983 - 1984 ( London : Jane 's Publishing , 1983 ) , p. 681 .
109 . Norman Polmar , The Ships and Aircraft of the US .
Fleet , 14th ed. , ( Annapolis Md. : Naval Institute Press , 1987 ) , p. 317 .
110 . Kenneth J. Stein , " Cobra Judy Phased Array Radar Tested , " Aviation Week and Space Technology , August 10 , 1981 , pp. 70 - 73 .
111 . Ibid . ; " X - Band Expands Cobra Judy's Repertoire , " Defense Electronics ( January 1985 ) 43 - 44 .
112 . Seymour Hersh , " Submarines of U.S. Stage Spy Missions Inside Soviet Waters , " New York Times , May 25 , 1975 , pp. 1 , 42 .
113 . Seymour Hersh , " A False Navy Report Alleged in Sub Crash , " New York Times , July 6 , 1975 , pp. 1 , 26 .
114 . Hersh , " Submarines of U.S. Stage Spy Missions Inside Soviet Waters . "
115 . Ibid .
116 . Ibid .
117 . Ibid .
118 . Jane 's Fighting Ships 1983 - 1984 , p. 639 .
119 . Private information .
120 . Bob Woodward , Veil : The Secret Wars of the CM 1981 - 1987 ( New York : Simon & Schuster , 1987 ) , pp. 448-449 .
SQLite is one of the most popular databases that you may not know about .
It is used in every Firefox , Skype , McAfee , and Solaris instance .
It is also used on Apple Mac computers and iPhones .
Adobe , Google and Mozilla use SQLite for Web related applications .
Google ’s local data storage engine , Google Gears , uses SQLite .
But now SQLite may be too popular .
Here is the announcement in the W3C Web SQL Database site :
This specification has reached an impasse : all interested implementors have used the same SQL backend ( Sqlite ) , but we need multiple independent implementations to proceed along a standardisation path .
Until another implementor is interested in implementing this spec , the description of the SQL dialect has been left as simply a reference to Sqlite , which is n’t acceptable for a standard .
Should you be an implementor interested in implementing an independent SQL backend , please contact the editor so that he can write a specification for the dialect , thus allowing this specification to move forward .
The following accompanies the latest W3C Editors Draft [ our bolding and underline added – curiously , there is no elaboration as to why SQLite is not acceptable for a standard ] dated July 23 , 2010 for the Web SQL Database standard that is included in the HTML5 documentation listed at Wikipedia .
Given that the editor , Ian Hickson , works for Google and Google uses SQLite , notably for its Google Gears local Web store , this impasse seems a bit anomalous .
However , further investigation finds that Google is a ) leaving Gears intact but b) not using SQLite itself itself and encouraging its developers to transition to HTML5 for local Web storage .
Here are some possible reasons for the impasse with SQLite :
1 ) Ian Hickson has raised objections to the fact that SQLite does not support the Boolean data type and other shortcomings in SQLite .
See here for issue .
2 ) Mozilla Firefox which does use SQLite , is proposing a new IndexedDB approach [ yes shades of BTree ] for local Web Storage and is planning to bypass the Web SQL Database standard .
IndexedDB will be used in Firefox 4 .
See here for the details .
3 ) Google has had problems in AdWords with its SQLite implementation – but Firefox does not .
See here for details .
4 ) Google has a new Google Cloud Storage API – that can act as a proxy for a local store .
Keep an Open Eye objected that the whole idea is for offline usage ; but a colleague said that issue would be worked out and insisted on inclusion .
See here for details .
5 ) The Web browser developers are fighting over the Web Database standard .
See here for the details .
Summary
This skirmish over what many would consider a slam dunk for the Web Database or Web SQL Database standard given a ) the availability of SQLite and b) the relatively mature state of database development – this gives a taste for some of the turmoil that lurks in critical parts of the emerging HTML5 standard .
Yes , large chunks of HTML5 are fairly well set and large chunks of those “ settled standards ” have been implemented by various browser vendor .
But as we shall see in the posting – HTML5 : Whats Implemented to July 2010 , the implementation is hardly complete of uniform among the top 5 browser vendors .
Given this , you now can imagine what is happening over HTML5 standards for Touch , Gestures , and associated Events or Local Storage or 2D Canvas Standards .
The first , Touch standards , will be the topic of coming HTML5 post .
Update : Google appears to be database neutral and expecting both IndexedDB and Web SQL to appear in Web Stanadrds
Larry Ellison was ready to pony up more that $ 400 million of his own money to buy the Golden State Warriors but , alas , it was not to be .
A couple of entertainment moguls came up with the winning bid .
The loser is what you might call a Silicon Valley entrepreneur ; CEO of Oracle and reportedly the sixth richest person in the world .
The news got me thinking about the numerous references to the virtues of “ entrepreneurship ” being injected into the discussion about the current economic crisis .
If you listen to some of the New York Times commentators the key to overcoming the present situation – including high unemployment – is pouring resources into high technology research and development .
The genius and the future , it is said , lie with bolstering young innovators toiling away in garages .
After all , that ’s what produced the internet and it ’s where people like Ellison got started .
Obviously there are two sides to the Silicon Valley story .
On the one hand , there are the creative innovators working alone or in small groups , sharing knowledge freely and coming up with the fantastic technology we enjoy today .
On the other hand , there is the business side .
Capitalism has n’t gone away and internet technology has n’t fundamentally changed its nature .
The growing wealth inequality is as present in the lands just south of San Francisco as it is in the country as a whole .
What ’s more , today there are politicians who made their fortunes in advanced technology and are today trying to buy anything they covet , including government power .
Take Meg Whitman , former CEO of eBay .
Sometimes when I turn on the television I am forced to listen to her at nearly every commercial break , talking about unemployment .
Other politicians , she says , do n’t really sense the seriousness of the situation because “ they do n’t see it every day , ” followed by : “ I see it every day . ”
And , I ’m like , where does she see it every day ?
Surely not from the window of her $ 3.2 million Atherton mansion – population 7,535 – second wealthiest city in the country .
Perhaps she sees it every night when she closes her eyes , only to be taunted by the recollection of tech industry workers she has , in her various boss positions , laid off , plus the ones she proposes to add to the state ’s jobless rolls .
Whitman has chalked up quite a record of eliminating jobs and arranging big bonuses for herself and other management personnel .
The California Labor Federation calls her a “ serial outsourcer ” who sent 40 percent of eBay ’s jobs to low wage areas abroad .
Between 2002 and 2007 , Whitman increased the number of overseas workers at eBay by 666 percent , rather than keeping jobs in California .
Whitman has proposed cutting 40,000 state workers from the payroll , including employees of the University of California system .
She has also joined the disreputable bandwagon of those who would try to solve government financial deficit by cutting retirement benefits for public workers through raising the retirement age and doubling the percentage of salaries going into retirement accounts .
Whitman spent $ 71 million of her own money to win the California gubernatorial nomination and is expected to spend $ 150 million more trying to win the general election .
Then there ’s Carly Fiorina , CEO of Hewlett - Packard from 1999 to 2005 and previously an executive vice president at AT&T , who also spent several million dollars of her fortune to win nomination as the Republican candidate for Senate from California , and is laying out even more trying to snag a general election victory .
Heading up HP , Fiorina oversaw the layoff of thousands of workers , sent jobs overseas and garnered big bonuses and perks for herself and others in management .
At her victory party Whitman hailed the victories of “ two businesswomen from the real world who know how to create jobs , balance budgets and get things done . ”
Well , not exactly .
Fiorina was actually pushed out at HP with a $ 21 million severance package .
“ We have been entertaining ourselves with theories about how this election year is going to be all about voter anger , ” observes Times columnist Gail Collins .
“ Or Washington insiders .
Or health care .
Or TARP .
But really , it ’s going to be about money .
Gobs of cash falling on campaigns like tar balls on a beach . ”
Oh yes , and there ’s Steve Jobs over at Apple .
He recently got into the discussion by correctly noting that the high tech resources we have today are largely the outcome of government spending .
He ’s now arguing for more government outlays for research and development .
Concurrently , his latest product has given the English language a new word : Applegate .
It ’s hard to imagine a worse quality control mishap than a new massively promoted glorified cellphone that does n’t really work too well .
Since 2004 , Apple products like the iPhone and iPod have been manufactured and assembled in China .
Currently they are assembled by Foxconn .
They are only conceived and engineered in Silicon Valley .
Conservative Financial Times columnist , Christopher Caldwell , had an interesting comment last week on Bill Gates of Microsoft and his family ’s well known philanthropic activity .
Writing about Berkshire Hathaway ’s Warren Buffett , and his recent pledge to leave 99 per cent of his fortune to charity , Caldwell , senior editor at the Weekly Standard , wrote , “ Most readers of the Fortune magazine exclusive in which the Giving Pledge was rolled out were pleased with the idea …
Yet the most striking thing in the hundreds of letters posted on the magazine ’s website was the level of anger in many of them .
‘ I guess Mr. Bill Gates will give all his money to India , ’ runs a fairly typical negative comment , ‘ since he was so fond of outsourcing all American computer systems analysts / programmer jobs to India . ’
The Gateses and Mr. Buffett may have misjudged the public mood .
In opening their wallets , they have opened a debate on whether it is right that they should have so much money to begin with . ”
Caldwell makes another interesting comment about the billionaires ’ largess :
“ If there is something wrong about businessmen campaigning through their money , there should be something even more wrong about businessmen governing through their money .
Yet governing through money is what most present - day philanthropy does .
Very few billionaires ‘ give away ’ their money , in the sense of surrendering control over it .
They deploy it , through tax - exempt foundations , to ends of their own choosing , and this can have disruptive effects on democracy , no matter how noble the hubristic billionaire believes his aims to be . ”
Back to Larry Ellison .
With a fortune estimated to be $ 28 billion , he is reportedly the sixth richest person in the world , the third richest in the U.S. and likely the wealthiest in California .
He has homes in San Francisco , Malibu and Atherton and a compound in Woodside in the Valley .
I do n’t begrudge the man the money , even if along the way he outsourced a few jobs to earn it .
What bothers me is that , at a moment , when a lot of sanctimonious criticism is leveled at a former Cleveland Cavalier , the great Lebron James , for acting in his own best interest , playing by the rules of the system when selling one ’s labor power ( albeit with a touch of Hollywood and Madison Avenue ) , this entrepreneur sets out to buy a whole basketball team .
That would have put him in a position to make even more money off the labors of players like Steve Curry , Monta Ellis , David Lee and Vladimir Radmanovic .
I ’m glad it did n’t happen .
Carl Bloice
Crossposted with permission from The Black Commentator .
Military - funded research is already behind some of the most cutting - edge regenerative science .
Extreme projects , like bone - fusing cement and muscle - growing cell scaffolds , are rolling into human trials thanks to a $ 12 million Pentagon grant earlier this year , and Darpa - funded scientists have made rapid strides toward regrowing human limbs .
But the military 's not done yet :
The Office of the Secretary of Defense is soliciting small business proposals for two new projects to transform the regeneration of damaged tissue and cartilage , which afflict 85 percent of injured troops in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The first program would , if successful , replace skin grafting that transplants tissue from one 's own body , or a donor , to an injured area .
Instead , medics could use " an advanced topical delivery system " that spurs the regeneration of damaged , degenerated tissue .
Grafting poses plenty of challenges , not the least of which is adequate supply – especially when , as the solicitation notes , degenerated musculoskeletal tissues " represent the most common cause of pain and disability worldwide . "
Skin grafts are also vulnerable to rejection and infection .
Military - funded researchers at the University of Pittsburgh are already testing a spray - on regeneration technique , to deliver stem cells and epidermal progenitor cells that stimulate the body 's own repair systems .
Because a topical solution would be easily applied , the solicitation notes , a patient could receive sustained low doses to stimulate ongoing recovery .
Cartilage injuries , though , are even tougher to treat .
Because cartilage plays a key role in facial features , damage from traumatic injuries can cause " severe psychological problems , " not to mention pose challenges for eating and breathing .
Prosthetic devices limit functionality , and engineered cartilage is prone to scarring and deformities .
The military wants a better approach , and they 've got some lofty goals .
The technology should " elicit little if any scar formation , " maintain complete structural integrity and be fully functional .
That 's a little tougher than topical stem cell ointment : the solicitation anticipates some combination of " biomaterials , tissue engineering , [ and ] cell therapy . "
Photo : U.S. Air Force
See Also :
New York ( CNN ) --
Like fireworks , it has become an Independence Day weekend tradition unto itself : fireworks - related injury .
On Saturday , a man lighting fireworks outside his Long Island home became the latest victim when he completely severed his left arm from his shoulder , Suffolk County police said .
Eric Smith , 36 , was using a three - foot - long metal tube to shoot mortars near his Islip Terrace home on Saturday evening .
One of the explosives shot out and struck him in the left arm , taking it off , said police .
Smith 's friends wrapped the arm in ice and took him to the emergency room at Southside Hospital , and he was transferred to the intensive care unit of Nassau County Medical Center , where he is listed in critical , but stable condition , according to a hospital spokeswoman .
While she would n't comment on the status of Smith 's arm , spokeswoman Shelley Lotenburg said the hospital does not perform limb reattachments .
Smith was illegally using a commercial fireworks device -- which explodes at a much greater force than a firecracker , said Suffolk County Police Lt. Mathew Sullivan .
A new study by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission found that nearly 9,000 people were taken to the emergency room and two people died in 2009 from fireworks - related incidents .
Of them , nearly 6,000 of the injuries took place during the 30 days surrounding last year 's 4th of July holiday -- and many resulted in the loss of a limb .
Among the safety steps the commission recommends are the following :
• Never have any portion of your body directly over a fireworks device when lighting the fuse .
Move back to a safe distance immediately after lighting .
• Never try to re-light or pick up fireworks that have not fully functioned .
• Keep a bucket of water or a garden hose handy in case of fire or other mishap .
• Light one item at a time , and then move back quickly .
• Never carry fireworks in a pocket or shoot them off in metal or glass containers .
I have done more than 12 redesigns in the last 15 years and this was by far the most hands off project for me and my team .
This is because I finally found a firm in FATbit that takes control and is responsible for the result .
Your work has inspired the Certified Gold Exchange team to live up to this website design .
Image caption Both the Tevatron and the LHC are engaged in a race to find the Higgs
Physicists have moved to quash rumours that the elusive Higgs boson - dubbed the God particle - has been detected by a US " atom smasher " .
A spokesman for the lab which operated the Tevatron accelerator denied scientists had made a discovery there .
The Tevatron , based at Fermilab in Illinois , is the US rival to Europe 's Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) .
The rumours were made public in a blog post by an Italian particle physicist .
But a spokesman for the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory ( Fermilab ) told BBC News : " There is no merit to the rumours of a Higgs discovery . "
On Tuesday , the laboratory 's Twitter feed said : " Let 's settle this : the rumours spread by one fame - seeking blogger are just rumours .
That 's it . "
The rumours started by the blog are not correct and blogs are not a reliable source of information Stefan Soldner - Rembold , DZero experiment spokesman
Stefan Soldner - Rembold , a spokesperson for the DZero experiment at the Tevatron , told BBC News : " There is no evidence yet of a Standard Model Higgs signal ; more data will be needed for that .
" The rumours started by the blog are not correct and blogs are not a reliable source of information . "
The Higgs boson is of huge importance to the widely accepted theory of physics , known as the Standard Model .
It is the sub-atomic particle which explains why all other particles have mass .
However , despite decades trying , no - one , so far , has detected it .
Last week , Tommaso Dorigo , who is a physicist at the University of Padua in Italy , wrote on his blog : " It reached my ear , from two different , possibly independent sources , that an experiment at the Tevatron is about to release some evidence of a light Higgs boson signal .
" Some say a three - sigma effect , others do not make explicit claims but talk of a unexpected result . "
" Three - sigma " refers to the statistical certainty of the result - a 99.7 % likelihood of an accurate measurement .
However , errors and fluctuations in the data mean that high energy physicists require an effect of five - sigma to produce convincing evidence of a discovery .
On Tuesday , physicist and blogger Lubos Motl published more detail on the Tevatron rumours .
But he noted that the anonymous source for his information was sceptical of the observation .
Finding the Higgs is the primary aim of the £ 6bn ( $ 10 bn ) Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) experiment near Geneva .
But the giant particle smasher is not expected to be capable of searching for the signal from a Higgs boson until 2011 at the earliest .
So the possibility remains that the Tevatron could still make a discovery before the European machine .
Particle physicists are set to present new data from their experiments at the International Conference on High Energy Physics ( ICHEP ) in Paris from 22 - 28 July .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Important COVID - 19 ( Coronavirus ) Information
Mold Busters – Safely Providing Essential Services in Ontario & Québec
We are proud to be listed as an essential service by the Ontario & Québec governments .
Since 2005 , we have been helping clients in these two provinces decontaminate and disinfect their indoor environments .
Although there have been many recent changes in the world due to COVID - 19 , our commitment to providing safe and effective remediation services remains .
Now more than ever , we are here for you , your family , your business and your employees .
We are adhering to all provincial and federal recommendations as we continue to offer our inspection , testing , remediation and disinfection services during this pandemic .
Our highly trained and experienced staff are taking additional precautions to keep you safe .
For us , it ’s business as usual .
We ’re taking on the fight , one spore and one virus at a time , so that you can stay safe and breathe more easily .
Give us a call .
We ’re here to help .
Death Toll Rises to 19 Focus Shifts to Organizers after Love Parade Stampede
German officials confirmed on Sunday that 19 people died and 342 were injured during the mass panic that turned Saturday 's Love Parade in Duisburg into a tragedy .
Prosecutors have launched an investigation , with initial questions focusing on the organizers ' crowd control strategy .
South Carolina budget cuts target education and health care
By Rosa Shahnazarian
9 June 2010
The South Carolina legislature last week approved a $ 4.9 billion state budget for the 2010 - 2011 fiscal year .
The budget includes huge cuts in education , AIDS funding , and other social programs and includes no tax or fee increases .
The budgetary cuts are part of a nationwide austerity policy being implemented in states across the country , cutting programs on which working people depend while preserving the profits of the wealthy corporations .
The bill will next make its way to the office of Republican Governor Mark Sanford , who will have the power to veto specific provisions before the bill is executed July 1 .
House Speaker Bobby Harrell and Senate President Pro Tem Glenn McConnell , both Republicans , said they expect the legislature will agree to a number of likely vetoes by the governor when the bill returns to the legislature on June 15 .
The budget , which would place spending at $ 4.9 billion , represents a reduction of more than 25 percent compared to the 2006 - 2007 budget of $ 6.658 billion .
Last Wednesday , the House was 13 votes short of agreeing to the version of the bill proposed on May 27 by a conference committee composed of six members from both the House and the Senate .
On Thursday , minutes before the 5 p.m. deadline , Republicans who had been blocking passage of the budget agreed to a compromise on the issue of state health plan abortion coverage .
In March , a group of House Republicans rallied in an all - night session with the goal of ending all abortion coverage for rape and incest victims under the state health insurance plan .
The Senate version of the bill removed this provision , and the conference committee version did not restore it .
Republicans in favor of the abortion provision agreed to vote for the conference committee ’s version of the budget because of promises that a separate bill instituting a 24 - hour waiting period for abortions and legislation to end abortion coverage in instances of rape and incest will be a legislative priority next year .
Education
Schools in South Carolina have already faced more than $ 800 million in cuts over the past two years .
On April 14 , hundreds of people rallied in the capital to oppose further cuts .
Myrtle Beach ’s Horry County School District will likely have to cut $ 17 million from its budget for the upcoming school year , based on the South Carolina budget approved Thursday .
The school board will be deciding this week how to implement the cuts , which will undoubtedly fall hard on district students .
“ The children are the ones who are losing on this , ” Charline Web , whose son is a middle school student in the district , told Myrtle Beach ’s WMBF News .
Misty Brigham , whose daughter is an elementary school , told reporters that “ they do n’t need to start putting 30 to 40 students per classroom like has been talked about because that lowers my child ’s education . ”
Schools in the city of Charleston also face a likely cut of $ 7 million .
Health care
On May 25 , 2010 , several hundred people rallied at the South Carolina State House to protest budget cuts to the AIDS drug assistance program .
The program provides AIDS medication to about 2,000 people who cannot afford the medication on their own .
Dr. Bambi Gaddist , who chairs the HIV / AIDS Care Crisis Taskforce , says the medication — which will now be unavailable to people who depend on the program — helps reduce the likelihood that the disease is spread .
South Carolina ranks seventh in the country in newly reported HIV and AIDS cases , and this new reduction in spending will lead to a further deterioration of public health in the state .
A provision in the bill would also eliminate breast cancer screenings for 16,000 poor South Carolina women .
Opponents of the cuts have cited cancer survival statistics , along with South Carolina ’s own recent breast cancer statistics , pointing to the vital need for such screenings .
According to experts , if detected early , 98 percent of those diagnosed with breast cancer are still alive five years later .
If detected later , the five - year survival rate falls to 84 percent if the cancer has not spread , and falls dramatically , to only 23 percent , if the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
Approximately 2,820 new cases of invasive breast cancer were diagnosed in South Carolina in 2009 , and 640 women died of the disease .
According to the Best Chance Network ( BCN ) , South Carolina already has one of the highest rates of uninsured women in the nation .
The BCN is a division of the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control .
It provides mammograms , clinical breast exams , pap screenings , pelvic exams , diagnostic procedures , and community education on breast / cervical cancer and early detection .
The jobs bill passed last Friday by the US House could lead to a further reduction of South Carolina ’s budget by $ 175 million .
To appease Republicans , Democratic lawmakers revoked provisions that would have provided extra federal economic stimulus money to states and extended health insurance subsidies for unemployed workers .
Millions would be cut from South Carolina ’s Department of Health and Human Services programs , with Medicaid funding facing the biggest hit , at close to $ 30 million .
The Department of Health and Environmental Control , the Department of Mental Health , the Department of Social Services , Department of Health and Environmental Control , Department of Disabilities and Special Needs , the Department of Juvenile Justice , the Department of Probation , Parole & Pardon Services , and the Department of Motor Vehicles all face multimillion dollar cuts .
Sept 18 2007
We have n't even seen a copy of Halo 3 yet - although we have seen the ending - but already Bungie is dishing the know - how on one of the game 's most enticing features : The Forge .
Halo 3's
Forge is a gloriously friendly level - editor cum deathmatch mode .
You 'll be able to tweak and tinker with any of Bungie 's multiplayer maps - you can even invite up to seven other buddies into the editing action .
Though they can still shoot you in the head , even if you 're carefully placing a tower of Warhogs .
Fortuantely , when editing , you 'll take the form of a " free flying ball of omnipotence " , so evading pesky jokers should n't be too difficult .
Then , when your changes are complete , you can use it for real matches , or share it with the whole Halo 3 community .
For the full skinny on this exciting feature , check out Bungie 's weekly update .
Image caption
The site has made a series of changes to its privacy settings in recent months
Facebook has begun to roll out changes to the site in its efforts to appease critics of its privacy practices .
The change means that games and applications installed on a person 's profile must specify what personal information they will access and use .
The changes were first announced in 2009 in response to work with the Canadian Privacy Commissioner .
In May 2010 , the site was forced to overhaul its privacy settings in response to user concerns .
The moves were welcomed by privacy advocates .
" It is encouraging to see Facebook act on its stated commitment to providing users with simple but real control over their information , " said the US Center for Democracy and Technology .
" The changes Facebook announced today represent an important and positive step for the company . "
Single control
The changes will apply to all third - party applications and games that a user installs on their profile .
" With this new authorisation process , when you log into an application with your Facebook account , the application will only be able to access the public parts of your profile by default , " said the firm 's Bret Taylor in a blog post .
" To access the private sections of your profile , the application has to explicitly ask for your permission . "
A user will be presented with the permissions box every time they install a new application or first log in to an external website with their Facebook account .
The social network currently offers more than 550,000 applications , including games such as the popular Farmville .
The site says that more than 70 % of its 500 million users use an application every month .
Last month it was forced to simplify its privacy settings after storms of protest from users and privacy groups .
The new system brings all of the site 's settings into one page , with suggested default settings .
When they were introduced , Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg admitted the older settings had become too unwieldy and difficult for users .
" The number one thing we 've heard to that the settings have gotten complex and hard for people to use , " he said at the time .
Hours after criminal charges against him were withdrawn , Ontario 's former Attorney General said he will " never forget " the night he was involved in a fatal altercation with a Toronto cyclist last summer .
" This is not a morality play about bikes versus cars , drivers versus cyclists or one about class privilege or politics .
It 's just about how in 28 seconds everything can change and how time marches on .
And so will I , " Michael Bryant said at a news conference Tuesday afternoon .
Bryant was charged with criminal negligence causing death and dangerous driving after getting into a violent dispute with bike courier Darcy Allan Sheppard last August in downtown Toronto .
Special prosecutor Richard Peck told a courtroom Tuesday morning that he had no reasonable grounds for conviction after assessing the evidence in the case .
Peck also described the 33 - year - old victim as the aggressor in the incident .
" ( Bryant ) was attacked by a man who unfortunately was in a rage , " he told reporters outside the Queen Street courthouse shortly after the proceedings .
" He was legally justified in his attempt to get away . "
Bryant was heading home after a night out with his wife on the Danforth when he got into a minor collision with the cyclist .
The court heard the situation soon escalated , as Sheppard grabbed on to Bryant 's convertible , struggling with him at the wheel as the car veered out of control .
Sheppard hit a fire hydrant on the sidewalk as the car drove off at about 34 kilometres per hour and suffered a fatal blow when his head his the curb .
Peck said an autopsy showed that Sheppard had twice the legal alcohol limit in his system at the time of the incident .
One witness said Sheppard was acting like a " mad man , " Peck said .
The investigation also found that Sheppard was on top of Bryant , as the car veered out of control .
Small traces of the cyclist 's blood were found on the inside of the windshield .
" I do n't think we 'll ever have a clear understanding of what happened , " Peck said .
Witnesses told police that Sheppard had run-ins with six other motorists the same month he got into an altercation with Bryant .
One surveillance camera caught Sheppard latching on to another vehicle , this time a BMW SUV .
Apology
Peck also detailed the victim 's troubled past in court , saying he was moved into several foster homes before he was adopted at age six .
Sheppard had a substance abuse problem , court heard .
Sheppard 's adopted father and his girlfriend were in court Tuesday morning .
Both were visibly emotional after the proceedings .
" I do n't know what justice is in this circumstance , " his father told reporters after court .
" I 'm not happy with the result but I do n't know what would have made me happy .
" I believe that the people who made the decisions heard me and talked to me with great respect and they 've made a decision that I 'll accept , " he added .
Bryant used the news conference to apologize to Sheppard 's family and assure them that he will always remember the events of that evening .
" I 'll never forget for the rest of my life the unnecessary tragedy of that night , " he said .
" ( To his friends and family ) I express my sympathies and sincere condolences .
I have grieved that loss and always will . "
Bryant said he is looking forward to going back to work at Toronto law firm Ogilvy Renault and thanks his legal team and wife for sticking by him .
He said he felt " terrified and panicked " during the ordeal but that he has no anger towards Sheppard .
Friends , family remember in vigil
Bryant was criticized for driving erratically while Sheppard was hanging on to the car .
He was also questioned by police for leaving the scene of the accident and calling police minutes later from a hotel driveway , located a block away from where Sheppard laid on the roadway .
When asked by a news reporter why he did n't take his foot off the pedal , Bryant paused and then said that he has thought a lot about what he would do differently if he had the chance .
" What happened has been really exhaustively described by the prosecutor and that 's what happened , " he said .
" I obviously wish that none of it had happened .
None of it . "
News of the withdrawn charges spread quickly through Toronto 's cyclist community .
At the time of the incident , cyclists protested on the streets and complained Bryant was receiving preferential treatment .
Several cyclists stood outside the Queen Street courthouse waiting for Bryant and the prosecutor to emerge .
Many said they will hold a vigil at Bay and Bloor Streets that was held Tuesday evening in honour of Sheppard .
Bryant , a Harvard - educated lawyer , was at one point favoured to replace Dalton McGuinty as the head of Ontario 's Liberal Party .
He resigned from politics in 2009 to take a high - profile job as CEO of Invest Toronto .
He stepped down from that job days after he was charged in the cyclist 's death , announcing his resignation in a letter that also declared his innocence .
Peck was brought in from Vancouver to prosecute the case .
Ontario chose to have an independent prosecutor in order to avoid any conflict of interest .
Peck told the court Tuesday that it was his decision alone to withdraw the charges .
-- Blogspotting :
She came , she saw -- she ate L.A. California girl - turned - New Yawker Kathy Patalsky blew through Los Angeles for a weekend and documented every vegan bite at her popular blog and website , Healthy - Happy - Life.com .
At left : the Twister Wrap at Native Foods Cafe in Westwood .
And here 's her " I Love L.A. " for vegan dining recommendations and more :
--
What would happen if you made sushi ... using Swedish fish ?
This .
--
You laptop types love the newly free Wi-Fi at Starbucks , right ?
But what about the folks who like their coffee without Internet service -- or would at least like to find an open chair while enjoying that overpriced cup of joe ?
-- Ripe heirloom tomatoes in May ?!?!
How could that be ?
Find out how a lucky mistake -- a runaway tomato at the end of last season 's harvest -- has one gardener wondering whether she should start planing tomatoes in the fall ...
-- " If Jimi Hendrix and Jack the Ripper had opened a bar in the Haight in the 1860s , this is what it would look like . "
That 's celebrity interior designer Dana Hollister talking about her new bar , Villains Tavern , slated to open soon at 1356 Palmetto St. , near the Arts District .
Vintage chandeliers , blood - red walls , a repurposed bar that started life in The Bowery in the 1880s are on tap , along with nearly 30 draft beers , according to the announcement .
-- Beloved movie critic Roger Ebert -- whose battle with cancer left him unable to speak or eat -- is publishing a cookbook dedicated to rice cookers , a kitchen appliance he lovingly calls " The Pot " and champions as an answer for those strapped for cash , time and counter space .
" To be sure , health problems have prevented me from eating , " Ebert writes in the book .
" That did not discourage my cooking .
It became an exercise more pure , freed of biological compulsion . "
-- Talk about a food fight : Police in Washington state responded to a fight that broke out between a brother and sister over whether to use butter or margarine in a batch of mac - n - cheese .
I do n't know for sure , but I 'll bet that tensions were running high because they were making some really fancy mac like this , and not the stuff in the box .
-- Rene Lynch
twitter.com/renelynch
Photo credit : Kathy Patalsky
The worst fears of one conservationist may be coming true .
Admiral Thad Allen said Friday that the cap placed over the leaking well was only collecting oil at a rate of 42,000 gallons a day .
Recent estimates put the leak ’s flow at 500,000 to a million gallons a day .
That figure may have increased by 20 percent after the pipe at the top of the blowout preventer was cut off during BP ’s latest attempt to staunch the flow .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If the cap does n’t work , we ’re going to have three times the amount of oil in the Gulf of Mexico , ” conservationist Rick Steiner told MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann Thursday .
As much as 46 million gallons have already leaked into the Gulf .
If the “ cut and cap ” operation fails there could be more than 138 million gallons of oil spilled before a relief well is finished in August .
Even that estimate may be conservative .
Some have said that worst case scenario is that the leak could last until Christmas .
Steiner complained that it ’s hard to know the true scope of the leak and the effectiveness of the cap since BP is not allowing independent experts to monitor their progress .
“ The only people in the ROV operating room for this project are BP , and their contractors for the federal agencies , ” he said .
“ Honestly we ca n’t believe a thing BP says and a lot of people are starting to question what they ’re hearing out of the administration simply because both have their own vested interests here , ” said Steiner .
ADVERTISEMENT
The marine conservationist has requested to be present in the ROV operating room to observe the procedures .
“ I ’ve asked Admiral Allen and the EPA administrator to put me in the room , ” Steiner told Olbermann .
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast June 3 , 2010 .
Watch the 2013 NBA Finals as it unfolds .
The best basketball shows on the planet just keeps getting exciting as two of the best teams in the NBA battle it all out for the throne .
Watch history as it unfolds as we bring you the 2013 NBA Finals Live .
The San Antonio came in to the finals smoking hot against the teams in the West .
Sweeping off the formidable Grizz to capture the Conference championship .
But the Spurs are not done yet .
Many analyst think ( so do I ) they were old to make a run for the nba title , but they prove us wrong .
Orchestrated but probably the best PG in the NBA Tony Parker and ageless center Tim Duncan .
The Spurs become one of the best success stories in the NBA .
This could be Duncan 's last shot to win the NBA title and Im sure his teammates will not let him down .
But can they dismantle the best the East can offer ?
The Miami Heat emerge victorious after a grueling 7 game series with the Pacers .
The Heat is on their third NBA Finals appearance since the trio of Wade , Bosh and LeBron come together .
Can they win it all again and cemented themselves as the new NBA dynasty ?
After her mother in law passed away , Rachel proudly told me " she wanted to talk about the fact that she was dying , but we did not let her . "
Why , I wondered , though I already knew .
Death , the one certainty life holds for us , is often considered too painful to discuss .
We avoid the topic , at the cost of making it not just painful , but also extremely .
How can one make decisions regarding treatment , organ donation , and , ultimately , pulling the plug , if her loved ones are pretending these decisions are irrelevant , choosing instead to talk about the weather .
It need not be this way .
The Indians , in fact , acknowledge death on a daily basis , breathing in and out their three oms - for birth , life , and , well , the end , as part of yoga practice .
As for us , our rituals often make it as far as possible from down to earth .
A new casket , of all things , on display at the Design Triennial , Cooper - Hewitt National Design Museum , on view till January 9 , 2011 offers a new , demystifying approach .
New Zealand 's Greg Holdsworth designed a low " simple , nontoxic , biodegradable casket made of light and attractive [ I swear to God , this is what is says on the exhibit plack ] plywood . "
Every detail was taken into consideration , and " handles are integrated into the base while a wood frame provides a natural cushion . "
The humble , IKEAesque creation , was meant to help overcome the pollution caused by burning plastic and paint during cremation .
As far as I 'm concerned , genius design notwithstanding , the name of the product , ‘ Return to Sender " is its biggest selling point .
No sugar coating .
No making belief like the person will just resting , soon to stretch and walk around .
No over - dramatization either .
Just the plain , reassuring truth , that the casket is but a vessel , a means of transportation , a predictable stop in life 's journey , going full circle .
Perhaps this novel product will redesign not only how we think about burial , but also how we think about the slow process of dying , and whether we venture to speak of it .
http://www.cooperhewitt.org/EXHIBITIONS/triennial/why-design-now.asp
For those who dare , a new project ' Engage with Grace ' offers one slide which tackles the difficult end of life questions , in as matter of fact a manner as can humanly , and humanely , be performed .
Before we return to sender .
http://www.engagewithgrace.org/
Image caption Declan Shanley drowned after going to the aid of a friend
A 13 - year - old boy has drowned after jumping into a river to save a friend .
Declan Shanley , from Summerston in Glasgow , was swept away by a strong current in the River Kelvin , near the West of Scotland Science Park .
He had gone to the aid of a friend who had strayed into deep water in an area known locally as the beach .
The girl was able to get back to shore .
However , Declan , described by his head teacher as a " popular boy " , was pronounced dead in hospital .
The friends had been playing in shallow water at about 1830 BST on Saturday when the girl got into trouble .
Declan , a pupil at the John Paul Academy in Glasgow , and another boy , jumped in to help her but Declan was swept away .
' Brave wee boy '
An extensive search and rescue operation , involving police , Strathclyde Fire and Rescue and a helicopter , later found Declan in the water about 2030 BST .
He was taken by ambulance to the city 's Western Infirmary but pronounced dead on arrival .
A message posted on the internet tribute site Gone Too Soon , described Declan as a " much - loved " family member .
It added : " He will be sadly missed but in our hearts forever .
Declan we all love and miss u so much . "
Declan 's head teacher Vincent Docherty said : " I know everyone at the school will be shocked and saddened by this tragic news .
" Declan was a lovely boy , popular and full of life , who will be very sadly missed by all who knew him .
" Our thoughts and prayers are obviously very much with his family and friends at this time and we shall be supporting them in any way we can . "
Ch Insp Grahame Clarke described the youngster as a " very brave wee boy " but warned others of the dangers of playing in or around water .
He said : " This was a tragic accident .
" Declan had been out all day with his friends playing by the sandy area , known locally as ' the beach ' .
" They had all been in the shallow water , but one of the children fell into the deeper water and got into difficulty .
" Declan and one of his friends jumped in to help , but Declan got into difficulty and was swept away by the strong current .
" Declan was a very brave wee boy , who died trying to rescue his friend . "
In July 1979 , Horace A. Knowles applied for a patent for a “ novelty toy which assists the user in twiddling his thumbs ” :
Heretofore no equipment has been available to the thumb twiddler to assist him in the twiddling procedure .
To those twiddlers who lack sufficient coordination , not only is the repose and peace of mind which thumb twiddling normally brings not available , but the inability to carry out the twiddling successfully , including the inadvertent bumping of the thumbs against one another during the twiddling motion , causes additional frustration .
Is this satire ?
I ca n’t tell , and neither could the Patent Office — they approved Knowles ’ application the following year .
The screens very small and the text is hard to read , so it would be better if it was bigger , you can do this easily by editing the settings on the upload .
Apart from that though , great game
We set out hoping to raise enough funds to help us pay for part of FUBAR Volume 2 ’s offset printing .
We were worried that our Kickstarter campaign would n’t get but a handful of backers .
As it turns out , we did just fine .
The funds raised through our Kickstarter campaign having greatly exceeded what we ’d hoped for now will not only pay for the entire print run , but will also allow us to print more books than we had originally intended .
Looking over the data from our backers , I ’m honored and humbled to see that outside of our contributors and friends many people from all over the world liked what they saw enough to put up some of their hard earned cash .
FUBAR Central Command will be hunkering down and knocking out these reward sketches for our backers .
Stay tuned , pics to come soon .
On behalf of all 35 creators involved I humbly thank all of our pledgers and everyone that helped us get the word out !
You guys are amazing and we could n’t have come close to pulling this off without you guys .
Windows 7 : Everybody knows that you can right - click any application to launch it as administrator , but what you might not know is there 's an even quicker way you can trigger administrator mode .
Advertisement
The Guiding Tech blog points out that you can simply hold the Ctrl and Shift keys while double - clicking on any shortcut or application to launch it as administrator .
We 've pointed out this trick before in our power user 's guide to the Windows 7 taskbar — since you can use this trick for pinned applications or taskbar buttons — but it should actually work anywhere in the Windows shell .
Of course , you 'll still be prompted to click through a permission prompt , but you can always disable UAC if you find it too annoying .
Advertisement
15 Killer Windows 7 Keyboard Shortcuts That Might Surprise You [ Guiding Tech ]
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Consumer Reports said it cannot recommend Apple ’s iPhone 4 to buyers after tests confirmed the device ’s well - publicized reception glitches .
A customer looks at an iPhone 4 at the Apple Store 5th Avenue in New York , in this June 24 , 2010 file photo .
REUTERS / Eric
Thayer / Files
It added that that AT&T Inc , the exclusive mobile phone carrier for the iPhone 4 , was not necessarily the main culprit .
The influential nonprofit organization , which publishes guides on everything from cars to TVs , said in a report released on Monday that it also tested other phones -- including the iPhone 3GS and Palm Pre -- and found none had the signal - loss problems of Apple ’s latest iPhone .
The report was the latest blow to the iPhone 4 , which sold 1.7 million units in its first three days on the market but has been plagued by complaints of poor reception .
Many of the complaints involve a wraparound antenna whose signal strength is said to be affected if touched in a certain way .
Kaufman Bros analyst Shaw
Wu said he was surprised by the stance that Consumer Reports took on the new iPhone .
Wu noted that the group ’s recommendations are used as a guide by many consumers .
“ Consumer reports is a respected publication .
This could have an impact on iPhone sales , ” Wu said .
Apple shares were down 1 percent at $ 257.06 on Monday afternoon on the Nasdaq .
The company has been sued by iPhone customers in at least three complaints related to antenna problems .
“ When your finger or hand touches a spot on the phone ’s lower left side -- an easy thing , especially for lefties -- the signal can significantly degrade enough to cause you to lose your connection altogether if you ’re in an area with a weak signal , ” contributor Mike Gikas said in a report on the Consumer Reports website .
“ Our findings call into question the recent claim by Apple that the iPhone 4 ’s signal - strength issues were largely an optical illusion caused by faulty software that ‘ mistakenly displays 2 more bars than it should for a given signal strength , ’ ” Gikas said .
Apple did not respond to a request for comment .
Gikas recommended covering the gap in the wraparound antenna with duct tape or some other non-conductive material .
Apple has said almost any cellphone will suffer a loss of signal if held in certain ways .
It said later it had discovered a software glitch that overstates signal strength , though it did not directly address concerns about the antenna with that admission .
On the flip side , Consumer Reports said the iPhone scored high on other testing grounds such as battery life , sharp display and high - quality video camera .
However , Gikas said the signal problem was the reason the iPhone 4 would not be classified as a “ recommended ” device in its smartphone ratings .
“ Apple needs to come out with a permanent -- and free -- fix to the antenna problem before we can recommend the iPhone4 , ” said Gikas in his blog post on ConsumerReports.org .
If You Don't Want Your Car Stolen , Make It Pink
New research from the Netherlands finds that thieves are less likely to steal brightly colored cars because of their lower resale value .
If you really want to ensure your car is n’t stolen , go pink .
Of the 109 pink cars in the research sample , none were stolen .
( Insert your own Dutch joke about orange soccer jerseys here . )
“ If the aversion to driving a car in an offbeat color is not too high — or if someone actually enjoys it — then buying deterrence through an uncommon car color may be at least as good a deal as buying deterrence through an expensive car security device , ” writes Ben Vollaard , who conducted the research .
[ % comments ]
Federal regulators on Thursday rescinded drilling permits issued a day earlier to companies for new oil and gas wells in the Gulf of Mexico , prompting market confusion and a spike in oil prices .
An administration spokeswoman said the government had told companies seeking permits to drill in shallow water to wait " a day or two " until regulators issued guidelines for new permit requirements for shallow - water drilling projects .
Offshore ...
On The Job is an application designed to help you track your time and expenses , and bill your clients by easily and quickly creating professional invoices .
On The Job is straightforward and easy to use letting you focus on what 's important .
It all starts with Clients .
Track client information such as names , addresses , and hourly rates .
Create fully customizable settings for invoice number generation .
Clients contain Jobs and Invoices , both of which can be organized into folders .
Jobs can contain four basic types of items : Timed , Fixed Cost , Quantity , and Mileage .
These items correspond to line items on an invoice .
Timed items track time in timing sessions .
A new session is added each time the timer is run .
If you need to quickly add or adjust times , you can use Quick Add ( for those times a client calls you at one in the morning and the last thing on your mind is starting a timer ) and Quick Modify ( in case you forgot to stop the timer when you started working on something else ) .
The Combined Online Information System ( COINS ) is a database about UK Government expenditure , collecting financial data from across the public sector , but not down to transaction level .
COINS was replaced by OSCAR in 2013 - see OSCAR data here : http://data.gov.uk/dataset/oscar
The Treasury used COINS to produce expenditure data in the Budget report ; Supply Estimates ; Public Expenditure Statistical Analyses ( PESA ) ; Whole of Government Accounts ( WGA ) ; the monthly Public Sector Finance Releases .
It was also used by the ONS for other National Statistics releases .
At the release of the COINS raw data in June 2010 , the government committed to publishing additional datasets utilising the COINS raw data .
In August 2010 we published the first of these datasets showing in year time series data .
The in - year dataset is updated quarterly and will be published in the links below .
The aim of these data releases is to make key parts of the COINS data accessible , manageable and comprehensible to the wider public , whilst maintaining a low level of aggregation .
Datasets for the time series and for the outturn to budget comparison can assist in interpreting the COINS raw data .
At the same time users will be able to drill down behind previously released high level aggregates .
More information regarding the COINS releases can be found at : http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20130502090704/http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk/psr_coins_data.htm
The bill that so angered American Jewish leaders was actually aimed at making conversion easier for the 300,000 Israelis among the 1 million who moved to Israel from the former Soviet Union in the 1990s .
Those Israelis are not , by Orthodox rabbinic law , considered Jewish because they come from mixed parentage .
The law would have tried to make conversion easier by granting conversion powers to local rabbis across the country , a group considered closer to their communities .
But after objections from the ultra-Orthodox , the bill formally placed authority for conversion in the hands of the chief rabbinate and declared Orthodox Jewish law to be the basis of conversion , making Americans fear that their more lenient conversion processes would be invalidated .
Many American Jews consider the Netanyahu government to be too hawkish , and the conversion controversy is seen by some analysts here and in the United States as a proxy for a broader set of disagreements , including settlement building and the Gaza blockade .
Rabbi Shlomo Amar , the chief Sephardic rabbi of Israel , said in an interview that Mr. Netanyahu had told him that he needed American Jews on his side in his negotiations with President Obama over peace with the Palestinians , and that the controversy over the conversion bill was getting in the way .
Rabbi David Schuck of the Pelham Jewish Center in Westchester County , N.Y. , said of the religious conversion bill , “ It spits in the face of Diaspora Jews in particular , and if passed , it would be an acquiescence of the majority of Israeli Jews to a fundamentalist interpretation of Judaism . ”
Annual report design inspiration Annual Reports are usually boring printed numbers to show where a company stands .
In this series we take a closer look at good designed annual reports , which can improve a professional approach and staying ahead of your competition .
An annual report is a document a company presents at Annual General Meeting for approval by its shareholders , or a charitable organization presents its trustees .
1. Featured showcase : IMC Annual Report
For IMC , Fitzroy designed a unique annual report .
IMC – a renowned derivative trading house with over 500 employees worldwide – is an active trader in almost every stock market in the world .
They constantly have to deal with stock exhanges ’ information and its ever changing highs and lows .
In the annual report , this information is translated in a unique way by showing in 24 pages the 24 hours of a trading day .
Which stock exhange opens and which one closes ; what information is relevant .
By using the green ( increase ) and red ( decline ) filters , the data of a hectic trading day are pushed to the background , so that only IMC ’s active fields ( the stock markets and the arrows ) remain visible .
A final detail : based on GMT the stock exchanges trading at night are displayed in blue , while the ones trading during the day are displayed in yellow .
Visit Fitzroy for more information .
Out of the box designs
The following design examples are great inspiration for out of the box thinking .
2. Agency : Kuhlmann Leavitt
This impactful piece captures the reader with exquisite black and white photography and classic yet whimsical typography customized to each shot .
Visit the agency Kuhlmann Leavitt for more information and photos 3 .
Agency : Bruketa Zinic Well Done : a food company annual report that has to be cooked first .
Croatian creative agency Bruketa & Zinić have designed an annual report for food company Podravka that has to be baked in an oven before it can be read .
Visit the design company Bruketa Zinic
See this great full pictured article about this exceptional annual report .
4. Agency : Migreyes Unique annual report that highlights Konami ’s goal to target beyond Japan .
Visit the detailed information about Konami ’s Annual Report at Migreyes 5 .
Feltron
A unique layout and information presenting annual report from Feltron .
Take a look at the website for more photos and screenshots of Feltron ’s Annual Report
Simply beautiful Annual Report Design
Just beautiful annual report design with great color usage , typography and photo use .
6. British Council Annual Report Navig8 won in a bid against the British Council ’s prestigious list of suppliers to design and print manage their annual report .
Visit the Navig8 website for more information .
7 . Airtricity Annual Report Great design , creative view on getting numbers to look attractive .
The photos and quotes included in this annual report are great designed .
Take a look at the agency website for more information .
8. Catalyst Recruitment
Our clients will no doubt have a clearer understanding of the diversity of our business and specialist areas and we would have no hesitation in recommending Lemonade to other customers due to their professional service , follow through and innovative creative design .
Visit the website Lemonade Agency for more information about this fabulous annual report .
9 . Agency Methodologie Univar NV is one of the world ’s leading independent distributors of industrial chemicals and providers of related specialty services , operating throughout North America and Europe .
Designed by Methodologie , an award winning design agency with a creative view on annual reporting .
Visit the website Methodologie for more information and their portfolio .
10 . Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center Annual Report
This annual design is designed with many photos and good typography usage .
This serious subject is presented in a great designed annual report .
Visit the website and download the completePDF annual report .
11 . Stedelijk Museum Jaarverslag
The design Agency Deel Drie designed the annual report for Het Stedelijk museum Amsterdam , with large black / white headlines combined with colorful photos this is great work .
Visit the website and download the complete annual report for Het Stedelijk Musuem .
12 . Geest Annual Report Designed by Navyblue , the Geest annual report has won the ProShare Award for Best Annual Report for Private Investors ( FTSE 500 ) for an unprecedented five years in succession .
Visit the agency website for more information 13 .
Agency Hirshorn Zuckerman Design Group Legacy ’s campaigns are designed to engage , and this report had to do the same .
That strong cover statement —
“ The Story of the Year ” — leads the reader into a variety of campaign voices and intimate portraits backed by strong colors .
Visit the website from Hirshorn Zuckerman Design Group for more information .
14 . Agency SamataMason For Strategic Hotels and Resorts SamataMason designed a wonderful paper sculptor and the typography .
Visit the website from SamataMason for more information .
15 . Agency Sibley / Peteet Design Austin For Tropical Sportswear Sibley / Peteet Design Austin created a beautiful crafted annual report , titled “ The Perfect Pair ” , the front cover communicates the title on a hang tag on the back pocket of a pair of khakis .
See the website for more information and examples .
16 . BNP Paribas Annual Report BNP Paribas Assurance develops and markets savings , protection and property & casualty insurance products in 42 countries under two brands , those brand are financially reported in this nice designed annual report .
Visit the website BNP Paribas for a full PDF version of the Annual Report 2006 and 2007 .
17 . The Equality Authority
An attractive and innovative document that reaches out and communicates very effectively with the very diverse audience we strive to serve .
Visit the website for more information and a full PDF download .
18 . Annual Report Transparency International 2006 Transparency International ’s Annual Report 2006 showcases last year ’s successes for the anti-corruption movement , as well as innovation in measurement tools , targeted advocacy work and sector - specific projects from TI chapters .
Visit the website Transparency to download the full PDF version .
19 . Overall design tips for Annual Report Design
A well - written and designed annual report is a must to reinforce a hard won reputation .
Stakeholders need to be assured the organisation is not in the business of cutting corners or taking the easy way out Visit the website for more tips about annual reporting design .
The scientific insight that our very existence , through evolution , requires a universe of the very size , scale , and age that we see around us implies that the universe , in a certain sense , had us in mind from the very beginning ....
If this universe was indeed primed for human life , then it is only fair to say , from a theist 's point of view , that each of us is the result of a thought of God , despite the existence of natural processes that gave rise to us .
Miller equates the faith of religious believers with physicists ' " faith " in a naturalistic explanation for physical laws :
Believers ... are right to remind skeptics and agnostics that one of their favored explanations for the nature of our existence involves an element of the imagination as wild as any tale in a sacred book : namely , the existence of countless parallel simultaneous universes with which we can never communicate and whose existence we cannot even test .
Such belief also requires an extraordinary level of " faith " and the nonreligious would do well to admit as much .
Well , physicists are not ready to admit as much .
Contrary to Miller 's claim , the existence of multiverses does not require a leap of faith nearly as large as that of imagining a God .
And some scientific explanations of the anthropic principle are testable .
Indeed , a few predictions of Smolin 's theory have already been confirmed , adding to its credibility .
It may be wrong , but wait a decade and we will know a lot more about the anthropic principle .
In the meantime , it is simply wrong to claim that proposing a provisional and testable scientific hypothesis -- not a " belief " -- is equivalent to religious faith .
IV .
The most common way to harmonize science and religion is to contend that they are different but complementary ways of understanding the world .
That is , there are different " truths " offered by science and by religion that , taken together , answer every question about ourselves and the universe .
Giberson explains :
I worry that scientific progress has bewitched us into thinking that there is nothing more to the world than what we can understand ....
Science has perhaps gotten as much from the materialistic paradigm as it is going to get .
Matter in motion , so elegantly described by Newton and those who followed him , may not be the best way to understand the world ....
I think there are ways , though , that we can begin to look at the creation and understand that the scientific view is not all - encompassing .
Science provides a partial set of insights that , though powerful , do n't answer all the questions .
Usually the questions said to fall outside science include those of meaning , purpose , and morality .
In one of his last books , Rocks of Ages : Science and Religion in the Fullness of Life , Stephen Jay Gould called this reconciliation NOMA , for " non-overlapping magisteria " : " Science tries to document the factual character of the natural world , and to develop theories that coordinate and explain these facts .
Religion , on the other hand , operates in the equally important , but utterly different , realm of human purposes , meanings and values -- subjects that the factual domain of science might illuminate , but can never resolve . "
Gould offered this not as a utopian vision , but as an actual description of why the realms of science and religion do not overlap .
As a solution to our perplexity , this is no good .
In a spirit of pluralism it ignores the obvious conflicts between them .
Gould salvaged his idea by redefining his terms -- the old trick , again -- writing off creationism as " improper religion " and defining secular sources of ethics , meanings and values as being " fundamentally religious . "
The NOMA solution falls apart for other reasons .
Despite Gould 's claims to the contrary , supernatural phenomena are not completely beyond the realm of science .
All scientists can think of certain observations that would convince them of the existence of God or supernatural forces .
In a letter to the American biologist Asa Gray , Darwin noted :
Your question what would convince me of Design is a poser .
If I saw an angel come down to teach us good , and I was convinced from others seeing him that I was not mad , I should believe in design .
If I could be convinced thoroughly that life and mind was in an unknown way a function of other imponderable force , I should be convinced .
If man was made of brass or iron and no way connected with any other organism which had ever lived , I should perhaps be convinced .
But this is childish writing .
Similarly , if a nine - hundred - foot - tall Jesus appeared to the residents of New York City , as he supposedly did to the evangelist Oral Roberts in Oklahoma , and this apparition were convincingly documented , most scientists would fall on their knees with hosannas .
Scientists do indeed rely on materialistic explanations of nature , but it is important to understand that this is not an a priori philosophical commitment .
It is , rather , the best research strategy that has evolved from our long - standing experience with nature .
There was a time when God was a part of science .
Newton thought that his research on physics helped clarify God 's celestial plan .
So did Linnaeus , the Swedish botanist who devised our current scheme for organizing species .
But over centuries of research we have learned that the idea " God did it " has never advanced our understanding of nature an iota , and that is why we abandoned it .
In the early 1800s , the French mathematician Laplace presented Napoleon with a copy of his great five - volume work on the solar system , the Mechanique Celeste .
Aware that the books contained no mention of God , Napoleon taunted him , " Monsieur Laplace , they tell me you have written this large book on the system of the universe , and have never even mentioned its Creator . "
Laplace answered , famously and brusquely : " Je n'avais pas besoin de cette hypothese - la , " " I have had no need of that hypothesis . "
And scientists have not needed it since .
In a common error , Giberson confuses the strategic materialism of science with an absolute commitment to a philosophy of materialism .
He claims that " if the face of Jesus appeared on Mount Rushmore with God 's name signed underneath , geologists would still have to explain this curious phenomenon as an improbable byproduct of erosion and tectonics . "
Nonsense .
There are so many phenomena that would raise the specter of God or other supernatural forces : faith healers could restore lost vision , the cancers of only good people could go into remission , the dead could return to life , we could find meaningful DNA sequences that could have been placed in our genome only by an intelligent agent , angels could appear in the sky .
The fact that no such things have ever been scientifically documented gives us added confidence that we are right to stick with natural explanations for nature .
And it explains why so many scientists , who have learned to disregard God as an explanation , have also discarded him as a possibility .
This brings us to the second reason why Gould 's explanation does not cohere .
It is all well and good to say , as he did , that religion makes no claims about nature , but in practice it is not true .
Out of the thousands of religious sects on this planet , only a handful do not have adherents or dogmas that make empirical claims about the world .
Here are some .
Jesus was born of a virgin and , after crucifixion , came back to life .
After Mary 's death , her physical body was transported to heaven .
The Prophet Mohammed ascended to heaven on the back of a white horse .
After death , every being is reincarnated in some other form .
The god Brahma emerged from a lotus flower that grew from the navel of Vishnu , and , on Vishnu 's command , created the universe .
God listens and responds to prayer .
Sea mammals come from the chopped - off fingers of the Inuit god Sedna .
You will gain wealth and happiness if you send money to the ministry of Creflo Dollar .
Those are the dogmas .
To see what the faithful actually believe , consider that more than 60 percent of Americans believe in miracles , the virgin birth of Jesus , his divinity and resurrection ( Giberson and Miller are among them ) , the survival of the soul after death , and the existence of Hell and Satan .
Regardless of what liberal theologians claim , most of us are not deists or Unitarians .
And if you think that Americans see the Bible as mere metaphorical poetry , I invite you to visit a gospel church in Wasilla , Alaska , or on the South Side of Chicago .
Many religious beliefs can be scientifically tested , at least in principle .
Faith - based healing is particularly suited to these tests .
Yet time after time it has failed them .
After seeing the objects cast off by visitors to Lourdes , Anatole France is said to have remarked , " All those canes , braces and crutches , and not a single glass eye , wooden leg , or toupee ! "
If God can cure cancer , why is He impotent before missing eyes and limbs ?
Recent scientific studies of intercessory prayer -- when the sick do not know whether they are being prayed for -- have not shown the slightest evidence that it works .
Nor do we have scientifically rigorous demonstrations of miracles , despite the Vatican 's requirement that two miracles be proven for canonizing every saint .
Holy relics , such as the Shroud of Turin , have turned out to be clever fakes .
There is no corroborated evidence that anyone has spoken from beyond the grave .
And what about the ancient " foundational " miracles , such as those supposedly performed by Christ , Buddha , and Mohammed ?
We were not there when they happened , so we can not test them .
But at least we can apply the same standards to these as we do to other Biblical or Koranic claims .
Like Giberson , Miller rejects a literal interpretation of the Bible .
After discussing the fossil record , he contends that " a literal reading of the Genesis story is simply not scientifically valid , " concluding that " theology does not and cannot pretend to be scientific , but it can require of itself that it be consistent with science and conversant with it . "
But this leads to a conundrum .
Why reject the story of creation and Noah's Ark because we know that animals evolved , but nevertheless accept the reality of the virgin birth and resurrection of Christ , which are equally at odds with science ?
After all , biological research suggests the impossibility of human females reproducing asexually , or of anyone reawakening three days after death .
Clearly Miller and Giberson , along with many Americans , have some theological views that are not " consistent with science . "
What , then , is the nature of " religious truth " that supposedly complements " scientific truth " ?
The first thing we should ask is whether , and in what sense , religious assertions are " truths . "
Truth implies the possibility of falsity , so we should have a way of knowing whether religious truths are wrong .
But unlike scientific truths , religious ones differ from person to person and sect to sect .
And we all know of clear contradictions between the " truths " of different faiths .
Christianity unambiguously claims the divinity of Jesus , and many assert that the road to salvation absolutely depends on accepting this claim , whereas the Koran states flatly that anyone accepting the divinity of Jesus will spend eternity in hell .
These claims cannot both be " true , " at least in a way that does not require intellectual contortions .
Assertions about God 's nature also differ among faiths .
Giberson explains , for example , that " centuries of Christian reflection on the nature of God have highlighted various characteristics of God : justice , love , goodness , holiness , grace , sovereignty , and so forth . "
But to those of other faiths , God can be vengeful , as Yahweh was in the Old Testament .
Jews cannot imagine an incarnated God , the Word made flesh .
Hindus , like ancient Greeks , accept multiple gods with different personalities .
To deists , god is apathetic , while many theologians in all the monotheistic faiths claim that we cannot know anything about God 's attributes .
So which of these many characterizations is " true " ?
Anything touted as a " truth " must come with a method for being disproved - - a method that does not depend on personal revelation .
After all , thousands of people have had delusional revelations of " truth " with horrifying consequences .
Perhaps what we mean by " religious truths " are " moral truths , " such as " Thou shalt not commit adultery . "
These rules are not subject to empirical testing , but they do comport with our reasoned sense of right and wrong .
But for almost every " truth " such as this there is another one believed with equal sincerity , such as " Those who commit adultery should be stoned to death . "
This dictum appears not only in Islamic religious law , but in the Old Testament as well .
( It seems wrong , by the way , to call these truths religious .
Beginning with Plato , philosophers have argued convincingly that our ethics come not from religion , but from a secular morality that develops in intelligent , socially interacting creatures , and is simply inserted into religion for convenient citation . )
In the end , then , there is a fundamental distinction between scientific truths and religious truths , however you construe them .
The difference rests on how you answer one question : how would I know if I were wrong ?
Darwin's colleague Thomas Huxley remarked that " science is organized common sense where many a beautiful theory was killed by an ugly fact . "
As with any scientific theory , there are potentially many ugly facts that could kill Darwinism .
Two of these would be the presence of human fossils and dinosaur fossils side by side , and the existence of adaptations in one species that benefit only a different species .
Since no such facts have ever appeared , we continue to accept evolution as true .
Religious beliefs , on the other hand , are immune to ugly facts .
Indeed , they are maintained in the face of ugly facts , such as the impotence of prayer .
There is no way to adjudicate between conflicting religious truths as we can between competing scientific explanations .
Most scientists can tell you what observations would convince them of God 's existence , but I have never met a religious person who could tell me what would disprove it .
And what could possibly convince people to abandon their belief that the deity is , as Giberson asserts , good , loving , and just ?
If the Holocaust cannot do it , then nothing will .
V .
Giberson and Miller are thoughtful men of good will .
Reading them , you get a sense of conviction and sincerity absent from the writings of many creationists , who blatantly deny the most obvious facts about nature in the cause of their faith .
Both of their books are worth reading : Giberson for the history of the creation / evolution debate , and Miller for his lucid arguments against intelligent design .
Yet in the end they fail to achieve their longed - for union between faith and evolution .
And they fail for the same reason that people always fail : a true harmony between science and religion requires either doing away with most people 's religion and replacing it with a watered - down deism , or polluting science with unnecessary , untestable , and unreasonable spiritual claims .
Although Giberson and Miller see themselves as opponents of creationism , in devising a compatibility between science and religion they finally converge with their opponents .
In fact , they exhibit at least three of the four distinguishing traits of creationists : belief in God , the intervention of God in nature , and a special role for God in the evolution of humans .
They may even show the fourth trait , a belief in irreducible complexity , by proposing that a soul could not have evolved , but was inserted by God .
Giberson , while abjuring a hands - on God , nevertheless sees deliberate design in our Earth .
Why is [ bird ] song so pleasant to hear ?
Why , for example , does almost every scene of undeveloped nature seem so beautiful , from mountain lakes to rolling prairies ?
If the evolution of our species was driven entirely by survival considerations , then where did we get our rich sense of natural aesthetics ?...
There is an artistic character to nature that has always struck me as redundant from a purely scientific point of view ....
I am attracted to the idea that God 's signature is not on the engineering marvels of the natural world , but rather on its marvelous creativity and aesthetic depth .
Scientists are not supposed to talk about God this way , for it raises questions that can't be answered .
This is aesthetic design rather than intelligent design , but it is still design .
And it ignores scientific explanations , such as E.O. Wilson's " biophilia " theory , which suggests that we evolved to find places like lakes and prairies attractive simply because they provided our ancestors with food and safety .
And neither Miller nor Giberson tell us what circumstances would make them abandon their belief in a personal God.
Giberson , in fact , asserts that he cannot be wrong :
As a believer in God , I am convinced in advance that the world is not an accident and that , in some mysterious way , our existence is an " expected " result .
No data would dispel it .
Thus , I do not look at natural history as a source of data to determine whether or not the world has purpose .
Rather , my approach is to anticipate that the facts of natural history will be compatible with the purpose and meaning I have encountered elsewhere .
And my understanding of science does nothing to dissuade me from this conviction .
This is creationist - speak , pure and simple .
No real scientist would say that his theories are immune to disproof .
And so Giberson 's personal reconciliation , however edifying it is to him spiritually , must be intellectually unconvincing to the rest of us .
Besides his " aesthetic design " argument , Giberson offers another reason for his faith -- we might call it the argument from convenience .
As a purely practical matter , I have compelling reasons to believe in God .
My parents are deeply committed Christians and would be devastated , were I to reject my faith .
My wife and children believe in God , and we attend church together regularly .
Most of my friends are believers .
I have a job I love at a Christian college that would be forced to dismiss me if I were to reject the faith that underpins the mission of the college .
Abandoning belief in God would be disruptive , sending my life completely off the rails .
This touching confession reveals the sad irrationality of the whole enterprise -- the demoralizing conflict between a personal need to believe and a desperation to show that this primal need is perfectly compatible with science .
It would appear , then , that one cannot be coherently religious and scientific at the same time .
That alleged synthesis requires that with one part of your brain you accept only those things that are tested and supported by agreed - upon evidence , logic , and reason , while with the other part of your brain you accept things that are unsupportable or even falsified .
In other words , the price of philosophical harmony is cognitive dissonance .
Accepting both science and conventional faith leaves you with a double standard : rational on the origin of blood clotting , irrational on the Resurrection ; rational on dinosaurs , irrational on virgin births .
Without good cause , Giberson and Miller pick and choose what they believe .
At least the young - earth creationists are consistent , for they embrace supernatural causation across the board .
With his usual flair , the physicist Richard Feynman characterized this difference : " Science is a way of trying not to fool yourself .
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself , and you are the easiest person to fool . "
With religion , there is just no way to know if you are fooling yourself .
So the most important conflict -- the one ignored by Giberson and Miller - - is not between religion and science .
It is between religion and secular reason .
Secular reason includes science , but also embraces moral and political philosophy , mathematics , logic , history , journalism , and social science -- every area that requires us to have good reasons for what we believe .
Now I am not claiming that all faith is incompatible with science and secular reason -- only those faiths whose claims about the nature of the universe flatly contradict scientific observations .
Pantheism and some forms of Buddhism seem to pass the test .
But the vast majority of the faithful -- those 90 percent of Americans who believe in a personal God , most Muslims , Jews , and Hindus , and adherents to hundreds of other faiths -- fall into the " incompatible " category .
Unfortunately , some theologians with a deistic bent seem to think that they speak for all the faithful .
These were the critics who denounced Dawkins and his colleagues for not grappling with every subtle theological argument for the existence of God , for not steeping themselves in the complex history of theology .
Dawkins in particular was attacked for writing The God Delusion as a " middlebrow " book .
But that misses the point .
He did indeed produce a middlebrow book , but precisely because he was discussing religion as it is lived and practiced by real people .
The reason that many liberal theologians see religion and evolution as harmonious is that they espouse a theology not only alien but unrecognizable as religion to most Americans .
Statistics support this incompatibility .
For example , among those thirty - four countries surveyed , we see a statistically strong negative relationship between the degree of faith and the acceptance of evolution .
Countries such as Denmark , France , Japan and the United Kingdom have a high acceptance of Darwinism and low belief in God , while the situation is reversed in countries like Bulgaria , Latvia , Turkey , and the United States .
And within America , scientists as a group are considerably less religious than non-scientists .
This is not say that such statistics can determine the outcome of a philosophical debate .
Nor does it matter whether these statistics mean that accepting science erodes religious faith , or that having faith erodes acceptance of science .
( Both processes must surely occur . )
What they do show , though , is that people have trouble accepting both at the same time .
And given the substance of these respective worldviews , this is no surprise .
This disharmony is a dirty little secret in scientific circles .
It is in our personal and professional interest to proclaim that science and religion are perfectly harmonious .
After all , we want our grants funded by the government , and our schoolchildren exposed to real science instead of creationism .
Liberal religious people have been important allies in our struggle against creationism , and it is not pleasant to alienate them by declaring how we feel .
This is why , as a tactical matter , groups such as the National Academy of Sciences claim that religion and science do not conflict .
But their main evidence -- the existence of religious scientists -- is wearing thin as scientists grow ever more vociferous about their lack of faith .
Now Darwin
Year is upon us , and we can expect more books like those by Kenneth Miller and Karl Giberson .
Attempts to reconcile God and evolution keep rolling off the intellectual assembly line .
It never stops , because the reconciliation never works .
Jerry A. Coyne is a professor in the Department of Ecology and Evolution at the University of Chicago .
His new book , Why Evolution Is True , has just been published by Viking .
​ Oregon on Wednesday became the latest state — and the first in many years — to officially reclassify marijuana from its Schedule I status as a dangerous drug with no medical value .
The Oregon Board of Pharmacy ( BOP ) voted 4 - 1 on June 16 to move cannabis to Schedule II , thereby recognizing its medical use .
The BOP decision came after months of deliberation and input from the public .
The Oregon Legislature passed SB 728 , which directed the BOP to reclassify marijuana to Schedule II , III , IV or V , in August 2009 .
Although Oregon and 13 other states in the U.S. have legalized marijuana for medical use , it has officially remained a Schedule I substance according to the federal government .
Most states defer to that federal status .
​ ” This latest decision by a state public health and drug regulatory body to reclassify marijuana as medicine should send a clear message to the federal government , ” said Caren Woodson , director of government affairs with Americans for Safe Access ( ASA ) , a medical marijuana patient advocacy organization .
“ The reclassification of marijuana at the federal level is long overdue and certainly ripe for consideration , ” Woodson added .
Under the federal Controlled Substances Act , enacted in 1970 as President Richard Nixon introduced the War On Drugs , the U.S. government placed marijuana in an erroneous Schedule I classification , which means it has a “ high potential for abuse and no accepted medical value . ”
Since then , several attempts have been made to reclassify cannabis at the federal level .
A petition filed in 2002 by the Coalition for Rescheduling Cannabis is the latest attempt , and is currently pending before the notoriously anti-pot and unresponsive Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) .
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services recently made its recommendations to the DEA , the final agency to review the petition .
Acting DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart , a Bush Administration drug warrior holdover who has yet to be confirmed by the Senate , is the final remaining arbiter as to the rescheduling petition ’s fate .
“ DEA Administrator Leonhart has a less than impressive record on medical marijuana , ” Woodson said .
“ But , with the changing political winds on this issue , the Obama Administration has a chance to do the right thing for the hundreds of thousands of sick Americans that benefit from medical marijuana . ”
So far , only four states — Alaska , Iowa , Montana , and Tennessee — along with the District of Columbia , have classified marijuana as a therapeutic substance .
But there seems to be a strong trend towards changing that .
In addition to the June 16 decision , the Iowa Board of Pharmacy recommended in February that the Legislature there reclassify marijuana from Schedule I to Schedule II , thereby recognizing its medical use .
“ While such moves are more symbolic than practical , especially in medical marijuana states like Oregon , it does tend to reinforce the argument that marijuana has medical value , ” said Kris Hermes , ASA media specialist .
By law the Oregon BOP has until June 30 to implement the new rules .
More Information
" Pale Blue Eyes " is one of the most tumultuous songs Lou Reed ever wrote for the Velvet Underground , and The Kills approached their cover with the necessary heartbroken pathos : singer Alison Mosshart sounds like she 's at the tail end of a downward spiral , with Jamie Hince 's string - bending distortion the soundtrack for her sorrow .
It 's a worthy parallel to the original , emotionally speaking , but they also cloaked the classic in their traditional graceful grit , adding an anxious edge that threatens to spin out .
Not as crazy as Hole 's old take on this track , but somehow more unsettling and beautiful .
Stream below , and head over to The Kills ' page on the Levi's Pioneer Sessions : The Revival Recordings site to download the MP3 .
BP chief executive Tony Hayward under fire for ' there 's no one who wants this over more than I do .
I 'd like my life back ' comment
HD CCTV Systems | Self Install HD CCTV Systems | CCTV42
Covid - 19 Coronavirus .
We are working hard to preserve customer support and product availability whilst recognising our social responsibility to both staff and the wider population .
Orders are currently being processed for next working day delivery as normal .
We are currently NOT accepting personal visitors at this time instead relying on emails and the phone .
If you need help planning your system give us a call on 01895 233311 and we can chat through your requirements whilst looking at the property online .
From there we can email over a solution .
We do n't just sell CCTV , our aim is to provide information that helps you buy the best CCTV System possible .
We are not just a website , CCTV42 is a real company with real people happy to provide help so if you are planning a CCTV system call us .
We can look at your property over the Internet whilst listening to your specific requirements then put together a package for you .
Advice is only as good as the equipment recommended .
We carry a range of products that are unique to CCTV42 including our superb 1080P High Definition range .
Products are developed directly with the manufacturer and tested here in the UK .
We do n’t just box shift what happens to be on offer from a wholesaler .
We also carry a cohesive range of products , cameras come in a variety of lens options , connectors are all industry - standard so if you need to upgrade your system in the future or replace individual components that will be possible .
Every item we sell has been tested in the UK .
Our three - acre site in Buckinghamshire allows us to evaluate CCTV Systems during the day and night in a real - world environment .
It ’s no good testing a camera designed to work outside over long distance in a small shop or office .
Things do n’t stop once we have your money .
We aim to provide the best after - sales service in the industry .
If you do n’t know how the DVR works or are having problems installing our equipment call us .
You can speak to a real person with real knowledge , not a call centre operative working off a script .
We offer a 2 - year warranty as standard and unlimited technical support for the lifetime of our products .
Read About CCTV42
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 fans will have to wait until 2012 for the championship to be broadcast in high definition , the sport 's commercial boss Bernie Ecclestone has predicted , despite increasing calls for the switch .
The recent Formula 1 fan survey showed that a majority of fans were keen for F1 to be broadcast in HD - but leading figures from the sport have told AUTOSPORT that there are still big hurdles to be faced before coverage can step up from standard definition .
While Ecclestone says camera technology is now ready for his F1 production coverage to be done fully in HD , he thinks there still needs to be more fans at home able to watch it in HD , plus enough broadcasters ready to distribute it , before the move can be made .
That is why he thinks it may well take until 2012 for the circumstances to be right for F1 to switch to HD coverage .
" We do n't want to broadcast unless people want it , " Ecclestone told AUTOSPORT .
" I asked in England , the BBC , about it - how many people can receive it ?
They said about 20 per cent of the viewers who watch F1 .
" Then I want to make sure that what we produce is top quality .
Before we start seeing the top - top quality that we want , I would say it will probably be 2012 before we can guarantee it . "
Ecclestone says the onus is on the broadcasters to have both the desire to have HD coverage , and be sure that there are enough viewers able to watch it at home to make it worth it .
" I said to the broadcasters , are you going to get more viewers , will more people watch F1 because it is HD or will less people watch it because it is n't ?
They really need to have a check and see who has got the right televisions .
" I do n't think the average public realise that it is not the television , they have to have something to receive it as well .
It is like producing a colour signal when people only have black - and - white sets . "
Ecclestone has been working in unison with F1 sponsors LG on evaluating HD coverage of F1 , and the electronics giant also thinks that there is still another 18 months before the sport can make the switch .
Andrew Barratt , LG 's vice president of marketing and global sponsorship , said that evidence of how the technology still needs improving came in Monaco last year when HD cameras trialled there could not cope with the vibrations encountered in trying to film cars through the tunnel , as the recording discs kept skipping frames .
" F1 is probably the most technologically complex sport in the world to shoot , " Barratt told AUTOSPORT .
" The environments in which they are shooting make it very complex and very difficult .
" It is not an easy thing to do and perfecting it takes time .
We 've learned with F1 is that the same cameras that shoot all the other sports in the world get under stress in environments like the Monaco tunnel .
It takes a long time to get it right .
" You also have to have figured out every single camera .
If it is in HD for a while and then you cut to a car and it is not HD it will be a real let down for the viewer .
Technologically it is really hard and people do n't appreciate how difficult it is .
They will figure it out and when they do they will bring it to our house . "
Barratt also echoes Ecclestone 's view that the main stumbling block is actually whether consumers are ready in big enough numbers to make the HD move economically viable .
" There is an economic model that is required to get it from the track to our house , and all of us have a stake , " he said .
" It is really easy to say , I would like to have it at home in HD but it is going to cost far more - it is going to cost the broadcaster more and it is going to cost the consumer more .
" When all three of us are ready to get together , then I think it will happen .
It is one thing saying you want , but another taking your share of the responsibility to bring it .
When we see more people take up HD at home as a basic service , that will be the tipping point .
It is on all of us to make it happen - but when it does it will be awesome . "
He added : " Bernie said to me the day I met him : ' The day the consumer is truly ready - not saying he is ready - but truly ready , meaning he will pay for it and the broadcasters are ready , I am ready .
But I am not going to send down a signal that nobody can digest , because that is just silly . ' "
Experiments have taken place at this weekend 's Canadian Grand Prix with new 3D cameras - both taking on - track and on - board footage .
But although that prompted speculation that F1 could go straight from standard definition from 3D , the technology is still too early in its development phase to even be considered for F1 .
" So many people are saying the future is 3D , " said Ecclestone .
" It is not 3 D at all .
It is one - and - a- half D . "
During the development of WordPress 3.0 we have made a number of changes under the hood which will be of interest to the developers and users of themes .
Some of these changes are about making themes easier to develop and some of them are about making it easier to support the override of parts of themes .
The first change which should make it easier for extensible flexible theme development is the introduction of get_template_part ( ) which has been introduced as a generic way of modularising themes a step beyond the basic footer / body / header files .
This new function makes it very easy for a theme to reuse blocks of code implementing theme areas such as the WordPress loop in a way which makes it easy for a child theme to override the implementation in a context sensitive way .
This function is really easy to use –
You create a file within your theme containing the code you want to re-use and then you pull it in as follows :
get_template_part( ' loop ' , ' author ' ) ; //
Pull in the loop for the author archives
This will look for the files loop - author . php and loop .
php searching first in the current themes folder before looking in the parent themes folder ( if one if defined ) .
The new TwentyTen theme in WordPress 3.0 uses this for every call to it ’s loop .
php to make it easy to override in a single instance from a child theme .
2 ) Deprecating overly minimal themes [ 14365 ] , # 12425
The next change is to deprecate the support for overly minimal themes .
Prior to WordPress 3.0 any theme which was using the relevant template tag but missing any of the following template files – header .
php , footer.php , sidebar.php , comments.php , comments - popup.php – would effectively behave as if it has a parent theme defined as ‘ default ’ using the relevant files from the old default theme .
Now that we are moving to a new default theme we did n’t want to have to support this very old behaviour indefinitely or make it such that the files from the TwentyTen theme were used as they have a different visual layout and would like change peoples existing sites .
Going forward a WordPress theme using the relevant template tags is expected to contain all these files itself , or have them provided by a parent theme , and the theme compatibility files included in WordPress 3.0 will be removed in a future version .
If you are using a theme which is affected by this change then you just need to make sure that you have the default theme installed – it will not be in new installs but will be preserved on upgrades .
Then add the following to the comment at the top of the style.css of your theme to make it such that the default theme is used as its parent theme :
Template : default
More information on the process of indicating a parent theme in a child themes style.css is available in the codex .
I know Bugatti Veyron is one beautiful car , but what do you think about a LEGO Bugatti Veyron ?
I am talking about one of the most interesting ( and probably expensive ) LEGO that has remote controlled braking system , motorized rear spoiler and power roof .
This LEGO Bugatti has a 7 speed sequential gearbox plus reverse .
You can enjoy it watching the next video :
Source : automotto.org
via Fubiz
A beautifully minimal and memorable design for Panasonic Note headphones .
Designed by Scholz & Friends | Country : Germany
Lovely Package
Curating the very best packaging design
Sponsors
Just how do we get from the quantum world of empty space and invisible energy to the concrete , orderly world that we perceive with our senses ?
We might now have an answer , and it would make Charles Darwin proud .
Advertisement
From the standpoint of quantum mechanics , the world as we experience it is just an unexplained illusion .
Every single atom in the universe is more than 99 % empty space , so how do we manage to see and feel the world as something solid and continuous ?
That might seem to be a pretty basic question , but it has stumped scientists and engineers for more than a century , and only now are we close to a possible answer .
Hold on tight - we 're diving into some serious quantum weirdness .
At its most basic , the answer relies on a process called " decoherence " , in which the quantum states of subatomic particles transition from the quantum to the classical world .
Amazingly , the process is very similar to Darwin 's notion of natural selection .
Decoherence holds that the vast , vast majority of quantum states are inherently unstable , and they collapse and disperse when they interaction with the environment .
A selection process operates in which some of the quantum states manage to arrive at a final , stable state that can survive transmission through the environment without collapsing .
These stable forms are known as pointer states .
Advertisement
Once the pointer state is achieved , the low energy quantum state can then create a higher energy duplicate of itself that can be perceived at the macroscopic scales with which we 're familiar .
What that basically means is the only parts of the quantum world that we ever experience are the subatomic particles that have arrived at their pointer states .
To borrow the evolutionary notion of survival of the fittest , the rest of the quantum world is unfit to copy itself to the higher energy states that we perceive .
As with just about anything else in quantum mechanics , this theory is far from proven , but there is some experimental evidence to support these ideas .
Admittedly , these experiments are almost incomprehensible to the layperson ( I 've read through the explanation several times and still do n't really understand it , but go here if you want to try to puzzle it out ) .
Still , this represents a huge step toward understanding how we get from the classical world that our senses experience to the quantum world that physics insists must exist .
[ Physics Review Letters ]
HOCKENHEIM , Germany -- Fernando Alonso won the German Grand Prix on Sunday for Ferrari , but the team was fined $ 100,000 afterward for orchestrating his pass of teammate Felipe Massa .
Race stewards did n't overturn Ferrari's 1 - 2 finish , choosing to send the case to the sport 's governing body , which could impose more sanctions .
Team orders that affect the result of a race are forbidden under Formula One rules .
" In the interests of the sport , we have decided not to go through a procedure of appealing against it , confident that the [ FIA ] world council will know how to evaluate the overall facts correctly , " Ferrari team chief Stefano Domenicali said .
Alonso had more points in the title race and the team apparently felt it would be better served if he collected the 25 points that go to the winner rather than Massa .
Felipe Massa , left , led Sunday for 49 of 67 laps before letting Fernando Alonso past in response to team instructions .
AP Photo / Martin Meissner
" I do n't think I have to say anything to that , " Massa said when asked after the race about the instructions .
" We work for the team . "
Massa , racing on the first anniversary of a crash that nearly killed him , led the race for 49 of 67 laps before he was passed by Alonso following communications from Ferrari over the team radio .
He looked unhappy after the race and the two drivers barely hugged as they climbed out of their red cars .
Stewards said Ferrari was in breach of Article 39.1 of the International Auto Federation ( FIA ) 2010 sporting regulations .
Article 39.1 says : " Team orders that interfere with race results are prohibited . "
Sebastian Vettel of Germany was third in his Red Bull .
Championship leader Lewis Hamilton of McLaren was fourth .
After 11 of 19 races , Hamilton leads the overall standings with 157 points ahead of McLaren teammate Jenson Button with 143 .
Vettel has 136 points , tied for third with Red Bull teammate Mark Webber .
Alonso is fifth with 123 points , 38 ahead of Massa .
" I ca n't say I am fighting for the championship , " Massa said .
Alonso won his second race of the season and Ferrari finished 1 - 2 for the second time this year .
" In some parts of the race we were fighting very hard for first place , maybe it was a bit dangerous .
It 's a difficult race to overtake , " said Alonso , a two - time Formula One champion who earned his 23rd career victory .
" We are professional , we try to do the best for the team .
" I do n't know what happened , but at the exit of turn six I saw Felipe a little bit slow .
Sometimes you are quick , sometimes you are slow , and in some parts I was quicker than him , so it 's very difficult to judge . "
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner said Ferrari appeared to impose team orders .
" It was surprising what happened with the Ferraris , it looked to be a team order with the cars switching positions , " Horner said .
" If so , it 's a shame for Formula One and the fans that they were deprived of a race between the two Ferrari drivers today . "
The first of two decisive moments in the race took place at the start .
Pole sitter Vettel moved wide to try to block Alonso .
Massa , starting from third , used the gap to pass from the outside going into the first corner , where also Alonso managed to slip past Vettel .
The two Ferraris stayed in front for the entire race .
Then , on lap 49 , Massa appeared to go slightly wide at a corner and Alonso easily shot past the Brazilian driver .
Alonso had been pushing Massa hard for several laps and was heard saying on the team radio , " This is ridiculous . "
Alonso then overtook Massa , who had just been told by Ferrari over the radio : " Fernando is faster than you , did you understand that message ? "
Having dropped into second , Massa was then told : " OK , good lad .
Just stick with him now . "
Massa confirmed the radio conversation , but later also said he had been struggling after switching to harder tires .
Massa said Ferrari did not have team orders .
" For sure you always want to win .
We do n't have team orders .
If you can't do the race you want , you have to think about the team .
I am professional , and today I showed how professional I am , " Massa said .
" Everyone saw that I can win races , that I can be competitive .
But I was struggling on hard tires . "
In later comments distributed by Ferrari , Massa said it was his decision to let Alonso pass .
" We drivers have to first of all think of the interests of the team and that is what I showed again today .
In my opinion this was not a case of team orders : my engineer kept me constantly informed on what was going on behind me , especially when I was struggling a bit on the hard tires .
" So I decided to do the best thing for the team , and a one - two finish is the best possible result . "
Alonso covered the 67 laps -- a distance of 190.5 miles -- in 1 hour , 27 minutes , 38.864 seconds .
He finished 4.1 seconds ahead of Massa and 5.1 seconds ahead of Vettel .
Asked about the passing maneuver of Ferrari , Vettel said : " We get the check not from you guys but from the team . "
Alonso , in his first season with Ferrari , won the opening race of the season in Bahrain , where Massa took second .
But Ferrari has struggled in recent races and Alonso finished 14th in the British GP two weeks ago .
Massa required surgery for a fractured skull sustained one year ago when he was struck on the helmet by a heavy metal spring that had come off another car during qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix .
He was placed in an induced coma and spent nine days in a Budapest hospital .
Massa returns to Hungary for next week 's Grand Prix .
In Ruby , dealing with Arrays and similar objects is pretty fun .
And we have gotten more possibilities with Ruby 1.9.2 :)
The NEWS file says :
* Array * new method : * Array#keep_if * Array#repeated_combination * Array#repeated_permutation * Array#rotate * Array#rotate !
* Array #select !
* Array #sort_by !
* extended methods : * Array #{uniq , uniq !, product} can take a block .
... * Enumerable * New methods : * Enumerable #chunk * Enumerable#collect_concat * Enumerable #each_entry * Enumerable #flat_map * Enumerable#slice_before
Let ’s take a closer look !
select ! and keep_if
The select method ( only choose the elements for which the block evaluates to true ) got a mutator version select ! .
It does almost the same like the new keep_if method – with one subtle difference : select !
returns nil if no changes were made , keep_if always returns the object .
more combination and permutation
Ruby 1.9 introduced the useful methods combination and permutation .
Now there are also repeated_combination and repeated_permutation :
repeated_combination_permutation 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 >> [ 1 , 2 , 3 ]. combination ( 2 ) . to_a => [ [ 1 , 2 ] , [ 1 , 3 ] , [ 2 , 3 ] ] >> [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] .
repeated_combination ( 2 ) . to_a => [ [ 1 , 1 ] , [ 1 , 2 ] , [ 1 , 3 ] , [ 2 , 2 ] , [ 2 , 3 ] , [ 3 , 3 ] ] >> [ 1 , 2 , 3 ]. permutation ( 2 ) . to_a => [ [ 1 , 2 ] , [ 1 , 3 ] , [ 2 , 1 ] , [ 2 , 3 ] , [ 3 , 1 ] , [ 3 , 2 ] ] >> [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] . repeated_permutation ( 2 ) . to_a => [ [ 1 , 1 ] , [ 1 , 2 ] , [ 1 , 3 ] , [ 2 , 1 ] , [ 2 , 2 ] , [ 2 , 3 ] , [ 3 , 1 ] , [ 3 , 2 ] , [ 3 , 3 ] ]
rotate / rotate !
This method removes the first element and appends it .
You can pass an integer , how many steps it should “ cycle ” ( negative values are possible ) .
It does something like :
rotate 1 2 3 4 5 6 class Array def rotate2 ( n = 1 ) new_start = n % self .
size self [ new_start ..- 1 ] + self [ 0 ... new_start ] end end
small changes : sort_by , uniq / uniq ! , product
sort_by ( the block defines , how the Array should be sorted ) also got a mutator version : sort_by ! .
( the block defines , how the Array should be sorted ) also got a mutator version : . product ( combine all elements from both Arrays ) now also accepts a block which yields every result , instead of returning it .
( combine all elements from both Arrays ) now also accepts a block which yields every result , instead of returning it .
uniq ( remove duplicates ) can now take a block , example from the docs :
uniq_block 1 2 c = [ " a : def " , " a : xyz " , " b:abc " , " b:xyz " , " c:jkl " ] c . uniq {| s | s [/ ^ \w + /]}
flat_map and its alias collect_concat
This method works like map , but if an element is an Enumerable itself , the applied block is also run for each of its child elements ( but not recursively ) .
flat_map 1 [ [ 1 , 2 ] , [ 3 , [ 4 , 5 ] ] ].
flat_map {| i | i }
I do not know ( yet ) , if this is useful ( and if it would n’t be cooler if it did something like . flatten.map ) , but we will see …
each_entry
Each entry is like each , but it treats multiple yield arguments as a single array ( so yield 1,2 implicitly becomes yield [ 1,2 ] ) .
Mostly , the result is similar to each ’s , but there are some occasions where it does matter .
chunk
This one is interesting , but it is a little bit strange to use .
It splits self into multiple Enumerators , using the rule given in the block .
It keeps together those parts that “ match ” in series .
It passes the result of the “ filter ” rule and an Enumerator of the successive elements – Look at these two examples :
chunk 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 ( 1 .. 42 ) . chunk {| n | n % 11 == 0 }. each {| result , elements | puts " #{result} : # {elements *' - '} " } a =( 0 .. 4 ) . map { [ ] } ( 1 .. 42 ) . chunk {| n | n % 5 }. each {| remainder , elements | a [ remainder ] += elements } p a
The chunk block can also return some special values : Symbols that begin with an underscore .
Currently , there are two special symbols supported :
: _separator ( or nil ) – the element is dropped
( or ) – the element is dropped : _alone – the element always gets its single chunk
Some advanced examples can be found in the docs .
slice_before
This method also lets you split the Enumerable .
You simply specify a pattern / a block which has to match / be true and it splits before that element :
slice_before 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 %w | Ruby is 2 parts Perl , 1 part Python , and 1 part Smalltalk |. slice_before (/ \d / ) . to_a a = [ 0 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 7 , 9 ] prev = a [ 0 ] a .
slice_before {| cur | prev , prev2 = cur , prev prev2 + 1 != prev }. to_a
What ’s next ?
Publishers came face to face with their own vision of apocalypse yesterday , as Andrew Wylie announced that he and his authors would be cutting publishing houses out of the future and teaming up with Amazon to sell their own electronic editions .
Grinning down from the saddle beside him in the first wave of horsemen is a fearsome collection of riders , including Philip Roth , Salman Rushdie , Martin Amis and John Updike .
" As the market for ebooks grows , it will be important for readers to have access in ebook format to the best contemporary literature the world has to offer , " the agent popularly known as " the Jackal " said , cackling diabolically ( I imagine ) .
" This publishing programme is designed to address that need , and to help ebook readers build a digital library of classic contemporary literature . "
Odyssey Editions may be launching with just 20 titles , but publishers are hitting back as if their eternal souls depended on it , and you can see why .
Slice off the biggest names , the most valuable backlist items from any publisher 's list and the business model is up in flames .
This may be nothing but an Armageddon - style negotiating ploy , as Wylie delivers on a warning he gave publishers late last year when Random House claimed existing contracts already gave them control over authors ' electronic rights .
But if Wylie and his lawyers can make this a success – and you only need to glance at his client list to imagine how – then others are sure to follow .
Random House , which publishes Roth , Rushdie and Amis in the UK , has written to Amazon already " disputing their rights to legally sell these titles " .
It declared Wylie a " direct competitor " and ruled out " entering into any new English - language business agreements with the Wylie Agency until this situation is resolved " .
It 's the latest battle in a multi-dimensional war over the future of literature as authors , agents and publishers face a horde of technology companies , retailers and libraries , not to mention the pirates , with constantly shifting alliances .
As electronic reading devices – the Kindles , the Readers , the iPads , your phone – finally begin to take off , all the old certainties are in flux .
Do authors need publishers to take on the might of the retailers , or are publishers part of the problem ?
Should writers keep their copyrights safely under lock and key , or will that rob them of the chance to take wing ?
Once upon a time publishers were the only ones who could find authors , edit manuscripts , print books and distribute them , but new technology from desktop computers to the internet has thrown the doors wide open .
As marketing departments have gained the ascendancy over editorial , agents have moved centre stage , filtering submissions and polishing manuscripts .
With the messy business of ink and trees and Transit vans receding , Wylie 's latest move is simply the logical next step .
None of this will worry those publishers who have made a business out of finding the voices others have n't spotted , but in the week when Amazon claimed that ebook sales passed those of hardbacks the questions are unavoidable : who needs big publishers ?
Are the interests of writers and readers best served by big publishers , or the Jackal ?
as part of the london design week 09 peter bruegger presented his moustache mugs at designersblock .
the fine bone china mugs are available in six different iconic tache styles .
‘ enjoy effortlessly masquerading behind a character moustache while drinking your favourite tea or coffee … explore your favourite masculine expression !
choose between feisty fu-magnum , ambigues mustafa - chaplin and cheeky maurice - poirot ! ’
While all of this unfortunate park activity was being wrapped up Monday afternoon , the Seattle City Council was approving legislation creating official landmark status for the nearly 100 - year - old Volunteer Park Conservatory .
The designation provides a specific approval framework for the Conservatory to limit external changes to the structure as part of the Department of Neighborhood ’s Landmarks Preservation Board process .
We ’ve included the specific language of the new ordinance , below .
The landmark designation is n’t as super - sexy as it sounds ( and , we know , it sounds super sexy , right ? ) .
It ’s basically a preservation technique that is invoked to help create a rule set for owners of important historical properties for how the structures can be modified and developed .
As each specific ordinance is worked out , the final rule set for each individual landmark is often shaped by the plans and needs of the property ’s current owner .
That ’s the case with the Conservatory , said Landmark Preservation Board member for the Harvard - Belmont Landmark District , Beth Chave .
Chave tells CHS that the reason it took so long for the Conservatory to finally be designated a landmark — it was first designated in 2002 — was this negotiation process as the current landowner , Seattle Parks , worked out an agreement for what limitations the property should be subject to .
Chave said the timing of the designation coming as Parks suffers cuts due to budget issues is purely coincidental .
“ In this case , and with other park property , we have a longer period for controls and incentives negotiation .
But there is no relationship to the budget . ”
We covered the concerns from the Friends of the Conservatory that the 1912 greenhouse might be targeted for potential cost cutting at some point by Parks .
Here ’s the text of the Volunteer Park Conservatory landmark designation ordinance in case , you know , you wanted to designate a landmark in your backyard or something .
Council Bill Number : 116833
AN ORDINANCE relating to historic preservation , imposing controls upon the Volunteer Park Conservatory , a landmark designated by the Landmarks Preservation Board under Chapter 25.12 of the Seattle Municipal Code , and adding it to the Table of Historical Landmarks contained in Chapter 25.32 of the Seattle Municipal Code .
Date introduced / referred : Apr 12 , 2010
Date passed : Jul 12 , 2010
Status : Passed
Vote : 9 -
0
Committee : Built Environment
Sponsor : CLARK
Index Terms : LANDMARKS , HISTORIC -BUILDINGS-AND-SITES , BROADWAY , VOLUNTEER -PARK
Fiscal Note : Fiscal Note to Council Bill 116833
Text
Note to users : {- indicates start of text that has been amended out
-} indicates end of text that has been amended out
{+ indicates start of text that has been amended in
+} indicates end of text that has been amended in
AN ORDINANCE relating to historic preservation , imposing controls upon the
Volunteer Park Conservatory , a landmark designated by the Landmarks
Preservation Board under Chapter 25.12 of the Seattle Municipal Code , and
adding it to the Table of Historical Landmarks contained in Chapter 25.32
of the Seattle Municipal Code .
WHEREAS , the Landmarks Ordinance , Chapter 25.12 of the Seattle Municipal
Code ( SMC ) , establishes a procedure for the designation and preservation
of sites , improvements and objects having historical , cultural ,
architectural , engineering or geographic significance ; and
WHEREAS , the Landmarks Preservation Board ( the Board ) , after a public
meeting on February 20 , 2002 , voted to approve the nomination of the
improvements ( the buildings ) and a portion of the parcel of property on
which the improvements are located at 1400 East Galer Street in Seattle
for designation as a landmark under SMC Chapter 25.12 ; and
WHEREAS , after a public meeting on April 3 , 2002 , the Board voted to
approve the designation of the Volunteer Park Conservatory under SMC
Chapter 25.12 ; and
WHEREAS , on August 5 , 2009 , the Board and the owner of the designated
landmark agreed to controls and incentives ; and
WHEREAS , the Board recommends that the City Council enact a designating
ordinance approving the controls and incentives ;
NOW , THEREFORE ,
BE IT ORDAINED BY THE CITY OF SEATTLE AS FOLLOWS :
Section 1 . DESIGNATION : Pursuant to SMC 25.12.660 , the designation
by the Landmarks Preservation Board ( the Board ) of the improvements ( the
buildings ) and a portion of the parcel of property on which the
improvements are located , collectively referred to as the Volunteer Park
Conservatory for the purposes of this ordinance , and physically located at
1400 East Galer Street in Seattle , is hereby acknowledged .
A. Legal Description .
1 . The Volunteer Park Conservatory is located on a portion of the parcel
legally described as :
The NE1 / 4 of the NE1 / 4 of Section 29 , Township 25 North , Range 4 East ,
W.M. ;
TOGETHER WITH a tract of land along the entire length of the north
boundary of the SE1 / 4 of the NE1 / 4 of Section 29 , Township 25 North , Range
4 East , W.M. , commencing at the northeast corner of SE1 / 4 of the NE1 / 4 of
Section 29 , Township 25 North , Range 4 East , W.M. , thence south along the
east boundary of said tract a distance of 107.77 feet , thence westerly
perpendicular to the centerline of 14th Avenue East , being at an angle to
the northwest with the first line above , of 89 degrees 55 ' a distance of
1342.79 feet , more or less , to the west marginal line of said tract ,
thence north along said west marginal line a distance of 86.87 feet , more
or less , to the northwest corner of said tract , thence easterly along the
north line of said tract a distance of 1343.15 feet more or less to the
place of beginning ;
TOGETHER WITH the E1/2 of Blocks E and F of Phinney Addition to the City
of Seattle according to the plat thereof recorded in Volume 1 , page 175
records of King County Washington ;
TOGETHER WITH that portion of 11th Avenue East ( formerly 11th Avenue
North ) , platted as Mountain Street in Phinney Addition to the City of
Seattle , as vacated by Ordinance 26793 , from the north line of Furth's
Addition to the north line of Phinney Addition ;
TOGETHER WITH
Lot 2 , Block A , Furth 's Addition , according to the plat
thereof recorded in Volume 16 , page 73 records of King County Washington .
2 . The portion of the parcel to be designated as a Landmark is as follows :
That portion of the NE1 / 4 of the NE1 / 4 of Section 29 , Township 25 North ,
Range 4 East , W.M. in King County Washington , described as follows :
Commencing at the NE corner of said Section 29 , Township 25 North , Range 4
East , W.M. thence N 89 degrees 30 '03 " W along the north line of said
section , being the north line of Volunteer Park , a distance of 656 feet to
the True Point of Beginning ;
Thence continuing N 89 degrees 30 '03 " W along the north line of said
section a distance of 244 feet ;
Thence S 0 degrees 29 ' 57 " W a distance of 154 feet ;
Thence S 89 degrees 30 '03 " E a distance of 244 feet ;
Thence N 0 degrees 29 ' 57 " E a distance of 154 feet to the north line of
said section and the True Point of Beginning .
B. Specific Features and / or Characteristics Designated .
Pursuant to
SMC 25.12.660.A.2 , the following specific features and / or characteristics
of the Volunteer Park Conservatory are designated :
1 . The exterior of the Conservatory Building .
2 . The interior of the Conservatory Building .
3 . The exterior of the Potting Shed / Upper Greenhouse .
4 . The parcel of property legally described above in Section 1.A.2 ,
located at 1400 East Galer Street in Seattle .
C. Basis of Designation .
The designation was made because the
Volunteer Park Conservatory has significant character , interest or value
as a part of the development , heritage or cultural characteristics of the
City , state or nation , it has integrity or the ability to convey its
significance , and because it satisfies the following from SMC 25.12.350 :
1 . It is associated in a significant way with a significant aspect of the
cultural , political , or economic heritage of the community , City , state or
nation ( SMC 25.12.350.C ) .
2 . It embodies the distinctive visible characteristics of an architectural
style , period , or of a method of construction ( SMC 25.12.350.D ) .
3 . Because of its prominence of spatial location , contrasts of siting ,
age , or scale , it is an easily identifiable visual feature of its
neighborhood or the City and contributes to the distinctive quality or
identity of such neighborhood or the City ( SMC 25.12.350 .F ) .
Section 2 . CONTROLS :
The following controls are hereby imposed on
the features and characteristics of the Volunteer Park Conservatory that
were designated by the Board for preservation :
A. Certificate of Approval Process .
1. Except as provided in Section 2.A.2 of this ordinance , the owner must
obtain a Certificate of Approval issued by the Board pursuant to SMC
Chapter 25.12 , or the time for denying a Certificate of Approval must have
expired , before the owner may make alterations or significant changes to
the following specific features or characteristics :
a . The exterior of the Conservatory Building ,
b. The interior of the Conservatory Building ,
c. The exterior of the Potting Shed / Upper Greenhouse , and
d . The portion of the parcel of property legally described in Section
1.A.2 , located at 1400 East Galer Street in Seattle .
2. No Certificate of Approval is required for the following :
a .
Any in - kind maintenance or repairs of the features listed in Section
2.A.1 ,
b. Alterations to the interiors of the office , gift shop and restroom
behind the Palm House of the Conservatory Building ,
c. Alterations to the plant benches , furniture , trellises and display
equipment throughout the interior of the Conservatory Building ,
d. Alterations to the rockery and waterfall in the Fern House of the
Conservatory Building ,
e. Alterations to and / or replacement of the plant collection in the
interior of the Conservatory Building ,
f. Exterior security lighting , video cameras , and security system
equipment ,
g. Floor finishes and floor coverings ,
h . Temporary window coverings and white washing treatment of all of the
buildings ,
i . Temporary signage and ADA signage ,
j. Alterations to the north storage shed that is west of the Conservatory
offices and gift shop ,
k. Alterations to or removal of the cold frames ,
l. Alterations to the metal chimney of the Potting Shed / Upper Greenhouse ,
m. Alterations to non-original light fixtures ,
n. Alterations to the service road between the Conservatory Building and
the Potting Shed / Upper Greenhouse ,
o. Alterations to the Park road and parking south of the Conservatory
Building ,
p. Temporary park furnishings , including benches and trash receptacles ,
q . The removal / addition of the following landscape elements of the site :
trees less than 8 inches in diameter measured 41 / 2 feet above ground ,
shrubs , perennials , and annuals , and
r. Installation or repair of underground irrigation providing that the
site is restored in - kind .
B. City Historic Preservation Officer ( CHPO ) Approval Process .
1 . The CHPO may review and approve the items listed in Section 2.B.3 of
this Ordinance according to the following procedure :
a . The owner shall submit to the City Historic Preservation Officer ( CHPO )
a written request for the alterations , including applicable drawings
and / or specifications .
b . If the CHPO , upon examination of submitted plans and specifications ,
determines that the alterations are consistent with the purposes of SMC
Chapter 25.12 , the alterations shall be approved without further action by
the Board .
c. If the CHPO does not approve the alterations , the owner may submit
revised materials to the CHPO , or apply to the Board for a Certificate of
Approval under SMC Chapter 25.12 , as provided in Section 2.A .
2 . The CHPO shall transmit a written decision on the owner 's request to
the owner within 14 days of receipt of the request .
Failure of the CHPO to
approve or disapprove the request shall constitute approval of the
request .
3. CHPO approval for changes or alterations to the designated features or
characteristics of the landmark described in Section 1.B of this
Ordinance , is available for the following :
a . The addition or elimination of duct conduits , HVAC vents , grilles , fire
escapes , pipes , and other similar wiring or mechanical elements necessary
for the normal operation of the building ,
b. Removal of hazardous trees over 8 inches in diameter measured 41/2
feet above ground , and
c. Signage other than signage excluded in Section 2.A.2.i.
Section 3 . INCENTIVES :
The following incentives are hereby granted on
the features and characteristics of the Volunteer Park Conservatory that
were designated by the Board for preservation :
A. Uses not otherwise permitted in a zone may be authorized in a
designated Landmark by means of an administrative conditional use issued
pursuant to Seattle Municipal Code Title 23 .
B. Exceptions to certain requirements of the Seattle Building Code ,
SMC Chapter 22.100 , and the Energy Code of the City , SMC Chapter 22.700 ,
may be authorized pursuant to the applicable provisions thereof .
C. Special tax valuation for historic preservation may be available
under Chapter 84.26 RCW upon application and compliance with the
requirements of that statute .
Section 4 . Enforcement of this ordinance and penalties for its
violation are as provided in SMC 25.12.910 .
Section 5 . The Volunteer Park Conservatory is hereby added to the Table
of Historical Landmarks contained in SMC Chapter 25.32 .
Section 6 . The City Clerk is directed to record a certified copy of the
ordinance with the King County Director of Records and Elections , deliver
two certified copies to the City Historic Preservation Officer ( CHPO ) , and
deliver one copy to the Director of the Department of Planning and
Development .
The CHPO is directed to provide a certified copy of the
ordinance to the owner of the landmark .
Section 7 .
This ordinance shall take effect and be in force thirty
( 30 ) days from and after its approval by the Mayor , but if not approved
and returned by the Mayor within ten ( 10 ) days after presentation , it
shall take effect as provided by Municipal Code Section 1.04.020 .
Passed by the City Council the ____ day of ________________________ ,
2010 , and signed by me in open session in authentication of its passage
this
_____ day of ___________________ , 2010 .
_________________________________
President __________of the City Council
Approved by me this ____ day of _____________________ , 2010 .
_________________________________
Michael McGinn , Mayor
Filed by me this ____ day of __________________________ , 2010 .
____________________________________
City Clerk
( Seal )
Elizabeth Chave / jom
DON , Volunteer Park Conservatory Landmark Designation ORD
Version # 3
February 24 , 2010
Over the years , I ’ve been surprised by how many phrases get zero hits on Google .
In other words , apparently , until this very moment , nobody has ever typed , “ naked celebrities you do n’t care about ” in a web site .
You would think that with trillions of sentences on billions websites it would be harder to come up with an original line .
But no !
Here are some other totally unique phrases .
Please feel free to tell me about your own , in the comments field .
Remember to test the phrases in quotation marks , so all the words have to appear in the correct order for Google to report them .
“ That ’s my cheese , damnit ! ” “ Who has the best nostrils ? ” “ Are you sure that ’s your mouse ? ” “ Hire penguins for cheap ”
“ Virgin Google Phrases ” “ Virgin Googlisms ” “ Please release my angst ” “ Are you sure I am your mother ? ” “ Eating human flesh is voluntary ” “ I do n’t care for my spleen ” “ There is a small voice inside my telephone ” “ My telephone knows my name ” “ My telephone talks to me ” “ My telephone tells me things . ”
“ Daisybrain is the best blog ever ! ”
Here are some unlikely phrases that actually exist on line :
“ Jesse Jackson ate my cookies ” “ I kissed George W. Bush ” “ My hair may be on fire . ” “ I have three ears ” “ Wombats are invading ” “ I ’ll eat you if you eat me ” “ I do not believe in cheese ” “ Are you my chicken ? ” “ My spleen is on fire ” “ Where is my face ? ”
… for more virgin Google phrases , look behind the daisy :
Ericsson 's research suggests a third cliché as well : when it comes to choosing a life path , you should do what you love — because if you do n't love it , you are unlikely to work hard enough to get very good .
Most people naturally do n't like to do things they are n't " good " at .
So they often give up , telling themselves they simply do n't possess the talent for math or skiing or the violin .
But what they really lack is the desire to be good and to undertake the deliberate practice that would make them better .
" I think the most general claim here , " Ericsson says of his work , " is that a lot of people believe there are some inherent limits they were born with .
But there is surprisingly little hard evidence that anyone could attain any kind of exceptional performance without spending a lot of time perfecting it . "
This is not to say that all people have equal potential .
Michael Jordan , even if he had n't spent countless hours in the gym , would still have been a better basketball player than most of us .
But without those hours in the gym , he would never have become the player he was .
Ericsson 's conclusions , if accurate , would seem to have broad applications .
Students should be taught to follow their interests earlier in their schooling , the better to build up their skills and acquire meaningful feedback .
Senior citizens should be encouraged to acquire new skills , especially those thought to require " talents " they previously believed they did n't possess .
And it would probably pay to rethink a great deal of medical training .
Ericsson has noted that most doctors actually perform worse the longer they are out of medical school .
Surgeons , however , are an exception .
That 's because they are constantly exposed to two key elements of deliberate practice : immediate feedback and specific goal - setting .
The same is not true for , say , a mammographer .
When a doctor reads a mammogram , she does n't know for certain if there is breast cancer or not .
She will be able to know only weeks later , from a biopsy , or years later , when no cancer develops .
Without meaningful feedback , a doctor 's ability actually deteriorates over time .
Ericsson suggests a new mode of training .
" Imagine a situation where a doctor could diagnose mammograms from old cases and immediately get feedback of the correct diagnosis for each case , " he says .
" Working in such a learning environment , a doctor might see more different cancers in one day than in a couple of years of normal practice . "
If nothing else , the insights of Ericsson and his Expert Performance compatriots can explain the riddle of why so many elite soccer players are born early in the year .
Since youth sports are organized by age bracket , teams inevitably have a cutoff birth date .
In the European youth soccer leagues , the cutoff date is Dec. 31 .
So when a coach is assessing two players in the same age bracket , one who happened to have been born in January and the other in December , the player born in January is likely to be bigger , stronger , more mature .
Guess which player the coach is more likely to pick ?
He may be mistaking maturity for ability , but he is making his selection nonetheless .
And once chosen , those January - born players are the ones who , year after year , receive the training , the deliberate practice and the feedback — to say nothing of the accompanying self - esteem — that will turn them into elites .
This may be bad news if you are a rabid soccer mom or dad whose child was born in the wrong month .
But keep practicing : a child conceived on this Sunday in early May would probably be born by next February , giving you a considerably better chance of watching the 2030 World Cup from the family section .
In a surprise announcement , a judiciary official in provincial Iran said a woman who had been convicted and sentenced to stoning for adultery had also been convicted of murder .
Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , a 43 - year - old mother of two in the Tabriz area , had been convicted of cheating on her late husband , apparently a murder victim , and sentenced to die by stoning , a ruling that is officially under review , according to Iranian judiciary officials .
But on Sunday , Malek Ejdar Sharifi , head of East Azerbaijan Province 's judiciary , told the official Islamic Republic News Agency ( in Persian ) : " Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani has not been convicted of illicit sex only , " he said .
" " She has been found guilty of numerous and extremely heavy offenses .
She was sentenced to capital punishment [ in 2006 ] in the criminal court in Tabriz , the center of the province , for committing murder , manslaughter and adultery . "
That 's fresh news .
Up until Sharifi 's comments , Iranian officials and her lawyer said she was only convicted of adultery .
Her lawyer , Mohammad Mostafai , said his client had been convicted of having a hand in her husband 's death but that the charge played no role in the death sentence against her , especially since her children did not want to pursue the murder charge against their mother .
She was handed a 10 - year sentence for the murder , her lawyer said .
" In the first place , the allegation was murder , " the lawyer told Babylon & Beyond .
" She was accused of killing her husband , but as her children forgave her ... she was pardoned and there was no more allegation against her .
But to complicate the case , the court raised the issue of adultery . "
Sharifi declined to outline Ashtiani's role in her husband 's death , saying it would be just too darn shocking for the public .
ARM and defconfig files
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
The kernel tree for the ARM architecture is large and fairly complicated .
Because of the large number of ARM system - on - chip ( SoC ) variants , as well as different versions of the ARM CPU itself , there is something of a combinatorial explosion occurring in the architecture tree .
That , in turn , led to something of an explosion from Linus Torvalds as he is getting tired of " pointless churn " in the tree .
A pull request from Daniel Walker for some updates to arch / arm / mach - msm was the proximate cause of Torvalds 's unhappiness , but it goes deeper than that .
He responded to Walker 's request , by pointing out a problem he sees with ARM :
arch / arm / configs / arch / arm / mach - xyz arch / arm / plat - blah and at a certain point in the merge window I simply could not find it in me to care about it any more .
There 's something wrong with ARM development .
The amount of pure noise in the patches is incredibly annoying .
Right now , ARM is already ( despite me not reacting to some of the flood ) 55 % of all arch / changes since 2.6.34 , and it's all pointless churn inand at a certain point in the merge window I simply could not find it in me to care about it any more .
He goes on to note that the majority of the diffs are " mind - deadening " because they are n't sensibly readable by humans .
He further analyzes the problem by comparing the sizes of the x86 and ARM trees , with the latter being some 800 K lines of " code " — roughly three times the size of x86 .
Of that , 200K lines are default config ( i.e. defconfig ) files for 170 + different SoCs .
To Torvalds , those files are " pure garbage " .
In fact , he is " actually considering just getting rid of all the ' defconfig ' files entirely " .
Each of those files represents the configuration choices someone made when building a kernel for a specific ARM SoC , but keeping them around is just a waste , he said :
And I suspect that it really is best to just remove the existing defconfig files .
People can see them in the history to pick up what the heck they did , but no way will any sane model ever look even _remotely_ like them , so they really are n't a useful basis for going forward .
Another problem that Torvalds identified is the proliferation of platform - specific drivers , which could very likely be combined into shared drivers in the drivers / tree or coalesced in other ways .
Basically , " we need somebody who cares , and does n't just mindlessly aggregate all the crud " .
Ben Dooks agreed that there is a problem , but that " many of the big company players have yet to really see the necessity " of combining drivers .
He also noted that at least some of the defconfig files were being used in automated build testing , but did agree that there are older defconfigs that should be culled .
Dooks also had a longer description of the problems that ARM maintainers have in trying to support so many different SoCs , while also trying to reduce the size and complexity of the sub-architecture trees .
Essentially , the maintainers are swamped and " until it hits these big companies in the pocket it [ is ] very difficult to get them to actually pay " for cleaning up the ARM tree and keeping it clean in the future .
Because Torvalds said that he was planning to remove the ARM ( and other ) defconfig files , ARM maintainer Russell King posted a warning to the linux - arm - kernel mailing list :
Linus does n't appear to be listening to reason , so I see now this as a fait accompli .
It 'll [ apparently ] happen at the next merge window .
So , do n't send anything which contains a defconfig file or updates to it .
It 's pointless .
That set off a separate discussion on that mailing list — King 's and others ' attempts to redirect it back to linux - kernel notwithstanding — about ways to reduce the amount of mostly redundant information carried around in the defconfig files .
Ryan Mallon is in favor of proactively eliminating some defconfigs , while others discussed various ways to only keep the deltas between the config files for various SoCs .
Based on Torvalds 's comments on linux - kernel , some kind of delta scheme is unlikely to fly .
His main complaint is that the defconfig files are neither readable nor writable by humans , as they are generated by various tools .
He made some specific suggestions of alternatives that would still allow the generation of those config files , using Kconfig files that are usable by humans .
Reducing the number of defconfigs , as Mallon suggested , may be helpful , but King at least is convinced that it does n't go far enough .
He believes that Torvalds has already made up his mind to remove the defconfigs in the next merge window and that the ARM community better be ready with something else :
I believe the only acceptable solution is to get an [ alternative ] method in place - no matter what it is - and remove the all but one of the defconfig files from the mainline kernel .
_ And_ , most importantly , kautobuild needs to be fixed so that we still get build coverage .
The loss of kautobuild is a major concern here , and I believe it trumps everything else for the next merge window .
Kautobuild is an extremely important resource that we simply can not afford to lose .
The discussion ranged from possible solutions to the immediate defconfig problem to the larger issue of reducing the duplication throughout the ARM trees .
There is an effort underway to produce a single kernel that would support multiple ARM platforms for Ubuntu 10.10 , which will likely help consolidate various sub-architectures .
Given that Canonical is working closely with the newly formed Linaro organization — founded to simplify ARM Linux — there is reason to believe that things will get better .
Meanwhile , though , back on linux - kernel , Torvalds started a new thread to flesh out his ideas for a hierarchical collection of Kconfig files that would essentially take the place of the defconfigs .
After some back and forth , Torvalds gave an example of exactly what he is suggesting :
Let 's say that I want a x86 configuration that has USB enabled .
I can basically _ask_ the Kconfig machinery to generate that with something like this : - create a " Mykconfig " file : config MYCONFIG bool default y select USB source arch / x86 / Kconfig and then I just do KBUILD_KCONFIG= Mykconfig make allnoconfig and look what appears in the .config file .
and then I just doand look what appears in the .config file .
He goes on to describe a theoretical Kconfig .omap3_evm file that sets the specific requirements for that platform and then includes Kconfig.omap3 .
That file sets up whatever is required for the OMAP3 platform and includes Kconfig.arm .
That would allow developers or tools like kautobuild to generate the necessary config files without having to carry them around in the kernel tree .
Those Kconfig files would also be much more readable and any diffs would be understandable , which is important to Torvalds .
That solves a significant subset of the problem , but there is still a fly in the ointment : dependencies .
In Torvalds 's example , CONFIG_USB requires CONFIG_USB_SUPPORT , so that would need to be added to Mykconfig .
Not accounting for dependencies will get you a kernel that does n't build or , worse yet , wo n't run correctly .
There are a number of possible solutions to the dependency problem , though , ranging from Catalin Marinas 's patch to track unmet dependencies of options used in select statements to Vegard Nossum 's summer of code project to add a satisfiability solver into the configuration editors ( menuconfig , etc. ) .
It certainly seems likely that defconfig files will be removed from the kernel tree in the 2.6.36 merge window .
Whether there is another solution — based on Torvalds 's ideas or something else — to replace them is really up to the architecture teams as Torvalds is perfectly happy to move on without them .
ARM , PowerPC , MIPS , and others all have lots of defconfig files , but unless he changes his mind , they wo n't in a few short months .
They can keep maintaining those files in a separate repository somewhere , or find an acceptable method to generate them .
While it may be painful in the short term , it will reduce the size of the kernel tree and make Torvalds 's job easier , both of which are worth striving for .
Row 2 , Cell 1 : White Hello Kitty , and two college cubes .
Row 2 , Cell 2 : Four different Dice / Domino cubes , and one Magic Squares cube .
Row 2 , Cell 3 : Various company promo cubes .
Row 2 , Cell 4 : A couple promo cubes , a cheap tiled cube with letters and numbers and Chinese symbols , a cube with holes punched in each sticker , and a Flag Cube .
Row 3 , Cell 1 : Sports and entertainment cubes : ET , Murder By Numbers , WWF , Britney Spears , San Francisco Giants , Dude Where 's My Car .
Row 3 , Cell 2 : Three Walker 's cubes , one Coca Cola cube and one M&M / Pedigree cube .
Row 3 , Cell 3 : Fast food and beer ( always a winning combination ) :
Two different McDonalds cubes , one Dairy Queen , one Budweiser , one Michelobe and one Coors .
Row 3 , Cell 4 : Fruit and cereal cubes : Three Chex cubes ( all appear different due to ink colour and intensity ) , two WP Fruit cubes and one General Mills cereals cube .
Row 4 , Cell 1 : Six different Poker cubes .
Row 4 , Cell 2 : One more Poker cube , the white Vice City cube and the silver Toronto WC2003 give - away cube .
Row 4 , Cell 3 : Five white plastic cubes with various sticker differences , one semi- translucent plastic cube with regular stickers ( white is replaced by black ) and two keychain cubes : with one dark blue plastic , the other with grey .
Row 4 , Cell 4 : Non -black plastic cubes in four sizes .
One grey cube , one white with round stickers ( probably the same as the one in the previous cell ) , one promo cube , one dark brown plastic cube , two mid-sized white cubes one of which has Mickey Mouse stickers instead of black spots , one smaller red plastic cube , and one grey plastic keychain cube .
A few words from us
Exactly !
Exactly .
It 's interesting that you ask that question because I think those are rules we make as women .
So it 's us ?
I think it is .
Why did you pick the word " chaste " and not " celibate " ?
" Chaste " just seemed to have more romance about it .
" Celibate " seemed to have more of a religious edge for a start , and I was very keen to stay clear of that , because one of the things I wanted to do was reclaim chastity for a mainstream , secular , non-politically divisive audience .
What did you find most challenging about taking on the vow ?
It was interesting ; it was n't necessarily the things that I would have expected at the start of the year .
Certainly I missed sex , but as the year wore on that actually got easier .
The six - month mark was a bit testing , but certainly toward the end that had become almost manageable because there were so many compensations .
But I think that that feeling of being slightly almost trapped in a cell , in a way , just being horribly self - aware during the year was a bit challenging at times .
And I was forced to see things about myself that I had n't liked to think of myself being — you know , passive and always going along with things because that was always sort of what was expected .
So , coming face - to - face with those realizations was a bit challenging .
One of your suitors , the Boy - Next - Door , invites you to dinner , which you find surprising .
You ask yourself whether that invitation would have materialized had you already slept with him .
How important , after that year , do you think " taking things slow " matters in the longevity of a relationship ?
Is this something that 's changed how you approach dating ?
Yes , it really has , actually .
I do n't say , " Oh , it 's going to be X number of months .
" Actually , I 've got a friend who always tells guys it 's going to be three months .
And she says that she never intends [ for it to happen ] — she never really puts that into sorts , but she always gives it till two months and that sort of sorts them out .
And I do n't take that approach but I 've certainly slowed things down an awful lot .
And it 's weird , it 's little difficult , at this stage .
I 'm taking the effects of the year itself and the effects of the book , obviously .
Now that the book is out there , that tends to source very candid conversations very early on .
Have you spoken to any of the men detailed in your book since its release ?
Most of them , I have .
I was incredibly worried the Jake character would put it down feeling awful about himself .
And I really did n't want to villainize any of these men ... so , I think he was fine about it .
Did he learn anything ?
Was it a revelation for any of them , about how they were going about dating ?
Well , the updated final chapter — which is in the U.S. edition and only in the U.K. paperback edition — I did send that before it went to press to the old friend that appears .
And he said , " Well , it 's so interesting to see what was going on in your mind at that point , because you very rarely get the chance to do that . "
And I just thought , well , communication is so hard .
Nobody 's been furious ... I 've had an odd case of a male friend saying " Am I in it ? " and me sort of thinking " Well , why on earth would you want to be in it ? "
Mr T pities the fools who turned The A - Team into a movie filled with sex and violence .
The 58 - year - old actor , famous for his role as eccentric sergeant BA " Bad Attitude " Baracus in the popular 1980s TV show , has laid into the big - screen adaptation from director Joe Carnahan after attending a test screening .
Where the original version was reasonably light fare , the new film ventured into far more adult territory , he said .
" People die in the film and there 's plenty of sex but when we did it , no one got hurt and it was all played for fun and family entertainment , " Mr T said .
" These seem to be elements nobody is interested in anymore .
It was too graphic for me .
I 've no doubt it will do big business at the box office but it 's nothing like the show we turned out every week . "
The original A - Team , which ran from 1983 to 1986 , centred on a group of Vietnam veterans who work as " soldiers of fortune " while on the run from the US military after being convicted of a crime they did not commit .
Carnahan 's movie transfers the action to the modern day and makes the men Iraq war veterans .
It stars Liam Neeson as Colonel John " Hannibal " Smith , Bradley Cooper as Lieutenant Templeton " Faceman " Peck , Sharlto Copley as Captain HM " Howling Mad " Murdock and ultimate fighting star Quinton " Rampage " Jackson in Mr T 's former role as Baracus .
Both Dwight Schultz , who played Murdock , and Dirk Benedict , formerly Faceman , are reported to have filmed cameos for the movie , which will be released this Friday in the US and on 30 July in the UK .
However , Mr T apparently refused to make an appearance .
George Peppard , who played Hannibal , died in 1994 .
Mr T's misgivings are in line with the original TV show 's refusal to show anyone dying on screen , which some consider one of its most amusingly silly traits .
Jewish populations around the world share more than traditions and laws – they also have a common genetic background .
That is the conclusion of the most comprehensive genetic study yet aimed at tracing the ancestry of Jewish people .
In a study of over 200 Jews from cities in three different countries , researchers found that all of them descended from a founding community that lived 2500 years ago in Mesopotamia .
Harry Ostrer of New York University , whose team carried out the study , likens modern Jewish populations to a series of genetic islands spread across the world .
The main reason that Jews continue to form a distinct genetic group , despite their wide dispersal is the exclusivity of the Jewish religion and the tight restrictions it imposes on marriage to those outside the Jewish faith .
Advertisement
Ostrer ’s colleague Gil Atzmon of Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University in New York says that the religious traditions and laws shared by practising Jews around the world , and their isolation from their non-Jewish neighbours , means that Jews share many more genomic segments with each other than they do with non-Jewish people .
Marrying out
Jewish law makes it hard for non-Jews to convert .
Communities that do accept converts expect them to spend several years studying the traditions and laws of Judaism .
Most observant Jews marry other Jews , which limits genetic mixing with other populations , although in the past century some communities have become more accepting of marriage outside the faith .
Atzmon and his colleagues studied the DNA of 237 Jews from New York , Seattle , Athens and Rome , representing Ashkenazi , Turkish , Greek , Italian , Syrian , Iranian and Iraqi groups .
They searched for genetic similarities among these populations , and compared them with the DNA of 418 non -Jews .
The study compared 2 million distinct DNA markers known as SNPs spread across the entire genome .
That ’s four times the number of markers used in previous studies .
“ We are the first to analyse genome - wide differences , ” says Atzmon .
Atzmon ’s team found that the SNP markers in genetic segments of 3 million DNA letters or longer were 10 times more likely to be identical among Jews than non-Jews .
Atzmon says that overall , the genetic similarity among Jews is equivalent to what would be expected among fifth cousins from a random population .
Results of the analysis also tally with biblical accounts of the fate of the Jews .
Using their DNA analysis , the authors traced the ancestors of all Jews to Persia and Babylon , areas that now form part of Iran and Iraq .
Exiled from Babylon
The genetic tree shows that between 100 and 150 generations ago – the equivalent of 2500 years – the founder population split in two , with half the Jews being dispersed into Europe and North Africa , the other half remaining in the Middle East .
This corresponds with accounts of the expulsion of the Jews into exile in 587 BC by the Babylonian king Nebuchadnezzar .
The genetic analysis shows that amongst modern Jews , the populations that are most genetically similar are those originating from Iraq and Iran .
The rest share much more of their DNA with non-Jewish Europeans and North Africans , which may be why many Jews whose recent ancestors lived in Europe or Syria have blond hair or blue eyes .
The team found genetic traces of a period of intense conversion to Judaism during the time of the Roman Empire , when up to 10 per cent of citizens were Jewish .
Among modern non-Jewish Europeans , Italians , Sardinians and the French are most closely genetically similar to modern Jews , the team found .
Atzmon says that the analysis could bring medical benefits by helping to identify genetic markers for diseases common in Jewish communities breast cancer , prostate cancer and the inherited metabolic condition , Tay - Sachs disease , which kills in infanthood .
Journal reference : American Journal of Human Genetics , DOI : 10.1016/j.ajhg.2010.04/015
by Katharine Hansen , Ph.D .
Your cover letter shows employers how well you express yourself .
It can also demonstrate that you are savvy in the ways of marketing yourself and selling your best qualifications .
A good cover letter will entice the recipient to review your resume .
A bad cover letter , on the other hand , can nip your chances in the bud .
Below are eight cover letter mistakes that contribute to bad cover letters .
To ensure that your cover letter is effective , avoid these missteps !
1 . Do n't skip the cover letter
Sure , there are some employers that do n’t place much importance on cover letters .
That said , it ’s impossible to know whether the employer you are contacting places value on candidates ’ cover letters .
Do n’t skip this step .
A cover letter does n’t have to be complicated but you must include one .
Even if the job ad you 're replying to does n't specifically state the need for a cover letter , send a cover letter .
2 . It 's not about you
It 's not about what the employer can do for you , but what you can do for the employer .
This mistake is particularly common among inexperienced jobseekers .
In most cases , employers are in business to make a profit .
They want to know what you can do for their bottom line , not what they can do to fulfill your career dreams .
Tell the employer how you can meet the company ’s needs and make significant contributions to the company .
3 . Avoid a boring or formulaic cover letter
Do n't waste your first paragraph by writing a boring introduction .
Dive right in by using the first paragraph to grab the employer ’s attention .
Tell the employer which position you are applying for and summarize the reasons you are qualified for the role , expanding on your qualifications in later paragraphs .
Do n’t use clichés and do n't be boring -- rather do your best to write a dynamic cover letter .
Write a letter that will make the employer want to get to know you better .
4. Proofread your cover letter
Proofread your cover letter . . . and then proofread it again .
Typos , misspellings , or incorrect grammar and punctuation can send your application right into the trash pile .
Your letter reflects your ability to write and communicate , and your attention to detail .
Be sure your document is letter - perfect before sending it out .
Proofread your letter .
Put it down and proof it again a few hours later with a fresh eye .
It ’s also helpful to enlist a friend to review it for errors , or to use a tool like Grammarly to help you check your work .
5 . Do n’t rehash your resume
Do n’t use your cover letter to rehash your resume .
Use your cover letter to highlight the aspects of your resume that are relevant to the position , but you ’re wasting precious space — and the potential employer ’s time — if you simply repeat what 's your resume .
Cover letters are an opportunity to expand upon some of the key correlative bullet points listed in the Work Experience section of your resume .
Ask yourself :
What experience is on my resume that I ’d like this employer to know more about ?
Which past job most relates to the one I 'm applying for ?
Focus your cover letter on these -- go deep , and bring to life learnings that have room to be fleshed out in your cover letter .
6 . Cover letters are n’t one - size - fits all
It ’s okay to have a basic template for your cover letter , but when you ’re answering an ad or online job posting , the specifics of your letter should closely mimic the wording of the job post .
A good job post will let you know exactly what the hiring manager is looking for in a candidate , so tailor your letter to address these specific qualifications .
Do some research into the company and try to read between the lines to see if your experience lines up with these values in any way .
For example , if you are applying for a job at a company the sells educational products that help children succeed in school , mention your time spent as a volunteer tutor .
It ’ll show that you share the company ’s values and that you understand the value of its product line .
7 . Keep it short but sweet
Brevity is a skill , so do your best to keep your letter brief .
It should never be more than one page , but a good rule of thumb is to keep your letter to four or five paragraphs of no more than three sentences apiece .
Using bullet points to outline skills and experience that might be of interest to the employer is a good way to break up blocks of text and draw attention to specific items .
Your cover letter is a marketing tool that should focus on the qualifications that will sell you to the employer .
Be sure to include your Unique Selling Proposition .
Using clear , simple language , your Unique Selling Propositions should answer these questions :
What makes you unique ?
What makes you better than other candidates applying for the position ?
What can you offer that no other applicant can ?
8 . Use strong language to describe yourself
Avoid such phrases as “ I feel ” and “ I believe . ”
Your statements will be much stronger without them .
It ’s best to either leave off the qualifier or use a stronger qualifier , such as “ I am confident , ” I am convinced , ” or “ I am positive . ”
Here are some examples of weak statements versus strong statements :
Example 1 :
Weak statement : I believe my background provides me with unique qualifications . . .
Strong statement :
My background provides me with unique qualifications . . .
Example 2 :
Weak statement : I feel very confident that I would be an asset . . .
Strong statement : I am confident that I would be an asset . . .
Example 3 :
Weak statement : I feel I can help the ABC Corporation to become more efficient . . .
Strong statement : I am convinced I can help the ABC Corporation to become more efficient . . .
Helpful Cover Letter Resources :
Questions about some of the terminology used in this article ?
Get more information ( definitions and links ) on key college , career , and job - search terms by going to our Jobseeker ’s Glossary of Job-Hunting Terms .
Best of luck with writing your cover letter !
That will teach them to leave the evidence right in front of the criminal Posted by ICRocks420
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 63 votes ) Views : 33301
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 63 votes ) Views : 33301
That will teach them to leave the evidence right in front of the criminal
Tags : african american , police
“ Then she ’d go back out with her friends and I ’d go to bed , ” Mr. Brozina said .
People who knew Kristen and her dad ( shown together in the photo above ) knew The Streak , and accommodated it .
One night , Mr. Brozina was at a woman friend ’s house .
“ Things were progressing very nicely , ” he said .
“ And she jumps up and says , ‘ Did you read to Kristen yet ? ’
Holy smokes , I took off on two wheels . ”
Like all earth - shattering acts , there was more to The Streak than met the eye , although for years it was unspoken .
About the time The Streak started , Kristen ’s family shrunk from six to two in a year ’s time .
Her two surviving grandparents died .
Her sister , who is seven years older , went off to Yale .
And her mother left her father .
“ It was just the two of us , ” Kristen said .
“ The Streak was stability when everything else was unstable .
It was something I knew would always be there .
“ People kept leaving me , but with The Streak , I knew that nothing would come before The Streak .
In high school , I had friends who never talked to their parents .
It never occurred to me not to .
If someone takes care of you , you want to be with them . ”
Her father felt that , too .
“ With a family of two , I wanted her to be absolutely sure in her mind that I was here for her , ” he said .
But he had other reasons .
At 61 , he ’s part of a generation that held reading as an almost magical ticket to upward mobility .
He ’s been a school librarian here for 38 years , knows most everyone in this modest blue - collar town , and whenever he bumps into one of his former students , the first thing he asks is , “ Are you reading ? ” followed by his mantra : “ If you love to read , you ’ll probably go to college , maybe for free .
You ’ll get a better job , get a higher income , live longer . ”
Over the years , he has built a collection of 700 of the best books he and Kristen read together .
“ I do n’t have much money to pass on , ” he said .
“ But these books , she ’ll read to hers and they ’ll read to theirs .
And they ’ll read to the generations down the lines .
It ’s a means for me to touch generations I ’ll never see .
They ’ll all be smart .
I ca n’t imagine these books will never be used .
Every single one of them is so good . ”
You 're never alone when you have a clone .
In Prometheus , you work with your past and future selves to complete your objective .
Version 3 has an all new art style , 3 new levels , a dynamic music system and an improved Epimetheus menu that shows you previews of what you did before .
Download it now and Try , Try Again !
Here 's a video listicle of the hundred best put - downs , insults , and slams in cinema .
If you 're feeling like you need some negative reinforcement today , this is the video for you .
There 's everything from Wizard of Oz to Glengarry Glen Ross .
[ Pajiba , via Vulture ]
Jonathan Jones has some simple words of advice for national artistic institutions currently feeling the financial squeeze : " If they can get money from Satan himself , they should take it . "
The phrase is deliberately provocative , but succeeds in reaching the heart of the debate over BP 's sponsorship of the arts .
The argument is straightforward enough – it's time to batten down the hatches and ignore the storm of protest , because without organisations such as BP the arts might simply cease to exist .
Responding to Jones yesterday , the artist John Jordan suggested one problem with this approach : that art risks selling its soul .
BP 's money is tainted , and it is hard to see how the company 's reputation wo n't have a long - term impact on those who accept it .
The spill in the Gulf of Mexico is the environmental scandal of the decade , but it wo n't be the last .
And as BP strives to extract the last drops of oil from ever more remote regions of the planet , a whole new kind of reputational risk begins to emerge .
Shocking images of oil - soaked pelicans will not be around for ever , but the consequences of climate change will be with us for the rest of the century .
Tate director Nicholas Serota needs to consider this risk carefully .
Does his institution want to be associated with one of the world 's biggest single sources of pollution ?
One that has actively lobbied to undermine clean energy , pouring huge sums into industry groups that campaign to lower carbon taxes and weaken climate legislation ?
BP 's alternative energy business is a plaything of former boss Lord Browne that has been consigned to the corporate rubbish tip .
For these reasons and others , BP is certain to remain the focus of environmental resistance and public anger for years to come .
Similarly , those who choose to lend the company an air of acceptability by receiving corporate sponsorship will continue to be seen as legitimate targets for protest around the world .
This movement is still in its infancy , but will only gather in strength .
The second problem simply concerns credibility .
The Tate website proudly proclaims its ethical policy , announcing that it will not accept funds from a donor who has " acted , or is believed to have acted , illegally in the acquisition of funds " .
As lawmakers on Capitol Hill put the final touches to a series of massive lawsuits , and criminal prosecutions loom on the horizon , it is hard to find a single individual who claims that BP has acted in compliance with the law .
Far more compelling , though , is the Tate 's stated ambition to demonstrate " leadership in response to climate change " .
If ever there were a moment to show such leadership , this is surely it .
Tate has a unique opportunity to demonstrate that one of the UK's most progressive institutions is prepared to take meaningful steps to show its opposition to carbon - intensive industry .
Currently , it refuses to even acknowledge BP 's record as an issue , relying instead on bland statements that mention only the longevity of BP 's financial support .
There is clearly a disconnect , and behind closed doors there must be real uneasiness in the boardroom – not to mention the membership .
The issue here is not sponsorship per se , but choices .
Over the past few days a number of commentators have pointed out that tobacco companies are now seen as an unacceptable partner for any self - respecting artistic body , but for some reason oil companies are still welcome to the private view .
This comes despite human rights abuses , refinery explosions , the destruction of entire ecosystems , and political interference on a historic scale .
You have to wonder why .
Sure , BP probably offers slightly more money than the other companies vying for the sponsorship deal .
They probably do n't interfere too much , either ( some might say that they know a thing or two about secrecy and discretion ) .
But the fact is that there must be a host of other companies out there who actually fit the existing ethical policy of these organisations , and a relatively small financial hit is surely worth the reputational protection such a deal would provide .
By now you might be asking what all the fuss is about .
After all , it 's only a small logo on a programme , a discreet thank you at the bottom of the catalogue .
Jones says : " I must have seen the BP logo a thousand times on press releases and it never lodged in my mind . "
But ask any branding expert : it 's exactly this kind of subliminal association that gives a brand its identity .
Until the Gulf of Mexico disaster , BP 's green sunflower was found only in carefully selected locations designed to give the company an air of clean , British authority : Covent Garden , the National Portrait awards , a new exhibition at the Tate .
These are some of our best loved pastimes , and for BP this feelgood factor is simply priceless .
Their executives do not sponsor the arts as a way of " giving something back " , or because they truly believe in opera , or painting , or culture .
They simply believe in winning political and cultural aquiescence in the ugly business of oil extraction , and the sponsorship deals allow them to do just that .
The millions BP spends on our artistic institutions represents an absolute bargain .
Unfortunately , it is the rest of society that is being ripped off .
A former president of the Secondary Principals Council says the selective school system is a form of apartheid .
Chris Bonnor is concerned that students who do not have access to selective schools are being disadvantaged .
He says there will be a huge social costs if students from inclusive schools are allowed to fall behind those attending selective schools .
" What we are doing in our secondary education in particular is we are separating out kids not only on the basis of academic ability , but on social background " , he said .
" This issue not only relates to selective schools , it relates to schools generally that are able to select , substantially or even in a minor way , the students that they teach . "
He says online selective schools that reach out to students wherever they are should be expanded , and inclusive schools should get a boost in funding .
" If you favour the advantaged and increase opportunities for them and you end up with the less advantaged falling behind , there are serious national , social and economic costs for any country or system that does that , " he said .
" We 're increasingly complaining in Australia about our long under - perfoming tail , and one of the reasons is that far too many of our schools are now , to one extent or another , selective . "
Aftermath of Dubai Assassination Israel Against Extradition of Suspected Mossad Agent to Germany
The arrest in Poland of a suspected Mossad agent is threatening to cause a diplomatic tug - of - war between Israel , Poland , Germany and Dubai .
The man was arrested in connection with an investigation into the assassination of a leading Hamas figure in a Dubai hotel in January .
Advertisements
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel was on ABC’s This Week today , where he painted the Republican Party as dangerous to America due to their blind support of BP , “ It ’s dangerous for the American people . ”
Emanuel ’s point was that if Republicans were in charge , there would be no regulation , and corporate America would run wild as they did during the Bush years .
Here is the video from ABC’s This Week :
Advertisements
Jake Tapper asked Emanuel if Rep. Joe Barton ( R - TX ) should step down , and this gave Rahm the opening he needed to go off , “ That ’s for the Republicans to decide .
What I think is more important , you can say it ’s a political gift for us , and it is .
But it ’s dangerous for the American people , because while the ranking Republican would have oversight into the energy industry , and if the Republicans were the majority , would have actually the gavel and the chairmanship . ”
Obama ’s Chief of Staff tied Barton ’s remarks to the overall Republican philosophy , “ That ’s not a political gaffe , those were prepared remarks .
That is a philosophy .
That is an approach to what they see .
They see the aggrieved party here is BP , not the fishermen .
And remember , this is not just one person .
Rand Paul , running for Senate in Kentucky , what did he say ?
He said the way BP was being treated was un-American . ”
He continued , “ Other members of the Republican leadership have come to the defense of BP and attacked the administration for forcing them to set up an escrow account and fund it to the level of $ 20 billion .
These are n’t political gaffes .
You know , I ’ve been in hearings .
Joe Barton was speaking from prepared remarks .
Rand Paul , who is running Kentucky , a leading Senate candidate for the Republicans said BP , the way they were being treated was un-American . ”
Just to make sure that everyone watching got it , Emanuel repeated his point that the Republican defense of BP echoes their philosophy , “ That is an approach to — they think the government is the problem .
And in this balance , and the difference here is that BP made a mess .
And the government , and also in the president ’s view , in certain areas like MMS , has n’t done its job . ”
Republicans had best get used to this , because they are going to be bludgeoned with their defense of BP from now until November .
Emanuel was correct that their defense of BP echoes the GOP ’s larger philosophy that corporate America is always right , and that government exists to aid corporate America ’s quest for profits .
If the GOP is opposed to holding BP accountable for the worst environmental disaster in US history , then what exactly would it take for Republicans to regulate anyone ?
Emanuel is the White House Chief of Staff , and one of the most powerful members of the administration , so when he ties the GOP to BP , then you can be certain that this is the White House strategy .
In one swoop , the GOP managed to remind America why they voted them out of majority control and the White House .
Republicans were so desperate to blame Obama for the oil spill that they could n’t resist defending their old friend , Big Oil .
The irony is that by defending BP , they have taken the focus off of Obama and placed it squarely upon themselves .
A Swiss court has given a suspended sentence to a psychotherapist who treated his high - society patients with LSD , ecstasy and mescaline saying the illegal drugs expanded the consciousness .
The Zurich court gave the 62 - year - old therapist a 16 - month suspended sentence and a 2000 franc ( $ 2240 ) fine for supplying the drugs during weekend therapy sessions between 2004 and 2008 , the ATS news agency reported .
Groups of about 60 people - made up of doctors , lawyers and businessmen 's wives , who each paid 300 francs - attended the sessions , the charge sheet said .
The psychotherapist , who was not named by ATS , handed out 700 doses each of LSD and ecstasy , 50 of mescaline and 150 of 2 - CB , a synthetic drug similar to mescaline , for which the prosecutor wanted him convicted of drug dealing .
In court , the therapist said the illegal products were not drugs but " substances which allow the expansion of the consciousness " .
The court found him guilty of violating the law on therapeutic products .
AFP
ABU DHABI ( Reuters ) - Iran faced growing economic pressure on Monday after two Western oil firms halted business with it , and a Gulf Arab country seen as a trade lifeline for Tehran moved to freeze some Iranian - linked bank accounts .
The developments underlined the major oil producer ’s increasing international isolation over a nuclear programme it says is aimed at generating electricity but major powers suspect is intended for making bombs .
France ’s Total joined an expanding list of companies that have stopped gasoline sales to Iran , and Spain ’s Repsol said it had pulled out of a contract to develop part of the country ’s huge South Pars gas field in the Gulf .
“ Total has suspended its sales of gasoline or refined products to Iran , ” a company spokesman said in Paris .
The decisions were announced four days after the U.S. Congress approved a bill to penalise firms supplying gasoline to the Iran , which is the world ’s fifth - largest oil exporter but lacks sufficient refining capacity for its own fuel needs .
The director of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency , Leon Panetta , speaking in Washington on Sunday , said targeted economic sanctions would probably not deter the Islamic Republic from seeking a nuclear capability .
Panetta also asserted that Tehran had enough nuclear material for two bombs if further enriched .
Iran ’s hardline president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , dismissed the latest punitive measures , declaring that his country could become self - sufficient in gasoline production “ within one week , there is no problem . ”
He told a Tehran news conference that Iran was prepared to resume nuclear talks with major powers but only after a delay of several weeks to “ punish ” the West for imposing new sanctions , and with friendly countries included at the table .
“ Are they so afraid of two bombs ?
There are 20,000 bombs stockpiled and they are so afraid of the possibility of the existence of two bombs ?
This is really amazing , ” he said .
The U.N. Security Council has imposed four rounds of sanctions since 2006 over Iran ’s refusal to halt sensitive uranium enrichment .
UAE “ PLAYING BALL ”
Moving to implement the latest round of measures , the UAE ’s central bank told financial institutions to freeze any accounts belonging to dozens of Iran - linked firms targeted by the June 9 U.N. resolution , a banking source said .
Last week an Emirati newspaper reported that the seven - member United Arab Emirates federation was “ tightening the noose ” on companies the Security Council suspects act as fronts for supplies to Iran ’s atomic activities .
Iran and the UAE have close economic and historic relations and tens of thousands of Iranians live and work in trade hub Dubai and elsewhere in the Arab state , many of them involved in the multi-billion - dollar , re-export trade to Iran .
But Dubai ’s ties with Tehran have drawn scrutiny from the United States , which is spearheading a drive to pressure Iran into halting nuclear enrichment , which can have both military and civilian uses .
Iran has long circumvented restrictions on goods blacklisted by sanctions and much of the trade goes via the UAE , said Middle East analyst Gala Riani of IHS Global Insight .
“ The UAE , and Dubai especially , has come under a lot of pressure ... to tighten restrictions and controls on Iranian firms , ” Riani said .
They are now “ signalling that they are playing ball with the international community , ” she said .
The latest U.N. resolution calls for measures against new Iranian banks abroad if a connection to the nuclear or missile programmes is suspected , as well as vigilance over transactions with any Iranian bank , including the central bank .
Going beyond the U.N. sanctions , the U.S. Congress last week approved new unilateral measures to squeeze Iran ’s energy and banking sectors .
The European Union has also decided to implement additional measures .
Royal Dutch Shell , BP , Reliance Industries and independent Swiss trader Glencore are among suppliers that have already either stopped fuel sales to Iran or decided not to enter into new trading agreements with it .
Firefox 4 will be the biggest release in its history in terms of the amount of changes coming to the most widely used open - source software and the second most popular browser .
A lot of these changes are a long time coming and Mozilla has received some flack in recent times for not being able to keep up with the pace of changes in performances and features already available in much lesser used browsers .
Some even went as far as calling Firefox the new IE with its constant stability issues and lack of major updates .
Lets look at some of the exciting changes coming to Firefox 4 , which is expected to be released by the end of this year .
Some of these changes are already available on Minefield nightlies .
1 ) Major UI Redesign :
If you look at the new Firefox 4 UI you might confuse it with Chrome design , since the tabs are now on top .
But to be precise the new Firefox design looks less like Chrome and more like Opera 10 .
Alas Opera never gets credit for design and feature ideas , which is likely where chrome found their design inspiration and Firefox 4 followed .
Firefox Minefield on top , Opera 10 at bottom .
Mozilla is moving cautiously with this new design choice and they started to promote the new tab on top choice .
But rest assured , its not a question of if they will do it .
The decision has been made already they are just promoting the idea to make sure that the majority are kosher with the idea .
As far as the new menu bar is concerned , it may stay there by default but you will have a choice to go back to the old format .
Another design concept they took from Chrome is the Sticky Tab concept where you will be able to leave your most widely used website in the form of a permanent tab / button on one corner .
You could do this with Firefox extensions , but now it will be a permanent feature with Firefox 4 .
2 ) JägerMonkey JavaScript Engine :
Its amazing how fast things changes in such short time .
In less than a year ago Firefox was proud of having one of the fastest JavaScript Engine out there and Opera , IE had one of the worst performing JavaScript engines .
Fast forward now , Opera has the fastest JavaScript engine as far as stable releases are concerned and even IE9 preview is beating Firefox in JS performance but a long shot .
Firefox currently uses nanojit for its native code generator and will be moving to Webkits JSCore engine for Firefox 4 .
Which combined with Tracemonkeys powerful optimization should give them a better performance over their current engine .
However it will be interesting to see how or if they will ever get faster than other webkit engine as far as JavaScript performance is concerned , since their implementation will be based on webkit .
3 ) New add - on manager :
Firefox 4 will be featuring a new add - on manager which will work on the background to update extensions instead of all the annoying pop-ups on every startup or every time there is an update available .
You will also be able to search and install extensions from within the add - on manager .
The UI itself looks a lot like the new Ubuntu Software Center .
4 ) TaskFox :
Perhaps one of my favorite feature or at least the one that I am most looking forward to , is TaskFox .
Which is an implementation of the power of Ubiquity within the Firefox browser .
If you ever used Ubiquity you will understand how exciting this is .
The final implementation may not be as powerful as ubiquity but you can check out the demo video and see what it actually does or try it yourself ( very limited demo ) .
5 ) More Standard Compliant :
Firefox has always been in the cutting edge when it comes to being standard compliant .
With Firefox 4 they are pushing the envelope farther by supporting some of the CSS3 and html5 standards missing on Firefox 3.5 .
Some of those major supports coming on Firefox 4 are :
– CSS Transition
– CSS touch properties
– Forms in HTML5
– HTML5 Sections
– Support for WebM video
– WebGL
There are literally dozens of new standards coming up on Firefox 4 , if you are a developer / designer you should definitely check out the whole list .
However , it is important to understand that some of these standards are not necessarily de-facto standards , but standards that are likely to be accepted soon .
Final Thoughts :
I have always been a big supporter of Firefox and converted many friends and family to move to FF when IE development was stagnated .
However in recent times FF was infected with the same bug that destroyed IE .
The bug of slow innovation .
Firefox has been slower and more crash prone in recent times and thats why I moved to Chrome which is innovating in extreme pace .
However Firefox 4 new features and UI looks like a great reason to go back to using it as my default browser .
Here , I just mentioned some of the main features that will end up in the final version , there are literally 100s of new features that I didnt mention .
Including one big one , Electrolysis , which is similar to tab per process model Chrome currently uses .
However it is not clear if it will make in to the final Firefox 4 release .
Electrical conductivity
Photo by : demarco
Electrical conductivity is the ability of a material to carry the flow of an electric current ( a flow of electrons ) .
Imagine that you attach the two ends of a battery to a bar of iron and a galvanometer .
( A galvanometer is an instrument for measuring the flow of electric current . )
When this connection is made , the galvanometer shows that electric current is flowing through the iron bar .
The iron bar can be said to be a conductor of electric current .
Replacing the iron bar in this system with other materials produces different galvanometer readings .
Other metals also conduct an electric current , but to different extents .
If a bar of silver or aluminum is used , the galvanometer shows a greater flow of electrical current than with the iron bar .
Silver and aluminum are better conductors of electricity than is iron .
If a lead bar is inserted , the galvanometer shows a lower reading than with iron .
Lead is a poorer conductor of electricity than are silver , aluminum , or iron .
Many materials can be substituted for the original iron bar that will produce a zero reading on the galvanometer .
These materials do not permit the flow of electric current at all .
They are said to be nonconductors , or insulators .
Wood , paper , and most plastics are common examples of insulators .
Electrical Resistance Another way of describing the conductivity of a material is through resistance .
Resistance can be defined as the extent to which a material prevents the flow of electricity .
Silver , aluminum , iron and other metals have a low resistance ( and a high conductivity ) .
Wood , paper , and most plastics have a high resistance ( and a low conductivity ) .
The unit of measurement for electrical resistance is called the ohm ( abbreviation : Ω ) .
The ohm was named for German physicist Georg Simon Ohm ( 1789 –1854 ) , who first expressed the mathematical laws of electrical conductance and resistance in detail .
Interestingly enough , the unit of electrical conductance is called the mho ( ohm written backwards ) .
This choice of units clearly illustrates the reciprocal ( opposite ) relationship between electrical resistance and conductivity .
How conductance takes place
Electrical conductivity occurs because of the ease with which electrons can be removed from atoms .
All substances consist of atoms .
In turn , all atoms consist of two main parts : a positively charged nucleus and one or more negatively charged electrons .
An atom of iron , for example , consists of a nucleus with 26 positive charges and 26 negatively charged electrons .
The electrons in an atom are not all held with equal strength .
Electrons close to the nucleus are strongly attracted by the positive charge of the nucleus and are removed from the atom only with great difficulty .
Electrons farthest from the nucleus are held only loosely and are removed quite easily .
A block of iron can be thought of as a huge collection of iron atoms .
Most of the electrons in these atoms are held tightly by the iron nuclei .
But a few electrons are held loosely — so loosely that they act as if they do n't even belong to atoms at all .
Scientists sometimes refer to this condition as a cloud of electrons .
Normally these " free " electrons have no place to go .
They just spin around randomly among the iron atoms .
That situation changes , however , when a battery ( or other source of electric current ) is attached to the iron block .
Electrons flow out of one end of the battery and into the other .
At the electron - rich end of the battery , electrons flow into the piece of iron , pushing iron electrons ahead of them .
Since all electrons have the same negative charge , they repel each other .
Iron electrons are pushed away from the electron - rich end of the battery towards the electron - poor end .
In other words , an electric current flows through the iron .
Insulators have a very different structure .
They too consist of atoms ( nuclei and electrons ) , but very few free electrons can be found in insulators .
Those electrons tend to be bound tightly to nuclei in chemical bonds .
Attaching a battery to an insulator has no effect since there are no free electrons to be pushed through the material .
Solution conductivity
Electrons are not the only particles capable of carrying an electric current .
Ions can do it , too .
An ion is an atom or group of atoms with an electric charge .
Suppose you dissolve a crystal of table salt ( sodium chloride ) in water .
Salt crystals consist of positive sodium ions and negative chloride ions .
In the solid state , these ions are not free to move around .
Once they are dissolved in water , however , they become completely mobile .
They are free to " swim " about in the water and to respond to an electric current from a battery .
That current supplies electrons that cause positive sodium ions to flow in one direction and negative chloride ions to flow in the opposite direction .
A good example of this effect can be seen in the conductivity of water .
Pure water consists only of water molecules .
The electrons in water molecules are held tightly by hydrogen and oxygen atoms and are not free to move .
Attaching a battery to a container of water produces no electric current because pure water is an insulator .
But a few grains of table salt added to the water changes things completely .
Sodium ions and chloride ions are released from the salt , and the salt water solution becomes conductive .
Semiconductivity and superconductivity
Some materials cannot be classified as either conductors or insulators .
Semiconductors , for example , are materials that conduct an electric current but do so very poorly .
Semiconductors were not well understood until the mid-twentieth century , when a series of remarkable discoveries revolutionized the field of electrical conductivity .
These discoveries have made possible a virtually limitless variety of electronic devices , ranging from miniature radios and handheld calculators to massive solar power arrays and orbiting telescopes .
Superconductivity is a property that appears only at very low temperatures , usually close to absolute zero ( −273 °C ) .
At such temperatures , certain materials lose all resistance to electric current ; they become perfect conductors .
Once an electric current is initiated in such materials , it continues to flow without diminishing and can go on essentially forever .
The discovery of superconductivity holds enormous potential for the development of electric appliances .
In such appliances , a large fraction of the electrical energy supplied to the device is lost in overcoming electrical resistance within the device .
That lost energy shows up as waste heat .
If the same appliance were made of a superconducting material , no energy would be lost because there would be no resistance to overcome .
The appliance would become , at least in principle , 100 percent efficient .
I have been corresponding via email with Paul McJones who is a volunteer from the " Software Preservation Group " of the " Computer History Museum " .
Paul is building
http://www.softwarepreservation.org/projects/ALGOL/ gathering together information about the Algol family of languages ( 58 , 60 , 68 , plus dialects ) :
http://www.softwarepreservation.org/projects/ALGOL/algol58impl
http://www.softwarepreservation.org/projects/ALGOL/algol60impl
http://www.softwarepreservation.org/projects/ALGOL/algol68impl
*
If any of this mailing list 's readers have any " Dusty Decks " of Algol 68 memorabilia and relics , then please let Paul or I know about them : * Neville Dempsey - NevilleD.Algol68 @... * Paul McJones - paul@ ...
Take a look around http://www.softwarepreservation.org/projects/ALGOL/
you will be surprised .
Paul has uncovered and consolidated information about innumerable Algol implementations .
Obviously the more immediate material to preserve would be the Source , Binaries & Documentation of compilers , interpreters & translators .
( But details about historic Algol programs and projects are also important , see below ( FYI ) for details ) So ... if you have worked with Algol 58/60/68 on any projects , and / or know of someone else - Parent or Colleague - that has material the please contact them , forward this email , and CC us copy of the email so that we can follow up .
* Paul McJones < paul@ ...> , Neville Dempsey < NevilleD.Algol68@ ...>
Be sure to include some details about the nature of the work and any contributors names / emails .
Many ThanX NevilleDNZ === FYI follows ===
We are lucky to have the Algol Bulletin which has a mountain of information faithfully recorded by it's editors and many contributors .
ALGOL Bulletin issues ( A total of 52 issues spanning a 30 year period from 1959 to 1988 ) http://portal.acm.org/toc.cfm?id=J33
[ Note : free web account required for access ]
Various PDF 's scanned by Algol68 contributors also exist on their own personal home pages AND Other sources are the various industry and academic journals of the 70's and 80's .
For example the source code to the earliest Algol60 and Algol68 implementations are preserved in print in such journals : * First ALGOL 60 compiler source code - Full assembly text ( ~80 pages by Dijkstra - Zonneveld for 1960 Electrologica X1 computer ) together with comments and equivalent Pascal version ( 1992 lines by F.E.J. Kruseman Aretz ) - contained in PDF * " An interpreter for simple Algol 68 Programs " ( PDF ) - L. Ammerall
These are truly historic documents , and - collaterally - historic programs .
Other material that are a priority to preserve & recover include would be any Applications , Libraries , Projects , Operating Systems that used Algol68 .
But any material is worth considering , especially in this day and get of terabyte storage the entire planet 's 1980 computer media would probably fit onto a single Blu-ray_Disc , so it is worth gathering what ever still remains , and cataloging the material in a useful manner .
Examples : Operating Systems written in ALGOL 68 * Cambridge CAP computer -
All procedures constituting the operating system were written in ALGOL 68C , although a number of other closely associated protected procedures - such as a paginator - are written in BCPL . [ 2 ]
*
Flex machine -
The hardware was custom and microprogrammable , with an operating system , ( modular ) compiler , editor , garbage collector and filing system all written in Algol - 68 .
* VME - S3 was the implementation language of the operating system VME .
S3 was based on ALGOL 68 but with data types and operators aligned to those offered by the ICL 2900 Series .
* The Soviet Era computers Эльбрус - 1 ( Elbrus - 1 ) and Эльбрус - 2 were created using high - level language uЭль - 76 ( AL - 76 ) , rather than the traditional assembly .
uЭль -76 resembles Algol - 68 ,
The main difference is the dynamic binding types in uЭль - 76 supported at the hardware level .
uЭль -76 is used for application , job control , system programming [ 3 ] .
ALSO : lets not forget copyrights .
Many of the works are not in the Public Domain or Creative Commons and effectively enter a copyright " limbo " that prevents any kind " Software Recycling " until many years after the death of the author .
By which time the media has long since under gone " Bit rot " ( Or simply has been discarded ) .
An example of candidates projects would be the several space vehicles used Algol - such as the Buran Soviet space shuttle landing system - it would be great to have details of these projects and source code available .
Hopefully these authors will become known , and the material surface .
I am sure there are dozens of other such projects - large and small - that existed in the 1970s and 1980s , but details are destined to be lost without your help : ThanX Again NevilleDNZ --
For Algol68 - user mailinglist with archives & subscription : * https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/algol68-user
To download Linux's Algol68 Compiler , Interpreter & Runtime : * http://sourceforge.net/projects/algol68
Join the linkedin.com 's Algol68 group , follow : * http://www.linkedin.com/groups?gid=2333923
Being able to quickly hear , sing , and accurately identify intervals is essential to developing your improvisational ear .
In this article , we ’ve put together a plan for you to master your intervals in 28 days …
For beginners , this will give you a much needed foundation .
And for more advanced players , it will give you a chance to brush up on your intervals and fill in any gaps that might be there .
The goal is to be so familiar with these sounds , that it requires very little effort to process them .
You can never know this stuff too well !
Getting acquainted with the intervals
One of the best ways to get familiar with all of the intervals is to find a tune you already know that makes use of each one .
There are 12 intervals total and you ’ll need to practice them both ascending and descending , making for 24 total .
You can find your own tunes that make use of each interval in both directions if you like , or you can download this handy little interval chart for free from Jamey Aebersold .
He lists a variety of standards where the first two notes of the melody are the denoted interval .
And for your convenience , here are some clips for all 12 intervals in both directions .
In general , the denoted interval is the first two notes of the melody and the clip , but occasionally it will occur after a short intro .
I tried to select clips that play the interval loud and clear , so you should n’t have to work to find any of them .
( You can skip over the clips for now and revisit them once you read the 28 day plan below )
Minor Second Ascending
Gene Ammons on I remember You , Miles on Bye Bye Blackbird , & Sinatra on Nice Work If You Can Get It
Minor Second Descending
Miles plays Stella By Starlight , Sinatra sings
The Lady Is a Tramp , and especially for Patrick Bateman we have Whitney Houston singing Joy to the World ( sorry I just could n’t help myself )
Major Second Ascending
I ’m assuming you know Happy Birthday .
And this clip is Benny Goodman on Body And Soul
Major Second Descending
Miles on Freddie Freeloader
Minor Third Ascending
Parker on Confirmation
Minor Third Descending
Sinatra sings What Is This Thing Called Love ?
And another you already know is Frosty The Snowman
Major Third Ascending
Louis on Oh When the Saints , Dizzy & Bird on I Ca n’t Get Started
Major Third Descending
Miles on I Summertime , Trane on Bessie ’s Blues , & Trane on Giant Steps
Perfect Fourth Ascending
Here Comes The Bride , Desmond & Mulligan on All The Things You Are
Perfect Fourth Descending
Parker on I Yardbird Suite
Augmented Fourth ( or Diminished Fifth ) Ascending
The Simpsons Theme Song
Augmented Fourth ( or Diminished Fifth ) Descending
Sonny Rollins playing Blue Seven
Perfect Fifth Ascending
Milt Jackson on Bags Groove
Perfect Fifth Descending
Scott Hamilton on Have You Met Miss Jones ? , Getz on Seven Steps To Heaven
Augmented Fifth ( or Diminished Sixth ) Ascending
Paul Desmond playing Morning of the Carnival ( From Black Orpheus )
Augmented Fifth ( or Diminished Sixth ) Descending
Benny Goodman on Please Don’t Talk About Me When I ’m Gone
Major Sixth Ascending
Tony Bennett and Bill Evans play Days of Wine And Roses , Joe Henderson on Take The A Train
Major Sixth Descending
Johnny Mathis sings
You ’re A Weaver of Dreams
Minor Seventh Ascending
Reri Grist sings Somewhere ( from West Side Story )
Minor Seventh Descending
Herbie plays Watermelon Man .
Not the best example of a minor seventh , but you can hear it in the first big descending leap of the melody .
Major Seventh Ascending
Lee Morgan on Ceora
Major Seventh Descending
Keely Smith sings I love You
Octave Ascending
Keith Jarrett playing Somewhere Over The Rainbow
Octave Descending
Sarah Vaughn sings Willow Weep For Me
Interval Ear Training Exercise
Points to remember :
Make sure you hear the interval in your head before AND while you sing it .
Sometimes , I ’ll hear it in my head a few times and then begin to sing the interval softly while I continue to hear the interval in my head as loud as I possibly can .
Gradually , I ’ll begin to raise the volume of my voice , making sure to keep focus on the sound in my head .
Sing with accurate pitch
Stick to the plan
Interval Exercise :
Play the first note of the interval on the piano ( or a chromatic pitch pipe ) .
Stop playing the first note and sing the second note .
Check your pitch for accuracy .
Now , assign the first note you play on the piano to ‘ 1 ’ of a major key .
Sing ‘ 1 ’ while you play that note on the piano .
Stop playing the first note and sing the second number corresponding to the note in the given interval , for example for a major second you would sing ‘ 2 ’ .
( Now this does n’t work for all intervals such as a minor second )
You can also identify all the occurrences of an interval in a scale and sing those numbers instead .
For instance , for ascending minor seconds , you could sing : ‘ 3 to 4 ’ , or ‘ 7 to 1 ’
The goal of this exercise :
Be able to hear the interval in your head before you sing it .
Understand where these intervals occur in a major scale ( you can move to other scales later ) .
Be able to sing the numbers in the scale of each interval , while you continue to hear the intervals in your head .
The plan
This plan is structured in such a way that you ’ll only spend 15 minutes a day actively working on your intervals .
Anyone can find 15 minutes a day and the rewards are huge .
The plan utilizes a concept called spaced learning .
The idea behind spaced learning is that you want to turn short term memory into long term memory .
To do this , spaced learning prescribes three active periods of learning , separated by two 10 minute breaks .
During these breaks , it is important NOT to think about what you were working on .
Go cook something , do some push ups , go read a book .
Anything not to think about what you were working on .
Ok , here ’s the plan :
Each day you ’ll work on one interval in one direction .
Get acquainted with the interval of the day from the clips in the first section for a few minutes .
Then , you ’ll use spaced learning while doing the interval ear training exercise describe previously : 5 minutes of interval practice , 10 min. break , 5 min. on , 10 min. break , 5 min. on .
Got it ?
So if the interval of the day is a major second , I ’ll watch the clips for a few minutes , then I ’ll play a note on the piano , match the pitch and sing ‘ 1 ’ , stop playing piano , and then hear & sing ‘ 2 ’ .
You could also choose to sing any of the other numbers in the scale which constitute an ascending major second interval .
For starters , just pick one and sing it for the full 5 minutes .
Then break 10 minutes .
Then do the same exercise and interval for 5 minutes .
Then break 10 minutes .
Then do one final 5 minute exercise session .
The plan is split up into 4 weeks .
On the seventh day of each week , you ’ll review the previous 3 intervals in both directions in the same spaced learning manner .
Just do the same exercise you ’ve been practicing , but alternate between the various intervals .
Use the following checklist to keep track of your progress .
Well there you have it .
Everything you need to master your intervals in 28 days !
Obama 's Signature Is An Ejaculating Penis
President Obama has been signing every document to come across his desk with a big ejaculating dick .
Goblin on Our Back : Norman Osborn ’s Path From Killer to Savior and Back Again
Kevin M. Brettauer
And In The Darkness Bind Them : Norman Osborn takes center stage in an organic outgrowth of Marvel 's recent history , and to great effect .
Badische Zeitung : eBook - Leser kulturlos
Digitale Bücher haben nicht nur Freunde ; die Liste der Argumente gegen eBooks ist ebenso lang wie die ihrer Verfechter .
Zumeist werden vor allem emotionale Vorbehalte ins Feld geführt : Bei elektronischen Büchern vermisse man den Duft des Papiers , das Rascheln der Buchseiten , das haptische Erlebnis , … ( blumige Attribute bitte ergänzen ) .
In der Regel wird in Plädoyers fürs gedruckte Buch trotzdem auch der ' Gegenseite ' Verständnis entgegen gebracht .
Bettina Schulte von der Badischen Zeitung versteht sich allerdings eher aufs Beleidigen : Wer " mit einem so kalten glatten Ding [ =eBook Reader ] statt einem gemütlichen Schmöker " liest , scheint in ihren Augen des Literaturgenusses überhaupt nicht würdig zu sein .
Ihr gestern publizierter Kommentar zur Mitteilung Amazons , der Buchhändler verkaufe inzwischen mehr eBooks als gebundene Bücher , strotzt nur so vor subtilen wie direkten Anfeindungen – gewürzt mit einer ordentlichen Prise Antiamerikanismus .
So wirft die BZ - Redakteurin die infolge der Wortwahl höchst rhetorische Frage auf , ob " die Leute ( … ) das raschelnde fiebrige neugierige Blättern in eleganten Taschenformaten oder briketthaften Wälzern durch einen dummen Tasten - oder Knopfdruck ersetzen " wollen würden .
Wer schon digital liest ( und also mit dummen Tastendrücken blättert ) , wird verbal zum Leser zweiter Klasse gemacht ; als " wahrer Lesefreund " bestellt man " sich sein kostbares Gut " nämlich natürlich nicht " seelenlos bei Amazon " , sondern shoppt physisch beim " Lieblingsbuchhändler um die Ecke " .
Aber immerhin : " Es gibt noch Hoffnung " – für das christliche Abendland zumindest .
Denn für den " Siegeszug des charakter - und formlosen E - Books " in den USA liefert Schulte eine denkbar absurde Begründung : Nicht etwa die dortige Struktur vom stationären Buchhandel , die niedrigen Preise von eBooks oder das breite digitale Sortiment seien verantwortlich für die im Vergleich zu Deutschland überragenden Verkaufszahlen , sondern kultuerelle Differenzen .
Auf der einen Seite ein " Kontinent der unbeschwerten Mobilität und des bodenständigen Pragmatismus " , wo eBooks nicht zuletzt wegen ihrer Suchfunktion zur direkten Navigation zu den Höhepunkten genutzt würden ; auf der anderen Siete die " Gutenberggalaxis mit ihrer unverdrossen blühenden Verlagslandschaft und dem Lieblingsbuchhändler um die Ecke " – Fastfood - Gesellschaft versus Hochkultur also .
Abgesehen von der fast schon lächerlichen Weltfremdheit im Bezug auf die hiesige Buchindustrie – Schulte zog ihre romantischen Vorstellungen wohl der Recherche schnöder Branchenzahlen vor – sind nationale Stereotype und Abwertungen auch in einem Kommentar völlig fehl am Platz .
Wie man sich dem Thema auch ( und gerade ) ohne Schaum vorm Mund nähren kann , illustriert dagegen heute die Zeit .
Abseits der Grabenkämpfe ums Trägermedium wird unter der Überschrift " Hurra , wir lesen noch ! " das Wesentliche in den Fokus genommen : Gelesen wird heute und künftig vielleicht auf anderem Weg , aber unter dem Strich mehr als jemals zuvor .
Natürlich kann man einen Untergang der Bücher , Zeitungen , Zeitschriften beklagen – aber mit gutem Grund nur , wenn man von einem Umzug aller Publikationsmedien ins Netz einen dramatischen Qualitätsverlust erwartet .
Für die reine Lesekompetenz ist es unerheblich , ob ein Roman als E - Book oder ein Leitartikel online rezipiert wird .
Und auch wenn es im lesenswerten Essay mehr um Inhalte als um Formen geht , gibt Autor Jens Jessen Agitatoren wie Bettina Schulte noch einen schönen Hinweis mit auf den Weg
Die gedruckte Form veredelt nicht den Inhalt .
Schmutz und Schund sind , medizinisch gesprochen , in jeder Darreichungsform möglich .
Alle Klagen , die sich heute an Computerspiele und Internetpornografie knüpfen , sind schon im 18 .
Jahrhundert ( und das ganze 19 . hindurch ) über Bücher geäußert worden .
Dass gegenwärtig nicht alle Lesefreunde glücklich über die sich immer mehr abzeichnende digitale Revolution in der Buchbranche sind ist nachvollziehbar , obgleich die Sorge um ein komplettes Verschwinden des gedruckten Buchs unbegründet ist ; auf absehbare Zeit werden gedrucktes und digitales Buch eine friedliche Koexistenz pflegen , je nach Anwendungsbereich wird in den verschiedenen Textgattungen mal das eine , mal das andere Trägermedium die Nase vorn haben .
Auch vor diesem Hintergrund sind aufwiegelnde " Diskussionsbeiträge " wie von Frau Schulte wenig hilfreich ; weder sie noch die Badische Zeitung ( deren Texte via E - Paper übrigens auch ganz vulgär auf dem iPad anstatt kultiviert auf wohlduftenden sich im Winde sanft schmiegenden Zeitungseiten gelesen werden können ) tun sich damit einen Gefallen .
US customers of game maker Blizzard are up in arms tonight as news of a new policy is set to require all posts on the Blizzard forum to use their Real ID system .
That means that every post is accompanied by the real first and last name of the user .
People are unsure what to make of this and I have n’t seen any communication from Blizzard stating why they are making this change .
I ’m going to make the suggestion that South Korea ’s Real Name System [ is a driving force behind this decision ] *.
In 2009 South Korea ’s government created a law that was meant to curb online defamation by insisting that all users who comment on sites with greater than 100,000 users per day must use their real name .
The first US company to feel the effects of this law was Google .
South Korea insisted the Youtube comments require all users to post with their real first and last name .
Google got around this law by forbidding anyone with a South Korean IP address from posting to Youtube .
Recently South Korea backed down and exempted Youtube from the Real Name system .
Given these facts it might not make sense why South Korea might enforce the Real Name system on Blizzard .
My guess would be that the government is very aware of the immense popularity of Starcraft in South Korea .
Some have joked it is their national sport .
South Korea even has professional SC leagues with sponsors and packed arenas .
I do n’t think Blizzard can take the Google approach here and just ban South Korean users from posting to their forums .
The South Korean market must make a ton of profits for Blizzard and unlike Google they do n’t have revenue coming in from other sources .
* edit : fixed that sentence
Here 's that Blue Beetle footage that Geoff Johns said would debut at Comic - Con. Witness Jaime Reyes transform into the hero , jet through the air , and whiz back home .
Alex Winter , a.k.a.
Bill of Bill &
Ted fame , created this short .
Advertisement
Winter made this film through his own Trouper Productions .
He has some experience with insectoid sapiens , as he wrote and directed the live - action Ben 10 films Ben 10 : Race Against Time and Ben 10 : Alien Swarm .
[ Alex Winter via Bleeding Cool ]
Johannesburg , South Africa ( CNN ) -- South Africa is recalling its ambassador to Israel because of the deadly Monday raid on the Gaza - bound aid flotilla , a South African foreign affairs official said Thursday .
" In view of the recent attack on the flotilla ship carrying relief aid to Gaza , South Africa 's Ministry of International Relations and Cooperation in consultation with the presidency has decided to recall its ambassador to Israel , Mr. Ismael Coovadia , " said ministry official Malusi Mogale .
" We condemn this attack in the strongest terms .
In our view , this derails the peace process in the region and by withdrawing our ambassador we would like to send a strong message of condemnation to the government of Israel , " said Mogale , who added that Maite Nkoana - Mashabane , minister of international relations and cooperation , will determine how long the protest will be .
Nkoana - Mashabane is currently on an official visit to France , according to the ministry 's website .
On Wednesday , the government summoned the Israeli ambassador in South Africa " to demonstrate how serious we view this issue , " Mogale said .
Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said Israel regrets the announcement .
" Those who criticize Israel would be better advised to turn their criticism against the terror - supporting rioters from the flotilla , who have nothing to do with humaneness , " he said .
Has anyone heard of the antikythera mechanism ?
It is an ancient computer , thought to have been built between 150 - 100 BC .
It was found in the early 1900s and is extremely complex and advanced , especially for its time .
Research is still being done on the piece , but it seems to be for calculating certain astronomical figures .
I recently ran across something that mentioned it and thought I would look it up .
It really is an intriguing device due to its complexity and function - it actually uses technology that is comparable to that developed during the 14th century .
some more info : http://www.math.sunysb.edu/~tony/whatsnew/column/antikytheraI-0400/kyth1.html
Any theories on it ?
The call comes through .
Of all the dicks ; you get the call , sitting in the front seat of your car , hands shaking on the steering wheel .
An urgent call ; but all you were thinking of was the bottle in the liquor store and so that ’s where you went first .
Now you ’re pulled up outside the house .
The rear mirror ’s showing two steely eyes .
You adjust your hat , stiffen up your collar and grab your badge off the dash .
Here goes .
You ’ve one last chance to …
* * * * *
5 Word Synopsis :
Noire Murder Mystery Interactive - Fiction
What it is :
A quick start for those unfamiliar with the genre of Interactive - Fiction ( IF ) .
It ’s those text based games .
Yes , those .
The ones that invariably make you tear you teeth out from frustration and lack of pretty pictures .
For those who are n’t willing to deal without such luxuries ( which is perfectly reasonable , believe me ) there are only a few IF games that you should play .
The interface of most IF games require text prompts to advance the plot , identifying commands through a text parser .
The fiddly - bit is that unless appropriate events are programmed for a command , nothing will happen .
This results in a situation similar to brute force hacking , you know what you want to do but the game .
Wo n’t .
Listen .
And .
You .
Have .
To. Try. Every .
Synonym .
Of . The .
Word .
You .
Want .
Add to this the fact that most IF games have only one way of winning , and you get a very confusing mess , with some notable exceptions .
So :
You ’re a screw - up .
An alcoholic .
It ’s been forever since you ’ve actually solved a case , and this time your badge is on the line .
You have until the end of the day to solve the murder , or you ’re out on your ass .
This is a very difficult game .
( For the sake of transparency , I have n’t beat this game .
It ’s way to hard for me . )
If you want to play the game it can be found at : http://parchment.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/parchment.html?story=http://www.archimedes.plus.com/makegood.z8
Warning :
The next bit contains spoilers ( of a sort ) .
Why it ’s Fantastic :
The first time I played “ Make It Good ” I lost within 30 seconds .
I adhered to the IF rule of “ pick up everything you can , because that random scenery item is the only way to open the door with the random scenery item - shaped lock . ”
So I picked up the whisky and knocked on the front door of Number 15 , Broken Top Boulevard .
A dashing lady named Angela opened the door , saw that I was hung over , and holding a whiskey bottle .
She did n’t even give me the chance to show my badge , and it was over .
Of course .
No one wants a raging drunk all up in their crime scene .
It makes sense .
“ Make It Good ” has an in - game logic that actually makes sense .
There is no rocket - jumping or “ Fetch X things by killing Y thingies ” .
The investigation starts like any other .
Taking my time , trudging through the house , giving cursory looks into everyones ’ underthings , interrogating witnesses about their favorite color , typical detective stuff .
In most games that would be enough to uncover a vast conspiracy that points its bloody finger at the victim .
Instead , my alcohol addled brain comes up with only threads suggesting something bigger .
I know that the maid ’s boyfriend supposedly suffered a sprain , but the medicine he ’s been taking is fake .
The windows that lead to the murder scene only opens from the inside , and they were apparently open at the time of the murder .
The widow who found the body closed the windows , mussing up any potential for fingerprints .
It ’s possible to scale a trellis of roses to reach the crime scene through the window .
There ’s mud at the bottom , but no footprints .
The victim was killed by a knife , but the only knife in the house has no blood or fingerprints on it .
Ultimately , all of this leads nowhere .
There ’s no motive , no weapon , no eye - witnesses , nothing .
So what to do ?
I needed to find the murderer .
If I can just solve this case …
But there ’s not enough evidence .
Pieces are missing .
There * should * be blood here , fingerprints there .
If only –
Clunk .
I just need to pin this on someone .
Someone ’s fingerprints on the knife , incriminating footprints , the works .
I sit down in the kitchen and begin untying my shoes .
I take them of and drop them with an audible thunk .
I gaze at the frilly shoes that sit on the bed .
* Sigh * I can do it .
I can make it good .
–
It is that moment that makes this game wonderful .
In most other games , there would be some incriminating evidence here and there , left out for someone to come snooping .
That does n’t work here .
In other games , it would n’t even cross your mind that , as a police detective , you can mess it all up .
You can botch the fingerprints , and swap murder weapons .
Make
It Good gives you the opportunity to experience freedom .
Hell , if you want you can simply go crazy and try to escape .
You can drink yourself into losing the case .
Whatever you want .
It certainly gets too complicated to solve the case within the allotted time , but that initial moment , when you realize that you can change everything , is solid gold .
Yes , I did just use screenshots for a text - based game .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Interactive Fiction , Review , Video Games
( CNN ) -- Amid heightened tensions with North Korea , the United States and South Korea on Sunday began joint military exercises .
The military exercises , dubbed Invincible Spirit , are scheduled to run through Wednesday in waters off South Korea to demonstrate the alliance 's resolve .
In addition to the 8,000 personnel involved , military officials say , the exercises will include 20 ships and submarines and about 200 aircraft .
The U.S. Defense Department said the drills are in response to the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan and are intended to send a strong message to Pyongyang to stop " provocative and warlike acts . "
The drills will include anti-sub infiltration exercises , said Cmdr. Jeff Davis of the U.S. 7th Fleet .
" The anti-sub - infiltration exercise works like this : if a sub is coming in to attack a ship , the military finds it and prosecutes it , " he said .
Davis said there was a " renewed desire " and urgency to focus on the exercise after the Cheonan sinking .
North Korea criticized the exercises , which began at 6:30 a.m. ( 5:30 p.m. ET ) .
" The U.S. provocations amount to trespassing on the off - limits fixed by the DPRK and it , therefore , feels no need to remain bounded to the off - limits drawn by the U.S. , " the state - run Korean Central News Agency quoted a North Korean foreign ministry spokesman as saying .
It continued , " It is the mode of the DPRK 's counteraction to react to sword brandishing in kind .
The DPRK is prepared for both dialogue and war .
It will remain unfazed by military threat and sanctions . "
North Korea on Saturday heightened its threats against the military exercises after talks over the sinking of the Cheonan .
North Korea " will legitimately counter with [ its ] powerful nuclear deterrence the largest - ever nuclear war exercises to be staged by the U.S. and the South Korean puppet forces , " KCNA reported .
Two U.S. military officials told CNN there was no sign of significant troop movement in North Korea .
Democratic Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan , the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , answered " no " when asked if there was a real threat of a North Korean military attack over the U.S. - South Korean exercises .
" I think North Korea is just too interested in their own survival to do anything that could end that regime , " Levin said in an interview broadcast Sunday on C - SPAN's " Newsmakers " program .
Meanwhile , Friday , in the demilitarized zone between the two Koreas , officers from the North sat down for talks about the Cheonan incident with their counterparts in the U.S. - led United Nations Command .
During the almost two - hour meeting in the international truce town of Panmunjom , the U.N. Command reminded the North Koreans of the Security Council 's condemnation this month of the Cheonan attack .
The Security Council did not mention North Korea by name but condemned the attack strongly , called for " full adherence " to the armistice agreement that halted fighting in the Korean War in 1953 and encouraged " the settlement of outstanding issues on the Korean peninsula by peaceful means . "
An international inquiry found North Korea culpable for the March attack that killed 46 South Korean sailors .
But North Korea denies a role in the incident , which elevated tension between the two enemies .
North Korea demanded again Friday that it be allowed to conduct its own investigation of the Cheonan 's sinking and said the upcoming war games are being conducted under false pretext .
" The U.S. forces side would be seriously mistaken if it calculates it can browbeat [ North Korea ] through large - scale war exercises , " KCNA said .
" It should immediately stop the [ anti- North Korean ] nuclear war racket . "
At an Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) meeting last week , nation after nation expressed deep regrets and offered condolences to the South Koreans .
The United States has accused North Korea of aggressive behavior and imposed new sanctions Wednesday .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reiterated U.S. support for South Korea on Friday .
" Here in Asia , an isolated and belligerent North Korea has embarked on a campaign of provocative , dangerous behavior , " she said in Hanoi , Vietnam .
Later , after a repatriation ceremony for the remains of three soldiers who died in the Vietnam War , Clinton said the door remains open for dialogue if North Korea commits to abandoning its nuclear weapons program .
" We would love for them to have the same opportunities that the people of South Korea have been able to enjoy for the last 60 years , " Clinton said .
" So , it is distressing when North Korea continues its threats and causes so much anxiety among its neighbors and the larger region . "
CNN 's Barbara Starr , Kyung Lah and Eve Bower contributed to this report .
' That was n't a stage move or clumsiness — that was me blacking out , ' Corgan tweeted after Tampa , Florida , show .
If Billy Corgan falls on a stage in South Florida , and no one notices , does he make a sound ?
It 's an existential question , to be sure , but a valid one .
Especially after what took place during a Smashing Pumpkins ' concert on Wednesday ( July 21 ) night in Tampa , Florida , when Corgan collapsed on stage while performing " Bullet With Butterfly Wings " and seemingly no one — at least not anyone reviewing the show — seemed to notice .
In fact , it was n't until the following morning , when Corgan took to his Twitter account to address the incident , that anyone began reporting on his spill , which he attributed to " blacking out . "
" Thanks a million to the fans in Tampa last night for a tremendous show !
We can't tell you how much we appreciate you today , " he wrote .
" And for those that saw me fall last night during ' Bullet , ' that was n't a stage move or clumsiness — that was me blacking out and wiping out .
" I have no memory of falling against the drum riser and my guitar cabinet , " Corgan continued .
" But I can tell you I 've got quite a good bruise and am moving slow . "
In YouTube footage posted after the show , Corgan can be seen leading the sold - out crowd in a sing - along of the iconic " Bullet " chorus .
Then , after taking a step back from his mic stand , the SP frontman collapses on the floor .
Most in the audience did n't notice the spill , and he was back on his feet within seconds .
Aside from some bruising , Corgan appeared to have suffered no other injuries after the collapse , as he spent the rest of Thursday taking meetings with folks at TNA Wrestling in Nashville .
Overview ( 3 )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
Noah Hathaway was born on November 13 , 1971 in Los Angeles , to Judy and Robert Hathaway .
Noah started his way to stardom in commercials ( in which he began to appear at age three ) .
In 1978 , he landed the role of Boxey on the cult Sci -Fi show , Kampfstern Galactica ( 1978 ) .
Later that year , he played the role of Atreyu in Die unendliche Geschichte ( 1984 ) and the lead as Harry Potter Jr. in Troll ( 1986 ) .
He taught advanced jazz and street dance in his late teens until an injury forced him to quit at 18 .
Afterwards , he studied Muay Thai boxing and then fought as an amateur .
Noah then stayed out of the limelight until 1992 for the drama Straße zur Freiheit ( 1994 ) .
Prior to moving back to LA in 1998 , he lived in New York for two and a half years .
In his spare time , he tries to get out to the track at Willow Springs , California , to race in Super Sport motorcycle racing .
He has tended bar at several LA clubs and has several tattoos .
He holds black belts in Tang Soo Do and Shotokan , and is learning American Kenpo from Dr Jerry Erickson , and he also helps him teach " a close - quarter combat - training course for flight attendants and pilots for the airlines . "
- IMDb Mini Biography By : Sara Lubin < dlubin@worldnet.att.net >
Spouse ( 1 )
Sameerah Hoddison (? - present ) ( filed for divorce ) ( 2 children )
Trivia ( 11 )
Was a Junior Lifeguard as a teenager .
Has a tattooed wedding ring and his wife has one , too .
He stated that he would never do it again if he had known what pain it caused .
Worked as a bartender in several Los Angeles clubs .
The band Atreyu named itself after his character in Die unendliche Geschichte ( 1984 ) .
As of September 2003 was working on opening his own motorcycle shop , " 5150 Choppers " , in Miami , FL .
As of July 2009 owned and works at Wild Child Tattoo with his wife .
Was considered for the role of " David McCall " in the movie Fear - Wenn Liebe Angst macht ( 1996 ) .
Speaks French fluently .
His maternal grandfather , Leon Ringler , was a Jewish emigrant from Przemysl , now in Poland .
Noah 's maternal grandmother , Lily Ganca , was born in Uruguay , also to a Jewish family originally from Eastern Europe .
Is a black belt in 3 martial arts : American Kenpo , Shotokan Karate , and Tang Soo Do .
Personal Quotes ( 7 )
After we had this showing of Kampfstern Galactica ( 1978 ) in L.A. , I walked out the door and there were 50 people .
I wrote a ton of autographs .
Other actors walked away without signing .
These are the fans .
I guess it depends on who you are .
With Harley , you build it , then you 've got to take it apart .
The bummer about television is that it ties you down to itself .
Ever try to do a film and a TV series at the same time ?
That 's why I prefer movies , because you get to do a lot of different roles -- instead of being stuck in just one , week after week .
[ on autograph parties ]
It 's rather weird exchanging pictures for money .
I 've never quite gotten used to that .
I 'm not a huge drama person .
I liked those more when I was younger .
These days , I 'm into action and comedy . . . especially anything with martial arts , since I 'm a real - life black belt .
I just do n't get what it is about sitting there crying for 90 minutes ; that 's not why I go to the movies .
I really enjoyed making The Neverending Story ( 1984 ) .
That whole experience was incredible .
The best character types are the ones you can be creative with and totally delve into , as an actor .
Wu -Tang Clan Wallpaper By Feenster64 Watch
100 Favourites 54 Comments 101K Views
* Edit 5/4/12 - Since people have been ripping this image for their own personal profit I am remaking it at a higher resolution and dpi and it will be available as a poster only .
I love that people like this and use it as a wallpaper but I 'm tired of people making money off my work .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1280x1024px 454.29 KB
Show More
Published : May 26 , 2008 | Mature
Comic - Con 2010 : The Big Bang Theory Interviews
This past week Skatter Tech dove right into the chaos that is Comic - Con , and this year ’s was by far the craziest yet .
The San Diego Convention Center was home to some of the biggest , brightest names in Hollywood , ranging from daytime cable to the silver screen .
It ’s been three years since one of my all time favorite TV shows , “ The Big Bang Theory , ” premiered on CBS .
The witty , geeky humor was created by the minds of Chuck Lorre ( creator of “ Two and a Half Men ” ) and Bill Prady , and continues on to its fourth season with the help of creative writers Steve Molaro and Lee Aronsohn .
Executive producers and writers were n’t the only ones at Comic - Con 2010 : the entire cast did as well .
Everyone from Jim Parsons to Kaley Cuoco showed up and had plenty to say about the show and their involvement .
Skatter
Tech was able to grab some exclusive interviews with The Big Bang Theory ’s producers , writers , and actors , and I would like to now present some photo galleries and video coverage of our time with the stars .
Just as a heads up to our readers , if the videos below begin with audio and a still image , just hang tight and our video coverage will continue in seconds .
As you will notice , some of our media coverage is still rough around the edges , we would love your feedback in order to help improve the experience as best we can !
Do n’t forget to stay tuned for the rest of our exclusive interviews with other networks and some great shows included in our preview .
Let ’s also not forget to thank Sahas Katta for the countless hours of video and audio editing !
Links : The Big Bang Theory ( CBS )
Related : Comic - Con 2010 Preview
EmeraldSparks Profile Blog Joined January 2008 United States 1379 Posts # 1
Nachtjäger , Suramar , 59 Night Elf Death Knight post 35821 in epic thread wrote
Got in touch with my ex-flatmate , whose sister works as a GM for Blizzard , to see what the internal buzz on this was .
Apparently , at the moment the employees are largely as pissed as the players , and she stated that despite attempts to keep it hushed , it has become known that the big creative players within Blizzard are pretty much as unhappy about this as we are .
Everybody has been told they are not free to comment on this situation outside of specially prepared statements .
It 's still going ahead , however ( and here 's where in - house rumours and hearsay really start coming into play ) : from what they 've picked up , the Blizzard leads have been told in no uncertain terms that the non-gameplay - related direction of the game is working to a different blueprint now .
GC and company are free to play with shiny new talent trees all they like , for example , but for the first time the decisions regarding Battle .
net implementation , Real ID , and plans for the general acquisition of new players for the business are no longer in Blizzard 's own hands , and that 's not going down too well .
Got in touch with my ex-flatmate , whose sister works as a GM for Blizzard , to see what the internal buzz on this was .
Apparently , at the moment the employees are largely as pissed as the players , and she stated that despite attempts to keep it hushed , it has become known that the big creative players within Blizzard are pretty much as unhappy about this as we are .
Everybody has been told they are not free to comment on this situation outside of specially prepared statements .
It 's still going ahead , however ( and here 's where in - house rumours and hearsay really start coming into play ) : from what they 've picked up , the Blizzard leads have been told in no uncertain terms that the non-gameplay - related direction of the game is working to a different blueprint now .
GC and company are free to play with shiny new talent trees all they like , for example , but for the first time the decisions regarding Battle .
net implementation , Real ID , and plans for the general acquisition of new players for the business are no longer in Blizzard 's own hands , and that 's not going down too well .
Honestly , everything from the Battle . net side of Starcraft II and Activision - Blizzard recently seems to be a huge tremendous fuck you to its player base as it reaches out for new markets to tap .
Do you really want chatrooms ?
I think Blizzard knows exactly what 's going on .
Nobody is actually saying things , but dozens of threads are being locked and hundreds of pages of posts have been deleted .
I do n't know whether it 's petition spam or copy pasted stuff Blizzard does n't want floating around , but obviously there are people hard at work watching the thread .
It 's also probably no accident that Blizzard dropped twin bombshell announcements the very day after the forum change was announced - bringing back the North America SC II Beta for the Starcraft fans and releasing a fresh wave of Cataclysm previews for the WoW players , the classic distraction strategy - break a controversial decision right before a major sporting event , hopefully it 'll get drowned out .
I do n't know if this is their attempt at drawing attention away from the issue , and who knows how well it works , but the issue has spilled far beyond forum doors - virtually every single community with an internet presence , from blizzard fansites like teamliquid to gaming information venues ( penny arcade , /v/ , kotaku , ) random venues ( for those of you know what it is even fandom_wank has gotten in to trash the decision ) and recently , hit the mainstream media websites - Wall Street Journal , British Broadcasting Corporation , Associated Press , National Broadcasting Corporation , you name it , it 's there .
More information in
It goes without saying their stated justification - " too many trolls " is 100 % , pure , unadulterated bullshit .
That is n't even worth debating .
So , why ?
( The " we just want to test out Facebook integration a bit , handle the server load " reason for killing Battle .
net friends is also suspect ; it 's far more likely they wanted to push thousands of beta testers to try it out in order to get anything done , to get people used to the idea of facebook and smashing together the anonymous and real worlds in a tremendous fusion of light , heat , and cash . )
It 's probably not a coincidence that it might just be related to facebook and the " monetization " of battle .
net ( you fucking think ? )
There 's a speculation that it might be related a Korean law that cracks down harshly on internet anonymity , but my guess is they looked at the number of Farmville players out there ( eighty fucking million ) and decided they were going to force Battle .
net 2.0 hell for leather into the world of social media .
There does n't even have to be an explicit campaign involved .
If it costs them a hundred thousand Starcraft II orders and cancelled WoW subscriptions , a half of a percent of Farmville users picking up WoW or Starcraft II would make up for that many times over .
This comparison is flawed , but roughly the numbers stand .
As Farmville teaches us , the power of facebook user advertising insane - Blizzard realizes that if notifications about lost cats and treasure chests can pull people into farmville by the millions , then notifications about hitting diamond rank one , slaying Baal on super duper ultra hardcore mode , or finishing some fiendishly difficult raid without a single resurrection , might do the same for Blizzard 's games .
This is an unbelievable shitload of money .
I mean , per say , this is n't bad , or evil , it 's just Blizzard wanting to use the power of social media to make hundreds of millions of dollars - every single corporation in the world wants to do this .
And if something as small as forum posting is n't invasive , why the rage over this small movement ?
People can just not use the forums - we have TL , after all .
This is worrying because it looks like Activision Blizzard has a general policy of slowly trying to get its foot into the door , bit by bit , getting people used to things here , lowering people 's expectations there , until they get where they want , community rage be damned .
Oh , sure , you 'll always have the ability to play Starcraft II in peace and quiet the same way you can have a facebook with everything turned off - most people just are n't going to fucking bother with the additional trouble .
Of course , maybe this is all trash , they could just be that ( do you really want chatrooms ) dumb about a " anti- troll and anti-flaming measure . "
Who fucking knows ?
I saw this post and thought the topic might merit its own thread .
Honestly , everything from the Battle . net side of Starcraft II and Activision - Blizzard recently seems to be a huge tremendousto its player base as it reaches out for new markets to tap .
Do you really want chatrooms ?
I think Blizzard knows exactly what 's going on .
Nobody is actually saying things , but dozens of threads are being locked andof pages of posts have been deleted .
I do n't know whether it 's petition spam or copy pasted stuff Blizzard does n't want floating around , but obviously there are people hard at work watching the thread .
It 's also probably no accident that Blizzard dropped twin bombshell announcements the very day after the forum change was announced - bringing back the North America SC II Beta for the Starcraft fans and releasing a fresh wave of Cataclysm previews for the WoW players , the classic distraction strategy - break a controversial decision right before a major sporting event , hopefully it 'll get drowned out .
I do n't know if this is their attempt at drawing attention away from the issue , and who knows how well it works , but the issue has spilled far beyond forum doors - virtually every single community with an internet presence , from blizzard fansites like teamliquid to gaming information venues ( penny arcade , /v/ , kotaku , ) random venues ( for those of you know what it is even fandom_wank has gotten in to trash the decision ) and recently , hit the mainstream media websites - Wall Street Journal , British Broadcasting Corporation , Associated Press , National Broadcasting Corporation , you name it , it 's there .
More information in other thread , of courseIt goes without saying their stated justification - " too many trolls " is .
That is n't even worth debating .
So , why ?
( The " we just want to test out Facebook integration a bit , handle the server load " reason for killing Battle .
net friends is also suspect ; it 's far more likely they wanted to push thousands of beta testers to try it out in order to get anything done , to get people used to the idea of facebook and smashing together the anonymous and real worlds in a tremendous fusion of light , heat , and cash . )
It 's probably not a coincidence that itjust be related to facebook and the " monetization " of battle .
net ( you fucking think ? )
There 's a speculation that it might be related a Korean law that cracks down harshly on internet anonymity , but my guess is they looked at the number of Farmville players out there ( eighty fucking million ) and decided they were going to force Battle .
net 2.0 hell for leather into the world of social media .
There does n't even have to be an explicit campaign involved .
If it costs them a hundred thousand Starcraft II orders and cancelled WoW subscriptions , a half of a percent of Farmville users picking up WoW or Starcraft II would make up for that many times over .
This comparison is flawed , but roughly the numbers stand .
As Farmville teaches us , the power of facebook user advertising insane - Blizzard realizes that if notifications about lost cats and treasure chests can pull people into farmville by the millions , then notifications about hitting diamond rank one , slaying Baal on super duper ultra hardcore mode , or finishing some fiendishly difficult raid without a single resurrection , might do the same for Blizzard 's games .
This is an .
I mean , per say , this is n't , it 's just Blizzard wanting to use the power of social media to make hundreds of millions of dollars - every single corporation in the world wants to do this .
And if something as small as forum posting is n't invasive , why the rage over this small movement ?
People can just not use the forums - we have TL , after all .
This is worrying because it looks like Activision Blizzard has a general policy of slowly trying to get its foot into the door , bit by bit , getting people used to things here , lowering people 's expectations there , until they get where they want , community rage be damned .
Oh , sure , you 'll always have the ability to play Starcraft II in peace and quiet the same way you can have a facebook with everything turned off - most people just are n't going to fucking bother with the additional trouble .
Of course , maybe this is all trash , they could just be that ( do you really want chatrooms ) dumb about a " anti- troll and anti-flaming measure . "
Who fucking knows ?
But why ?
Psychopomp Profile Joined April 2010 United States 236 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-08 09:37:49 #
2
I 'll probably catch some flak , but in that case I do n't fucking care .
Edit : Wait , so they wo n't interfere with Blizzard 's game design , just superfluous stuff outside of the game itself ?
I 'll probably catch some flak , but in that caseEdit :
Oh , sure , you 'll always have the ability to play Starcraft II in peace and quiet the same way you can have a facebook with everything turned off - most people just are n't going to fucking bother with the additional trouble .
I think you overestimate how much of the community as a whole actually cares about stuff like this .
The people who post on forums are a tiny minority , and the people who actually go through on the threats of quitting are even smaller .
People will put up with a tremendous amount of bullshit .
The sales and subs they 'll lose from any of this will be negligible , even disregarding sales they stand to gain .
I think you overestimate how much of the community as a whole actually cares about stuff like this .
The people who post on forums are a tiny minority , and the people who actually go through on the threats of quitting are even smaller .
People will put up with a tremendous amount of bullshit .
The sales and subs they 'll lose from any of this will be negligible , even disregarding sales they stand to gain .
EmeraldSparks Profile Blog Joined January 2008 United States 1379 Posts # 3
Okay , here 's things that you might care about :
They 're want to monetize Battle .
net with respect to Starcraft II ( custom maps , god knows what else . )
They show tremendous disregard for the wishes of the community , whether chat channels or this .
It sets precedent for more invasions of privacy ( would you like your real name as your BNet handle ? )
They seem to think that the consumers , as a general rule , are completely fucking retarded .
But why ?
FC. Strike Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 621 Posts # 4 On July 08 2010 18:31 Psychopomp wrote :
Wait , so they wo n't interfere with Blizzard 's game design , just superfluous stuff outside of the game itself ?
I 'll probably catch some flak , but in that case I do n't fucking care .
Edit : Show nested quote +
Oh , sure , you 'll always have the ability to play Starcraft II in peace and quiet the same way you can have a facebook with everything turned off - most people just are n't going to fucking bother with the additional trouble .
I think you overestimate how much of the community as a whole actually cares about stuff like this .
The people who post on forums are a tiny minority , and the people who actually go through on the threats of quitting are even smaller .
People will put up with a tremendous amount of bullshit .
The sales and subs they 'll lose from any of this will be negligible , even disregarding sales they stand to gain .
Wait , so they wo n't interfere with Blizzard 's game design , just superfluous stuff outside of the game itself ?
I 'll probably catch some flak , but in that case Edit : I think you overestimate how much of the community as a whole actually cares about stuff like this .
The people who post on forums are a tiny minority , and the people who actually go through on the threats of quitting are even smaller .
People will put up with a tremendous amount of bullshit .
The sales and subs they 'll lose from any of this will be negligible , even disregarding sales they stand to gain .
If we extract from that post the following :
I do n't fucking care .
And
I think you overestimate how much of the community as a whole actually cares about stuff like this .
You sum up my viewpoint concerning this matter entirely .
I truly and honestly think we live in a generation too quick to anger , point their fingers , and judge .
Just let the matters settle , take some deep breaths , and see what happens .
We were already promised chat channels in a patch or two - I for one think that 's huge considering it was only the vocal minority speaking out .
If we extract from that post the following : I do n't fucking care .
AndI think you overestimate how much of the community as a whole actually cares about stuff like this .
You sum up my viewpoint concerning this matter entirely .
I truly and honestly think we live in a generation too quick to anger , point their fingers , and judge .
Just let the matters settle , take some deep breaths , and see what happens .
We were already promised chat channels in a patch or two - I for one think that 's huge considering it was only the vocal minority speaking out .
-------------------------->
My Smiley Face Disagrees , Your Argument is Invalid -------------------------->
Psychopomp Profile Joined April 2010 United States 236 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-08 09:45:45 #5
On July 08 2010 18:37 EmeraldSparks wrote :
Okay , here 's things that you might care about :
They 're want to monetize Battle .
net with respect to Starcraft II ( custom maps , god knows what else . )
They show tremendous disregard for the wishes of the community , whether chat channels or this .
It sets precedent for more invasions of privacy ( would you like your real name as your BNet handle ? )
They seem to think that the consumers , as a general rule , are completely fucking retarded .
Free new maps are nice , not an entitlement .
As long as I 'm not forced to buy them to play ladder games , and it's not 15 $ for TWO NEW MAPS AND THREE OLD ONES , I honestly have no issue with paying for new maps .
I pay 15 $ for an album , and 10 $ for a movie ticket , I think I can scrounge up a buck or two for a good map .
I 'll never understand the love for public chatrooms .
Whoopee , I get to talk to a legion of retards .
The practical use for Starcraft 2 is almost non-existant , and by the time Diablo 3 rolls around we should have them .
While I myself and basically untrackable , and I think the threat of internet psychos is completely overblown , I concede the last point .
People , namely women and minorities , will be much easier to harass .
Edit( AGAIN ! ) :
For those okay with the whole real name thing , like I was , RPS raises some good points .
Free new maps are , not an .
As long as I 'm notto buy them to play ladder games , and it's not 15 $ for TWO NEW MAPS AND THREE OLD ONES , I honestly have no issue with paying for new maps .
I pay 15 $ for an album , and 10 $ for a movie ticket , I think I can scrounge up a buck or two for a good map .
I 'll never understand the love for public chatrooms .
Whoopee , I get to talk to a legion of retards .
The practical use for Starcraft 2 is almost non-existant , and by the time Diablo 3 rolls around we should have them .
While I myself and basically untrackable , and I think the threat of internet psychos is completely overblown , I concede the last point .
People , namely women and minorities , will be much easier to harass .
Edit( AGAIN ! ) :
For those okay with the whole real name thing , like I
DrakanSilva Profile Blog Joined March 2010 Chile 835 Posts # 6
All i want to see is their stocks go down to hell ... so sad that blizzard sold themselves to this fuckers .
In the beginning there was nothing ... and then exploded
Santriell Profile Joined June 2010 Belgium 151 Posts # 7 On July 08 2010 18:37 EmeraldSparks wrote :
They seem to think that the consumers , as a general rule , are completely fucking retarded .
Considering how much hacking they had to put with after all their stupid stunts and their speedial lawsuits / threats to people already developing an alternate Bnet2 , I 'd say they 're scared shitless of ' certain ' consumers and just want to address the masses .
Considering how much hacking they had to put with after all their stupid stunts and their speedial lawsuits / threats to people already developing an alternate Bnet2 , I 'd say they 're scared shitless of ' certain ' consumers and just want to address the masses .
By the clack smack cracking of my thumbs , something wicked this may comes .
Psychopomp Profile Joined April 2010 United States 236 Posts # 8
I feel as if I should point out that we have no clue if that posters is n't full of shit , by the way .
Megalisk Profile Blog Joined October 2008 United States 6095 Posts # 9 On July 08 2010 18:43 Psychopomp wrote :
Show nested quote +
On July 08 2010 18:37 EmeraldSparks wrote :
Okay , here 's things that you might care about :
They 're want to monetize Battle .
net with respect to Starcraft II ( custom maps , god knows what else . )
They show tremendous disregard for the wishes of the community , whether chat channels or this .
It sets precedent for more invasions of privacy ( would you like your real name as your BNet handle ? )
They seem to think that the consumers , as a general rule , are completely fucking retarded .
Free new maps are nice , not an entitlement .
As long as I 'm not forced to buy them to play ladder games , and it's not 15 $ for TWO NEW MAPS AND THREE OLD ONES , I honestly have no issue with paying for new maps .
I pay 15 $ for an album , and 10 $ for a movie ticket , I think I can scrounge up a buck or two for a good map .
I 'll never understand the love for public chatrooms .
Whoopee , I get to talk to a legion of retards .
The practical use for Starcraft 2 is almost non-existant , and by the time Diablo 3 rolls around we should have them .
While I myself and basically untrackable , and I think the threat of internet psychos is completely overblown , I concede the last point .
People , namely women and minorities , will be much easier to harass .
Edit( AGAIN ! ) :
For those okay with the whole real name thing , like I was , RPS raises some good points .
Free new maps are , not an .
As long as I 'm notto buy them to play ladder games , and it's not 15 $ for TWO NEW MAPS AND THREE OLD ONES , I honestly have no issue with paying for new maps .
I pay 15 $ for an album , and 10 $ for a movie ticket , I think I can scrounge up a buck or two for a good map .
I 'll never understand the love for public chatrooms .
Whoopee , I get to talk to a legion of retards .
The practical use for Starcraft 2 is almost non-existant , and by the time Diablo 3 rolls around we should have them .
While I myself and basically untrackable , and I think the threat of internet psychos is completely overblown , I concede the last point .
People , namely women and minorities , will be much easier to harass .
Edit( AGAIN ! ) :
For those okay with the whole real name thing , like I
Ever made a chatroom to talk with all of your friends in the same place ?
Its so clunky in bnet 0.2 .
Chat rooms make everything so much easier .
Ever made a chatroom to talk with all of your friends in the same place ?
Its so clunky in bnet 0.2 .
Chat rooms make everything so much easier .
Tear stained american saints and dirty guitar dreams across a universe of desert and blue sky , gas station coffee love letters and two dollar pistol kisses from thirty five dollar hotel room stationary .
NicolBolas Profile Blog Joined March 2009 United States 1387 Posts # 10
Got in touch with my ex-flatmate , whose sister works as a GM for Blizzard
I 'm sure this is a trustworthy , reliable source
Before people get too upset about this , please think about where it comes from .
Or does n't come from .
I 'm sure this is a trustworthy , reliable sourceBefore people get too upset about this , pleaseabout where it comes from .
Or does n't come from .
So you know , cats are interesting .
They are kind of like girls .
If they come up and talk to you , it 's great .
But if you try to talk to them , it does n't always go so well .
- Shigeru Miyamoto
HDstarcraft Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 577 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-08 09:56:35 # 11
Well put post there my friend .
I think while there is alot of rage going on regarding these highly heated subjects , people should realize that on the flip side - there is the possibility that StarCraft 2 will become the next farmville .
And you have to wonder - How incredible that would be ?
The question is :
Will this new direction for gaming towards social media flop or will it succeed ?
I think most people here can agree that most people who own blizzard games will continue to purchase and use blizzard products .
Regardless of lack of chat rooms , forced RealID , etc .
And with all this facebook / social media integration , there will be a new influx of the SUPER casual users , which would not have cared for these features or lack there - of in the first place .
I can see Activision - Blizzard 's grand vision at the end of this tunnel .
As a current consumer of Blizzard products I disagree with many of their recent decisions , but from a SuperCasual third person standpoint - say somebody who plays farmville on facebook - I might one day see an SC2 notification and end up buying the game .
YouTube.com/HDstarcraft
Psychopomp Profile Joined April 2010 United States 236 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-08 09:58:17 # 12 On July 08 2010 18:50 Megalisk wrote :
Show nested quote +
On July 08 2010 18:43 Psychopomp wrote :
On July 08 2010 18:37 EmeraldSparks wrote :
Okay , here 's things that you might care about :
They 're want to monetize Battle .
net with respect to Starcraft II ( custom maps , god knows what else . )
They show tremendous disregard for the wishes of the community , whether chat channels or this .
It sets precedent for more invasions of privacy ( would you like your real name as your BNet handle ? )
They seem to think that the consumers , as a general rule , are completely fucking retarded .
Free new maps are nice , not an entitlement .
As long as I 'm not forced to buy them to play ladder games , and it's not 15 $ for TWO NEW MAPS AND THREE OLD ONES , I honestly have no issue with paying for new maps .
I pay 15 $ for an album , and 10 $ for a movie ticket , I think I can scrounge up a buck or two for a good map .
I 'll never understand the love for public chatrooms .
Whoopee , I get to talk to a legion of retards .
The practical use for Starcraft 2 is almost non-existant , and by the time Diablo 3 rolls around we should have them .
While I myself and basically untrackable , and I think the threat of internet psychos is completely overblown , I concede the last point .
People , namely women and minorities , will be much easier to harass .
Edit( AGAIN ! ) :
For those okay with the whole real name thing , like I was , RPS raises some good points .
Free new maps are , not an .
As long as I 'm notto buy them to play ladder games , and it's not 15 $ for TWO NEW MAPS AND THREE OLD ONES , I honestly have no issue with paying for new maps .
I pay 15 $ for an album , and 10 $ for a movie ticket , I think I can scrounge up a buck or two for a good map .
I 'll never understand the love for public chatrooms .
Whoopee , I get to talk to a legion of retards .
The practical use for Starcraft 2 is almost non-existant , and by the time Diablo 3 rolls around we should have them .
While I myself and basically untrackable , and I think the threat of internet psychos is completely overblown , I concede the last point .
People , namely women and minorities , will be much easier to harass .
Edit( AGAIN ! ) :
For those okay with the whole real name thing , like I
Ever made a chatroom to talk with all of your friends in the same place ?
Its so clunky in bnet 0.2 .
Chat rooms make everything so much easier .
Ever made a chatroom to talk with all of your friends in the same place ?
Its so clunky in bnet 0.2 .
Chat rooms make everything so much easier .
Considering I just run the game through Steam , no I 've not .
I wo n't deny the current chat system is clunky , I just do n't get the appeal of public chat rooms ( At least until Diablo 3 comes out ) .
I hear people say things like " It makes it easier to find games , " but why not just use the matchmaking ?
I 'm normally opposed to matchmaking , but it 's seriously the best matchmaking in existence .
Can someone explain the appeal to me ?
Considering I just run the game through Steam , no I 've not .
I wo n't deny the current chat system is clunky , I just do n't get the appeal of public chat rooms ( At least until Diablo 3 comes out ) .
I hear people say things like " It makes it easier to find games , " but why not just use the matchmaking ?
I 'm normally opposed to matchmaking , but it 's seriously the best matchmaking in existence .
Can someone explain the appeal to me ?
DrakanSilva Profile Blog Joined March 2010 Chile 835 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-08 09:59:39 # 13
The thing is that in facebook only my friends know that I play farmville ... nobody else can see that .
But if ACTIVISION do this to battle .
net forums they are assuming that I 'm friend of every single user in the forum which is absolutely FALSE and beside that , anybody can get in the forums ... without ever having a blizzard game .
Kotick will go to hell with a looot of money on his pockets .
sorry for the lack of skills ... paint ftw .
awesome thread ... The thing is that in facebook only my friends know that I play farmville ... nobody else can see that .
But if ACTIVISION do this to battle .
net forums they are assuming that I 'm friend of every single user in the forum which is absolutely FALSE and beside that , anybody can get in the forums ... without ever having a blizzard game .
Kotick will go to hell with a looot of money on his pockets .
sorry for the lack of skills ... paint ftw .
In the beginning there was nothing ... and then exploded
Santriell Profile Joined June 2010 Belgium 151 Posts # 14 On July 08 2010 18:43 Psychopomp wrote :
While I myself and basically untrackable
I guess you 're not the same psychopomp posting on the judgehype forums and that the last IP you used on irc is a fake one ?
I 'd need a recent one to map your location tho , care to login again ?
And I do n't even know your name yet ...
I guess you 're not the same psychopomp posting on the judgehype forums and that the last IP you used on irc is a fake one ?
I 'd need a recent one to map your location tho , care to login again ?
And I do n't even know your name yet ...
By the clack smack cracking of my thumbs , something wicked this may comes .
WolfStar Profile Joined February 2008 United Kingdom 155 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-08 10:01:29 # 15 On July 08 2010 18:57 Psychopomp wrote :
Show nested quote +
On July 08 2010 18:50 Megalisk wrote :
On July 08 2010 18:43 Psychopomp wrote :
On July 08 2010 18:37 EmeraldSparks wrote :
Okay , here 's things that you might care about :
They 're want to monetize Battle .
net with respect to Starcraft II ( custom maps , god knows what else . )
They show tremendous disregard for the wishes of the community , whether chat channels or this .
It sets precedent for more invasions of privacy ( would you like your real name as your BNet handle ? )
They seem to think that the consumers , as a general rule , are completely fucking retarded .
Free new maps are nice , not an entitlement .
As long as I 'm not forced to buy them to play ladder games , and it's not 15 $ for TWO NEW MAPS AND THREE OLD ONES , I honestly have no issue with paying for new maps .
I pay 15 $ for an album , and 10 $ for a movie ticket , I think I can scrounge up a buck or two for a good map .
I 'll never understand the love for public chatrooms .
Whoopee , I get to talk to a legion of retards .
The practical use for Starcraft 2 is almost non-existant , and by the time Diablo 3 rolls around we should have them .
While I myself and basically untrackable , and I think the threat of internet psychos is completely overblown , I concede the last point .
People , namely women and minorities , will be much easier to harass .
Edit( AGAIN ! ) :
For those okay with the whole real name thing , like I was , RPS raises some good points .
Free new maps are , not an .
As long as I 'm notto buy them to play ladder games , and it's not 15 $ for TWO NEW MAPS AND THREE OLD ONES , I honestly have no issue with paying for new maps .
I pay 15 $ for an album , and 10 $ for a movie ticket , I think I can scrounge up a buck or two for a good map .
I 'll never understand the love for public chatrooms .
Whoopee , I get to talk to a legion of retards .
The practical use for Starcraft 2 is almost non-existant , and by the time Diablo 3 rolls around we should have them .
While I myself and basically untrackable , and I think the threat of internet psychos is completely overblown , I concede the last point .
People , namely women and minorities , will be much easier to harass .
Edit( AGAIN ! ) :
For those okay with the whole real name thing , like I
Ever made a chatroom to talk with all of your friends in the same place ?
Its so clunky in bnet 0.2 .
Chat rooms make everything so much easier .
Ever made a chatroom to talk with all of your friends in the same place ?
Its so clunky in bnet 0.2 .
Chat rooms make everything so much easier .
Considering I just run the game through Steam , no I 've not .
I wo n't deny the current chat system is clunky , I just do n't get the appeal of public chat rooms ( At least until Diablo 3 comes out ) .
I hear people say things like " It makes it easier to find games , " but why not just use the matchmaking ?
I 'm normally opposed to matchmaking , but it 's seriously the best matchmaking in existence .
Can someone explain the appeal to me ?
Considering I just run the game through Steam , no I 've not .
I wo n't deny the current chat system is clunky , I just do n't get the appeal of public chat rooms ( At least until Diablo 3 comes out ) .
I hear people say things like " It makes it easier to find games , " but why not just use the matchmaking ?
I 'm normally opposed to matchmaking , but it 's seriously the best matchmaking in existence .
Can someone explain the appeal to me ?
I think it was tasteless who made the point that trying to organise anything involving any number of people like ur esports .
Is a nightmare without just being able to make a channel set a password and tell people to be there at a certain time .
I think it was tasteless who made the point that trying to organise anything involving any number of people like ur esports .
Is a nightmare without just being able to make a channel set a password and tell people to be there at a certain time .
The early bird catches the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese .
Scorch Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Austria 3347 Posts # 16
There 's a huge discrepancy between the quality of Bnet2.0 and the game of SC2 itself .
This makes it quite plausible for me that Activision is behind the decisions regarding Battle.net , and Blizzard is free to design the core game .
The result is that the game is great and a worthy successor to Broodwar , and the Battle .
net environment that wraps around it is a huge slap in the face of every half - serious player .
Psychopomp Profile Joined April 2010 United States 236 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-08 10:04:23 # 17
On July 08 2010 18:59 Santriell wrote :
Show nested quote +
On July 08 2010 18:43 Psychopomp wrote :
While I myself and basically untrackable
I guess you 're not the same psychopomp posting on the judgehype forums and that the last IP you used on irc is a fake one ?
I 'd need a recent one to map your location tho , care to login again ?
And I do n't even know your name yet ...
I guess you 're not the same psychopomp posting on the judgehype forums and that the last IP you used on irc is a fake one ?
I 'd need a recent one to map your location tho , care to login again ?
And I do n't even know your name yet ...
I 've never even heard of that place .
Also
> Adopt name of Tea Party song as online handle
> No other Psychopomps on the internet
> 5 years later
> PSYCHOPOMPS EVERYWHERE
> My face I 've never even heard of that place .
Also > Adopt name of Tea Party song as online handle >
No other Psychopomps on the internet > 5 years later >
PSYCHOPOMPS EVERYWHERE >
My face http://myfacewhen.com/416/
Vinnesta Profile Blog Joined April 2010 Singapore 284 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-08 10:08:13 # 18
I do n't understand the big hoohah about this .
As a player of WoW , WC3 and SC1 and 2 , I have no qualms about telling the rest of the world that I game .
The " privacy " argument is really quite silly ; is gaming illegal or a sin ?
And so what if your real name is revealed to others ?
Unless you 're a celebrity , I do n't think its a major issue ( although discrimination might be a problem , Blizzard has shown itself to be quick to ban racist players ) .
As for Facebook integration , last I heard , it is n't compulsory .
So what 's the big deal if you can simply just NOT integrate your FB account with your BNet account ?
While some of us veteran gamers might pine for the old Blizzard , I do n't think that Activision is that evil a " Big Brother " .
A lot of the people who complain about this issue are the same people who make a lot of noise when governments implement new regulations that affect our privacy .
And despite all these complaints and death threats and " the end is nigh " doomsday messages , what happened ?
NOTHING bad did !
Same difference is not an oxymoron !
prOxi.swAMi Profile Blog Joined November 2004 Australia 3069 Posts # 19 On July 08 2010 18:37 EmeraldSparks wrote :
Okay , here 's things that you might care about :
They 're want to monetize Battle .
net with respect to Starcraft II ( custom maps , god knows what else . )
They show tremendous disregard for the wishes of the community , whether chat channels or this .
It sets precedent for more invasions of privacy ( would you like your real name as your BNet handle ? )
They seem to think that the consumers , as a general rule , are completely fucking retarded .
I know this will piss some people off ... but consumers , as a general rule , are completely fucking retarded .
Corporations only get away with as much as the consumer will allow .
People still pay dude .
This is why it happens .
I know this will piss some people off ... but consumers , as a general rule , completely fucking retarded .
Corporations only get away with as much as the consumer will allow .
People still pay dude .
This is why it happens .
AKA WonderBoy ¯\_ (ツ ) _ / ¯
http://www.proxiteam.net
Necrosjef Profile Joined March 2010 United Kingdom 530 Posts # 20 I think the " Golden age " of gaming are long gone .
Those of us who wished for another SC1 style community in SC2 were / are obviously sadly mistaken .
Not sure if I will be purchasing SC2 or any other Blizzard titles in future .
I 'm just happy I was part of the good times while they lasted .
I really feel for people who are 12 - 16 yo now who will never be able to experience what I did .
What Blizzard are doing , does n't really make any sense .
Does n't make sense from any standpoint , just a series of bad decisions on their part which ultimately wo n't work to make any additional revenue .
The real test for Blizzard will be how long they can go with this approach before they are forced to go back to the tried and tested business model of giving customers what they want .
Europe Server Diamond Player : ID=Necrosjef Code=957
1 2 3 4 5 8 9 10 Next All
We pointed out yesterday that earnings in Q2 for major corporations would be likely to upset the public more than please them , as unemployment remains a serious issue .
This chart shows exactly why the public might be upset .
As the number of jobs in the U.S. have continued to decline , profits have soared above pre-recession levels .
From The Atlantic :
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he is " undecided " about whether vuvuzelas will be welcome during the Olympics in London .
During a trip to South Africa to observe the World Cup , he said that although they can sound like a " mosquito " , it was enjoyable to " parp " on them .
The latest Microsoft operating system may be selling seven copies a second , but it's no match for the behemoth Windows XP , still the most popular OS in the world despite recent nefarious attempts ( we kid ) to invoke spontaneous shutdowns , slow hard drives and trigger blue screens .
In fact , a Microsoft exec admitted today that practically three - quarters of business computers still run the nine - year - old OS on hardware averaging 4.4 years old , and Computerworld 's now reporting Microsoft will extend XP 's lifespan through 2020 as a result .
" Going forward , businesses can continue to purchase new PCs and utilize end user downgrade rights to Windows XP or Windows Vista until they are ready to use Windows 7 , " an official Windows blog post reads .
We 've heard the reluctance to upgrade is due to a reliance on older software and the cost of additional IT , but it probably does n't hurt that Microsoft doggedly keeps distributing the OS despite the other choices on offer .
Perhaps the futuristic Windows 8 will finally win the workplace over , but it seems Redmond 's hedging its bets on this one .
Look on the bright side : this way , when intelligent robots battle for control of the moon , at least the wrathful victors will still be vulnerable to the blue screen of doom .
Update :
So it seems as if that 2020 date is incorrect , according to Microsoft 's PR team .
We 're presently waiting for an official update of some sort , and will let you know if / when we get it .
Do n't worry about the robots -- we 've got top men working on Plan B .
Update 2 : The official Windows Team Blog has stepped forward to reduce the confusion , but they 've only toned it down a tad .
Microsoft wo n't commit to an exact date for Windows XP downgrade availability , saying instead that you can trade in your OEM copy of Windows 7 Pro or Ultimate until the company stops selling it ... which is presently slated to be two years after Windows 8 ships ... whenever that is .
Find the complete non-committal statement at the more coverage link .
See " Dispensaries " in a larger map »
Representatives of 174 medical marijuana dispensaries have filed notices with the Los Angeles city clerk , indicating that they intend to remain open .
City officials now face the daunting task of determining whether those stores qualify to operate under the new ordinance .
The stores are among 187 that registered in 2007 to continue to operate when the City Council adopted a moratorium .
( City officials have long said the number of registered dispensaries is 186 but recently concluded one was inadvertently left off the list . )
All other dispensaries in the city were required to stop selling marijuana June 7 , when the ordinance became effective .
City officials estimate there are about 400 illegal dispensaries .
Many , however , have sued the city to challenge the ordinance and some have remained open in defiance of the law .
Los Angeles officials are reviewing the documentation to ensure that the stores still have their original owners , have operated continuously and have moved no more than once .
In their initial check , city officials determined that 79 met those requirements and planned to scrutinize the others .
Control of seven dispensaries is in dispute , with competing groups claiming to operate them .
It ’s unclear when the city clerk will complete its review .
“ We had a new hiccup , ” said Holly L. Wolcott , the executive officer for the city clerk .
City officials realized that they failed to collect information on the current management of the dispensaries , as required by the city ’s ordinance , and now have to contact the dispensaries to collect that information .
-- John Hoeffel
See a map of businesses mailed a closure notice : Map : Marijuana dispensaries told to close
Since the invasion of Afghanistan for the purpose of overthrowing its government , I have wondered what to call the stupidity of the operative theory .
There is no superior strategy for getting Bin Laden than the strategy of getting Bin Laden .
Anything other than that is hoping he will be hit by a stray bullet .
The absurdity of this approach is not figurative – it is literal .
Since our army was sent to Kabul and not Tora Bora where Bin Laden was hiding , a bullet would have to stray more miles off - course than a gun can fire .
Sometimes you can get proponents of Bush and Obama ’s war to admit that we should have focused a little bit harder on getting Bin Laden .
But it never seems to extend far enough to admitting the strategy of overthrowing the government of Afghanistan was wrong in the first place .
The proof of that is in Obama ’s ludicrous insistence that the war in Iraq was a diversion from our main task of … overthrowing the Taliban .
There seems to be no argument about this .
Afghanistan did not attack us .
Neither did Germany , where the plot was organized and financed from .
Neither did Saudi Arabia , where most of the hijackers came from .
Neither did the U.S. government , where under the watchful eye of FBI agents bitterly complaining to their superiors , the 9/11 hijackers trained .
Neither did the Philippines , which has the most solid linear connection to 9/11 – The Bojinka Plot was hatched there , and it was by Ramzi Yousef who had already personally bombed the WTC and is nephew to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the mastermind of the modified Bojinka attack on 9/11 .
I ’m sure that TV - trained readers will object that the Taliban was sympathetic to Al Qaeda back then whereas all these governments were not .
But how does overthrowing the Taliban get Bin Laden ?
It wo n’t , and it did n’t .
One of the most cunning aspects of stray bullet salesmanship is never detailing the Stray Bullet Theory directly or completely .
Were they to do so , it would sound silly on the face of it : we are going to capture or kill Bin Laden by placing the army a hundred or even a thousand miles away from him .
Instead our government and stenographers in the mainstream media have been masterful in the use of deceptive terminology , incessantly linking " Al Qaeda and Taliban " as if it were a noun for a single thing .
It is n’t a stray bullet if they are the same entity , so the fact it is a Stray Bullet Theory is obfuscated rhetorically .
If you object to overthrowing the government of Afghanistan , you will be met with an avalanche of retributional fury : the Taliban " hosted " Bin Laden ; they ’re evil towards women , etc. – But none of this explains how Bin Laden is captured or killed by occupying Kabul .
When Bin Laden dies of old age or renal failure , the wrong war grinds on because the stupidity of the original strategy has never been questioned .
We committed ourselves to overthrowing the Taliban government of Afghanistan , not to capturing or killing the perpetrators of 9/11 .
We did not lose track of the right objective by invading Iraq as Obama stated in his election sloganeering .
We never had the right objective in the first place , and pretending we did by merely replacing the generals running a misguided war in Afghanistan will only result in endless loss of blood and treasure .
The official weigh - in event for UFC 116 : " Lesnar vs. Carwin " has been bagged and tagged from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas , Nevada .
All 22 fighters booked for tomorrow night 's pay - per - view extravaganza have hit their respective marks without incident .
UFC Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar , as well as opponent and Interim titlist holder Shane Carwin , came in at the maximum 265 - pound heavyweight limit .
That 's a lot of beef for one main event .
As far as extracurricular activities go , there 's little to report .
Everyone appeared anxious to fight but remained on their best behavior in front of the live Spike TV audience .
Check out the complete UFC 116 weigh in results and video replay after the jump .
Main event :
265 lbs. : Brock Lesnar ( 265 ) vs. Shane Carwin ( 265 )
Main card ( Televised ) :
185 lbs. : Yoshihiro Akiyama ( 185 ) vs. Chris Leben ( 186 )
170 lbs. : Matt Brown ( 171 ) vs. Chris Lytle ( 170 )
155 lbs. : Kurt Pellegrino ( 155 ) vs. George Sotiropoulos ( 156 )
205 lbs. : Stephan Bonnar ( 205 ) vs. Krzysztof Soszynski ( 205 ) UFC Prelims ( Spike TV broadcast ) : 265 lbs. : Brendan Schaub ( 238 ) vs. Chris Tuchscherer ( 255 )
205 lbs. : Seth Petruzelli ( 205 ) vs. Ricardo Romero ( 206 ) Under card ( May not be broadcast ) : 185 lbs. : Dave Branch ( 185 ) vs. Gerald Harris ( 185 )
265 lbs. : Jon Madsen ( 254 ) vs. Karlos Vemola ( 222 )
170 lbs. : Kendall Grove ( 184 ) vs. Goran Reljic ( 186 )
170 lbs. : Daniel Roberts ( 169 ) vs. Forrest Petz ( 170 )
Remember that MMAmania.com will provide LIVE blow - by - blow , round - by - round coverage of UFC 116 beginning with the PPV telecast at 10 p.m. ET on Saturday , July 3 .
In addition , we will deliver up - to - the - minute quick results of all the under card action much earlier on fight night .
It ’s going to be a fun night of fights so do n’t miss it .
And remember to check us out for all the pre , during and post - fight UFC 116 coverage you can handle .
Live stream and replay courtesy of UFC.com .
Healthcare worker ?
Take our survey here .
Read the full story here
Secondhand chemo – like secondhand smoking – is an apt description for disease that occurs after chronic exposure to low doses of a drug intended for someone else .
And like secondhand tobacco exposure , it can have deadly consequences .
An InvestigateWest investigation has found that the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration does not regulate exposure to chemotherapy in the workplace , despite multiple studies documenting ongoing contamination and exposures and their potentially deadly consequences for human health .
Studies as far back as the 1970s have linked increased rates of certain cancers to nurses and physicians .
Occupational health experts believe that ’s because when nurses , pharmacists , technicians and increasingly , even veterinarians , mix and deliver the drugs , accidental spills , sprays and punctures put them in close , frequent contact with hazardous drugs .
These are drugs that can save lives of cancer patients , but ironically , are also human carcinogens themselves .
A just - completed study from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control , 10 years in the making and the largest to date , confirms that chemo continues to contaminate the work spaces where it ’s used , and in some cases is still being found in the urine of those who handle it , despite knowledge of safety precautions .
Read the story of Sue Crump , a Seattle area pharmacist who died at age 55 of cancer she believed was linked to her years as a pharmacist mixing chemotherapy in hospital settings .
Her story is just one uncovered in a year - long investigation by InvestigateWest ’s Carol Smith that drew upon early studies showing links between workplace exposures and later disease , slow recognition that the drugs have long lasting and even lethal consequences , and a reluctance to meet the problem with strict workplace safety regulation , at the federal and state levels .
While safety awareness has improved , the most basic precautions remain recommendations only , even as federal scientists and occupational health experts have pushed for more regulation in the work place .
Most alarmingly , the toxic drugs that some pharmacists and nurses believe caused cancer years later are moving out into home health care , veterinary clinics and non-hospital clinic settings where the deadly consequences of exposure may be even less recognized .
Our full story appears below .
It was also published by The Seattle Times and MSNBC.com , and a broadcast investigation was produced in partnership with KCTS 9 .
This images used in this presentation of Sue Crump and her daughter Chelsea were made by photographer Paul Joseph Brown for InvestigateWest .
Photographer Mike Kane shot the video of Sue and her family for Investigate West .
The video / slide show was produced by Daniel Gawlowski of The Seattle Times .
Sue Crump braced as the chemo drugs dripped into her body .
She knew treatment would be rough .
She had seen its signature countless times in the ravaged bodies and hopeful faces of cancer patients in hospitals where she had spent 23 years mixing chemo as a pharmacist .
At the same time , though , she wondered whether those same drugs – experienced as a form of “ secondhand chemo ” — may have caused her own cancer .
Chemo is poison by design .
It ’s descended from deadly mustard gas first used against soldiers in World War I .
Now it ’s deployed to stop the advance of cancer .
Read more . . .
In the United States , there ’s a lot of discussion about the difficulties of requiring hospitals and clinics to prove they are not contaminating their workers with toxic drugs .
But some other countries are already doing that .
Read more . . .
Other Voices
Oncology pharmacist Bruce Harrison died at age 59 of a rare form of cancer .
He was one of the authors of the strictest set of guidelines yet for healthcare worker safety , guidelines that had they been mandatory may have saved his life .
A diagnosis of thyroid cancer at age 35 changed vet Brett Cordes ’ life .
Now he ’s a safety crusader warning other vets that the stuff they ’re using to save our pets ’ lives could be threatening their own .
Luci Power was one of the first pharmacists in the United States to pressure her employer to take seriously warnings about chemo handling coming out of Europe in the early 1980s .
Read how one activist changed a workplace .
Hospital pharmacist Karen Lewis once had a cavalier attitude toward gloving and face masks , believing a little exposure would n’t harm her .
Four years after being diagnosed with a pre-cancerous blood disease , she knows differently .
We asked what the agency charged with protecting American workers is doing to protect healthcare workers on the job .
Watch the full episode .
See more KCTS 9 Connects .
Extended Video from KCTS Connects
Sue Crump , In Her Own Words
Watch the full episode .
See more KCTS 9 Connects .
Extended Interview with Seth Eisenberg , RN
Watch the full episode .
See more KCTS 9 Connects .
Behind the Scenes at Swedish Hospital
Watch the full episode .
See more KCTS 9 Connects .
This morning while reading tweets on the bus on the way to work , I spotted this tweet from the @PostSecret , which led me to this article from the Huffington Post .
One thing I think we have a bit of a duty to do as Fat Acceptance activists is challenge when negative language and connotations are put on to thin bodies as well as fat ones .
In the case of both the tweet from @PostSecret , and the article from the Huffington Post , while I agree we need to be questioning the body image messages sent out by these very thin mannequins , I do n’t think it ’s fair to refer to them as either anorexic or emaciated .
Both words imply that being very thin is by default unhealthy – and as voices calling out for positive body image for ALL bodies , I feel it ’s important that we challenge these implications as well as those that suggest fat bodies are unhealthy .
In the long run , it benefits all of us , regardless of what size or shape we are .
It is important that people know that very thin does not by default equal either anorexic or emaciated .
The definition of anorexic is a person who suffers anorexia nervosa .
Not all thin people suffer anorexia nervosa .
Not all people who suffer anorexia nervos are in fact , very thin .
Likewise , the definition of emaciated is “ wasted away ” .
Again , not all very thin people are wasted away – or in any way unhealthy .
Instead , people who are on the extreme end of thinness can have many reasons for being so .
Yes , from ill health or eating disorder , but also because they are just naturally built that way .
Like fat people , thin people have many factors in determining the shape and size of their body , from genetics , environment , to diet and activity levels .
That ’s the thing about bodies , you cannot tell very much about them at all just by looking at them .
When we challenge people about the language around fat bodies , we also need to be mindful of our own language when referring to thin bodies , especially those on the very thin end of the spectrum .
For example , that old chestnut “ real women have curves ” .
As I ’ve said before on this blog , all women are real , unless they are robots created by an evil genius , or perhaps figments of our imagination .
A woman who is thin and angular is just as much a woman as one who is fat and curvaceous .
Plus , who ’s to say that fat bodies are necessarily “ curvy ” .
I have curvy bits on my very fat body , but some parts are pretty damn boxy too !
It ’s important that we do not define womanhood by any one type of body , any one shape or size or set of measurements .
Womanhood is inclusive of all of us , not exclusive to some .
There are of course plenty of other examples .
We ca n’t suggest that thin people “ eat a sandwich ” any more than thin folk can suggest we “ put down the cheeseburger ” .
We ca n’t assume that thin people do n’t have body issues because they do n’t have the pressure to lose weight like we do .
We ca n’t assume that thin bodies are thin because they are physically active and eat less than those of us with fat bodies .
This does n’t mean that the privilege of thinness goes unacknowledged , we all know that there are plenty of things that people with thin bodies can take for granted that those of us with fat bodies do not have the luxury of , but it does acknowledge that nobody should be judged because of their body size and shape , even those with bodies that are considered the social “ norm ” .
What I guess is the important message is , that if we want the world to change their attitude towards fat bodies , we need to lead by example when talking about any bodies , and squash any generalisations and negative judgements on bodies when talking about ANY bodies .
Besides , as I think it was Lesley over at Fatshionista recently said – all living things have curves , that ’s what distinguishes the animal and plant from the mineral .
One type of body is not better than the other .
It ’s not either / or in this situation .
It is ALL .
To manage your privacy on Facebook , you will need to navigate through 50 settings with more than 170 options .
Facebook says it wants to offer precise controls for sharing on the Internet .
Related Article »
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY --
A massive cleanup effort is underway across the Salt Lake Valley after a broken oil pipeline sent nearly 33,000 gallons of crude oil spilling into local creeks , ponds and rivers .
On a beautiful day like Monday , the grounds of the Garden Park Ward -- a historic LDS meetinghouse and garden in the Yalecrest District of Salt Lake City -- are usually filled with photographers .
But the few photographers around may have some extra photo editing to do .
Related
Electrical problem cited in oil leak ; detection systems did n't work A leak that sent thousands of gallons of oil into Red Butte Creek came from a quarter - size hole in a pipeline .
Chevron believes an electrical arc cut the hole in the pipe .
For reasons unknown , monitoring systems did not detect the leak .
" There 's a bunch of workers over there and crude oil in the water , " said photographer Ashlee Swensen .
" The oil spill in the Gulf , it seems so far away , " said resident Dolly Close .
" And then all of the sudden it 's right in your neighborhood , in your own backyard . "
Cleanup is far from over along Red Butte Creek as Chevron workers wade through the water , laying down absorbent pads to soak up the dark oil running all the way down through the Jordan River .
" Yesterday we began a recognizance of the areas damaged , and then determined the least invasive method for cleaning up the oil , " said Chevron refinery manager Mark Sullivan .
Cleanup efforts updated
Areas affected by the oil slick have been broken down into 18 sections for cleanup .
Resources are doubled right now along the Jordan River to prevent the oil from getting to the Great Salt Lake .
Sullivan said so far those efforts have been successful .
The company praised for quick action to help contain the oil leak in Red Butte Creek says it was all in a day 's work .
Big D Construction president and COO Rob Moore says his crews are ready for just about anything .
" Large projects at times have these kind of conditions , " he said .
" Not what we 're seeing here , but these kind of conditions where we have to contain hazardous materials .
So our superintendents are trained to do that . "
Related
Pipeline safety regulators investigate Salt Lake oil spill The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration regulates gas pipelines across the United States .
The organization has an inspector in Utah reviewing Saturday 's Chevron oil spill .
If violations are found , the agency could assess fines .
They happened to be working up at the University of Utah on a job site when the fire department asked if they could help with a backhoe .
The crew got right to work building a berm to stem the flow .
Leak contained , but how long will effects linger ?
Chevron assured residents the leak has been closed off and that this is not a common occurrence .
The Division of Water Quality took samples from nine different sites around the Salt Lake Valley where possible contamination may have occurred .
Results are expected to be posted on DWQ's website later Monday afternoon .
They also will be available at Monday night 's town hall meeting , scheduled for 7 p.m. at Clayton Middle School , located at 1407 S. 1900 East .
At a press conference Monday afternoon , Chevron representatives said they 've doubled the amount of resources working on the spill and will pay for all of the cleanup -- however , they would n't speculate as to a timeline .
But according to the Utah Rivers Council , how long it takes has much to do with how well the areas are cleaned .
" It could be millions and millions and millions of dollars to actually clean it up , " said Zach Frankel .
" There 's sucking all of the oil out of Liberty Park pond , but that 's only just one piece of it .
How much of that oil has gotten into the ground ?
How much of it is being absorbed by plants ? "
And perhaps those needing the most urgent attention are also the most helpless -- geese , ducks , fish and other wildlife , coated in oil , some gasping for air .
Nearly 300 birds have been rescued and treated so far .
" Some of them are in quite poor condition , if they have quite a bit of oil on their feathers , " said Shawni Larrabee with Salt Lake County Animal Services .
" Their condition is directly related to how much oil they have . "
Chevron wants to remind residents and citizens not to clean up oil on their own .
The company says the best thing to do is file a complaint with them , and they will get crews out to clean it up .
Crews have already been spotted all over the damaged areas Monday .
E-mail : jstagg@ksl.com
×
Related Stories
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy has denied he is waging a vendetta against Google after the Government called in federal police to investigate the internet giant over alleged privacy breaches .
Senator Conroy has been at loggerheads with Google , last month calling the company " creepy " and accusing it of committing the " single greatest breach in the history of privacy " when it collected information from wireless networks .
But he was at pains today to point out the Australian Federal Police investigation was initiated not by him , but by Attorney - General Robert McClelland after his office received complaints from the public .
Senator Conroy denies he is attacking Google because of its concerns about the Government 's plans for an internet filter .
" Not in the slightest .
I raised these concerns about these giant companies - Google , Facebook and others - who do n't seem to believe the Australian laws should apply to them , " he said .
" They say , 'hey , we are based in the US , we do n't care what the European Union says , we do n't care what individual jurisdictions in Europe say and we do n't care what the Australian Government says ' . "
Information about wi-fi networks is used by many companies , including mobile telephone giant Nokia , to improve the performance of GPS on mobile devices and provide a more accurate location , particularly in cities where satellite signals can be blocked by tall buildings .
Google was taking photos for its Street View program , which shows 360 - degree views of most streets on Google Maps .
However Google was criticised for collecting too much information , including fragments of personal data .
Senator Conroy says Google may have breached the Telecommunications Intercept Act and that there is a growing list of countries that share his concerns .
" Countries , including Canada and 10 in Europe , wrote to Google about a month ago expressing their concern saying you must respect our privacy laws , " he said .
" It could potentially be a breach of the Telecommunications Intercept Act and that is why the police will be seeking information from Google .
" They will be asking to know what has gone on and why it has gone on . "
Google senior vice president Alan Eustace said on the company 's official blog that the software code responsible for collecting the data was used by mistake , and that all Street View cars were grounded when the mistake was discovered .
Google has been a critic of the Government 's internet filter , saying moves its to block pornography and other banned material could affect user speeds and accidentally filter legitimate content .
Justified
Electronic Frontiers Australia says the AFP investigation is warranted .
Spokesman Geordie Guy says Google may have broken the law .
" Google set about to collect information that was publicly visible about people 's wireless internet connections and they were going to use that as part of some of their products which use what is called geolocation , for showing you where you are , " he said .
" They only intended to collect some very specific information but because the software they were using had been written for another purpose , they accidentally collected information from inside people 's wireless networks and that might include , say , email information or information about the web pages people were viewing .
" It seems they probably needed to be paying a little bit more attention , a little more due diligence and as a result of their carelessness , they may have broken the law . "
Dr Mark Gregory , an information technology expert from RMIT University , says similar investigations are well advanced in Europe .
" Where Google has done the same thing [ it ] has recently stated they will hand all of the information that was collected ... over to the federal authorities in those countries to ensure Google did not retain the information collected , " he said .
" Now whether or not the same thing would happen here if a request was made is yet to be determined .
However , the concern caused worldwide by this action carried out by Google has been considerable . "
Google says the situation that has arisen in Australia was a mistake and that it will answer any questions investigators may have .
A Phoenix nun along with a hospital Ethics Committee made the decision to go forward with a procedure that aborted an 11 - week pregnancy and saved the life of the mother .
Sister Margaret McBride was then speedily excommunicated by the Catholic church .
" In this tragic case , the treatment necessary to save the mother 's life required the termination of an 11 - week pregnancy .
This decision was made after consultation with the patient , her family , her physicians , and in consultation with the Ethics Committee , of which Sr. Margaret McBride is a member , " according to a statement from St. Joseph 's hospital .
Cannon Lawyer Father Kevin O'Rourke told NBC
News that in his view McBride should not have been punished .
" A person knowingly and willingly performs an abortion , then that person is excommunicated .
But my contention is that there is nothing knowingly and willingly done in this regard .
They were acting , you see , to save the life of the woman and that was their main concern , " he said .
The move is prompting some to ask how the church could move so quickly to punish a nun who saved a woman 's life yet they take years to defrock priests who have molested children , reported NBC's Lee Cowan .
" In answer to the question , I would say it does n't look good , " said O'Rourke .
Sanctuaries are the best solution ( Image : Gary Bell / Taxi / Getty )
POPULATION crashes in many species of reef fish may be linked to an excess of males brought about by fishing – and imposing quotas wo n’t remedy the situation .
In many species , particularly those where individuals can change their sex , each fish produces fewer young as the population density drops .
“ It ’s perplexing , ” says Stefan Walker of James Cook University in Townsville , Queensland , Australia , “ because as population density drops , more resources should be available and populations should increase . ”
To find out why this happens , Walker tagged 232 cylindrical sandperches ( Parapercis cylindrica ) in a Great …
Creepy Chinese ArtLooks more like one man 's solution to the child labor problem they have ...
Allison Ogden - Newton 's father was a GP .
He did it for more than 50 years , mostly in the plush commuter belt around Gerrards Cross , Buckinghamshire .
Ogden - Newton describes it as " Tory heartland " : golf courses , men getting the train to Marylebone , women staying at home with the Volvo .
Ogden - Newton got out .
At university , she studied industrial relations ; then she worked for unions , in Kentucky in the fiercely anti-union American South – " I 've been shot at more than once " – and back in Britain , campaigning against poisonous paint solvents .
Next came charity work , the traditional kind , then the more modern , entrepreneurial sort .
She now runs Social Enterprise London , a profit - making body that advises and lobbies for socially - conscious businesses .
Ogden - Newton is a confident woman of 47 , still " on the side of the righteous " in her view , but comfortable giving orders .
She earns £ 80,000 a year .
She and her husband , who runs a property management company , and their three children live in a large , cool house in Richmond in leafiest south - west London .
They have an upmarket 4x4 in their front drive , an olive tree in their back garden and original artworks on their walls .
The afternoon I arrive , their au pair is looking after the children , who are just home from private school , while Ogden - Newton gets ready to go to a conference in South Korea .
It is a life that feels almost impregnable .
But this is an illusion .
One of the things Social Enterprise London does is find businesses to fulfil government welfare contracts .
" Since the general election , " Ogden - Newton says as we sit in the sun in her garden , " 90 % of the contracts have been cancelled . "
For a moment an expression of alarm passes across her face .
" I 'm absolutely spellbound by the speed and the totality of it . "
But then she recovers : " I think the contracts that have been taken away will be replaced with cleverer arrangements . "
Was this turbulence what she expected when she took her current job ?
She smiles .
" I always thought it was profoundly insecure . "
Being middle class in Britain has changed .
Politicians and the media and many Britons still talk about " the middle class " as if it is a steady , secure , cohesive social group .
They assume it is growing ever more populous and influential .
" We are all middle class now " has been a favourite newspaper headline for decades , as long - term social and economic and political trends have weakened the upper and working classes .
" By the 1980s ... the middle classes appeared to be the ascendant force ... even the victors in the long class war , " write Simon Gunn and Rachel Bell in their 2002 history Middle Classes : Their Rise And Sprawl .
Yet in the book 's final chapter , which covers the 80s onwards , there is the beginning of a more ambiguous story : the increasingly competitive nature of middle - class life and the decrease in job security ; Margaret Thatcher 's opening up of the classic middle - class professions , such as university teaching , to market forces ; the slow decline of the great state and corporate bureaucracies ; the downgrading of middle managers by new business ideologies .
These shifts , conclude Gunn and Bell , have left " few if any areas in which middle - class people work untouched " .
In some ways , middle - class life has changed for the better , the authors acknowledge : more consumer pleasures , widening opportunities for women , rocketing salaries for some professionals , rewarding new career paths for the self - motivated and nimble , for people such as Ogden - Newton .
In the inner London borough where I live , which is increasingly full of middle - class people like me , earning unspectacular salaries by London standards , the Icelandic ash cloud this spring left local schools half - emptied of teachers and pupils .
Despite the recent financial crisis and recession , spending the Easter holidays abroad – something only very rich people did in my childhood – was apparently still quite normal .
Yet is this modern , free - spending version of the middle - class Good Life sustainable ?
The sociologist Richard Sennett , quoted by Gunn and Bell , thinks not : " The crisis of the middle class , " he warns , " is just beginning . "
Stephen Overell , associate director of the Work Foundation , shares some of that pessimism : " There is an ongoing hollowing - out of the middle ranks in the British job market – the managers , the administrators , " he says .
" What growth there has been [ in this area ] has been driven by the public sector over the last 10 years .
With the government 's spending cuts , you have to question the future of many of those managerial jobs . "
For many middle - class people who hang on to their jobs , he continues , prospects are not much brighter : " In the middle - class workplace , employees ' autonomy and discretion have collapsed dramatically compared with 20 years ago .
Software is standardising work .
There are more procedures and guidelines , more surveillance .
People at the top end are doing OK , but the rest feel that their working lives are getting worse . "
Middle - class employment , you could say , is becoming more like that long endured by the working class .
Of course , being middle class is about more than just your job .
But other traditional aspects of middle - class life have acquired their own modern anxieties .
The value of saving is being undermined by low interest rates and jumpy stock markets .
Property ownership is becoming more difficult for future generations because of high house prices .
The chance of a comfortable retirement is threatened by meaner public and private sector pensions .
The old middle - class behaviours and values – self - restraint , deferred gratification , a degree of snobbery – have less relevance in a Britain where all classes scoff supermarket ready meals and small - talk about Britain 's Got Talent .
" To be middle class today , " Gunn says , " is to be in an edgy position .
The notion of being middle class does still carry an awful lot of freight .
But there are divisions within that middle class , between the public and the private sector , between people already in the professions and people trying to get in .
The payback for being middle class in Britain has always been security : networks of people that you know , investments .
What we have now is a very fluid middle class .
Few people in it expect to do the same thing all their lives .
They are constantly striving .
I do n't know how many of us know that if terrible financial things went wrong in our lives , we'd be OK . "
Kim Ormsby and family : ' We do n’t talk about money .
We just know we have n’t got much . '
Photograph : David Yeo for the Guardian
Kim Ormsby is one of the worriers .
She is 45 , still has young children , and runs the recycling and medical waste disposal for 60 NHS sites across west London .
She earns £ 39,000 , about one and a half times the average British full - time wage .
Like all but the lowest - paid public sector workers , her pay has recently been frozen by the coalition government for the next two years .
" I 'm earning a lot more than I thought I would when I started in the NHS , " she says when we meet for a rushed coffee in the canteen of one of the hospitals she covers .
" Fourteen years ago , I was on £ 12,000 .
I 've always had savings .
But I 'm not saving at the moment .
In fact , I 'm spending my savings .
They really have dwindled . "
The life she goes on to describe does not sound exactly spendthrift .
She and her husband , who has a lower - paid job in the same department , live with their son and daughter in a semi in Rickmansworth , Hertfordshire .
They moved to the dormitory town from London two years ago because the property was cheaper , but their three - bed house needs work .
" Sometimes we sit in the lounge and think , ' God , this is depressing . '
The wallpaper 's peeling – it needs to be stripped . "
They own one 10 - year - old car .
" We do n't talk about money .
We just know we have n't got much . "
Ormsby is not bleak about everything – " I really enjoy my job . "
But to squeeze in the necessary hours , she gets up at 5.15 am , and works for an hour in the evening after the children are in bed .
The family summer holiday is one week in France .
She knows that not all middle - class Britons live like this .
" We have got some rich friends .
They tend to go out more .
They have nice holidays ; skiing , or somewhere hot . "
Does she envy that ?
" Yes , " Ormsby says with abrupt intensity .
" I would like to have a decent holiday . "
Does she think of herself as part of the same middle class as them ?
" Is there such a thing as middle class any more ?
It 's as if the middle class has just gone like that " – she moves her hands farther and farther apart across the canteen table – " and the top part should go into the upper class or something . "
Thirteen years ago , the management consultants McKinsey produced an influential report called The War For Talent .
The report argued that able individuals were the key to corporate success , that due to demographic shifts and globalisation they were in short supply , and that organisations needed therefore to compete for these people and reward them accordingly .
Since 1997 , this idea has come to permeate the middle - class workplace .
" Within professions there are much greater rewards now for outstanding stars , " Overell says .
And often these " stars " see their peers in international rather than national terms .
" If you go to London and New York , say , the people at the top are forming a group .
They understand each other .
They regard themselves as a tribe . "
Members of the tribe – business executives , celebrity architects , management consultants – are always travelling , often transatlantic in their accents and assumptions , and tend to see the world as simply a series of problems to be solved .
At the same time , within the British middle class , " there are also some whole professions that are pulling away from everyone else " .
The most infamous of these is financial services .
In my experience , at least , bankers have a slightly contradictory status in middle - class life : mentioned endlessly in conversations with peers about money or property or how the world works , but rarely actually encountered .
As Ormsby puts it , fiddling with her polystyrene coffee cup in the hospital canteen , " It 's like another world . "
' What really grated about my non-City mates was that they talked about what they did with real passion , ' says Alex Preston .
Photograph : David Yeo for the Guardian
Until three months ago , Alex Preston was in that world .
He entered it almost by accident .
His mother and grandfather were academics , and at Oxford University he did English and wanted to be a novelist .
But then he made friends there " whose fathers were in the City .
I went to their houses .
And I thought , ' I fancy a bit of that . ' "
Working in the City , he told himself , would be a short - term thing : " Putting aside a few quid , and then sitting in a farmhouse in the south of France , writing my Ulysses . "
Preston is 30 , dapper and self - assured .
We meet at a cafe at Stansted airport ; he is on his way to France for the weekend for his mother 's 60th .
Earlier this year he published This Bleeding City , a semi-autobiographical novel about London bankers .
" I always saw the City as something separate – almost outside the British class system altogether .
That American idea of class as being only about money . "
He stayed in the City for 10 years , working at different times for a bank , an investment company and a hedge fund , and discovered that separateness was indeed one of the City 's defining characteristics .
" You talk about ' civilians ' [ non- City people ] .
Guys would say , ' I do n't know if I can go back to a civilian salary . ' "
The long working hours made it hard to keep in touch with non-banking friends .
But he tried : " There was a time when I was trying to convert them .
They were all public sector guys .
We played football on a Tuesday night , and I 'd say , ' Guys , you could immediately quadruple your salary . '
They said , ' We have ideals , and we like the job security . ' "
He suddenly looks melancholy : " What really grated about my non-City mates was that they talked about what they did with real passion .
In the City , you are basically doing a job that does n't interest you .
The City gets intelligent people to do tiresomely repetitive jobs . "
Long - term career satisfaction is considered by sociologists a characteristic middle - class expectation ; on that score , Preston found the City lacking .
The compensation , of course , was the money – and the opportunities it brought to self - invent : " When I started in the City , tastes were blingy , a bit Essex – ' Look at my big watch . '
Then people got into shooting , country estates , wine cellars , wearing a lot of tweed . "
Preston shakes his head in theatrical disbelief : " I went shooting ! "
What does he think this change in bankers ' spending habits was about ?
" It 's saying to the rest of the middle class , ' We are the bosses . ' "
Then there are the more subtle City status symbols : a subsidised second career , or a very early retirement .
Preston says he " did n't save much , alas " of what he earned in the City , but he is working on his second novel and doing an English PhD , enviable choices for a 30 - year - old in London with two small children .
Ogden - Newton says , " If your kids go to private school , you see these fathers who have made enough money in the City and do n't need to work any more . "
An edge comes into her voice : " They have a ' photography business ' or something . "
In Britain , the middle class has long had elites and internal divisions .
Every class does ; it is one of the reasons we often talk about them in the plural .
But the sheer breadth and vague boundaries of the middle class have often made it seem uniquely fragmented .
" How can millionaire financiers , farmers , shopkeepers , possibly be lumped together in any social category ? " ask Alan Kidd and David Nicholls in their 1998 book The Making Of The British Middle Class ?
In fact , being middle class has always been a slippery business .
Having servants , renting a good property , owning a good property , owning a business , being employed in one of " the professions " , how you speak , how you use cutlery – at different times , all these have been regarded as essentials of middle - class life .
In the 19th century , an identity was created which emphasised ambition , inventiveness , effort – " You work like stink , " as Ogden - Newton puts it – and the middle class presented as a confident , outward - looking Britain 's driving force .
Yet mixed with this triumphalism has always been envy and insecurity : seeing yourself as the middle group in society can leave you feeling either smug or beleaguered .
For most of the 20th century , the decline of the aristocracy and expansion of managerial and office work greatly benefited the middle class .
But there were periods , such as the 70s , when surges in working - class militancy – and working - class fashionability – threatened this supremacy .
" Middle class " became a pejorative , even on predominantly middle - class university campuses .
Accents and life histories were adjusted : in 1975 a British diplomat 's son called John Mellor renamed himself Joe Strummer , and soon afterwards began singing for the Clash in football - terrace cockney .
That era of middle - class shame and proletarian chic seems remote now .
The election of Thatcher in 1979 , with her constant , reverent references to her upbringing as a shopkeeper 's daughter , restored the middle class 's political potency .
Her policies , such as City deregulation and reducing the top rate of income tax , effectively led to the creation of today 's many middle - class millionaires .
Today , despite their financial precariousness , the British middle class 's tastes in food and interior decor are ever more widely imitated .
David Cameron , like almost everyone from aristocratic families these days , strains to present himself as a typical middle - class person , his much - filmed London kitchen full of items from Habitat and John Lewis .
In once socially - diverse professions such as journalism , middle - class people are now ubiquitous .
The middle - class aptitudes for education and self - improvement and networking – the real constants , perhaps , of middle - class life over the centuries – seem ever more useful in the modern world .
" Some people still stay in the middle class even if they do n't have the money , " says the sociologist Ray Pahl .
" People say , ' Poor so - and - so has n't got any money .
Let 's invite him to our house in Italy . ' "
However , for people to consider each other part of the same social class in the long term , Pahl warns , " Reciprocity is important : the exchange of meals , of hospitality . "
The polarisation of middle - class salaries and working patterns is making this more difficult .
Preston says he has one friend who has been for dinner at his house " maybe 150 times " without a return invitation , although he insists they are still close .
Geography and lifestyle also increasingly divide the modern British middle class .
" There are different middle classes in different places , " Pahl says .
Since the early 60s , middle - class families in London have been moving into the inner city , while in most other British conurbations they have been moving out .
As a consequence , the kind of homes and neighbourhoods and schools middle - class Britons use have diverged .
The neat , middle - class enclaves of Edinburgh or Leeds , with their almost wholly middle - class streets and playgrounds , offer a different life from scruffier , more socially mixed but increasingly gentrified Hackney or Lambeth .
Overell lists some other middle - class divides : between flexible and full - time workers , double - and single - income families , American - style workaholics and European - style professionals who disappear on holiday for the whole of August .
" There was more commonality of experience at work in the old days , " he says .
" People do find it harder to relate to other people 's work now .
Jobs are very specialised .
There are real divides opening between occupations .
Ultimately it results in less social solidarity . "
Maybe the middle class has finally become too vast and loose a coalition to hold together .
The Office for National Statistics does not use the term , preferring smaller , more technical categories such as " higher managerial " , " lower professional " and " higher supervisory " .
For decades , the supposed disappearance of the working class has been the big class story in Britain ; perhaps that stopped people noticing that the middle class was also dissolving .
At the least , retired bankers aside , a sense of ease has gone .
" Smug self - satisfaction is no longer the middle class mind - set , " says Gunn .
In her lovely Richmond back garden , at nearly three o'clock in the afternoon , Ogden - Newton gulps down a supermarket smoked chicken and cheese bagel for her lunch while we talk .
Behind her in the kitchen , her laptop is open , waiting for her to blog and tweet on behalf of Social Enterprise London before her taxi to the airport comes .
" Maybe that 's what defines the middle class these days : the willingness and the ability to box and cox , " she says , sitting forward in her garden chair , wearing smart shoes but an old T - shirt , hair hurriedly brushed .
" I work 12 - hour days .
I share the childcare with my husband .
I love what I do , and I love my family life , and I love gardening .
But I am running out of hours . "
[ In this Game Developer magazine reprint , a gymnast and UFC mixed martial art game developer dives into how the center of mass of a character is the basis for all realistic motion -- and delivers the technical know - how to achieve it . ]
A common complaint from consumers regarding computer animation ( especially in the video game industry ) is the " puppet - like " movements characters often seem to perform .
When two character models come into contact with each other in a fighting game , or when they must climb structures in an acrobatic manner , the difficulties become more pronounced .
In this article , I 'd like to talk about some techniques for analyzing human movement that can be applied to make your hand - keyed character animations look more natural .
Takes One to Know One
Before joining the 3D computer software industry I was a competitive gymnast , and also worked as a gymnastics coach .
When I was a gymnast , I would practice a move over and over to achieve the right timing , speed , balance , and angle .
I repeated and adjusted my technique until I could execute the move perfectly every time .
I developed my skill to perform , analyze , and teach gymnastic moves through those experiences .
While I was coaching , I also studied physiology and kinesiology for sports science in university , focusing on the mechanism of the human body in movement .
I learned how to analyze the physics of human motion using mathematical calculations , which lead to an understanding of how muscle generates the force to perform a move .
I was hired by Kung Fu Factory to look over the animation team to help them improve the quality of the company 's character animation .
Over the years I 've come to realize that animating characters in 3D space is similar to coaching gymnastics , and my analysis of movement was quite relevant to the creation of quality animation .
If you can analyze a move and understand the kinetics behind it , you can create better , more natural animation -- and faster , too .
The What and Why of Center of Movement
Some skilled animators have the ability to picture and recreate human movement easily .
But most of us can't .
At our studio we often encourage animators to use reference videos showing a person performing the action they 're meant to animate .
This helps them understand the movement better , but video can only go so far .
One critical , and often undervalued element of movement is an understanding of the character 's center of gravity , or center of mass .
I will refer to both as the " COM . "
The center of gravity is the point at which the entire weight of a body may be considered as concentrated , so that if supported at this point the body will remain balanced in any position .
Your balance and movements are always affected by gravity .
As a gymnast I learned how to control and adjust my body 's COM to perform various actions .
Tumbling , balancing , and so forth , all require an adjustment of the COM .
Some animators I know who are martial artists also understand this concept , so they can see how the COM flows and adjust the character 's body appropriately .
Adjustment of the COM is something we all do naturally in real life when performing actions like dancing , running , and so forth -- but it's not easy to create this in a fictional character .
Figuring out the position of the COM is not hard when a human is standing up straight .
Usually the COM of a human body sits around the lower stomach , which is a little above half his height .
On a moving character it becomes more difficult , because the location of the COM will constantly shift .
For example , as you bend forward from a standing position , your COM will start to adjust and move forward as well .
Eventually your COM will be so far forward that you 'll fall over if you do n't do something to regain your balance .
This shifting of the COM position during the move represents the main flow of the movement you 're performing ( in this case bending over ) .
We call it the COM trajectory .
If you can properly animate your characters with the appropriate COM trajectory , they will move much more realistically .
To do this , you have to know the physics behind the movement being performed , and how physics relates to the center of mass .
An obvious example is gravity .
Every object on Earth is affected by gravity .
To understand how gravity affects the COM , physics calculations can be very useful .
When I work with animators , I use Excel to show the physics simulation and how the movement is affected by gravity .
In the following section I will show you my process of physics simulation using Excel .
I will also show a tool that displays the COM trajectory , used to examine if the COM is moving naturally .
Due to Fischer ’s secretive life it has remained unclear who had a claim to his inheritance .
His sister Joan , his first chess opponent , died before him while her two sons , Alexander and Nicholas Targ , are thought to be the only known relatives by blood .
[ This post is by Jean - Baptiste Queru , who moves truck - loads of source code in and out of the Googleplex . — Tim Bray ]
Today is one of those days that has my heart racing ; we ’ve just released the source code for Android 2.2 .
This is a big step forward for the entire Android ecosystem .
Please do n’t melt the servers down again while trying to download that latest source code .
This blog typically talks about developing Android applications using the SDK and NDK .
However , the skills of a platform contributor are n’t fundamentally different from those of an application developer .
Those are simply different roles using the same skill set .
I ’m providing an update here to the experienced Android programmers all around the world on some of the recent developments in the Android Open - Source Project .
For Google engineers working on Android , releases are mostly known by their code names which are chosen alphabetically after tasty treats .
I ’ll call Android 2.2 “ Froyo ” throughout this post , since that was its code name .
Raw version numbers do n’t make me salivate as much as the thought of a cold dessert in the California summer .
Let ’s have a look at some cool aspects of the new Froyo source , and let ’s then take a few steps back to look at other noteworthy aspects of the Android Open - Source Project .
I had been increasingly involved in all previous open - source releases of Android , from testing the initial code drop to doing all the open - source - related git - level work in Eclair .
Following that path , Froyo is the first release where my primary focus has been the Android Open - Source Project from start to finish .
I thank the entire Android team for helping me all along with much of that work .
Here are some aspects of Froyo that I am proud of , and that kept me busy for the last few months :
Hundreds of platform changes that people everywhere uploaded to the Android Open - Source Project were accepted and merged into Froyo .
That process is now a well - oiled machine and will translate well to future contributions .
The open - source release happened in a single step .
The whole source tree for the entire Android 2.2 platform is now available , with its full change history .
That will accelerate everyone ’s migration to Froyo from older releases .
It is also already fully merged into the open - source master tree .
Consequently , we can immediately review and accept platform contributions based on Froyo .
That will therefore reduce the risk of merge conflicts between contributions to the open - source tree and changes in Google ’s internal master tree where those contributions are meant to end up .
In order to make it easier for device manufacturers and custom system builders to use Froyo , we ’ve restructured our source tree to better separate closed - source modules from open - source ones .
We ’ve made many changes to the open - source code itself to remove unintentional dependencies on closed - source software .
We ’ve also incorporated into the core platform all the configuration files necessary to build the source code of Android Open - Source Project on its own .
You can now build and boot a fully open - source system image out of the box , for the emulator , as well as for Dream ( ADP1 ) , Sapphire ( ADP2 ) , and Passion ( Nexus One ) .
Speaking of device support , we also open - sourced several additional hardware - related libraries that had been closed - source in previous releases , which will open the door to more contributions .
Some examples are the recovery UI code for Dream , Sapphire and Passion , and the interface between the media framework and Qualcomm chipsets .
Besides the Froyo source code release , I wanted to mention several other improvements in the Android Open - Source Project :
We ’ve been receiving contributions from more than twenty different companies , and many individuals .
We have close to 4,000 registered users on the Gerrit code review server , with an average of 2 contributions per user .
Those contributions have been in all areas of the system , from the depth of the C library all the way to the UI of the lock screen .
They ’ve covered the full range of complexities , from fixing typos in the documentation or reformatting code to adding developer - visible APIs or user - visible features .
I want to thank everyone who got involved for their work and patience .
We ’re now responding to platform contributions faster , with most changes currently getting looked at within a few business days of being uploaded , and few changes staying inactive for more than a few weeks at a time .
We ’re trying to review early and review often .
As I ’m typing this , only about a dozen platform contributions have n’t been looked at yet , with the oldest of those being 3 days old .
More than 90 % of contributions to the platform code itself have been actively looked at during the last 2 weeks .
I hope that the speedy process will lead to more interactivity during the code reviews .
I realize nevertheless that time differences around the world can make real - time communication a challenge .
Over the last 2 months , we ’ve reached a final decision on more than 1,000 changes that were uploaded to our public Gerrit server .
That means that those changes were either accepted or rejected after being reviewed .
The high quality of the contributions we ’ve been receiving throughout the history of the Android Open - Source Project has allowed us to steadily merge about 80 % of them into the main repository , from where they migrate to official releases .
That means that an average of 20 changes have been accepted through the Android Open - Source Project into the public git repositories every business day over those last 2 months .
We recently created two new official Google Groups related to the Android Open - Source Project .
Android - building is meant to specifically discuss build issues ( be sure to search the archives thoroughly before posting ) .
Android - contrib is used to discuss actual contributions ( do n’t post if you do n’t really intend to contribute and follow through on the review process , and if you have n’t already spent an hour or two researching things on your own ) .
We ’re developing the developer tools directly in the open - source project , with no work in those areas happening behind closed doors .
This covers the Eclipse plug - in and the emulator , and more than a dozen other SDK - related tools .
Once a platform version is open - sourced , all improvements to the Compatibility Test Suite related to that version are made directly to the open - source tree .
In fact , release 2 of the 2.1 CTS was done 100 % that way , with the development , testing and release process all happening straight in the open - source tree .
This is now true for Froyo as well , and we are now accepting contributions into the Froyo branch of the CTS project .
I believe that those last two aspects are important to application developers .
If you ’re an application developer and you ’d like to improve the tools that you and your fellow developers use , the process to make changes in that area is now a lot more transparent .
Similarly , if during application development you find incompatibilities between devices and believe that those incompatibilities are n’t within the letter or the spirit of Android compatibility , you can help improve the situation by contributing a CTS test for that area .
With Android 2.2 now being available to the open - source world , and with the review process working smoothly , I ’m looking forward to seeing a lot more high - quality contributions that will be used to build future versions of Android .
My sweetest dream , which is also my worst nightmare , is to have so many contributions that I can’t keep up with them .
Please do n’t wake me up .
Where C and C++ Differ
By Alex Allain Gotchas for a C programmer using C++ Implicit Assignment from void *
You cannot implicitly assign from a void* to any other type .
For instance , the following is perfectly valid in C ( in fact , it 's arguably the int *x = malloc ( sizeof ( int ) * 10 ) ; but it wo n't compile in C ++.
( Try it yourself ! )
The explanation from Bjarne Stroustrup himself is that this is n't type safe .
What this means is that you can have a void * that points to anything at all , and if you then assign the address stored in that void* to another pointer of a different type , there is n't any warning at all about it .
Consider the following : int an_int ; void * void_pointer = &an_int ; double * double_ptr = void_pointer ; * double_ptr = 5 ; When you assign * double_ptr the value 5 , it 's writing 8 bytes of memory , but the integer variable an_int is only 4 bytes .
Forcing a cast from a void pointer makes the programmer pay attention to these things .
Freeing arrays : new [ ] and delete [ ]
In C , there 's only one major memory allocation function : malloc .
You use it to allocate both single elements and arrays : int *x = malloc ( sizeof ( int ) ) ; int * x_array = malloc ( sizeof ( int ) * 10 ) ; and you always release the memory in the same way : free ( x ) ; free ( x_array ) ;
In C++ , however , memory allocation for arrays is somewhat different than for single objects ; you use the new [ ] operator , and you must match calls to new [ ] with calls to delete [ ] ( rather than to delete ) .
int *x = new int ; int * x_array = new int [ 10 ] ; delete x ; delete [ ] x_array ;
The short explanation is that when you have arrays of objects , delete [ ] will properly call the destructor for each element of the array , whereas delete will not .
You must declare functions before use Although most good C code will follow this convention , in C++ it is strictly enforced that all functions must be declared before they are used .
This code is valid C , but it is not valid C++ : # include < stdio.h > int main ( ) { foo( ) ; return 0 ; } int foo ( ) { printf ( " Hello world " ) ; } Gotcha for a C++ programmer using C Structs and Enums
You have to include the struct keyword before the name of the struct type to declare a struct :
In C++ , you could do this struct a_struct { int x ; } ; a_struct struct_instance ; and have a new instance of a_struct called struct_instance .
In C , however , we have to include the struct keyword when declaring struct_instance : struct a_struct struct_instance ;
In fact , a similar situation also holds for declaring enums : in C , you must include the keyword enum ; in C++ , you do n't have to .
As a side note , most C programmers get around this issue by using typedefs : typedef struct struct_name {
/* variables */ } struct_name_t ;
Now you can declare a struct with struct_name_t struct_name_t_instance ;
But there is another gotcha for C++ programmers : you must still use the " struct struct_name " syntax to declare a struct member that is a pointer to the struct .
typedef struct struct_name { struct struct_name instance ; struct_name_t instance2 ; /* invalid !
The typedef is n't defined yet */ } struct_name_t ; C++ has a much larger library C++ has a much larger library than C , and some things may be automatically linked in by C++ when they are not with C .
For instance , if you 're used to using % g++ foo.cc or % gcc foo . c - lm No Boolean
Type C does not provide a native boolean type .
You can simulate it using an enum , though : typedef enum {FALSE , TRUE} bool ; main Does n't Provide return 0 Automatically In C++ , you are free to leave off the statement ' return 0 ; ' at the end of main ; it will be provided automatically : int main ( ) { printf ( " Hello , World " ) ; } but in C , you must manually add it : int main ( ) { printf ( " Hello , World " ) ; return 0 ; } C++ was based on C and retains a great deal of the functionality .
C++ does not retain complete source - level compatibility with C .
There are a few gotchas for C++ programmers trying to write C code , and C programmers trying to compile with a C++ compiler .
You cannot implicitly assign from a void* to any other type .
For instance , the following is perfectly valid in C ( in fact , it 's arguably the preferable way of doing it in C ) but it wo n't compile in C ++.
( Try it yourself ! )
The explanation from Bjarne Stroustrup himself is that this is n't type safe .
What this means is that you can have a void * that points to anything at all , and if you then assign the address stored in that void* to another pointer of a different type , there is n't any warning at all about it .
Consider the following :
When you assign * double_ptr the value 5 , it 's writing 8 bytes of memory , but the integer variable an_int is only 4 bytes .
Forcing a cast from a void pointer makes the programmer pay attention to these things .
In C , there 's only one major memory allocation function : malloc .
You use it to allocate both single elements and arrays : and you always release the memory in the same way :
In C++ , however , memory allocation for arrays is somewhat different than for single objects ; you use the new [ ] operator , and you must match calls to new [ ] with calls to delete [ ] ( rather than to delete ) .
The short explanation is that when you have arrays of objects , delete [ ] will properly call the destructor for each element of the array , whereas delete will not .
Although most good C code will follow this convention , in C++ it is strictly enforced that all functions must be declared before they are used .
This code is valid C , but it is not valid C++: You have to include the struct keyword before the name of the struct type to declare a struct :
In C++ , you could do thisand have a new instance of a_struct called struct_instance .
In C , however , we have to include the struct keyword when declaring struct_instance :
In fact , a similar situation also holds for declaring enums : in C , you must include the keyword enum ; in C++ , you do n't have to .
As a side note , most C programmers get around this issue by using typedefs :
Now you can declare a struct withBut there is another gotcha for C++ programmers : you must still use the " struct struct_name " syntax to declare a struct member that is a pointer to the struct .
C++ has a much larger library than C , and some things may be automatically linked in by C++ when they are not with C .
For instance , if you 're used to using g++ for math - heavy computations , then it may come as a shock that when you are using gcc to compile C , you need to explicitly include the math library for things like sin or even sqrt : C does not provide a native boolean type .
You can simulate it using an enum , though :
In C++ , you are free to leave off the statement ' return 0 ; ' at the end of main ; it will be provided automatically : but in C , you must manually add it :
When your classification model has hundreds or thousands of features , as is the case for text categorization , it ’s a good bet that many ( if not most ) of the features are low information .
These are features that are common across all classes , and therefore contribute little information to the classification process .
Individually they are harmless , but in aggregate , low information features can decrease performance .
Eliminating low information features gives your model clarity by removing noisy data .
It can save you from overfitting and the curse of dimensionality .
When you use only the higher information features , you can increase performance while also decreasing the size of the model , which results in less memory usage along with faster training and classification .
Removing features may seem intuitively wrong , but wait till you see the results .
High Information Feature Selection
Using the same evaluate_classifier method as in the previous post on classifying with bigrams , I got the following results using the 10000 most informative words :
evaluating best word features accuracy : 0.93 pos precision : 0.890909090909 pos recall : 0.98 neg precision : 0.977777777778 neg recall : 0.88 Most Informative Features magnificent =
True pos : neg = 15.0 : 1.0 outstanding =
True pos : neg = 13.6 : 1.0 insulting =
True neg : pos = 13.0 : 1.0 vulnerable =
True pos : neg = 12.3 : 1.0 ludicrous =
True neg : pos = 11.8 : 1.0 avoids =
True pos : neg = 11.7 : 1.0 uninvolving =
True neg : pos = 11.7 : 1.0 astounding =
True pos : neg = 10.3 : 1.0 fascination =
True pos : neg = 10.3 : 1.0 idiotic =
True neg : pos = 9.8 : 1.0
Contrast this with the results from the first article on classification for sentiment analysis , where we use all the words as features :
evaluating single word features accuracy : 0.728 pos precision : 0.651595744681 pos recall : 0.98 neg precision : 0.959677419355 neg recall : 0.476 Most Informative Features magnificent =
True pos : neg = 15.0 : 1.0 outstanding =
True pos : neg = 13.6 : 1.0 insulting =
True neg : pos = 13.0 : 1.0 vulnerable =
True pos : neg = 12.3 : 1.0 ludicrous =
True neg : pos = 11.8 : 1.0 avoids =
True pos : neg = 11.7 : 1.0 uninvolving =
True neg : pos = 11.7 : 1.0 astounding =
True pos : neg = 10.3 : 1.0 fascination =
True pos : neg = 10.3 : 1.0 idiotic =
True neg : pos = 9.8 : 1.0
The accuracy is over 20 % higher when using only the best 10000 words and pos precision has increased almost 24 % while neg recall improved over 40 % .
These are huge increases with no reduction in pos recall and even a slight increase in neg precision .
Here ’s the full code I used to get these results , with an explanation below .
import collections , itertools import nltk.classify.util , nltk.metrics from nltk.classify import NaiveBayesClassifier from nltk.corpus import movie_reviews , stopwords from nltk.collocations import BigramCollocationFinder from nltk.metrics import BigramAssocMeasures from nltk.probability import FreqDist , ConditionalFreqDist def evaluate_classifier ( featx ) : negids = movie_reviews.fileids ( ' neg ' ) posids = movie_reviews.fileids ( ' pos ' ) negfeats = [ ( featx ( movie_reviews.words ( fileids=[f ] ) ) , ' neg ' ) for f in negids ] posfeats = [ ( featx ( movie_reviews.words ( fileids=[f ] ) ) , ' pos ' ) for f in posids ] negcutoff = len( negfeats ) * 3/4 poscutoff = len( posfeats ) * 3/4 trainfeats = negfeats [ : negcutoff ] + posfeats [ : poscutoff ] testfeats = negfeats [ negcutoff : ] + posfeats [ poscutoff : ] classifier = NaiveBayesClassifier.train( trainfeats ) refsets = collections.defaultdict( set ) testsets = collections.defaultdict( set ) for i , ( feats , label ) in enumerate ( testfeats ) : refsets[ label ].add( i ) observed = classifier.classify ( feats ) testsets[observed ].add( i ) print ' accuracy : ' , nltk.classify.util.accuracy( classifier , testfeats ) print ' pos precision : ' , nltk.metrics.precision(refsets[' pos ' ] , testsets [ ' pos ' ] ) print ' pos recall : ' , nltk.metrics.recall(refsets [ ' pos ' ] , testsets [ ' pos ' ] ) print ' neg precision : ' , nltk.metrics.precision(refsets ['neg ' ] , testsets [ ' neg ' ] ) print ' neg recall : ' , nltk.metrics.recall(refsets [ ' neg ' ] , testsets [ ' neg ' ] ) classifier.show_most_informative_features ( ) def word_feats ( words ) : return dict ( [ ( word , True ) for word in words ] ) print ' evaluating single word features ' evaluate_classifier ( word_feats ) word_fd = FreqDist ( ) label_word_fd = ConditionalFreqDist ( ) for word in movie_reviews.words ( categories =[' pos ' ] ) : word_fd.inc(word.lower ( ) ) label_word_fd['pos '].inc(word.lower ( ) ) for word in movie_reviews.words ( categories = [ ' neg ' ] ) : word_fd.inc(word.lower ( ) ) label_word_fd ['neg '].inc(word.lower ( ) ) # n_ii = label_word_fd[label ] [ word ] # n_ix = word_fd [ word ] # n_xi = label_word_fd[label ].N ( ) # n_xx = label_word_fd .
N( ) pos_word_count = label_word_fd [' pos ' ].N( ) neg_word_count = label_word_fd [ 'neg ' ] .N( ) total_word_count = pos_word_count + neg_word_count word_scores = {} for word , freq in word_fd.iteritems ( ) : pos_score = BigramAssocMeasures.chi_sq(label_word_fd [ ' pos ' ] [ word ] , ( freq , pos_word_count ) , total_word_count ) neg_score = BigramAssocMeasures.chi_sq(label_word_fd [ 'neg ' ] [ word ] , ( freq , neg_word_count ) , total_word_count ) word_scores[word ] = pos_score + neg_score best = sorted ( word_scores.iteritems ( ) , key=lambda ( w , s ) : s , reverse= True ) [ : 10000 ] bestwords = set ( [w for w , s in best ] ) def best_word_feats ( words ) : return dict ( [ ( word , True ) for word in words if word in bestwords ] ) print ' evaluating best word features ' evaluate_classifier ( best_word_feats ) def best_bigram_word_feats(words , score_fn=BigramAssocMeasures.chi_sq , n=200 ) : bigram_finder = BigramCollocationFinder.from_words ( words ) bigrams = bigram_finder.nbest ( score_fn , n ) d = dict ( [ ( bigram , True ) for bigram in bigrams ] ) d.update( best_word_feats ( words ) ) return d print ' evaluating best words + bigram chi_sq word features ' evaluate_classifier ( best_bigram_word_feats )
Calculating Information Gain
To find the highest information features , we need to calculate information gain for each word .
Information gain for classification is a measure of how common a feature is in a particular class compared to how common it is in all other classes .
A word that occurs primarily in positive movie reviews and rarely in negative reviews is high information .
For example , the presence of the word “ magnificent ” in a movie review is a strong indicator that the review is positive .
That makes “ magnificent ” a high information word .
Notice that the most informative features above did not change .
That makes sense because the point is to use only the most informative features and ignore the rest .
One of the best metrics for information gain is chi square .
NLTK includes this in the BigramAssocMeasures class in the metrics package .
To use it , first we need to calculate a few frequencies for each word : its overall frequency and its frequency within each class .
This is done with a FreqDist for overall frequency of words , and a Conditional FreqDist where the conditions are the class labels .
Once we have those numbers , we can score words with the BigramAssocMeasures .
chi_sq function , then sort the words by score and take the top 10000 .
We then put these words into a set , and use a set membership test in our feature selection function to select only those words that appear in the set .
Now each file is classified based on the presence of these high information words .
Signficant Bigrams
The code above also evaluates the inclusion of 200 significant bigram collocations .
Here are the results :
evaluating best words + bigram chi_sq word features accuracy : 0.92 pos precision : 0.913385826772 pos recall : 0.928 neg precision : 0.926829268293 neg recall : 0.912 Most Informative Features magnificent =
True pos : neg = 15.0 : 1.0 outstanding =
True pos : neg = 13.6 : 1.0 insulting =
True neg : pos = 13.0 : 1.0 vulnerable =
True pos : neg = 12.3 : 1.0 ( ' matt ' , ' damon ' ) =
True pos : neg = 12.3 : 1.0 ( ' give ' , 'us ' ) =
True neg : pos = 12.3 : 1.0 ludicrous =
True neg : pos = 11.8 : 1.0 uninvolving =
True neg : pos = 11.7 : 1.0 avoids =
True pos : neg = 11.7 : 1.0 ( ' absolutely ' , ' no ' ) =
True neg : pos = 10.6 : 1.0
This shows that bigrams do n’t matter much when using only high information words .
In this case , the best way to evaluate the difference between including bigrams or not is to look at precision and recall .
With the bigrams , you we get more uniform performance in each class .
Without bigrams , precision and recall are less balanced .
But the differences may depend on your particular data , so do n’t assume these observations are always true .
Improving Feature Selection
The big lesson here is that improving feature selection will improve your classifier .
Reducing dimensionality is one of the single best things you can do to improve classifier performance .
It ’s ok to throw away data if that data is not adding value .
And it ’s especially recommended when that data is actually making your model worse .
Windows 7 has been well received both critically and on the street .
And while Lifehacker readers love Windows 7 , a well - built OS is n't a perfect OS .
Check out these five applications that tweak Windows 7 and customize it to your heart 's content .
Advertisement
A stock Windows 7 installation a fairly pleasant place to work , judging from our readers ' reports .
Even so , a little tweaking of its behavior , looks , and other features lets you optimize and personalize that desktop .
Check out these five great tools for doing so .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The " God Mode " in Windows 7 is n't quite like a video game God Mode — alas , no infinite laptop battery life or unlimited bandwidth — but it is a pretty nifty hack , and does n't require any new installations .
Create a new folder on your Windows desktop , save it with the name God-Mode .
{ED7BA470-8E54-465E-825C-99712043E01C} , though you can substitute whatever name you want for " God -Mode . "
The folder will change icons , and when you click on it , you 'll see every configuration option available in the control panel .
That 's the real power of the Windows 7 God Mode — it takes all the toggles you have to dig through the control panel menus and sub-menus to get to , and puts them right in one master list .
It 's worth trying out God Mode just to see settings you may not have even been aware of .
Advertisement
The Windows registry is a treasure trove of tweak - friendly variables and values .
You should n't muck around in it blindly , but by reading up on specific variables , you can tweak all manner of things that slightly irk you .
Stroll through #registry here at Lifehacker to read up on all sorts of neat tricks , like how to speed up the Windows 7 taskbar , customize the login buttons , and tweak Aero peek .
While you 're learning about the registry , you 'll want to check out our guide to the registry and registry cleaning .
If you 're not comfortable directly editing your Windows registry , we 'd advise you to check out some of the other Windows tweaking applications in the Hive Five .
Many of the settings they provide are just a neat graphic interface for the variables hidden in the bowels of the registry .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Windows 7
Manager does n't do anything that you can't do with various pieces of freeware or registry tweaks , but it does roll together dozens of functions into a unified , simplified interface .
Not only can you tweak the GUI of Windows 7 but you can also tweak your boot routines , find duplicate files , securely erase files , retrieve and backup software keys , and more .
Windows 7
Manager comes with a 15 day trial , so you can pit it against the free options in today 's
Hive before shelling out your hard - earned cash .
Advertisement
Rainmeter is a skinning application for Windows , but that does n't quite do it justice .
You can do nearly anything with data using Rainmeter , from embedding the weather into your desktop to massaging the entire way you interact with your OS into something new .
The best testament to the versatility and outright coolness of Rainmeter is wandering through the #rainmeter tag here at Lifehacker , and checking out all the unique desktops and tweaks readers have shared with us — also worth a peek is the best desktops of 2009 , many of them featuring Rainmeter .
If you look at your Windows desktop and go beyond thinking , " I wish the taskbar had different spacing , " and more toward , " I wish my Windows interface looked like something totally new and Star Trek - flavored , " then Rainmeter is for you .
Advertisement
Advertisement
For those of you that remember and loved the TweakUI utility from Microsoft , Ultimate Windows Tweaker is a freeware tool that takes the concept of the old TweakUI and supercharges it for Windows Vista and 7 .
You can tweak hundreds of settings and variables — system tray icons , the menu pop -up speed , security settings for the control panel , and a lot of other things you can't normally get to .
It 's a 380 KB , stand - alone portable application , so if you 're curious to see just how many things you can tweak , it 's no hassle at all to take it for a spin .
Now that you 've had a chance to look over the top five applications for tweaking Windows 7 , it 's time to cast your vote in the poll below :
Advertisement
Have a favorite tool that did n't make the cut ?
A registry hack you really want to share ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
As always , if you have a great idea for a future Hive Five , we want to hear about it .
Send your ideas to tips@lifehacker.com with " Hive Five " in the subject line .
The Best Of Socially Awkward Penguin
There 's nothing more lovable than a penguin on a blue background with text about being socially awkward on it !
How many can you relate with ?
“ First they came for the homeopaths … ”
I ’ve lost count of how many self - pitying blogposts by homeopaths I ’ve seen begin with those words .
The assault on homeopathy is continuing relentlessly and the poor homeopaths do n’t know what ’s hit them .
I ’m sure I ’m not the only one who feels a bit sorry for them .
Only joking .
Did n’t you just love watching Tom Dolphin ’s turn at the BMA conference recently ?
For those who missed it , Dolphin — who is deputy chairman of the BMA ’s Junior Doctors Committee — announced that , contrary to his headline - grabbing comments back in May , homeopathy is n’t witchcraft after all .
He graciously apologised for the offence caused to all the witches who ’d objected to the association with homeopathy .
“ I take it back — it is n’t witchcraft ” , said a contrite Dolphin , before going on to explain what homeopathy really is .
It ’s nonsense on stilts .
It ’s pernicious nonsense that feeds a rising wave of irrationality that threatens to overwhelm the hard won gains of the Enlightenment and the scientific method .
We risk as a society slipping back into a state of magical thinking when made up science passes for rational discourse and wishing for something to be true passes for proof .
Amen to that and the motion to stop funding homeopathy was carried overwhelmingly .
The only surprise — apart from the fact that it ’s taken them this long to get this far — being that anyone voted against it .
Most of the speeches against the motion were the usual pap : “ paucity of evidence does not amount to lack of efficacy , ” whined one speaker , ignoring the wealth of evidence of hundreds of clinical trials ;
“ It works — ask the people of anywhere in the world , ” bleated another .
But the speeches against were n’t all that bad .
Here ’s London GP , Paddy Glackin :
I ’ve got a group of patients who go to the homeopathic hospital and it ’s a great relief to me that they do because , frankly , I ’ve got nothing else to offer them .
I am completely stuck while they have found a place where they are getting better and if we remove NHS funding I do n’t know what I ’m going to do with them because they have been extenisvely investigated , extensively managed and the only person they are getting benefit from is the guy who waves some water in their face and is really sweet to them once a month .
That keeps them well .
That the homeopathic hospitals should serve as place where doctors can dump untreatable patients is probably the best argument for continuing to fund homeopathy on the NHS .
But even if the NHS had infinite resources , I still would n’t support it because homeopathy is indeed ‘ nonsense on stilts ’ and it ’s time we stopped pretending otherwise .
Enough already !
I recall the feminist conferences I attended in the 1970s and the fervent discussions we had about how the NHS was failing us .
The ideas that were floated at the time contributed to the change in the culture of the doctor - patient relationship we ’ve witnessed over the past few decades .
These days we demand that our doctors are honest with us , that they listen to us and take us seriously and are n’t paternalistic and condescencing … do n’t we ?
A few years ago , I attended a talk given by Dr David Reilly , who qualified as a doctor of proper medicine but now works at the Glasgow Homeopathic Hospital .
Dr Reilly started his talk by claiming there were some 200 positive trials for homeopathy .
Thereafter he refused point blank to talk about homeopathy and he disregarded any challenges to the principles of homeopathy from the audience , stating he had n’t come to discuss it .
What he ’d come to talk about was the work of the Glasgow Homeopathic Hospital and what he took an hour to say could be summed up thus :
Give some people a lovely , tranquil environment , a lot of time , a listening ear and a good bedside manner and they start to feel better .
This works regardless of whether any remedy prescribed has any active ingredients and we know , of course , that homeopathic remedies do n’t .
The reason I remember Dr Reilly ’s talk so well was because it echoed precisely what we ’d said at those meetings over thirty years ago and it has absolutely nothing to do with homeopathy .
Back then , we all felt the NHS had an ugly paternalistic face and that it treated us something like the pie cases on a Fray Bentos assembly line , filling us with drugs instead of steak and kidney and sending us on our way .
What we wanted to happen was something like this :
(1) Train doctors to ask sensitive questions to help patients get everything off their chest and to listen intently while patients prattle on about themselves .
(2) Allow doctors to spend an hour with each patient every visit .
Sorted .
No need to refer anyone to a homeoquack so we can stop funding them pronto .
We knew then as we know now that the second requirement would n’t be fulfilled any time soon in a publicly - funded health care system , and that this would obviously impact negatively on the first requirement .
Thus the new and improved generation of today ’s GPs still end up , as Dr Paddy Glackin suggested in his speech , prescribing too many unnecessary meds that do n’t work anyway and do n’t get rid of chronically unwell patients who have nowhere else to go .
That ’s what the homeopathic hospitals are for .
Crikey , I could almost talk myself round into supporting them , were it not for the fact that I am haunted by the spectre of my dying mother being ejected from an NHS hospital without them even changing her nappy and with a fucking cannula still stuck in her arm because they were so short of beds and staff .
Wanting to get rid of patients because you do n’t know what else to do with them is n’t reason enough to lie to them and to spend £ 4 million out of the public purse annually financing the lie .
As I once heard oncologist Prof Michael Baum say to a hysterical homeopathy user , “ You can buy your homeopathy if you want but you ca n’t have it at the expense of other women ’s lives ” .
It may only be a tiny portion of the NHS budget — as they never stop reminding us — but you can buy a lot of Tamoxifen for that .
It might seem callous to suggest that people who want the NHS to fund their homeopathy should buy themselves a tube of Smarties and ring the Samaritans for a nice chat instead .
But these are hard times and if the NHS can’t afford proper meds , it needs to stop wasting money on pretend ones .
It also needs to have the debate on the placebo effect that Martin Robbins called for in the Guardian recently .
Perhaps most importantly , it needs to work out how to harness the benefits of the homeopathic consultation for the good of all patients .
Just to reiterate : the benefis have nothing to do with homeopathic remedies .
Let ’s stop pretending that every health problem has an ingestible solution .
That ’s what homeopaths do and it ’s a load of crap .
What ’s next ?
No doubt there are some who think that , once the NHS stops funding homeopathy and once Boots and other chemist shops stop presenting the remedies as if they do indeed have ‘ therapeutic indications ’ , then there ’d be nothing left for skeptics to do and we ’ll shut up and move on to something else .
But they ’d be wrong .
The problem is that homeopaths are liars .
Yes , I know a lot of the lies are unintentional because they are delusional but for others there is no excuse .
Take , for example , the oft - repeated claim of the “ five systematic reviews ” that supposedly amount to evidence for homeopathy .
This lie is as common as pigeon shit and easily exposed for being exactly that .
I caught and exposed the odious American homeoquack Dana Ullman repeating it here and in a previous blog I did the same favour for Jayne Thomas of the Society of Homeopaths , who had the audacity to repeat the falsehood on national TV .
Martin did an excellent job in another Guardian column more recently .
Talking of the Society of Homeopaths , apart from telling porkies on national TV and bullying skeptics who tell the truth about them , what exactly is it for ?
Browsing the Society ’s website , I came across its Code of Ethics and Practice and skimmed through it .
One line leaped out at me :
“ No advertising may be used which expressly or implicitly claims to cure named diseases ” .
Quite right too .
However , given the dishonesty that is the very essence of the whole cult of homeopathy , I was n’t particularly surprised to come across this claim on a member ’s website ( actually the first hit on Google after entering ‘ registered with the Society of Homeoapths ’ ) :
Basically any condition you would see a GP for can be treated homeopathically .
It does n’t name any diseases , it simply claims to be able to treat any condition under the sun .
WTF ??
I am approaching the age my mother was at when she discovered the lump in her breast that turned out to be a malignant tumour necessitating a mastectomy , which allowed her to live for another 30 years .
If only she ’d seen a homeopath instead of her GP , eh ?
She might have saved herself a lot of trouble and just died a slow , agonising premature death like Penelope Dingle did .
Yes , people should be free to make their own choices about health as long as they fund their more eccentric choices out of their own pockets rather than everyone else ’s .
Does that mean that UK homeopaths working outside of the NHS should be able to say whatever nonsense they like on their websites and in their promotional literature ?
I think not .
Thanks to the efforts of skeptics fed up with seeing desperate people being conned by unscrupulous quacks , the chiropractic ‘ profession ’ now has to mind its ps and qs .
It ’s high time the homeopaths got a piece of the action .
Post and recipe brought to us by Cathy “ Chikay ” from North Carolina , US .
It ’s always been hard for me to think what to fix for dinner .
Sometimes , I would just go to the grocery store and grab something at the frozen section , come home and stick it in the microwave or oven and voila !
Instant meal for me !
Sometimes , buying a ready - to - eat meal is convenient , especially if you are a working mother and do n’t have enough time to prepare a meal for the whole family .
But , it does n’t work that way most of the time , especially when you are on a very tight budget and you have no choice , but to be creative and use whatever you have in the fridge .
A few nights ago , that was my dilemma .
I wanted to go out for dinner , but the budget would n’t allow it .
So , I have decided to raid my fridge and see what I can come up with and I remember this salad that I normally order at Mimi ’s Café here in NC – the Crispy Chicken Salad ( my second favorite meal after the Corn Chowder and Carrot Raisin Muffin ) .
So , I thought of making my own version of it .
I had all the ingredients except the chicken so I used the fully - cooked frozen chicken popcorn that I have in the freezer .
Here ’s how I made it :
Chicken Popcorn Salad
INGREDIENTS :
Salad : Lettuce , chopped Carrots , julienne Sweet corn kernels , 1 tbsp .
Chopped tomatoes ( optional ) Scallions – chopped ( optional ) Croutons Grated cheese 1 hard - boiled egg , sliced thinly Chicken :
Thinly sliced chicken breast or chicken strips 1 egg Milk , about ¼ cup Panko bread crumbs Vegetable oil for cooking Thousand Island Dressing :
I used my own judgement on the measurements so whatever I put in here is just an estimate .
½ cup mayonnaise Tomato ketchup , about 2 tsp .
White vinegar , or in my case , I used apple cider vinegar , about 2 tbsp .
1 hard - boiled egg , chopped Sweet pickle relish , about a teaspoon Minced white onion , about a teaspoon Sugar , salt and pepper to taste
PROCEDURE :
First , you have to make your dressing ahead of time so it will be nice and cold by the time the salad is ready .
Just mix all the thousand island dressing ingredients in a medium bowl and keep it cold in the fridge for at least 1 hour or so .
Make sure you use a cling wrap if you do n’t have any lid to keep it fresh .
Preparing the salad .
Mix all the salad ingredients ( except the croutons , cheese and scallions ) starting with chopped lettuce , carrots , corn kernels , tomatoes and egg .
Keep it cold in the fridge .
Prepare the chicken .
Mix the egg and milk together in a medium bowl using a fork or wisk .
Put the chicken breast / strips over the mixture .
Then , roll in panko bread crumbs and fry till golden brown .
Afterwards , slice them , set aside and let it cool .
If you do n’t have time to do this , you can also use frozen chicken nuggets / strips or in my case , I used the frozen popcorn chicken that I had in the fridge and fried it .
Take the salad and the dressing out of the fridge .
Top the salad with croutons , cheese , scallions , chicken and the dressing .
Serve and enjoy !
Post and recipe brought to us by Cathy “ Chikay ” from North Carolina , US .
Thank you , Chikay !
* hugs *
Birds of the same feather , flock together .
That ’s why here at Certified Foodies , we welcome guest posts from other foodies , particularly our friends who do n’t have their own food blogs and our beloved blog viewers / visitors .
We will also send invites to other foodies to share their recipes here .
So , if you would like to guest post for us , please use our contact page .
We ’d love to feature your recipes here ! 🙂
Related Amazon Products :
Comments
comments
I found feminism in the toilet the other day .
Not actually in the toilet , but in a bathroom stall in the women ’s washroom at the Butler ’s Pantry , a restaurant in the Annex .
The message was scrawled in black pen by some anonymous person who , whether she knows it or not , is a feminist : “ You are perfect , sexy and awesome exactly as you are . ”
She obviously thought that some women needed to hear that .
Thanks , kind feminist stranger , with your gesture both empowering and benign .
It oddly sums up feminism today , an ambiguous and apolitical thing that is everywhere , but with less of the crusading spirit of feminisms past .
After all , it is n’t exactly cool to be a capital - F Feminist in 2010 , when many people find the term antiquated and the battle for equality over .
Young Canadian women do n’t remember a time before we had the vote , the pill , access to safe abortion and the right to slap on a suit and join the line of worker bees snaking along the highways .
We were raised to believe that pink and blue were different sides of the same coin and that we could be , and do , anything men can do .
Equality was assumed .
Which makes it difficult to see , sometimes , the systemic inequalities that persist and the new ones that have cropped up , some even as a result of gains made by the women ’s movement .
Or , you can see them — Harper ’s refusal to fund abortion as part of the G8 maternal health initiative , the still - abysmal numbers of women in the upper echelons of corporations , universities and government , and a popular culture that holds women to absurd and hypersexual standards of beauty , to name but a few .
But tracing these pieces back to the whole is an unpleasant experience .
The whole being the fact that men and women are n’t equal yet , despite what our teachers taught us — and despite our post - feminist popular culture of empowered pole dancers ( also , because of them ) .
If we could see that whole , we ’d know there is a need for feminism today as much as ever , in part because many of the injustices that remain are so embedded in our cultural conscience that they ’re invisible .
As a 26 - year - old small - f feminist living in post - women ’s lib Canada , I often do n’t know what to do about these inequalities ; I feel like a bad big sister ignoring someone I love and care about .
Someone who needs my help but is annoying as hell .
I was nonetheless disheartened when I asked nearly a dozen of my brilliant female friends if they would call themselves feminists recently and only one responded with a resounding yes .
Even though most of them recognize that gender inequalities persist , they did n’t want to further marginalize themselves by deliberately identifying with a term so many people dislike , even disdain .
They just wanted to be treated as people , with a fair shot in life — not as women per se , and certainly not as feminist women .
“ I think people associate the term with bra-burning , militant women who hate men — even if that ’s not true , ” wrote one friend in an email .
“ And my goal when I ’m talking about women ’s rights is to help the person understand their importance , not turn them off the subject . ”
It ’s a more - than - fair point .
One that makes my friend a feminist , in spirit if not by title .
My friends are not alone in their reluctance .
Joan Simalchik , professor and coordinator of the Study of Women and Gender program at the University of Toronto Mississauga , says her students give her hope for the future — even though some of them do n’t want the feminist label .
“ It sort of evokes another time for them as a word , ” she says .
“ But that does n’t mean that the essence of it is not there . ”
Simalchik says women ’s studies is growing as a discipline , with more male students and more graduate programs than ever before .
At U of T Mississauga , 260 students took the introductory course this year , in many cases as an elective .
A group of young feminists called the Miss G_Project has been lobbying since 2005 to get a course into the secondary - school curriculum that would introduce students to the history of the women ’s rights movements , and the myriad ways sexism manifests itself today .
A gender studies course is now being piloted in a handful of high schools and is slated to become part of the Ontario curriculum in September 2011 .
The students who take these courses will go on to become doctors , lawyers , teachers , social workers , maybe even hockey coaches .
And the ideas of equality they learn in gender studies will stay with them .
Young people today identify and organize in different ways than those who came before them , Simalchik says .
They might not be feminists or full - time activists , but that does n’t mean they are n’t organizing on campus and online , and thinking critically about the world around them .
In other words , the knowledge is there , and we ’ll use it when we need it — when an issue reaches the tipping point , and we get good and ticked off .
“ People do n’t claim human rights when they have them , they claim them when they don’t , ” Simalchik says .
Even in recent weeks , we ’ve seen a backlash against the Conservative government ’s decision to deny funding for abortion in developing countries and against the announcement of the all - male Canada Excellence Research Chairs , 19 men but zero women who will receive up to $ 10 million in federal funding over seven years .
Those protests are movement , but I do n’t know if I ’d call it a movement .
“ I feel like feminism in a way has become very personal , ” says Ronak Ghorbani , a self - described feminist and recent co-editor - in - chief of McClung ’s , a feminist magazine at Ryerson University .
“ A lot of the feminists I know are adapting it as a lifestyle , which can also be negative because there is need for political movements on the street .
But just because it ’s not as in - your - face as it used to be , it does n’t mean that it does n’t exist . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Feminism today is fragmented .
There are as many feminisms as there are feminists , and feminists tend to disagree about what the issues are and should be , and how they should be approached .
Often feminists are called to task for racism or elitism : activist Jessica
Yee , for example , says contemporary feminism still has a white , Western , academic bias .
As a white , professional woman , certain systemic problems are difficult for me to truly and personally understand .
They are deeply upsetting facts , to be read in newspapers and on websites , but difficult to see and touch .
More than 500 Aboriginal Canadian women have been murdered or disappeared in the last 30 years .
At least one in three women around the world is beaten , raped or abused in their lifetime .
Access to safe and timely abortion is poor in much of the developing world , and even in many U.S. states and parts of rural Canada .
We are often most concerned with problems that cut close our own realities .
Only two years into my career , I find myself worried about working women .
About motherhood and how at odds it seems to be with the working world .
As Avivah Wittenberg - Cox , the CEO of international gender consultancy 20 - first puts it , the problem is n’t the proverbial glass ceiling , but the “ gender asbestos ” throughout the building .
Wittenberg - Cox says young women soar through the education system , often outperforming their male counterparts , and generally succeeding in the corporate world throughout their 20s .
But they hit “ culture shock ” in their 30s , when they realize how difficult it is to keep up with their male colleagues , especially if they want to be mothers , but even if they do n’t .
I can see that coming .
And I do n’t know what to do about it .
But I do believe we have to stop looking at some of these things as individual choices .
It ’s great that Canadian women are increasingly starting their own businesses as a means to balance parenting and work , but do n’t be fooled into thinking it ’s truly about choice .
Real choice would allow women — and men — more flexible career paths and more flexible work , with more time for parenting when they need it .
Real choice would mean universal child care , something women have been fighting for since the 1960s — something Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty ’s all - day kindergarten plan comes closer to addressing , but not nearly close enough .
It would not mean watching some women penetrate the masculine corporate culture of organizations in order to get a seat at the board table .
Instead , we would experience a breakdown of the masculine , have n’t - changed - that - much - since - 1960 work patterns and attitudes of companies that continued to put women at a disadvantage .
Wittenberg - Cox , author of How Women Mean Business , tries to haul companies into the 21st century by teaching them how to manage “ bilingually ” across genders .
She says the number 1 thing managers do that unintentionally discriminates against women is identify high - potential employees when they are between 30 and 35 — precisely the time that most women who want to have children are having them , out of the office .
Will the reluctant feminists of my generation start to speak up in their 30s , when these now - hidden injustices reveal themselves ?
Will the ever - more - educated generation behind us do it ?
Will we wait until some new catastrophe rattles us into action ?
I do believe that feminism is alive — if not by name — when I think about the bathroom stall , and about many stories in this newspaper , about campus organizing , bloggers and the gentle , venomous reprimands that some of us friendly feminists give loved ones who need to hear them .
And maybe that ’s the thing with feminism today .
It is n’t what you think it is anymore .
It ’s become more complicated and more personal .
It ’s something different to everyone , and it is n’t even feminism to a lot of us .
It ’s become less of a movement and more a way of seeing things .
It ’s online .
Sometimes it ’s misguided , sometimes too tentative .
But it ’s still there , and it ’s still going .
BANGALORE , India —
At Sundeep Medicals , a busy drugstore at one end of Bangalore ’s prominent Brigade Road , two teenage girls breeze in and ask for the iPill , and then argue over whether they should buy one or two .
“ Buying emergency contraceptives has become like buying candy bars , ” said Shreyansh Sankhla , who owns the store .
They sell so fast , said Sankhla , that he ran out of stock last month and could not replenish as the distributor had sold out too .
Fifty years after the pill heralded women ’s sexual emancipation in the West , emergency contraceptive is becoming a new phenomenon in India .
Despite fierce opposition from conservative quarters , morning - after pills are available without a prescription and presage a different kind of sexual empowerment in this fast - changing country .
Aditi , a 21 year - old call center executive who did not want to give her last name , said the use of iPill and Unwanted - 72 , both one - pill emergency contraceptive brands , is rampant among her colleagues and friends .
They no longer have to depend on their partners using condoms .
As the economy booms , India ’s bigger cities are seeing an influx of young , educated middle - class workers from smaller towns and even rural areas .
They come in search of careers and get financial freedom at a much younger age compared with their parents .
Away from traditional family confines , they are sexually adventurous .
“ There is freedom and a certain casual attitude towards sex , ” said Sankhla , 22 .
“ People are lenient about protection and end up thinking about it after , ” he said .
The trend is partly fueled by the barrage of advertising , said Hukmi Jain , a sales manager at the well - known downtown drugstore , Cash Pharmacy .
In a television ad , a girl is shown furtively looking for an illegal abortion clinic and her friend suggests the emergency pill as a safe alternative .
Large ads are splashed on billboards and in magazines .
“ This is an over - the - counter drug and there is no age bar in India , ” said the elderly Jain , adding , “ Young girls come in and boldly ask for the drug . ”
But there is no denying that the emergency drug is bringing about a sexual liberation for women in India .
Aditi says that the emergency pill provides a stress - free relationship with her boyfriend .
Gynecologist Vidya Mani said a worrisome fallout of this new - found freedom is the carefree attitude toward contraception .
She said she has noticed a trend of younger women coming to her with problems such as irregular menstruation and pelvic infections because of the erroneous use of the emergency drug as a primary contraception .
Besides the sexual emancipation that the emergency drug is bringing about in middle - class India , there are serious downsides too , she said .
“ I have dealt with cases where young women have used the emergency pill much after the ‘ safe ’ time and have had to abort fetuses , ” said Mani .
As if on cue , critics in cities from Chennai to Mumbai are demanding a ban on the advertisements saying they mislead young women into thinking that the drug can replace regular contraception .
They fear that the attitude toward casual sex will also change because of the easy availability of such drugs .
Morning - after pills are supposed to facilitate control over sexuality and fertility .
But in India , the bigger fuss is over the easy availability of the pills and their potential to morally corrupt young minds .
French artist Bernard Pras remakes famous paintings through the use of daily objects .
Fantastic !
Notes about Pras ( from bio ) :
Pras was born in 1952 in the south - west of France in a toy shop .
After more than 20 years spent as a painter , and also a sculptor of recovered objects , Pras conceived in 1997 , an astonishing form of expression , using photography as a basis for the creation of what amounts to a form of installation art .
Pras ’s work does not illustrate the painter ’s art but the way the eye views an object .
In fact , brush and paint are replaced by the object itself .
By anamorphosis he creates a picture in relief and gives birth to portraits by randomly accumulating common objects .
Kathy Myers , a 41 - year - old woman from the broke - ass wasteland known commonly as Michigan , recently shot herself in the shoulder hoping that emergency doctors would also have to fix a different shoulder injury while they were working on her .
They did n't .
Myers hurt her shoulder while playing with her dogs in her yard ( Extreme Frisbee ?
Advanced Go - Git - It ? ) and , as one of the 1.2 million folks in Michigan without health insurance , had to endure weeks of pain without treatment .
Finally she decided to take matters drastically into her own hands .
They said it would have to be life - threatening or imminent danger for them to do anything , so I was making it be imminent danger that something had to be done .
In addition to not getting her shoulder fixed — they took care of the bullet wound but not the other injury —
Myers might face criminal charges for discharging a firearm within the city limits of Niles , MI .
But do n't worry , she 's not suicidal , she says .
I have no suicide wish .
My life sucks right now but I want to live .
I 've got lots to live for and there 's more good than bad in everything in my life , so that 's not what it was about at all … I just want to take the pain away .
Sigh .
[ NYDN ]
Japan used aid money to persuade developing countries to support its whaling , according to a whistleblower who has spoken to the BBC .
The man , who went first to Greenpeace , worked for a private company which implemented development projects on behalf of the Japanese government .
His allegations come on the eve of the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) meeting in Morocco .
For 18 years Mr A - as he wants to be known - travelled the developing world for a private Japanese company .
His job was to arrange projects such as new harbours that would be paid for by Japan 's overseas aid budget .
Key question
Japan has long denied buying support for its stance on whaling .
But Mr A told the BBC that during negotiations the make - or - break question was whether the country would side with Tokyo at the IWC .
THE LEGALITIES OF WHALING Objection - A country formally objects to the IWC moratorium , declaring itself exempt .
Example : Norway
Scientific - A nation issues unilateral ' scientific permits ' ; any IWC member can do this .
Example : Japan
Aboriginal - IWC grants permits to indigenous groups for subsistence food .
Example : Alaskan Inupiat Culture clash over Japan whaling Whales - ' resource ' or ' right ' ?
" If the answer is affirmative , saying yes , or more or less affirmative , then we start talking about the project .
Helping them to build up their fisheries industries , " Mr A said .
However this was not always the response .
There were " a couple of countries where I received quite explicit answer or reply , saying No. Like Ghana , Nigeria and Tanzania , and other countries in African continent , " Mr A said .
" In that case I said simply thank you very much and I went away . "
There was then no question of a fisheries grant being given , he said .
Mr A went first to Greenpeace to make his allegations .
He said he was disgusted that many of the development projects he spent his career working on were a waste of Japanese taxpayers ' money .
' Regrettable policy '
Mr A has chosen to speak out on the eve of the International Whaling Commission 's meeting in Morocco .
At the moment Japan justifies its hunts as scientific research , while not hiding the fact that whale meat ends up on dinner plates .
The IWC will debate a proposal to end the ban on commercial whaling that has been in place since 1986 in return for whaling nations agreeing to smaller quotas .
Masayuki Komatsu , Japan 's chief negotiator until 2004 , says his country should " simply dump " the proposal in the rubbish bin .
Mr Komatsu , the author of several books about whaling , says there are " plenty " of whale resources and Japan should not be asked to cut its quota .
Asked whether Japan had been linking its aid to the whaling issue , he said he had advocated that Japanese aid should officially be linked to whaling issues " as a matter of sustainable principle " .
However , he said that while many politicians shared his views , they were not fully addressed and " regrettably " Japan 's policy was of delinking aid .
Japan it has acknowledged that it has invested heavily in the fishing industries of some smaller countries on the IWC .
Their votes will be critical in Morocco .
Here ’s the latest analysis on the developing situation in Wisconsin with Vernon Hershberger , from David E. Gumpert of the Complete Patient blog , along with pictures from local TV station , Channel 3000.com :
“ Erma Hershberger was explaining to me today ’s episode of “ Life on an Idyllic Wisconsin Dairy Farm ” .
Around 8 a.m. , she and her husband , Vernon , were finishing up a late breakfast , when a couple of cop cars and a car with two inspectors from the Wisconsin Department of Agriculture , Trade , and Consumer Protection pulled into the driveway .
The sheriff ’s deputies surrounded the store and asked three of the couple ’s teenage children , who were outside , to open the locked doors .
Vernon got on the phone , reached the sheriff ’s office , and complained that the deputies were on private property , and he wanted them removed immediately .
A few minutes later , they sped away , DATCP inspectors in tow .
And a few minutes after that , a DATCP inspector telephone Vernon and asked to set up an appointment to return .
All agreed the DATCP inspectors would come at 10 a.m .
At 10 , Jackie Owens and Cathy Anderson , the DATCP inspectors , were back .
By now , a handful of customers were there , along with Max Kane , the Wisconsin buying club owner whose own civil disobedience case is under appeal .
The DATCP inspectors said they had an “ inspection warrant ” and wanted to enter the store .
The store was locked .
Vernon sat on a camping chair outside the store and relaxed .
“ If you show me where it says in the warrant I have to assist you , I will , ” he told them .
As Max Kane filmed the exchange , Jackie Owens reprimanded him for holding the video camera too close to her .
“ You ’re violating my personal space , ” she told him .
“ So , sue me , ” Max responded .
“ Oh wait , I forgot , you already are suing me . ” Jackie Owens seemed not to appreciate Max ’s humor .
She then told Vernon her crew would be leaving , but promised to return to a state judge and tell him the dairy owner refused to help them do their inspection .
And off the posse went , having been at the dairy less than ten minutes .
“ These repeated visits are very stressful , ” Erma Hershberger told me .
Definitely so .
Normal hard - working citizens like the Hershbergers are n’t used to being targeted by the cops .
Talk about role - reversal .
The Hershbergers , like most of us , expect to call on the police to go after the bad guys .
The police are n’t supposed to be going after the good guys .
And that is a big part of the problem confronting DATCP .
Indeed , this seeming cat - and - mouse game being played out between DATCP and the Hershbergers has a number of intriguing subplots .
First , there ’s the issue of a search warrant .
Now , DATCP has to go back to a judge and try to justify breaking down the doors to the Hershberger farm store .
An alert judge might inquire as to the urgency of such a drastic step .
He might well wonder , are we talking about illegal firearms , or a heroin stash ?
Now , DATCP ideally would love to be able to say that the milk samples they took during their raid last week showed pathogens–a clear danger .
But surely the samples showed nothing , or DATCP would have used that excuse already .
So what do they say now to justify breaking in ?
They may well come up with something about some sort of legal violation of Wisconsin restrictions on raw milk , and get their warrant , but each step up the “ force ” ladder tends to receive ever more judicial examination .
Then there ’s the matter of media attention .
The Madison , WI , area media are following this situation closely , and one Madison TV station seems to have a regular reporter assigned to the case . … ”
Read the whole story on The Complete Patient blog .
If you do n't know the names yongzh and ZodTTD , you can certainly be forgiven , but they 're basically the cell phone emulation dream team -- where the former has been cranking out high - quality Nintendo and Sega emulators for Android , the latter is the one who brought PSX to iPhone iPhone 3GS and the Palm Pre .
Today , we hear they 're collaborating on a PSX emulator for Android that 's running faster than the 3GS version -- before Froyo 's even factored into the equation -- and that when his domination over the PSX is complete , ZodTTD intends to begin work on an Nintendo 64 emulator for Android , and then VLC .
Without letting our enthusiasm get the better of us , let 's just say it 's an exciting time to be an Android owner , to say the least .
THE political commentariat was scathing .
Julia Gillard ’s ‘‘ citizens ’ assembly ’’ to reach a consensus on climate change was ‘ ‘ a joke ’’ said The Australian ’s veteran analyst Paul Kelly .
‘‘ Truly wretched ’’ said Crikey ’s political reporter Bernard Keane .
Sunday
Age election commentator Waleed
Aly today concludes that ‘‘ Gillard is now incapable of taking a political position ’’ on just about anything .
Four weeks after becoming Prime Minister , Ms Gillard — the nation ’s first female prime minister and supposedly feisty left - winger — has bitterly disappointed political commentators of all hues as well as interest groups from the left and right who had expected she would be a reformer or at least offer policy credibility .
‘‘ We give the [ climate change ] policy one star out of five , ’’ says John Connor , of the Climate Institute .
‘‘ We were definitely disappointed by the announcement and the gap between it and a credible policy . ’’
Former leader Mark Latham was equally damning .
The population ‘‘ debate ’’ was no debate at all .
‘‘ It ’s a fraud , ’’ he wrote .
‘‘ It ’s an attempt to con people in western Sydney that she ’s going to do something about congestion . ’’
The consensus is that Gillard has so far run a remarkably cautious campaign , peppered by surprising policy missteps and packaged in focus - group platitudes .
Monash University politics expert Nick Economou argues that it does n’t matter .
The polls look good for Labor , and Gillard is uninterested in the political sophisticates .
Her rhetoric has been honed to appeal to voters in marginal seats worried about issues such as population growth and border security .
‘‘ These things have been carefully constructed to target issues that pollsters have identified as concerns , ’’ Economou says .
Yet what of the substance ?
Here ’s a stocktake , at the beginning of week two .
Mining tax
GILLARD ’S first act was to end Labor ’s toxic row with large miners , declare a truce in the advertising war and enter negotiations .
The result was a deal that appeased three big players — BHP , Rio and Xstrata — with a lower - rate tax , a more realistic definition of ‘‘ super profits ’ ’ and a narrower range of commodities subject to the new regime .
It initially appeared as if the concessions had come at a relatively small cost to taxpayers , with revenue from the tax tipped to fall by just $ 1.5 billion as a result of the compromise .
The release of new budget figures revealed that big miners had , in fact , won $ 7.5 billion in concessions .
The impact on the bottom line would have been more dramatic had Treasury not conveniently inflated its predictions for commodity prices .
The issue is now threatening to flare up again .
Small and mid-tier mining companies , which felt they had been overlooked , are now warning they are ready to unleash a new advertising campaign .
Asylum seekers
DAYS after announcing her mining tax deal , Gillard tackled concern in key marginal electorates about growing numbers of asylum seekers arriving by boat .
Her solution was to announce plans for a regional processing centre , with a strong suggestion it would be located in East Timor .
The plan hit a serious snag when it was revealed that Gillard had barely floated the idea with Dili before announcing it in a speech .
Discussions had involved little more than a short phone conversation with East Timorese President Jose Ramos - Horta .
With the idea rejected in a strongly worded statement issued by the Timorese parliament , Gillard was forced to admit that she had not discussed the plan with East Timor ’s Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao .
She then attempted to deny she had a specific location in mind , before one again seeming to confirm that she was focusing on East Timor .
It was disastrous , creating the impression that Gillard had failed to do her homework in her haste to deal with a political problem , while highlighting her lack of foreign policy experience .
Population
IF THERE has been any vision for the future articulated by Gillard , it is the argument that the nation should not ‘‘ hurtle ’ ’ towards a population of up to 40 million people .
Yet Gillard , who acknowledges ‘‘ this very difficult problem ’’ , stresses ‘‘ this is not an immigration debate ’ ’ , highlighting her own family ’s migration experience to make the point .
The difficulty is that any measure to curtail Australia ’s population would necessarily involve a lower migrant intake , unless she is proposing something akin to China ’s one child policy .
According to some , it is a tacit attempt to link concerns about border protection and boat arrivals to worries about overburdened infrastructure , the environment , housing , health and education .
It remains unclear whether Gillard is arguing for low population growth or just better urban planning .
There have been no specifics so far and no real policy shift from the Rudd period , apart from adding the word ‘‘ sustainable ’ ’ to the job description of Population Minister Tony Burke .
Climate change
FRIDAY ’S attempt at releasing a climate policy was mocked by all sides of the debate and the plan for a ‘ ‘ citizens ’ assembly ’’ ( using randomly selected people from the electoral roll ) has attracted the strongest criticism — a farce , an avoidance of leadership , cowardice in the face of a compelling case for action .
But whether it will anger voters in marginal electorates is another thing .
Economou says such voters are worried about climate change but not if the solution involves higher power bills and increased living costs .
‘‘ This is a debate that is polarised between the cosmopolitan intellectuals who are absolutely convinced of the need for climate change policies and have have been demanding a complex response ... and a big group of voters who are concerned about climate change but are worried they will one day financially have to pay for climate change policy . ’’
Origin of the name " Google "
In 1996 , Larry Page and Sergey Brin called their initial search engine " BackRub , " named for its analysis of the web 's " back links . "
Larry 's office was in room 360 of the Gates CS Building , which he shared with several other graduate students , including Sean Anderson , Tamara Munzner , and Lucas Pereira .
In 1997 , Larry and his officemates discussed a number of possible new names for the rapidly improving search technology .
Sean recalls the final brainstorming session as occurring one day during September of that year .
Sean and Larry were in their office , using the whiteboard , trying to think up a good name - something that related to the indexing of an immense amount of data .
Sean verbally suggested the word " googolplex , " and Larry responded verbally with the shortened form , " googol " ( both words refer to specific large numbers ) .
Sean was seated at his computer terminal , so he executed a search of the Internet domain name registry database to see if the newly suggested name was still available for registration and use .
Sean is not an infallible speller , and he made the mistake of searching for the name spelled as " google.com , " which he found to be available .
Larry liked the name , and within hours he took the step of registering the name " google.com " for himself and Sergey ( the domain name registration record dates from September 15 , 1997 ) .
Mary Leslie knows firsthand how it feels to lose everything .
On their eighth anniversary together , her partner was killed in a tragic accident at a Montana ski resort , where they both worked as instructors .
Despite their years together , Mary was denied access to her partner ’s remains and denied bereavement leave at work .
Mary also faced financial challenges and lost the home she shared with her partner , because her partner left no will and Montana law did n’t recognize their relationship .
Everything Mary ’s partner had went to the rest of her family instead .
Mary also could n’t sue on her partner ’s behalf for the accident , since she was n’t considered family .
Mary struggled through that loss and found love again , and she and Stacey have been together for over 12 years now .
But Mary ’s learned the hard way how vulnerable they are .
As Mary says , “ We know better than anyone that you can lose everything in a moment . ”
Kellie Gibson worked for years at a juvenile detention center , but is now on disability because of a rare brain condition .
She ’s had 56 brain surgeries and over 300 spinal taps over the past 10 years .
Kellie credits her partner of 11 years , Denise , for helping her through : “ She never left me when I was so sick .
I endure her relentless love of sports and she endures my need for dogs .
I love her to infinity and beyond ! ” Kellie and Denise have sacrificed for each other , but Montana still considers them just “ friends . ”
Kellie Gibson worked for years at a juvenile detention center , but is now on disability because of a rare brain condition .
She ’s had 56 brain surgeries and over 300 spinal taps over the past 10 years .
Kellie credits her partner of 11 years , Denise , for helping her through : “ She never left me when I was so sick .
I endure her relentless love of sports and she endures my need for dogs .
I love her to infinity and beyond ! ” Kellie and Denise have sacrificed for each other , but Montana still considers them just “ friends . ”
here .)
They ca n’t ask for marriage under the state constitution , since Montana amended it back in 2004 to exclude same - sex couples from marriage .
But the Mary and Stacey and Kellie and Denise are two of the committed couples on whose behalf the ACLU filed suit today in state court in Montana , seeking protection for their families .
( Read the other plaintiffs ’ stories . )
They ca n’t ask for marriage under the state constitution , since Montana amended it back in 2004 to exclude same - sex couples from marriage .
But the Montana constitution still promises equal protection , due process , and – in a unique Montana provision – the pursuit of life ’s basic necessities , for everyone , including LGBT people .
So they ’re asking for equal protection of their relationships through a domestic partnership system similar to those that exist in California , Oregon , Washington , New Jersey , Nevada , Maine , Colorado , Maryland , and Wisconsin .
Winning domestic partnership protections in Montana will help these families , and many others , when crisis finds them .
It will also play a key role in our quest for fair treatment of our families all across the country .
We and other advocates for LGBT rights have made significant progress on relationship protections at the state level .
Five states plus the District of Columbia now allow same - sex couples the freedom to marry .
Two others recognize marriages of same - sex couples validly entered into in other states .
Five more states provide comprehensive relationship protections through non-marriage systems like civil unions or domestic partnerships .
And five more protect same - sex relationships through more limited domestic partnerships .
At some point in our fight for the freedom to marry , we ’ll have to get help from federal courts or Congress to bring a uniform national rule regarding marriage fairness , because there are some states that just wo n’t get there on their own .
Of course some federal efforts are underway already .
The best way to maximize the ultimate chances of success in those federal efforts is to maximize the number of states that protect our relationships – perhaps especially those states that , like Montana , have marriage amendments .
That is exactly what the lawsuit brought by these couples – the first lawsuit seeking statewide relationship recognition to be brought in a state with a marriage amendment – aims to do .
When Yogi and Boo-Boo Go Bad . . .
The reality is , you have a much greater chance of being flattened by a semi on the way to the trailhead than you do having a problem with a bear once you 're on the trail .
But , unlike the runaway semi , the bear danger is mostly controllable with education and common sense , so you have a responsibility to take sensible precautions and know how to respond to the danger if encountered .
With apologies to old - school SNL , here 's some information and suggestions that should help you in such a case :
About da bears . . .
Avoiding da bears . . .
Do n't feed da bears . . .
Do n't be fed to da bears . . .
About da bears ...
There are two primary types of bears in the United States - black bears and grizzlies .
The latter are found in parts of Alaska , Wyoming , Idaho and Montana .
Although they are on the California flag , they are no longer found in that state .
Black bears are much more common , and are found in most parts of the US with high elevations .
Black bears come in different shapes , sizes and colors .
While they were named for their color , they can also be brown , cinnamon , and black with white patches on their chest , but most black bears are in fact black or a darker shade of brown .
The black bear is approximately 5 to 6 feet from head to tail , and two to three feet high at the withers .
The black bear varies in weight - males from 125 - 550 pounds ; females from 90 - 300 pounds .
Grizzlies are substantially larger and more dangerous .
Other than the size , you can tell the difference between a brown - fur black bear and a grizzly by the snout - the grizzly 's is somewhat rectangular and almost pug-nosed ; the black bear 's is rounder and longer .
Bears are very fast - racehorse fast in fact .
No point in trying to outrun one ; try something else because you 'll lose that race .
Black bears can easily climb trees ; grizzlies usually do n't , but can reach up and grab things - including you - several yards off the ground .
Except during breeding season and while raising their young , bears are generally shy , retiring , solitary animals .
They try to avoid humans and are considered non-aggressive except when injured , protecting their young , or protecting themselves .
The bear is inclined to escape from human presence .
Bears are most active in the cool of the evening or early morning .
During the heat of the day , they will seek shade in dense underbrush .
Grizzlies are less shy than black bears , however .
Bears have a very powerful sense of smell - as in pick out that gum wrapper in your pocket strong - which coupled with strong curiosity can make them an unintentional danger when you 're in the woods .
So , one key to your safety is to minimize the number of encounters .
Here are some suggestions :
Avoiding da bears ...
Bears feel threatened if surprised .
Here are a few hints to help you avoid an encounter :
Hike in a group or make noise as you hike .
Whistle , talk , sing , or carry a noise - maker .
Most bears will leave if they are aware of your presence .
Stay in the open as much as possible .
Be especially alert when traveling into the wind - a bear may not get your scent and be forewarned of your presence .
And , in dense bush and near rushing water , the animal may not hear your noise - maker .
Scoot on along if you come across dead animals or berry patches , important food sources for bears .
Bears mostly eat plant life , but will eat meat when available , and may be nearby .
Leave your dog at home .
Fido might come across a bear and may come running back to you with the bear in pursuit !
Keep children close at hand on trails .
Avoid wearing strong cosmetics , perfumes , hair sprays , and soaps .
Menstruating women should be extra careful .
Bears can pick up the scent of blood .
Set up cooking , eating , and supply areas at least 100 yards from your sleeping area .
Clean utensils and cookware away from your tent as well , and then dump dishwater at least 100 yards from your sleeping area .
Put garbage and leftovers in containers immediately after eating .
The lingering odors of food invite bears , so you do n't want those odors near or in your tent at night .
Change your clothes before going to bed -- do not sleep in the same clothes you cook in , or in the clothes that you carried snacks in during the day .
Treat personal items ( such as deodorants , toothpaste , make - up , soap , and lotions ) just like food as far as storing for the night - any odorous product , including inedible items like candles will attract bears .
Most bear encounters occur in established camp areas when the bears smell food and come looking for the source , especially if they 've had success there in the past .
If the food is well out of the way or inaccessible , there are rarely problems for the campers - the bear loses interest and moves on .
But once a bear finds easy food at a camp , their behavior can quickly become dangerous as they start to expect food from any human camp .
The adage is - a fed bear is usually a dead bear .
Rangers may eventually have to kill a bear that loses its fear of humans or becomes aggressive in camps because of past success at finding food that way .
Do n't feed da bears ...
The National Park Service strongly advises ( and in many cases mandates ) that all backpackers carry and use approved bear - resistant food storage canisters ; supplied bear boxes at camps ; or to hang food on cables at designated camp sites .
If you use a canister , leave it away from your sleeping area .
If a bear finds it , do not risk provoking the bear by attempting to take the container away from the bear .
These containers easily withstand a bear 's pawing , chewing and kicking , so let him have at it .
The bear will eventually lose interest in it and leave it alone .
If you use a food - hanging method , it requires some engineering and unless properly done , most bears can " outsmart " your effort , snagging your food and leaving you hungry until you get out of the woods .
But if you must , here 's a couple of recommended ways to hang food and personal items out of the reach of bears .
1 ) First , start with a stuff sack instead of a plastic bag - one swipe from a paw or a resourceful squirrel or raccoon will dump the contents out of a flimsy plastic bag .
Another option is to rent one of our steel mesh , animal resistant bags .
2 ) Find a branch ideally strong enough to hold your food , but not so strong that a bear could climb out on it .
It should also be positioned such that food hanging from the branch will be a good distance away from the ground ( at least 9 feet ) and at least three feet from the trunk of the tree .
3 ) Tie a rock to one end of a nylon line and toss it over the branch .
Tip - put a rock in a sock or bag first , then tie the sack or bag to the rope - it 's easier that way .
Now you have the line draped over the branch with both ends on the ground .
4 ) Divide your food into equal - weight piles .
Put each pile into sack (s ) .
Tie one pile 's bag (s ) onto one end of the rope and hoist it as high as possible .
While holding the other end of the line down - maybe under your boot , or with the help of a partner - tie the second pile of bags to that end of the line as high as possible .
Leave the excess line outside / on top of the second bag so no rope is hanging down within bear range .
5 ) Now raise the lower bag up .
If you get this just right the upper bag will drop down to the same height as the lower and both will be positioned correctly - balancing each other over the branch and out of harm 's way .
You might have to push the lower bag up with a stick or your hiking poles to get them even .
Get the bags down in the morning by using a branch or your hiking poles to snag the excess rope on the last bag tied , then pull it down , remove it , and let the other bag down .
6 ) Hanging bags this way is simple in concept but pretty tricky and time - consuming in execution .
Finding the right branch can be a problem , and then it takes awhile to get everything hung just right - and you 're often trying all this in the dark and cold .
Tree branches hardly work like greased pulleys - ropes get tangled and do n't move smoothly on rough bark .
And several bags of food and personal items can get heavy .
That 's why we like the bear canisters - sure it's a couple of extra pounds to carry , but it 's a whole lot simpler and quicker to deal with .
See our video on bear canister options .
7 ) Here 's another bag - hanging alternative that is n't quite as preventative as the preceding method , but is quicker and works fine except against the bears with Engineering Degrees .
This way requires a longer rope , but less finagling with the food bags .
You also need two branches maybe 10 feet apart and at least 15 feet high that you can drape the rope over to then suspend the bags between these two branches .
Toss one end of your rope over one branch , pulling all of the rope over to the other side except for enough to tie off the now short end of the rope to another tree as high as possible to anchor it .
Now tie the bags of food to that point along the remaining rope that would be midpoint between the two branches you 've selected .
Then toss the rope over the second branch and pull tight , which should leave the bags suspended high and between the two branches .
Lastly , tie off the remaining end of the rope to a tree , again as high as possible .
Adjust the anchoring points so that the food is between the two branches .
The anti-bear concept here is that the bags will be out of the bear 's reach , but the ropes that hold the bags will not be so close to the food bags as to be associated as such by the bear , and with somewhat less trouble than the first method .
While you 're at it , tie pots to your ropes , so that if a bear starts to yank the ropes in any manner , the loud noise should scare it off .
Here is an additional article on bear - proofing your camp site , along with some diagrams , from another author .
Do n't be fed to da bears ...
What do you do if you 're noisy , odor - free , observant , and careful , but still run into a bear on the trail or in camp ?
Read on . . . .
Despite your best efforts , you may still encounter a bear wandering during its daily travels .
Upon spotting a human , the naturally curious bear will either run away , or stop to check you out .
If you see the bear before it sees you , stay calm and quietly back away .
If the bear has seen you , talk in a soft to normal voice , so the now - curious bear can determine you are a human - that may be enough for it to want to leave .
If a bear rears on its hind legs and waves its nose in the air , it is trying to identify you .
A standing bear is curious , not threatening .
Avoid direct eye contact as bears may perceive this as a threat .
Do n't make any sudden movements , throw anything , or yell .
If necessary , back away slowly to give the bear plenty of room to escape - including the right - of - way on the trail .
Watch the bear for aggressive behavior -- snapping its jaws together , making a " whoofing " sound , or keeping its head down with ears laid back .
Consider any bear that moves toward you aggressive .
If the bear does not seem to be displaying aggressive behavior , talk softly in monotones and slowly back up .
While you 're at it , slowly take off your pack - that may distract the bear for a bit and give you more flexible options if things go bad .
But remember , wild bears rarely attack people unless they feel threatened or provoked .
If a bear charges toward you , make yourself tall and stand still .
Bears often " bluff charge " , and then veer off at the last minute .
But again , do not run - including to the nearest tree unless you are sure you can climb at least 10 feet before the bear reaches you .
Black bears are agile climbers anyway , but may not be inclined to come up after you .
Now 's a darn good time to have bear pepper spray with you .
If a bear roams into your camp at night , and has no food easily accessible , it will probably wander back out in a bit .
If not , you can try to scare them off by making a loud , deep noise , or bang a shoe against a pot .
That 'll probably scare it off .
If the bear tries to get into your tent , yell loudly ( duh ! ) and try to get the heck out ASAP .
Lastly , if attacked by a black bear , do n't play dead , but fight like your life depended on it - it might .
Throw things , kick , yell - whatever you have to do .
Black bears are rarely itching for a fight , and will likely just take off if you fight back - at least that 's the hope , is n't it ?
Grizzlies are a bit different - some experts suggest that you should play dead if attacked by one of those fellers since they tend to fight until the threat is gone .
I guess just hope he 's not too hungry . . . .
Now that you know all this , relax .
Bees , falling trees , too - talkative hikers and lightning are much worse threats than bears .
Do n't you feel better now ?
This page and its contents copyright 2002 - 2019 by lowergear.com .
However , if the information on this page was useful to you , and you would like to link to it from another web page , feel free to do so .
Please contact our camping gear rental office if you have any questions or comments .
My wife and I had saved up a little extra cash for a long - overdue vacation this year .
Living in Vancouver , we wanted to get away from the rain so we were thinking something tropical .
Both my wife and I have been travelers ever since we got out of high school so going down to Mexico or Hawaii seemed like a wasted vacation to us .
Places like those tend to be very acclimatized to tourists and you do n't get any culture shock at all .
I like lying on the beach and drinking fruity drinks as much as the next guy but I could do that here ; mind you it might be a little cold , but I could do it nonetheless .
Both of us wanted something unknown and new but we also wanted to be able to feel like we could relax instead of just having to muscle through our vacation making arrangements and completing tasks so that it went smoothly .
After more than a few arguments we reached a firm decision that we would visit the continent neither of us had been to .
We decided that Africa was where we wanted to go .
I know it 's cheesy but after we had sort of loosely settled on Africa , I saw a little web cartoon about Kenya and it really lit the fire .
The more I dug into the country , the more I seemed to like it .
It had world - renowned golf courses , beaches , hotels and restaurants all in a completely unfamiliar landscape and culture .
Kenya was perfect .
Our trip was incredible and it will go down in history as probably my most enjoyable traveling experience ever .
It was filled with wonder , excitement , relaxation , challenges and plenty of new friends and I do n't think you can get these things anywhere else in the world .
Anyways , I wanted to take a look my trip and outline my 10 favorite parts about being a Canadian in Kenya
10 . Golf
Golfing was something that I wanted to do that my wife was n't necessarily set on .
She has a set of clubs and everything but she does n't really enjoy the activity as much as I do .
We ended up trading activities on certain days so that nobody would get angry due to the compromises made .
We went to the club , joined another couple from Chicago and were absolutely taken aback by the course on the first tee box .
We played the Aberdare Country Club in the Aberdare National Park because any golf course in a national park is bound to be rather beautiful .
Obviously , we had preconceptions of how the scenery would look but absolutely nothing could prepare us for what we actually got .
There were jaw - dropping backdrops with mountains on one side and a forest on the other .
The course was incredibly groomed and the greens were very fast .
The course was n't especially challenging for me but there were definitely more than a couple holes I really wanted to play again just so that I could par them .
Playing a full eighteen here was easily one of the more memorable golfing memories of my life and I dare say the next most beautiful course I 've seen after Pebble Beach .
9 . Beaches
Speaking of the beach , in exchange for the golf , I agreed to spend a day in the sun at the beach during our trip .
I do n't think I had ever been on such a beautiful beach before in my entire life .
Because we were so near the equator , the sun was very high in the sky and the water was as blue as any I had ever seen before .
There were a few other people on the beach with us but they could n't have been within 100 meters in either direction , making this beach experience really quite personal .
It honestly felt like my wife and I had the whole beach to ourselves making the experience much more memorable .
While she lay in an armchair reading a book and soaking up the rays , I did much the same thing but it involved a little bit more drinking and some swimming .
I had to duck back under the umbrella every hour or so to make sure that I did n't completely turn pink .
That proved to be a rather wise decision .
The wife kept getting mad at me for having drinks and going in the water but it was my vacation too and she could swim so I kept doing it .
After all , she was basically in heaven so I was getting away with more than I normally would have been able to .
As the sun set over the landscape behind us , it threw incredibly long shadows of ourselves on the white sands in front of us .
It was an incredible experience to look to the west and see the blue sky and follow it all the way over to the east where the stars were beginning to come out .
The range of colors between the blue West and the black East were the most stunning I had ever seen in my life ; the type of beauty you just can't capture with an image .
8. Diving
We wanted to go diving before we left the East Coast and Mombasa because apparently there were some pretty incredible coral reefs just north of the city .
Diving is an incredible pass - time but I do n't seem to be able to do it as much as I would like .
Life is usually busy and making room for things like diving is n't always easy .
Granted , Vancouver has some of the best diving in the world but the ecosystem I saw when I went underwater off the coast of Kenya was nothing like Vancouver 's waters .
You may argue that diving anywhere is an incredible experience , and I do n't think that I would be able to disagree with you .
However , the things I saw in that wet suit in Kenya were so absolutely beautiful that I would have to say that it is some of the best diving in the world .
The coral reef was teeming with life and I felt like I had gone to another world altogether .
I must have seen thousands of fish that day along with plenty of other plant life , crustaceans and the like .
The wife does n't really like dolphins because she says they get too much attention for how cute they are , but I really loved these creatures when I got to watch them play in the water firsthand .
I really respect how intelligent they are and what they teach us about ourselves so the Dolphins were definitely a highlight of SCUBA diving off the coast of Mombasa , for me at least .
7. Accommodations
Maybe it was just the places we chose to stay but I never got a feeling quite like the one I got when I was staying at a guesthouse in Kenya .
I honestly felt like an old friend of whichever family happened to be running the establishment .
I really enjoyed the feeling I got from staying with these people because even though they were there to serve me , I always felt like they were my friends doing me a favor rather than doing it for money .
They have an incredible way of making you feel like that and it is , in my opinion the greatest part about Kenya .
The rooms we stayed in were nice but they were far from traditional accommodations back at home .
Because we mostly stayed in guesthouses , when we were shown up to our rooms , it really felt like it was our room in the house .
Instantly we felt like a member of the family and that alone is something that can't be reproduced .
These were by no means five - star accommodations but I would rather stay there then any other hotel in the world .
6. Pictures
I do n't think that I 've ever been anywhere in the world that takes pictures as beautifully as Kenya does .
Granted , anybody can shoot a sunset but just seems that Kenya 's sunsets are infinitely more beautiful captured on film and than anywhere else in the world .
Normally , when I go through my pictures after a trip I will end up deleting more than half of them .
This was just not the case with my Kenyan vacation .
Nearly every picture I took was perfect .
The camera just seemed like it wanted to focus better and take pictures of everything I saw .
Every time I would ask a local if I could take their picture , I was greeted with a huge smile and some of the best portraits I 've taken in my life .
The people were absolutely beautiful to photograph and their clothes made our Western clothing all look the same .
Depending on where we were and of which tribe , race or religion my subjects were , women would be wearing huge beautifully decorated head wraps and long wavy dresses adorned with more colors than I knew existed .
Men 's wardrobes were even more varied as some of them would look like they would fit in really nicely in our Western society but some were wearing huge colorful beaded necklaces and long flowing dresses to protect their skin from the intense sun .
A lot of the time , however , you would see these men dressed in traditional African garb carrying a cell phone and a briefcase .
It was an incredible culture shock and the pictures I took home to remember it are the best I have ever taken .
5. Animals
Who goes to Kenya and does n't look for wildlife ?
Although I was n't exactly expecting the Lion King , that was essentially what I got when my wife and I went on a safari in the incredibly stunning plains of the Masai Mara .
Apparently , the migration that happens throughout the year is one of greatest migrations of mammals on the planet .
Millions of wildebeest make up most of the numbers but millions and millions of other creatures on their search or water in the northern Plains joined them .
The Masai Mara national reserve just barely squeaks its northern tip up and into Kenya .
Most of the reserve is in Tanzania but when the animals migrate to find water up north , they come into Kenya .
I must have seen thousands of wildebeests , dozens of zebras and more than a few lions , all struggling to get through life in their natural habitat .
I use struggling lightly because they did n't look as if life was too bad at all , but no matter what for of life you are on this planet , it is a struggle .
Just having to walk thousands of kilometers a year to stay hydrated is more of a struggle than I think I have faced in all of my life so I really respected what these animals had done to survive .
I had never felt more alive and in touch with life as I did then .
Seeing all these animals that I had absolutely nothing in common with made me feel like we were all connected .
I know it sounds cheesy , but those are the best words that I can come up with to describe the feeling I got .
Obviously , trying to describe emotions with words is a trivial pursuit so I wo n't take it any further .
4. Land cruisers
Traveling around Kenya you get to know Land Cruisers pretty well .
At first sight , these Toyota trucks that can be anywhere from 60 years old to brand - new may not necessarily look like something you want to travel across a desert in .
Once your driver and guide gets out and fixes the vehicle with nothing but a bobby pin and his belt , however , you will gain an incredible appreciation for this vehicle .
Driving through Africa is not at all like driving anywhere else in the world .
I got my international drivers license so that I could drive while I was in Kenya but there is no way that I could have done it alone .
The roads were barely even that .
They honestly should not have been called roads because they were more like trails than anything else .
Huge holes would pop up out of nowhere and an experienced driver was definitely needed to know where they were .
I learned very quickly that a 400 km journey would take much much longer than it would have in Canada .
Instead of traveling in excess of 100 km an hour , you would be lucky if you got going 60 or 70 km an hour .
After a solid day of being a passenger in the Land Cruiser , I asked Obuya if he wanted a break .
He said he did n't but was more than happy to offer to let me drive for as long as I could handle it .
It was an incredible feeling driving the Land Cruiser across the plains and deserts of Kenya to get to our destination .
This is going to sound like an advertisement but wearing a white collared shirt with the sleeves rolled up , black Ray - Ban wayfarers , my arm out the driver 's window and the warm , crisp Kenyan air blowing my hair back was one of those moments that will remain frozen in my mind forever .
The Land Cruiser proved to be a formidable friend , almost as reliable as Obuya .
3. Landscape
The Kenyan landscape is absolutely jaw dropping .
Whether you are on the plains of the Masai Mara , hiking Mount Kenya or in Mombasa 's beautiful old city , you are sure to be caught off guard by something completely everyday to the locals but unlike anything you 've ever seen before .
I loved walking through Mombasa 's old town and trying to get lost in its beautifully colored and narrow , crowded streets .
Looking at all the shops in the market and trying my best to ignore salespeople was a surreal experience that can't be replicated anywhere else .
The Arab style houses had a significant amount of influence to the city and I can certainly say that I had never seen anything quite like it before .
Hiking up Mount Kenya was almost as tiring as it was beautiful .
Every time that I thought about turning back , I would just lift my head and take a look at the scenery .
Initially , I thought that this trip to Kenya would be a once - in - a - lifetime thing so I tried to take in all that I could .
When I did end up realizing where I was in the middle of the hike , it always revitalized me and honestly made me happy to be alive and part of this incredible earth .
The lone trees that stood proud on the plains of the Masai Mara made for absolutely incredible foregrounds when the sun was setting .
The incredible amount of wildlife that existed in this area was impossible to not appreciate , but the lands upon which they grazed was really what got me .
For a moment there , I could see and feel the whole ecosystem working together to create this beautiful backdrop .
Never before nor since have I ever experienced anything quite like this and I am eternally grateful form my time there .
2 . The train
After bumming around Nairobi 's streets , alleys , galleries and other tourist attractions for a couple days it was time to make our way to the coast and Mombasa .
I had previously read that the only way to get there was by train .
As I mentioned above , a 530 km trip to the coast in a Land Cruiser takes much longer than it would in Canada .
Not wanting to burn an entire day dealing with the various complications of motor vehicle travel , we decided to take the train .
When I first got on , I had no idea that this would be one of the most beautiful and entertaining train journeys of my entire life .
We left Nairobi just before the sunset and as we went through Nairobi national Park the sun was just finishing its descent below the horizon .
The absolutely stunning park combined with the unparalleled sunset and me and my wife on a 1950s train car created one of the most memorable experiences of my entire life .
The setting was out of a movie and I have n't felt anything like it since .
After the Sunset , we were fed dinner in the dining car and our room was made up while we ate .
The food was incredible and we had the choice of more than just a few different meals .
Service on the train was incredible ; the waiters were the best we had had on the trip , which is really something , the rooms were made up when we got there for bed in the evening and even the person who checked our tickets was abnormally friendly and polite .
At first , I could n't get to sleep .
Not because of the noise or motions created by the train , they proved to be rather helpful later , but I was kept awake by the prospect of being where I was .
I peered out the window as we chugged through Tsavo national Park and stared at the incredible stars above like I had never seen them before .
We were awoken in plenty of time for breakfast and just as we finished , we could see the Indian Ocean coming over the horizon .
It was one of the most beautiful and memorable train rides of my entire life .
1. The People
The first thing I noticed when I stepped out onto the airfield in Nairobi was just how friendly the Kenyans were .
My wife and I were greeted with a huge smile from our guide , Obuya .
He took my wife 's bag but I insisted on carrying my own .
When Obuya told me that it was his livelihood and explained that if everybody carried their own bags , he would n't be able to feed his family .
Finally , I let him carry my bag as well and put it in the back of the truck .
Obuya was an educated man and a great person to talk to about the culture and what to do .
He was an absolute treat to travel Kenya with and I 'm glad I got to spend a lot of my vacation with him .
When we went out to the streets of the city during the day , there were more than a few vendors and because their livelihoods depended on it , they were quite pushy .
I really felt pressured on more than one occasion to buy whatever wares it was the salesman was peddling but never once was I offended or scared in any way .
I felt as if there was a mutual understanding between the salesperson and myself that they needed to do this to maintain their life and when I firmly told them no and walked away , nobody ever followed .
When we went to see the villages at the very edge of the Bush , the people were so incredibly alive that I just can't explain it .
Even though they had so little , they seemed like they had it all .
Everybody wore huge smiles and all the children ran up to play with us as soon as we walked in the village .
Sometimes , when we were supposed to be helping out , our lazy North American attitudes got in the way .
An elder of the village would poke fun at us in front of the rest of the people , which would ultimately get us to work harder .
They knew what they were doing and they had seen hundreds of people just like us before but that did n't make them any less friendly towards us .
Ultimately , I learned a lot about Kenya 's cultures and people and I have to say that if we Canadians were more like Kenyans in some ways , it would be a much friendlier place .
The people were undoubtedly my favorite part of the trip got just one of the reasons that I plan on returning to Kenya numerous times .
Many more absolutely massive smiles were waiting for us at our guesthouse when we arrived .
There was somebody waiting to pull our luggage out of the truck and after saying hello , he brought our things up to the room .
Even just checking in to the guesthouse was a treat .
It really felt like we were staying with a family there rather than staying a place of business because everybody was so warm and genuinely happy that we were there .
Welcome to Contactlenses.co.uk
We are an online retailer specialising in contact lenses plus solutions and accessories and have been online since 1996 and selling contact lenses direct to customers since 2002 .
In that time we have despatched over 4 million orders and we take pride in the fact that over 90 % of orders are from existing , satisfied customers .
We literally started from our spare room and grew from there and still proudly independent ( one of the few ) .
Being online means that customers can also order what they want , when they want , 24 hours a day .
Our huge stock ( over four million contact lenses ! ) results in you getting your contact lenses fast - the order is generally posted within 24 hours , in a letterbox friendly package ( where possible ) delivered to an address of your choosing - not just home , as is often the case with online ordering .
If you would like further information please contact our customer support team who will be happy to help or you can help yourself by searching our user friendly Help Pages .
Tune in – digitally .
Down the latest podcast of the Shannyn Moore Show here !
( CNN ) -- A new U.S. law aims to ensure that smart phones are not helping fund wars in Congo and neighboring countries .
The provision -- tucked in the financial reform bill passed this week -- requires publicly - traded and electronic companies such as Apple and Intel to submit an annual report outlining what they are doing to ensure their minerals are " conflict - free . "
The Democratic Republic of Congo is rich in resources , including cobalt , gold , copper and tantalum .
Some U.S. companies buy minerals used in jewelry , computers and cell phones from the war - ravaged eastern part of the country , where government forces have been battling rebels for years .
Rights groups say profits from the minerals help fund the militants .
The bill does not mention the penalty for using conflict minerals , but says companies will have to certify where their minerals come from and what measures were taken to ensure they did not originate from conflict areas .
Results and disclosures would then be posted on the companies ' websites , according to the bill .
" This is a step in the right direction , " said Frederick Golooba - Mutebi , a senior research fellow at Makerere University in neighboring Uganda , who regularly visits Congo .
" It protects the interests of the Congolese ... a lot of minerals are going to be certified , and the law will do away with fly - by - night businesses and introduce bona fide companies that do n't infringe on the rights of the the people . "
However , he cautioned , there 's still work to be done .
" It may not be a water - tight law , the bigger and better - connected companies can find a way around it , " he said .
" But it will help cut funding to some rebels , especially among smaller companies , and every little thing we can do to fight them helps . "
Golooba - Mutebi said the United States would have to work with Congolese authorities for the law to be effective .
Human rights groups hope other nations will follow suit .
Activists have campaigned against the so - called " conflict minerals " for years , and blame them for funding more than a decade of violence .
The war and its aftermath , including hunger and diseases , have killed at least 5 million people and displaced scores .
Rebels have used sexual violence as a weapon of war , and raped hundreds of thousands of women and girls .
" Funding for armed groups often comes from the sale of minerals -- often to American companies -- from mines the groups control , " said Rep. Jim McDermott , a Democrat from Washington state .
" This legislation will help save thousands of lives and help protect countless women in the Democratic Republic of Congo by cutting off a key source of funding for armed groups . "
The law requires companies to use independent experts to certify whether their minerals are conflict - free .
Texas Republican Joe Barton provokes anger and ridicule over his apology to BP for its treatment by the US government
At the congressional hearing on the tragic Gulf of Mexico oil spill , it was BP chief executive Tony Hayward who was expected to be savaged .
But it was one of Hayward 's inquisitors , Republican congressman Joe Barton , who ended the day fighting to save his own career after making a bizarre " apology " to BP that he was later forced to retract by his own party .
A member of the committee that was questioning Hayward over BP 's failures in the Deepwater Horizon rig explosion and disastrous oil leak , Barton apology made him a laughing stock – and provided a welcome PR gift to President Obama and the Democratic party after weeks of criticism .
In his opening statement , the Texas representative began by apologising to BP for government pressure that led to BP paying $ 20 bn into a special fund to compensate victims of the oil spill :
" I 'm ashamed of what happened in the White House yesterday .
I think it is a tragedy in the first proportion , that a private corporation can be subjected to what I would characterize as a shakedown – in this case a $ 20 bn shakedown . "
Continuing , Barton said :
" I 'm only speaking for myself .
I 'm not speaking for anyone else , but I apologise .
I do not want to live in a county where anytime a citizen or a corporation does something that is legitimately wrong , it is subject to some sort of political pressure that is , again , in my words , amounts to a shakedown .
So I apologise . "
The surprise at Barton 's remarks was heightened after it was revealed the Texas congressman – who once worked as an oilfield engineer – has has received nearly $ 150,000 in donations from an oil company , Anadarko Petroleum , which is a partner with BP in the Gulf oilfield .
The White House was quick to seize on Barton 's comments .
Vice President Joe Biden called Barton 's apology " incredibly insensitive , incredibly out of touch , " while White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said : " It 's hard to tell what planet these people live on . "
Republicans with districts bordering on the Gulf publicly denounced Barton .
" I condemn Mr Barton 's statement .
Mr Barton 's remarks are out of touch with this tragedy , " said Republican Jeff Miller , who represents Pensacola in Florida , which has been hit by the effects of the spill .
According to the Daily Caller , Barton was summoned to a meeting with Republican leaders John Boehner and whip Eric Cantor , and told : " ' Apologise , immediately .
Or you will lose your position , immediately . "
Earlier , Boehner and Cantor had taken the unusual step of issuing a statement criticising Barton , which said bluntly : " Congressman Barton 's statements this morning were wrong . "
As the wave of attacks mounted , Barton returned to the Hayward hearing and told the committee : " If anything I 've said this morning has been misconstrued ... I want to apologize for that ... misconstruction . "
The White House 's Gibbs immediately tweeted : " MICONSTRUCTED ? ! "
Barton 's office then rushed out a further statement that " retracted " his original apology to BP :
" I apologise for using the term ' shakedown ' with regard to yesterday 's actions at the White House in my opening statement this morning , and I retract my apology to BP ...
I regret the impact that my statement this morning implied that BP should not pay for the consequences of their decisions and actions in this incident . "
His apology for the apology came too late to shield Barton from the inevitable ridicule that followed , with one website – joebartonwouldliketoapologize.com – springing up offering further apologies for various historical events , including an apology to Germany over the first world war .
POOL / Reuters / Corbis
Yet another reason why Kim Jong - Il may just be the most talented person on the planet .
After their World Cup loss to Brazil , North Korea ’s coach may need to call up the country ’s Supreme Leader for some advice .
Good thing Jong - Il invented those invisible phones .
From ESPN :
“ Kim Jong - Su , the general secretary of the North Korean FA , has said the Dear Leader gave ‘ in - depth guidance ’ on how to develop the game in the country and the coach himself has claimed he received regular tactical advice during matches , apparently using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye . ”
Jong - Il , a man of many talents , is said to have developed the technology himself .
Before you laugh in disbelief , remember this is the man who scored 38 under par in his first - ever game of golf — with five holes in one — making him the greatest golfer of all - time .
He ’s got skills .
No word yet whether North Korea also has an invisible vuvuzela in the works .
( Check out all the new faces in our Toy Story 3 photo album )
Press Release about Shoutcast Removal in VLC
Update : Warning
We are working with Shoutcast to solve the issue as soon as possible .
Introduction
SHOUTcast Radio is a web site which provides a directory of radio stations avalaible on the Internet .
It provides categorizations of such stations , so it is easier to find one that matches your interest .
According to users feedback , the integration of such directory inside VLC is one of the best features of the software .
Starting from VLC 1.1.0 , the SHOUTcast module is not available on the distributed VLC any longer , because AOL Corporation is hindering Open Source Software .
What happened ?
During the last year , the VLC developers have received several injunctions by e-mail from employees at AOL , asking us to either comply to a license not compatible with free software or remove the SHOUTcast capability in VLC .
Open source integral restriction
The license states at Chapter 4.4 :
" When sold or distributed to End Users , the Integrated Product shall not [...] ( c ) incorporate any Publically Available Software , in whole or in part , in a manner that may subject SHOUTcast Radio or the SHOUTcast Radio Materials , in whole or in part , to all or part of the license obligations of any Publically Available Software .
As used herein , the term " Publicly Available Software " means any software that contains , or is derived in any manner ( in whole or in part ) from , any software that is distributed as free software , open source software or similar licensing or distribution models ; and that requires as a condition of use , modification or distribution that such software or other software incorporated into , derived from or distributed with such software : ( 1 ) be disclosed or distributed in source code form ; ( 2 ) be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works ; or ( 3 ) be redistributable at no charge . "
Forcing spyware and adware
Moreover , the license forces us to integrate the spyware and adware based Shoutcast Radio Toolbar inside your browser as stated at chapter 6.6 :
" Integrated Product .
You agree to promote the SHOUTcast Radio toolbar on your web site and within the documentation of the Integrated Product subject to placement agreed to by You and Nullsoft in writing .
If the Integrated Product is a software download , You agree to bundle the SHOUTcast Radio toolbar with the Integrated Product . "
License incompatibility
Since it is obviously impossible for VLC to comply with such licensing terms , we had to remove the support from the default VLC .
Other free software multimedia players , like Amarok , are not able to comply with the license terms either and have therefore removed their SHOUTcast support .
However , we are providing a way to integrate the " icecast directory " that provides an open source equivalent to SHOUTcast .
If you know and like a radio station currently listed on the SHOUTcast directory , please make sure this radio is also available on the icecast directory and let the radio owner know about how AOL treats their content .
We want to emphasise the fact that features like SHOUTcast or icecast browsing are now doable using our new extension framework and you will find user - contributed extensions on http://addons.videolan.org/
Contact VideoLAN
To contact VideoLAN , see the contact page .
License text
The entire license can be found here : License in pdf
References :
And the answer is …
Yes , give us moar !
New single Want Some More from filthstep artist DatsiK .
The track has a very different sound from traditional DatsiK .
I wonder if fans will like the new direction ?
The track features more vocal samples , more techno sounds and less robotic / mechanical sounds .
I personally feel it ’s a good move , even if it may be a tad risky .
Artists like DatsiK and Excision were being known for their trademark sounds which were becoming very repetitive and overdone .
Stepping out of their comfort zones will definitely make them better producers .
Datsik – Want Some More
I started this website in 2009 as a means of sharing my EDM findings with my friends .
Since then , the website has experienced an explosion in growth that I never once imagined .
This excitement and growth inspires me to make ElectroJams the # 1 source for new electronic music .
Sparknotes Gender Test and Gender Stereotypes
[ caption id= " " align=" alignleft " width = " 134 " caption= " sparknotes : more than just helping you cheat ! " ] [ / caption ]
Ok , the gender test on the Sparknotes website really pisses me off .
Their claim : " Guys and girls are different in ways only we realize .
In fact , without asking about your clohtes , grooming , or chest , our Gender Test will predict , with 100 % accuracy , whether you 're a guy or a girl .
This test 's patented Geni-Tell technology has gotten smarter with every taker .
Finally , witness the true power of the Internet . "
I took the test and , apparently , I am a man :
" Well , deep down , your gender affects everything about you , from your favorite number to your views on Canada .
Many men who took the test think and act just like you , as you can see from the graph above .
Statistically speaking , you are a man — whether you know it or not . "
I 'm not offended .
But really ?
It 's stupid to say that all / most people act and think alike just because of their gender .
I 'm not " statistically " a man .
I 'm not secretly a man just because I think a certain way .
I 'm just a person .
And here 's the picture that went with the results :
Thank you , Sparknotes , for adding more gender stereotypes into the world !
We created a beta firefox plugin for the Oil Spill .
Any mention of BP , the word is blacked out and oil drips down .
These are the current terms it matches on ( case - insensitive ) :
BP ( and BP oil , BP gas , BP worldwide , BP solar , BP global , BP PLC , BP P.L.C. , BP.com )
Transocean ( and Transocean LTD )
British Petroleum
Gulf Oil Spill
Deepwater Horizon ( and Deep Horizon– some blogs have inaccurately mentioned the platform by this name . )
This is what it looks like when installed , when you search for BP .
We made this plugin turn any image taggged with BP to black and white and then under the photo its going to have oil drips .. and if you go to any official BP site , like their twitter , it turns everything black and the text is a dark grey .
also any text that says : “ oil ” will have a underline drips .
Here is a landing page for the project .
http://oil.jess3.com/
We put that page up this morning and people are liking it , http://search.twitter.com/search?q=bp+firefox
A popular tweet is “ Want BP to fuck up your browser like they ’ve fucked up the Gulf ?
Install the Oil Spill Firefox plugin from @jess3 “
http://www.ecrans.fr/BP-pollueur-pollue-sur-le-web,10034.html
We have been getting a lot of love from the media too ,
This is what this blog post looks like with the plug - in installed
Tags : oil
Mentally competent adults generally have a constitutional right to refuse medical treatment , even when they would likely to die as a result .
But how are courts to determine whether the adult is mentally competent , especially when the refusal of treatment seems to be motivated by the person ’s belief that God will save her and thus she wo n’t actually die ?
That ’s the issue in In re Matter of J.M. ( N.J. Super. Ct. ) , just released earlier this month .
Here are some excerpts :
A patient has capacity to consent to medical treatment if she can reasonably understand her condition , the effect of the proposed treatment , and the risks of both undergoing and refusing the treatment .
In re Conroy , 98 N.J. 321 , 382 ( 1985 ) .
Of the three psychiatrists who testified , two of them determined J.M. lacked capacity to refuse dialysis .
Dr. Psemar indicated J.M. does not acknowledge the risk of refusing dialysis .
She demonstrated anxiety , depression , and an inability to problem - solve .
Dr. Dealwis testified J.M. did not believe she would die if not treated , and therefore , was not making a reasoned decision to choose death over dialysis .
They both believed that because she did not understand the likely consequences of refusing treatment , she lacked capacity to make decisions about her health .
The dissenting psychiatrist , Dr. Scham , acknowledged that he is not an expert in competency evaluations and only does five to six of them every year .
He said J.M. ’s mental status is clear and she has adequate judgment , but he also acknowledged her views were inconsistent in that she accepted blood transfusions and resuscitation , but not dialysis .
Dr. Scham believed that J.M. understood she would die without dialysis , yet he also testified J.M. stated “ God would save her . ”
When J.M. herself testified , she asserted that she would not die without dialysis because Jesus would save her… .
A competent patient is able to choose his course of treatment even if his medical decision may seem irrational or unsupported by medical evidence .
[ Footnote : New Jersey courts have ruled that a patient found to be competent and aware of the consequences of her decision may exercise her right to refuse treatment for any reason , including when treatment violates the tenets of her religion .
Further , guardians of incompetent patients must consider the tenets of a patient ’s religion when determining the proper course of treatment .
J.M. ’s refusal of treatment was not premised upon an established tenet of her religion precluding certain medical procedures , as evidenced by her consent to all other medical treatment and her pastor ’s attempt to convince her to undergo dialysis .
As a result , her belief that God would save her does not preclude her from being found incompetent , nor does the appointed guardian need to act on that professed belief . ]
If a patient is unable to understand the consequences of the decision , however , that patient is unable to give informed consent and is therefore incapacitated .
The Court found , by clear and convincing evidence , that J.M. does not have the capacity to make a decision regarding dialysis .
She had no long - lasting psychiatric disability , but rather demonstrated a lack of understanding of the high risk of death without dialysis .
She refused to acknowledge the risk inherent in her refusal of treatment and through her other medical choices had demonstrated an unequivocal desire to live .
grlilgirls Veteran Member
Join Date : Apr 2008 Posts : 1,086 Thanks : 8,819 Thanked 99,970 Times in 1,178 Posts
Set with rock group
I will be publishing what else I have of LB 's work , ordered by the different shoots .
For various shoots there are various sources .
An example is shown here .
The appealing set with 70s flavour of two great girls taking being a fan of this rock group to a different level !!
The pictures are my own scans from old Chick magazines plus one from Prince # 8 .
In that magazine ( full of LB 's work that I will show later ) this picture is shown as a teaser for the next issue .
And indeed : the last picture is a ( sadly lo-res ) picture from Prince # 9 ( for sale on Rodox website for 80 Euro ! ) .
Also there are some card from the " Hippies cards " that were posted on this forum earlier .
Anyway , here you go :
Great , are n't they ?
The question to you is of course : do you have any other pics from this set that you can share ?
A copy of Prince # 9 would be great , as all sets in that mag are LB 's work .
I 'm wishing and hoping !
But , enjoy , in the meantime ,
jj
This is now turning into a serious research project .
I will be publishing what else I have of LB 's work , ordered by the different shoots .
For various shoots there are various sources .
An example is shown here .
The appealing set with 70s flavour of two great girls taking being a fan of this rock group to a different level !!
The pictures are my own scans from old Chick magazines plus one from Prince # 8 .
In that magazine ( full of LB 's work that I will show later ) this picture is shown as a teaser for the next issue .
And indeed : the last picture is a ( sadly lo-res ) picture from Prince # 9 ( for sale on Rodox website for 80 Euro ! ) .
Also there are some card from the " Hippies cards " that were posted on this forum earlier .
Anyway , here you go : Great , are n't they ?
The question to you is of course : do you have any other pics from this set that you can share ?
A copy of Prince # 9 would be great , as all sets in that mag are LB 's work .
I 'm wishing and hoping !
But , enjoy , in the meantime , jj
Death penalty for corruption to remain for now
By Guan Xiaomeng ( Chinadaily.com )
Updated : 2005-09-02 17:25
Officials with the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) , China 's top legislative body have denied discussions are under way to abolish the use of capital punishment for those involved in serious economic crimes .
Punishments for such non-violent offenses have long been in the legal limelight in China with many speculating legislators would move to abolish the most serious punishment under the law - the death penalty - in the most egregious cases .
The speculation , countered in statements by Premier Wen Jiabao , remains inconsistent with the current domestic criminal legislative and jurisdictional practices .
It also does not reflect the current fundamental realities in the country , officials said , echoing Wen .
A spokesman for the Supreme People 's Court explained that though the death penalty will for the long term be preserved , application of the punishment is under tighter scrutiny than ever to reduce the number of death sentences .
Courts are acting cautiously when conducting trials on those possibly facing the penalty .
