I am 42 years old and have nine children .
I am a boss with boats operating in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean .
I finished high school and wanted to go to university but there was no money .
So I became a fisherman in Eyl in Puntland like my father , even though I still dreamed of working for a company .
That never happened as the Somali government was destroyed [ in 1991 ] and the country became unstable .
At sea foreign fishing vessels often confronted us .
Some had no licence , others had permission from the Puntland authorities but did not want us there to compete .
They would destroy our boats and force us to flee for our lives .
I started to hijack these fishing boats in 1998 .
I did not have any special training but was not afraid .
For our first captured ship we got $ 300,000 .
With the money we bought AK - 47s and small speedboats .
I do n't know exactly how many ships I have captured since then but I think it is about 60 .
Sometimes when we are going to hijack a ship we face rough winds , and some of us get sick and some die .
We give priority to ships from Europe because we get bigger ransoms .
To get their attention we shoot near the ship .
If it does not stop we use a rope ladder to get on board .
We count the crew and find out their nationalities .
After checking the cargo we ask the captain to phone the owner and say that have seized the ship and will keep it until the ransom is paid .
We make friends with the hostages , telling them that we only want money , not to kill them .
Sometimes we even eat rice , fish , pasta with them .
When the money is delivered to our ship we count the dollars and let the hostages go .
Then our friends come to welcome us back in Eyl and we go to Garowe in Land Cruisers .
We split the money .
For example , if we get $ 1.8 m , we would send $ 380,000 to the investment man who gives us cash to fund the missions , and then divide the rest between us .
Our community thinks we are pirates getting illegal money .
But we consider ourselves heroes running away from poverty .
We do n't see the hijacking as a criminal act but as a road tax because we have no central government to control our sea .
With foreign warships now on patrol we have difficulties .
But we are getting new boats and weapons .
We will not stop until we have a central government that can control our sea .
Stumped on what to get that special someone ?
Old ideas to consider - or perhaps avoid .
( Newser ) – Indian police plan to inject a controversial truth serum into the lone surviving Mumbai terrorist to try to prove his identity , reports the London Times .
The narcotics - powered analysis could yield proof that the so - called " baby - faced gunman " is indeed from Pakistan , which India suspects but Pakistan doubts .
Western agencies stopped using the method — usually a form of sodium pentathol — during the Cold War because of psychological side effects such as hallucinations and delusions .
Interrogators say the 24 - year - old has been " verified " to be from rural Pakistan , but President Asif Ali Zardari said he is skeptical .
An established link to the nuclear rival could force Pakistan to take action or face a US backlash .
Indian police say they have recovered Pakistani grenades from the rubble and have ample other evidence .
( Read more police interrogation stories . )
Church of Scientology Prevents Sale of Critic 's Book in the UK British bookstores , and the British arm of the online retail site Amazon , have been forced to pull the sale of a new book critical of the Church of Scientology " for legal reasons " , according to an email sent by Amazon to customers who have ordered the book .
A new exposé by former Irish Scientologist , John Duignan , titled " The Complex : An Insider Exposes the Covert World of the Church of Scientology " ( ISBN # 1903582849 ) has recently been released in Ireland , and garnered much press coverage there and in the UK , including The Sun [ 1 ] and The Irish Mail on Sunday [ 2 ] .
Duignan , who joined Scientology in 1985 and quit in 2006 , writes of his experience in Scientology ’s elite Sea Organization , and details the conditioning that made him prepared to kill on behalf of the cult that famously claims actor Tom Cruise as one of its members .
During Duignan's 21 years in Scientology , he was subjected to harsh indoctrination tactics , paid less than $ 50 a week for 40 hours of work , and witnessed the ' Rehabilitation Project Force ' , the Scientology organisation 's network of forced - labour detention centres . [ 3 ]
The Scientology organisation has a lengthy track record of litigation and censorship .
Earlier this year , the Scientology organisation threatened to sue online magazine Gawker for posting an embarrassing video of Tom Cruise extolling the virtues of Scientology . [ 4 ]
In 2006 , Tom Cruise prevented the airing of a rerun of the “ South Park ” episode , “ Trapped In The Closet , ” which poked fun at the actor and Scientology .
[ 5 ]
Journalist Paulette Cooper was subject to a similar campaign of intimidation .
Cooper wrote a critical book , " The Scandal of Scientology " , in 1971 .
Cooper proceeded to face harassment by the Scientology organisation , and was even framed for bomb threats by the organisation itself , through a campaign Scientology called “ Operation Freakout . " [ 6 ]
Duignan is reported to be " furious and dismayed " at Scientology 's attempts to censor his work , but " not at all surprised given the Church 's record on freedom of expression " .
While “ The Complex ” remains unpublished in the UK , it may be bought from the bookstore Eason in Ireland . [ 7 ]
The book 's publisher in Ireland , Merlin Publishing , can be contacted through their website [ 8 ] or by phone ( 3531-4535866 )
###
References :
1 . http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/woman/real_life/article1881317.ece
2 . http://forums.whyweprotest.net/602259-post1/
3 . http://www.orato.com/current-events/2008/01/29/scientology-039-s-fanatical-military
4 . http://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/28/business/media/28cruise.html
5 . http://www.theregister.co.uk/2006/01/19/south_park_axed/
6 . http://www.radaronline.com/exclusives/2007/06/writer-i-was-stalked-by-scientologists.php
7 . http://www.eason.ie/look/9781903582848/Complex/John-Duignan
8 . http://www.merlinwolfhound.com
For more information on Anonymous , Chanology , and the Church of Scientology please visit these websites :
http://www.whyweprotest.net
http://www.endthecult.com
http://www.exscientologykids.com
© AlaskaReport.com
All Rights Reserved .
Using a CO2 emissions scenario based on our 2008 Olduvai Assessment combined with MAGICC , we estimate that global average temperatures may peak at around 1.6ºC above 1990 values toward the end of this century .
Other climate models may produce temperature outcomes higher or lower than this .
Rather surprisingly , IEA WEO 2008 does not provide any data on fossil fuel reserves and production forecasts to 2100 to back up this claim .
Instead , it chooses to rely upon fossil fuel reserve figures underlying the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) models .
Furthermore , using MAGICC ( climate temperature model ) , and the default climate sensitivity constants , we are unable to reproduce the outcome of as much as a 6 ºC increase .
Page 382 : As emissions of greenhouse gases build up in the atmosphere faster than natural processes can remove them , their concentrations rise .
The Reference Scenario puts us on a path to doubling the aggregate concentration in CO2 equivalent terms by the end of this century , entailing an eventual global average temperature increase up to 6 ºC .
CO2 emissions from Energy in the overall emissions panorama
Part 3 of the IEA WEO 2008 report starts by characterizing the expected increase in CO2 emissions from energy usage from now until 2030 .
This is apparently done based on demand forecasts , without any adjustment for fossil fuel reserves and / or production constraints .
CO2 emissions from energy usage are thus projected to grow from 28 Gt in 2006 to 41 Gt in 2030 - –an increase of 45 % .
The outlook for the complete greenhouse emissions scenario is given as follows ( page 381 ) :
World greenhouse - gas emissions , including non-energy CO2 and all other gases , are projected to grow from 44 Gt CO2 - equivalent in 2005 to 60 Gt CO2 - eq in 2030 , an increase of 35 % over 2005 .
The share of energy related CO2 emissions in total greenhouse - gas emissions increases from 61 % in 2005 to 68 % in 2030 .
The growth in energy related emissions is projected to come mainly from outside the OECD , with coal accounting for the bulk of the growth .
CO2 emissions from energy usage in the OECD are projected to remain flat until 2030 .
Worldwide CO2 emissions per capita are forecast to grow , with the non-OECD countries increasing toward OECD levels .
Non-energy related emissions are expected to increase more slowly than those related to energy usage .
Industry and land - use represent the lion 's share of these emissions , with gas flaring and cement production the next in importance .
In the period to 2030 , non-energy related emissions are forecast to grow mainly because of methane from wastewater , ruminants , coal mines and leaking pipelines .
Long - term CO2 emission scenarios
After a characterization of CO2 emissions by sector , the report goes on to forecast long term overall emissions of greenhouse gases and their impact on climate , something included for the first time in the report .
To forecast long term overall emissions , the IEA used the latest version of MAGICC to model the carbon cycle until 2100 .
The atmospheric concentration of greenhouse gases is expressed in two ways : CO2 in parts per million ( ppm ) and total gases in ppm of CO2 - equivalent .
Today 's concentrations are given as 385 ppm for CO2 and 445 ppm CO2 - eq .
The report describes the emissions Reference Scenario on page 401 :
Our projected increase in energy - related CO2 emissions to 2030 lies in the middle of the range of CO2 - equivalent emissions scenarios that have been modelled , assuming an absence of new climate policies ( IPCC , 2007 ) , with respect to both emissions and concentrations ( Figure 16.16 ) .
Most of these scenarios project emissions to continue to rise during this century .
The projected CO2 emissions are also consistent with model outputs of concentrations from MAGICC ( Version 5.3 ) .
Atmospheric CO2 concentrations by around the end of next century are in line with the 660 to 790 ppm CO2 ( 855 to 1 130 ppm CO2 - eq ) ranges assessed from the five scenarios considered ( IPCC , 2007 ) .
This leads to a temperature rise above pre-industrial levels of about 6ºC .
The fossil fuel consumption underlying the emissions reference scenario is not provided either graphically or numerically ; the only projections presented are those shown in Figure 16.16 .
This shows the IEA reference case scenario to 2030 and the IPCC ( 2007 ) scenarios range .
One might expect that the International Energy Agency would have provided the IPCC an energy scenario to work with .
Instead , very surprisingly , the reverse has happened .
The IPCC , a body that has little expertise in energy matters , has selected energy scenarios to use in its models , and the IEA has accepted without question the scenarios used by the IPCC .
The IEA Ultimate Recoverable Reserves
The emissions range presented ( Figure 16.16 ) has been converted into annual fossil fuel consumption figures and is compared in Figure 1 with the data gathered for the Olduvai Assessment presented on The Oil Drum in February 2008 .
Figure 1 – Carbon emissions from energy consumption ( expressed as giga tonnes carbon ) .
The blue line in all charts is de Sousa and Mearns ' 2008 Olduvai Assessment .
The energy scenarios range used by the IPCC and copied by the IEA are represented here as a low case and a high case , corresponding to the boundaries of the range .
While the Olduvai scenario remains within the range up to 2025 , it afterwards evolves below the IPCC / IEA 's forecasts .
The low case scenario peaks by 2070 .
At that time , the cumulative fossil fuel production is 1200 Gtoe ; it surpasses 1600 Gtoe by 2100 .
The high case scenario enters a plateau that implies yearly fossil fuels production of 30 Gtoe ( triple of today ) with cumulative production exceeding 2600 Gtoe by 2100 .
Figure 2 – Cumulative fossil fuel production associated with various CO2 estimates .
The ultimate recoverable reserves ( URR ) used for these scenarios can be calculated to be around 2400 Gtoe for the low case ( considering a mid-point of depletion at the peak in 2070 ) and at least 4400 Gtoe for the high case ( considering immediate decline after 2100 ) .
These numbers are higher than fossil fuel reserve assessments based on geological data , dwarfing for instance those presented in the Olduvai assessment ( 1050 Gtoe ) or those published by BP in its annual Statistical Review of World Energy .
Figure 3 – Ultimate Recoverable Reserves from the IEA 's scenarios compared with other estimates .
Note that the IEA estimates are based upon the CO2 emissions scenarios of the IPCC .
In 2001 , Jean Laherrère delivered a report at a conference of International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis calling for a serious review of oil reserves by climate modellers working for the IPCC .
So far , that call has been left unanswered .
Last year Professor Kjell Aleklett wrote an article , once more stressing that the fossil fuel reserve estimates used by the IPCC are not realistic , even when compared with the industry 's numbers .
Impacts on climate
MAGICC was used to assess the expected temperature increase arising from the production of fossil fuels at the rates identified in the Olduvai Assessment .
The program was run with the default climate sensitivity parameters .
Non-energy related emissions were based on Tom Wigley 's latest WRE profiles ( kindly provided by Professor David Rutledge ) .
Two other runs were performed , one for each of the energy emissions ' boundary scenarios presented by the IPCC / IEA .
The results are presented in Table 1 .
Table 1 – Atmospheric CO2 concentrations and temperature increases by 2100 for each scenario according to MAGICC .
CO2 ( ppm ) Temp . ( ºC ) de Sousa & Mearns ( *) 460 1.6 IEA low 645 2.5 IEA high 940 3.5 ( * ) after peaking at 470 ppm by 2075 .
Using geology - based fossil fuel resource data , the atmospheric concentration of CO2 peaks before the end of the century , while both of the IPCC / IEA scenarios show concentrations still increasing until 2100 .
The range resulting from the IPCC / IEA 's boundaries is relativity large and matches the 700 ppm figure pointed out at the opening of Chapter 16 .
Figure 4 – Atmospheric CO2 concentrations throughout the 21st century for the emissions scenarios in Figure 1 , as calculated by MAGICC 5.3 .
As for temperatures , the picture is not as clear .
The output of MAGICC 5.3 indicates an increase of 2.5 ºC to 3.5 ºC over 1990 levels by 2100 , quite far from the 6 ºC indicated in the WEO 2008 report .
Using the data from the Olduvai assessment , temperatures stabilize at 1.6 ºC above 1990 levels after 2085 .
Note that in order to compare the fossil fuel emissions scenario of the Olduvai Assessment with those presented by the IEA , we have used the default sensitivity constants used in MAGICC .
This does not mean that we agree with these constants .
It should also be noted that modeling global average temperature change based on variations in CO2 is imprecise and that a number of different climate models exist that produce different results .
MAGICC has been used by the IPCC in its reports and tends to produce results towards the mid of this range .
Figure 5 – Temperatures increases during the 21st century for the emissions scenarios in Figure 1 , as calculated by MAGICC 5.3 .
How does the discrepancy arise between the IEA projected temperature described in the report and the indications reported here using their data and the MAGICC simulation ?
Given that the CO2 concentrations in the report and the simulation seem to match , we can propose two hypotheses :
The 6 ºC refers to a later date , in a simulation where large amounts of fossil fuels continue to be available unconstrained throughout the 22nd century and maybe beyond ;
The climate sensitivity parameters used by the IEA were different from those used by default in MAGGIC .
MAGGIC incorporates a logarithmic temperature response function to CO2 concentrations .
With this function , each doubling of CO2 increases temperature by a fixed amount .
This amount is by default 2.6 ºC , taken from the IPCC's Third Assessment Report .
Because of this relationship , in order to increase temperatures 2.6 ºC above pre-industrial levels atmospheric CO2 , concentrations have to reach circa 560 ppm ; for an increase of 6 ºC , close to 1500 ppm are needed .
Figure 17.3 on page 414 shows a CO2 concentration graph that extends to 2200 .
It shows stabilization of CO2 around 775 ppm for the reference scenario after 2175 .
In order for this scenario to produce an increase of 6 ºC , the climate sensitivity parameter used must have been around 4.1 ºC per doubling of CO2 .
Were that the case , the CO2 concentration increase of 70 ppm during the 20th century would have resulted in a temperature increase of 1.3 ºC , almost double that observed so far .
The Policy Scenarios
In Chapter 17 , the report lays down two policy scenarios intended to reduce the long term atmospheric CO2 concentrations resulting from the emissions projected by the Reference Scenario .
The objectives of such scenarios are explained in page 410 :
There is no international consensus as yet on a long - term stabilization or emissions objective , or on the emissions trajectory to its attainment .
Nonetheless , international discussions are increasingly centred on a stabilization level that ranges between 450 and 550 CO2 - eq .
According to the IPCC's Fourth Assessment Report , stabilization at 450 pp CO2 - eq corresponds to a 50 % chance of restriciting the increase in global average temperature to around 2 ºC , while stabilization at 550 ppm yields a rise of around 3 ºC ( compared with 1 000 ppm and up to 6 ºC in the Reference Scenario ) .
This Outlook analyses the implications for the energy sector of international and national policy action to achieve these stabilisation levels in a 450 Policy Scenario and a 550 Policy Scenario .
Again , these relations between projected temperature and CO2 allude to a climate sensitivity parameter much higher than what the IPCC used in its assessment reports and that used as default in MAGICC .
The report goes on to consider the “ transformation ” the energy sector should undergo to support such scenarios .
More efficient energy sources usually take long periods of time to enter the market , because the sector has a slow rate of capital replacement .
This is especially the case in the electricity sector , where fossil fuel power plants require large upfront investments .
Policies to reduce CO2 emissions would result in costly early retirement of infrastructure .
Page 414 notes that these two scenarios would require global participation , including both OECD and non-OECD countries .
This is justified by the expected energy consumption growth outside the OECD , especially in Asia .
Energy related emissions from non-OECD countries already surpass those from within the OECD , making any policy scenario without global participation pointless .
In the 550 Policy Scenario , emissions are required to level out around 2020 and start declining after 2030 .
The 450 Policy Scenario requires an immediate and sharp decline in emissions after 2020 .
In the later scenario , CO2 concentrations are actually allowed to temporarily surpass the 450 ppm target , stabilizing at that level only in the 22nd century .
According to the IEA , any scenario preventing concentrations from reaching those levels is unlikely , because the infrastructure needed to comply with it could n't be deployed in time .
As in the previous chapter , the energy related CO2 emissions underlying the Policy Scenarios are not made available beyond 2030 , and once again the IEA report uses the energy scenario ranges from the IPCC instead ( figure 17.4 from page 415 ) .
The following figures compare these scenarios with the data assessed for the Olduvai Assessment .
Figure 6 – The IEA 's 550 Policy Scenario compared with the emissions based on the Olduvai Assessment .
Click for large version .
Figure 7 – The IEA 's 450 Policy Scenario compared with the emissions based on the Olduvai Assessment .
Click for large version .
It is interesting to note how the Olduvai scenario falls right in the middle of the 550 Policy Scenario range , with emissions going into decline visibly earlier than the high boundary curve .
Comparing to the 450 Policy Scenario range , the Olduvai curve stays close to the high range up to 2030 , diverging afterwards .
But these graphs which extend only to 2100 do not show the complete picture .
By end of the 22nd century , with the data used in the Olduvai assessment , CO2 concentrations ( from all emitting sources ) decline to 410 ppm , which is actually below what the report depicts in Figure 17.3 ( page 414 ) .
The main difference between the IEA 450 Policy Scenario and what should be expected from the unconstrained use of fossil fuels reserves in the Olduvai Assessment is the length of time CO2 concentrations stay above 450 ppm .
Earlier work on The Oil Drum indicates that different patterns in coal reduction can be obtained by differing energy policies .
( See end notes ) .
Since coal is the fossil fuel farthest away from production decline , an approach of this type may help keep CO2 within desired parameters .
Conclusions
The IEA presents a scenario for future fossil fuel use , based on doubtful reserves and production estimates that are significantly higher than the figures both the energy industry and independent researchers have assessed .
This cheerful view of Man 's energy future is never set forth by the IEA in clear numbers or graphs .
Instead , it is hidden behind scenarios provided by a third party ( the IPCC ) whose object of study is not energy .
Throughout these chapters , the IEA refers to potential climate impacts that imply a CO2 sensitivity parameter that is higher than that assessed by the IPCC and used by default in the temperature modelling software used .
Such high sensitivity is incompatible with the empirical relationship between global temperatures and CO2 concentrations in recent decades .
These inconsistencies undermine much , if not all , the recommendations implicit in the 450 and 550 ppm policy scenarios .
Our 2008 Olduvai Assessment suggests that CO2 emissions will fall this century with the exhaustion of fossil fuel reserves .
This alone will provide the desired outcomes of the 450 and 550 ppm scenarios , without burdening the OECD and non-OECD countries with artificial constraints on their energy use .
The fossil fuel reserves and production estimates underlying our Olduvai Assessment are those produced in good faith by third parties ( Samuel Foucher , Jean Laherrere , the Energy Watch Group and David Rutledge ) .
We would be the first to agree that there are significant uncertainties in these data , and that these alone should not be used uncritically to plan the future energy supplies and CO2 emissions of mankind .
The IEA should provide to us - their OECD clients - with their verifiable data on earth 's oil , natural gas and coal reserves so that mankind 's energy future and environmental impact can be properly modeled and forecast .
WEO 2008 falls well short of this basic requirement , choosing instead to recycle dubious fossil fuel reserve estimates , and to draw similarly dubious conclusions about climate change from these , when their focus should be firmly fixed upon energy decline and growing energy poverty within the OECD .
Acknowledgement
The authors would like to thank Professor David Rutledge , California Institute of Technology , for data and advice provided during the preparation of this report .
Previous work at TheOilDrum
The Coal Question and Climate Change
Implications of " Peak Oil " for Atmospheric CO2 and Climate
Appendix
The files used to run the MAGICC simulations can be downloaded from the following links :
Olduvai
IEA low
IEA high
To be used by MAGICC the files ' extension have to be changed to “ .gas ” .
( Fortune ) -- Scott Adams , creator of the comic - strip Dilbert , spent so many years in corporate middle management that his characters and story lines resonate with just about anyone who works for a big company .
A college economics major because he " had heard good things about something called money , " Adams ' business career got off to a dicey start .
He took a job after graduation as a teller at a bank in downtown San Francisco , where he was robbed at gunpoint twice in six months .
That inspired him to join a management training program .
Adams left banking when his then - boss " told me the company already had too many generic white guys in senior management , and promoting me would only make things worse . "
He now owns two California restaurants , one of which he manages as a sideline to drawing Dilbert .
His latest book , Dilbert 2.0 : 20 Years of Dilbert ( Andrews McMeel Publishing , $ 85 ) is a huge compendium of over 2,000 comic strips , some never published before .
Some excerpts from our recent conversation :
Q . In what specific ways has the average workplace gotten worse since you started drawing Dilbert ?
A . One thing that 's definitely worse is that employers have a much greater ability to monitor employees ' every move .
They can count the keystrokes on your computer , keep track of where you go on the Internet , and so on .
It 's creepy .
But the big macro change now is , employers are a lot nicer when the economy is strong , because they know you have choices and can go elsewhere if they do n't keep you happy .
When times are bad , the gloves come off and employers are less nice .
People become disposable .
Q . Is there any advice you 'd like to give any human resources people who might be reading this ?
A. I try to avoid giving advice .
But I wrote a book a while ago called The Dilbert Principle , about how I think the ideal workplace would be organized .
If you do n't have a lot of money to give people , then give them two other things .
One is flexibility .
Allow people to have a life outside of work .
Does an employee have a reasonable chance of leaving the office on time , which I define as 5 p.m.?
I mean , is that extra hour or two or three that people put in , in the evening , really necessary ?
And second , give them at least half an hour every day to learn something they do n't already know .
Lots of surveys of employee happiness show that keeping people happy in their jobs really is n't so much about money anyway , it 's about these other things that many companies do n't think to offer .
Work is like the rest of life .
The best parts are free .
Q. If Catbert were a real HR person , how would he lay someone off ?
What would he say ?
A . In one comic I had the boss go up to Ted , who gets fired over and over again in my strips , and say , " Knock , knock . "
And Ted says , " Who 's there ? "
And the boss says , " Not you anymore . "
Catbert usually does or says whatever is most cruel and heinous , so he would come up with something nastier than that .
But you know , things are so bad now that parody gets difficult .
It 's hard to think of things that are worse than what actually happens .
Q. If Dilbert were real , would he still have a job ?
A. No .
I 'm drawing a series right now where he gets laid off and he has to go through a really tough bunch of interviews to try and get another job .
At one point he is asked whether he would take a bullet for a prospective employer and they make him go to a firing range to prove it .
Q. Is it just my imagination , or are many of the people at the very top of huge corporations really dumber than they were 20 years ago ?
A . The goal of the people at the top now is to create what I call confusopolies .
The barriers to entry to almost any business are so low now - any company can get into any business , just invest some capital and get your product made cheaply in China or somewhere - so everything is basically a commodity .
So you have to make your product so complicated that people will pay more for it , just because they are awed by the complexity of it .
This is what happened on Wall Street .
You know , before the big meltdown , somebody asked Warren Buffett to explain how certain derivatives and credit - default swaps worked and he said he did n't understand them - and , although he was too modest to say so , what he was implying was that , if he did n't understand them , then nobody did .
Well , that turned out to be true .
The big investment banks were the ultimate confusopolies .
Q . When do you think we will see an economic recovery ?
A. I always worry that our past successes were mostly due to luck , that we just happened to invent something the world needed at the time .
For example , the birth of the automobile , or the rise of the Internet - some specific technology that becomes the centerpiece of the economic world and lifts us out of the doldrums .
I do n't really see anything like that on the horizon right now .
Everyone 's looking at " green " technologies , which makes me think it 's not going to be that , it 's going to be something else entirely that no one expects .
Or maybe it 's going to be nothing and those past breakthroughs were just flukes .
Q. I know you do n't like to give advice , but do you have any general thoughts on how to cope with hard times ?
A . The best plan now is to have as many bosses as possible .
I call it boss diversity .
If you work for a company and you have one boss and that boss does n't like you or wants to get rid of you , you 're in trouble .
But if you work for yourself , you have lots of bosses , who are your customers , and if a few of them decide they do n't like you , that 's okay .
You can get new ones .
Boss diversity is the one kind companies do n't talk to you about , but it can save your career .
Readers , what do you think ?
Is Dilbert right about the state of the workplace ?
Are flexibility and the chance to learn new things more important than making more money ?
Have you ever worked for a confusopoly ?
Post your thoughts on the Ask Annie blog .
So you think you ’ve got it bad this holiday season ?
Here ’s a story that will put things in perspective for you , no matter how grim your job prospects or how invisible your shrinking retirement fund .
The other day , at their invitation , I met Kerry Himmel , an unemployed truck driver , and her 16 - year - old daughter , Destiny , at a McDonald ’s on Ventura Boulevard in the San Fernando Valley .
But they were n’t there to eat .
That ’s where they live .
For about two years , mother and daughter have been anchored in that McDonald ’s parking lot , living in their Ford Explorer and avoiding eviction by moving now and then to a nearby Ralphs parking lot .
They favor the McDonald ’s , though , because there ’s a bathroom with an outdoor entrance .
Advertisement
As if that were n’t miserable enough , the situation got much , much worse in April .
“ Whenever I stood up , things started getting blurry for a second , ” said Destiny .
“ You ’d have to brace yourself , ” her mother added .
Then Destiny was hit with headaches that went from bad to excruciating .
Late one night , Kerry rushed her daughter to the Kaiser Permanente Medical Center emergency room in Woodland Hills , where the diagnosis was devastating .
Advertisement
“ Destiny has high - risk acute leukemia , ” says Dr. Susan Storch , an oncologist and hematologist who told me there ’s about a 70 % survival rate with an intense treatment approach that takes about 2 1/2 years .
Storch knew the Himmels were homeless , so she kept Destiny in the hospital for several weeks even though the teen was n’t a Kaiser member .
Patients need rest and comfort in an environment as germ - free as possible , Storch said , and the back of an SUV does n’t fit that bill .
The doctor tried to set up housing for them , but Kerry Himmel turned it down -- for reasons I ’ll explain later .
After her initial stint at Kaiser , Destiny started outpatient treatment at Childrens Hospital Los Angeles , where Medi-Cal covers her several visits a week -- for chemotherapy , spinal taps , pain therapy and other services .
Then it ’s back to the McDonald ’s and the cramped quarters of the Explorer .
Kerry sleeps in the driver ’s seat , and Destiny , who is often exhausted and in pain , stretches out in the cargo area .
The nights lately have been frigid , but she says the body heat from her two dogs -- Rugrat and Gidget -- helps keep her warm , even though “ they steal my blankets . ”
Advertisement
On the day I went to meet them , Kerry helped her daughter out of the truck and handed her a cane , and Destiny took slow , careful steps toward the restaurant so we could sit and talk .
She ’s tall , with pale blue eyes and a sweet face that ’s swollen from steroid treatment .
Living in the truck , they said , is something they ’re used to .
Kerry and Destiny have spent most of the last 10 years living in vehicles , beginning back in their home state of Michigan .
“ It ’s the economy , ” said Kerry , but there ’s a little more to it than that .
Her family was always pretty dysfunctional , said Kerry , so she could n’t rely on help from relatives , many of whom had their own problems .
And she had nothing much better to say about Destiny ’s father , who has long been out of the picture .
Advertisement
Kerry and Destiny moved west figuring job prospects would be better , and if they remained homeless , at least it would be warmer here .
I checked with Dallas Berry , the Himmels ’ pastor back in Michigan , and he said the Himmels had kept their homelessness a secret even from him while living in Michigan .
He learned about it after they left , and also learned that Destiny “ was very embarrassed ” by it .
“ I ’m praying for them , ” Berry said .
When they moved to California , Kerry Himmel got a truck driving job that lasted several months but did n’t get them out of their hole .
She quit to look for something better , and almost immediately , Destiny got sick .
Advertisement
Now , Kerry has no time to job hunt because she ’s too busy taking care of Destiny .
She ’s way behind on the car payments , has credit card companies hounding her , and gets by on roughly $ 500 a month in food stamps and government aid .
She and Destiny collect El Pollo Loco coupons , which cut the price of a salad or burrito to 63 cents .
At night , they read or listen to the radio , and Destiny studies as part of a home - school program .
Kerry said her calls to social service and church groups in search of housing have led to one dead end after another , but they have made at least one good friend .
“ They ’re such wonderful people , ” said Cathy Johnson , who manages Personal Storage in North Hollywood , where the Himmels keep some of their belongings .
Johnson lets the Himmels use the bathroom and microwave in her office , and she recently faxed out pleas for help on behalf of the Himmels , including one to the L.A. Times .
“ I ’m not the type to ask anyone for anything , ” Kerry said over coffee in the McDonald’s .
Advertisement
But she ’s desperate , she admitted , and feeling torn up over her inability to provide basic human needs to a daughter fighting cancer .
As she spoke , fingering two medallions she wears to bring prosperity and health , her daughter began sobbing .
“ This is embarrassing , ” she said .
“ There ’s nothing to be embarrassed about , ” her mother said .
“ I do n’t want people to look down on me or think they have to pity me , ” said Destiny , who wore a knit cap .
The chemo has made her temporarily bald .
Advertisement
Kerry confessed that at Childrens Hospital , she fibbed about her circumstances , telling a social worker that she and Destiny are staying with friends .
She feared that if she said they were living in the truck , Destiny would be taken from her and placed in foster care .
It was n’t my place to tell them how to run their lives .
But as I see it , a kid fighting cancer should n’t be living in a truck .
So I suggested , diplomatically , that maybe foster care would be for the best , at least temporarily .
“ No , I ca n’t go through that , ” Destiny sobbed .
“ She ’s all I have , and I wo n’t make it .
. . .
She ’s a great mom and my best friend . ”
Once this column is printed , I told Kerry , Childrens Hospital is going to know they ’re homeless .
That ’s true , she said .
But she hoped someone would see the story and offer temporary housing , and then there ’d be no issue for the hospital .
Advertisement
“ We ’re really good people , but I do n’t want to live like this anymore , ” Kerry said , her voice breaking .
“ I ’ve got the best kid in the world , and the most important thing is that we ’re together . ”
On Thursday afternoon , Destiny had a pain therapy session at Childrens Hospital .
While I was there with her and Kerry , I got an unrelated e-mail from Andy Bales , who runs the Union Rescue Mission and Hope Gardens , a transitional residence for formerly homeless women and children located in the northern foothills of the San Fernando Valley .
I e-mailed him back about the Himmels and asked if he might have a spare room .
Bales checked and said he can accommodate the Himmels , at least temporarily .
Kerry Himmel told me she ’d take a look at Hope Gardens this week , and at any other offers that come her way .
I would certainly hope so .
On Saturday , I was contacted by John Horn , an L.A. Family Housing official who read the early edition of this column and wanted me to know the Himmels had been offered housing in the spring and turned it down .
Advertisement
Kerry Himmel admitted that was true but said Destiny was too shaky to handle the stairs at the apartment they were offered .
Kerry was also concerned about subjecting her sick daughter to germs in a public place with transitional residents , and she doubted she could commit to meetings with a case manager and classes on subjects such as money management while she was shuttling Destiny to frequent medical appointments .
I understand , but would any of those inconveniences have been as bad as living in an SUV and using a fast - food restaurant bathroom ?
In my experience , people who ’ve been homeless a long time lose perspective and a degree of rational judgment .
It ’s not at all uncommon , said Horn , who explained that after years on the streets , people become focused on daily survival and are so accustomed to their routines that they fear any radical change .
Let ’s not forget , though , that this case involves a teen with leukemia .
Destiny ’s current doctor , John Quinn , told me his young patient has been through the hardest part of the treatment and her cancer is in remission .
But he also said that she needs to be in a safe , warm home as she continues her fight , with chemo treatments expected to continue through July of 2010 .
Advertisement
For Destiny ’s sake , the Himmels need to get out of that truck , or at least Destiny does .
The sooner the better .
steve.lopez@latimes.com
By Richard Warry
Health editor , BBC News website
MS causes damage to the nerves A drug developed to treat leukaemia may be a powerful new weapon against multiple sclerosis , researchers say .
Alemtuzumab appears to stop progression of the disease in patients with early stage active relapsing - remitting MS - the most common form of the condition .
The University of Cambridge study , published in the New England Journal of Medicine , also suggests the drug may enable repair of previous damage .
However , it can produce potentially serious side - effects , they warn .
The ability of an MS drug to promote brain repair is unprecedented
Dr Alasdair Coles
University of Cambridge
' Drug saved my golf career '
And the researchers stress their work is still at an early stage .
Alemtuzumab - a type of drug known as a monoclonal antibody - was created at Cambridge in the late 1970s , and has long been used to treat leukaemia by killing off the cancerous white cells of the immune system .
The latest three - year study , of 334 patients with relapsing - remitting MS which had yet to be treated , found that the drug cut the number of attacks of disease by 74 % more than the reduction achieved by conventional interferon - beta therapy .
Alemtuzumab also reduced the risk of sustained accumulation of disability by 71 % compared to beta-interferon .
People on the trial who received the drug also recovered some function that had been thought to be permanently lost , and as a result were less disabled after three years than at the beginning of the study .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In contrast , people given beta - interferon showed signs of progressively worsening disability .
This was confirmed by brain scans in which alemtuzumab patients showed signs that their brains had actually increased in size , while the beta - interferon patients ' brains shrank over time .
The researchers said the findings suggested that alemtuzumab may allow damaged brain tissue to repair itself .
However , they stress that more work is needed to confirm the effects , before the drug can be considered for widespread NHS use .
Lead researcher Professor Alastair Compston said : " Alemtuzumab is the most promising experimental drug for the treatment of multiple sclerosis , and we are hopeful that the phase three trials will confirm that it can both stabilise and allow some recovery of what had previously been assumed to be irreversible disabilities . "
Auto - immune disease MS is caused by a fault in the body 's immune system which leads it to attack nerve fibres and their protective insulation , the myelin sheath .
This news will rightly bring hope to people living with the condition day in , day out
Lee Dunster
MS Society
This damage prevents the nerves from ' firing ' properly , and then leads to their destruction , resulting in physical and intellectual disabilities .
Alemtuzumab works by destroying a type of white blood cell called a lymphocyte , which , in MS , plays a key role in causing the damage associated with the disease .
Effectively , this shuts down the immune system , allowing it to re-boot without the original fault .
Dr Alasdair Coles , who also worked on the study , said : " The ability of an MS drug to promote brain repair is unprecedented .
" We are witnessing a drug which , if given early enough , might effectively stop the advancement of the disease and also restore lost function by promoting repair of the damaged brain tissue . "
During the trial , 20 % of patients treated with alemtuzumab developed either an under-active or over - active thyroid gland .
A small number developed a low platelet count , rendering them vulnerable to bleeding , and in one case this led to a fatality .
However , the researchers stress this complication can be easily treated if recognised early .
Lee Dunster , head of research at the MS Society , said : " This is the first drug that has shown the potential to halt and even reverse the debilitating effects of MS and this news will rightly bring hope to people living with the condition day in , day out .
" More work is needed to prove the drug 's long - term effectiveness and we are very much looking forward to the results of the next stage of this important research . "
Professor Paul Matthews , of Imperial College , London , described the trial as " compelling " .
However , he said : " Alemtuzumab was associated with severe adverse events in a small proportion of the patients , suggesting that it would be unsuitable for any patient except those with very aggressive forms of the disease . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In Part I , we wrote some code that enabled the user to draw points on a canvas ( as long as they were n't too close to an existing point .
In Part II we added the drawing of a horizontal line wherever the mouse is .
Next we 're going to draw one more type of object which will be at the heart of Fortune 's algorithm for Voronoi diagrams .
Remember earlier this month in From Focus and Directrix to Bezier Curve Parameters I wanted to be able to calculate quadratic Bézier curve parameters from a focus and horizontal directrix .
Now I can explain why :-)
A point ( called the focus ) and a line ( called the directrix ) are enough to define a parabola .
For Fortune 's algorithm , I need to , for each point and for the sweep line , draw the corresponding parabola .
The canvas element does n't have a parabola - drawing primitive .
However , it does support Bézier curves .
A quadratic Bézier curve is actually a section of a parabola , so I what I wanted was a way of converting the focus and directrix into the parameters for a quadratic Bézier curve that canvas would understand .
That was the motivation for the mathematics in that post .
Implementing those equations in Javascript gives us :
function drawParabola ( fx , fy , dy ) { var alpha = Math.sqrt ( ( dy*dy ) -( fy * fy ) ) ; var p0 x = fx - alpha ; var p0y = 0 ; var p1 x = fx ; var p1y = fy + dy ; var p2 x = fx + alpha ; var p2y = 0 ; context.strokeStyle = " rg b( 100 , 100 , 100 ) " ; context.fillStyle = " rgba(0 , 0 , 0 , 0.05 ) " ; context.beginPath( ) ; context.moveTo(p0x , p0y ) ; context.quadraticCurveTo( p1x , p1y , p2x , p2y ) ; context.stroke( ) ; context.fill ( ) ; }
This not only draws the parabola but fills the region above it ( which is relevant to our purpose ) .
Now all we need to do is run that for each point :
function drawParabolae ( dy ) { $ .each ( points , function ( ) { if ( dy > this [ 1 ] ) { drawParabola ( this [ 0 ] , this [ 1 ] , dy ) ; } } ) ; }
and then add a call to that function to our mousemove handler :
... context.clearRect(0 , 0 , 600 , 400 ) ; drawHorizontalLine ( oy ) ; drawParabolae ( oy ) ; redrawDots ( ) ; ....
You can see the result here .
I was actually surprised how snappy it is , even with a lot of points .
Using the Bézier curve rather than drawing the points manually was definitely the way to go .
If you think about the fact that a parabola is the locus of points equidistance from the focus and the directrix you can start to see how Fortune 's algorithm is going to work .
I 'll make that more explicit in the next and final post .
Casey Bell ( Yustman ) hated her mother for leaving her as a child .
But when inexplicable things start to happen , Casey begins to understand why she left .
Plagued by merciless dreams and a tortured ghost that haunts her waking hours , she must turn to the only spiritual advisor , Sendak ( Oldman ) , who can make it stop .
With Sendak ’s help , Casey uncovers the source of a family curse dating back to Nazi Germany - a creature with the ability to inhabit anyone or anything that is getting stronger with each possession .
With the curse unleashed , her only chance at survival is to shut a doorway from beyond our world that has been pried open by someone who was never born .
Whole Foods Market Inc. launched a rare corporate counterattack on a federal agency , appealing to Congress and filing a lawsuit to stop a continuing Federal Trade Commission challenge to a merger that closed a year ago .
The lawsuit , filed Monday in U.S. District Court in Washington , alleges prejudice and due- process violations against Whole Foods by the FTC , which challenged the grocer 's $ 565 million buyout of Wild Oats Markets Inc .
The agency initially lost before the federal court , and the companies merged in August 2007 .
...
From the plains of North Dakota to the deep waters of Brazil , dozens of major oil and gas projects have been suspended or canceled in recent weeks as companies scramble to adjust to the collapse in energy markets .
In the short run , falling oil prices are leading to welcome relief at the pump for American families ahead of the holidays , with gasoline down from its summer record of just over $ 4 to an average of $ 1.66 a gallon , and still falling .
But the project delays are likely to reduce future energy supplies  and analysts believe they may set the stage for another surge in oil prices once the global economy recovers .
Oil markets have had their sharpest - ever spikes and their steepest drops this year , all within a few months .
Now , with a global recession at hand and oil consumption falling , the market ’s extreme volatility is making it harder for energy executives to plan ahead .
As a result , exploration spending , which had risen to a record this year , is being slashed .
( CNN ) --
If you have a fever , headache and runny nose , you might go to Google and type the words " flu symptoms " to see whether you 've come down with influenza .
Google Flu Trends provides a map of influenza activity in the U.S. at www.google.org/flutrends.
Google knows that you might do something like that , and it also knows which U.S. state you 're in .
Now , it 's putting that information together in a tool that Google says could detect flu outbreaks faster than traditional systems currently in use .
Google 's new public health initiative , Google Flu Trends , looks at the relative popularity of a slew of flu - related search terms to determine where in the U.S. flu outbreaks may be occurring .
" What 's exciting about Flu Trends is that it lets anybody -- epidemiologists , health officials , moms with sick children -- learn about the current flu activity level in their own state based on data that 's coming in this week , " said Jeremy Ginsberg , the lead engineer who developed the site .
The tool , which launched Tuesday , operates on the idea that there 's likely to be a flu outbreak in states where flu - related search terms are currently popular .
Watch CNN.com 's Elizabeth Landau explain how Google Flu Trends works »
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention collaborated with Google on the project , helping validate and refine the model , and has provided flu tracking data over a five - year period , said Dr. Joseph Bresee , chief of the epidemiology and prevention branch in the CDC 's influenza division .
Although it does n't replace the need for real viral surveillance data , Flu Trends is a good model , and the CDC looks forward to testing it this flu season , Bresee said .
Do n't Miss Google Flu Trends
" We really are excited about the future of using different technologies , including technology like this , in trying to figure out if there 's better ways to do surveillance for outbreaks of influenza or any other diseases in the United States , " he said .
" In theory at least , this idea can be used for any disease and any health problem . "
Researchers found a tight correlation between the relative popularity of flu- related search terms and CDC 's surveillance data , Ginsberg said .
In the 2007 - 08 flu season , Google accurately estimated current flu levels one to two weeks faster than published CDC reports in each of the nine U.S. surveillance regions , Google said in a statement .
Test your knowledge of cold and flu »
Traditionally , influenza surveillance has involved physicians ' reports of patients with flu - like symptoms , lab reports of influenza from nasal and throat swabs , and death certificates .
Only that kind of analysis will detect the spread of influenza strains not covered by the flu vaccine , information that search engine information does not reflect , experts say .
Read more about who should get vaccinated »
But there has been concern that influenza surveillance systems in place are not fast enough , and the new tool could be useful for the basic purpose of quickly detecting outbreaks , said Dr. Randall Stafford , associate professor of medicine at Stanford University 's Prevention Research Center , who was not involved in the project .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Cold and flu
" Sacrificing accuracy may not necessarily carry a big penalty if you 're able to predict increasing flu incidence as well as the other systems , and do it more rapidly , " he said .
Still , there are limitations , Bresee said .
The tool may miss cases of influenza spreading among elderly people , because they are less likely to use the Internet than younger people , Stafford said .
He also noted that many people who search for flu - related terms have viral infections that are not actually influenza .
Google has also taken into account that people sometimes look for flu - related terms in response to certain news headlines and do not actually have the flu , Ginsberg said .
The tool looks for terms that , for example , reflect searches by a person who has chest congestion or wants to buy a thermometer , he said .
Flu Trends may also help doctors make diagnoses , Ginsberg said .
" I would be very hesitant to diagnose influenza at this point in the year , but if the tool tells me influenza in California is really increasing dramatically , I might be more likely or willing to diagnose , " Stafford said .
Influenza is responsible for more than 500,000 deaths worldwide each year , according to the World Health Organization .
Flu Trends cannot be used to identify individual users , the company statement said .
The search engine relies on aggregated counts , made anonymous , of how often certain search terms occur each week .
But every computer connected to the Internet has its own internet protocol address , or IP address , which reveals its location to Google .
Software engineers and public health experts at Google.org , the company 's philanthropic arm , collaborated on the project , Ginsberg said .
The search engine giant turned 10 years old this year .
The overall flu activity in the U.S. is low , although a few states -- such as Hawaii , Arkansas , Mississippi , Kentucky , Delaware and Maine -- have " moderate " activity , according to Google 's map , based on data current through Monday .
" There 's no question that testing for virus in blood is the only way to get the most information , but having this sort of information earlier does make sense , " Stafford said .
All About Influenza • Centers for Disease Control and Prevention • Vaccines
Let ’s be clear about the nature and meaning of the mandate we ’re going to be hearing so much about : President - elect Barack Obama has a clear mandate to end the Iraq war as expeditiously as possible .
His campaign was energized by and differentiated from Hillary Clinton ’s by his emphasis on correcting that horrific mistake .
Hillary equivocated , refused to recant her vote for war , and coyly suggested that we might withdraw only as far as Kurdistan .
Obama , on the other hand , pledged to get us out in a year , albeit adding weasel words about " residual " forces guarding our bigger - than - the - Vatican ambassadorial compound .
He gained his initial momentum by grabbing on to this issue and holding on for dear life , as the Clintons self - destructed and the economy did , too .
Obama arrived at this moment not only on the strength of his pledge to end the present war , but also the implicit promise to refrain from involving us in any further hostilities .
The defeat of the GOP was easily predicted : I ’ve been doing it for years , here , for example , and here .
This election was a referendum on John McCain ’s brand of enthusiastic interventionism and his volcanically warlike temperament , and it was a stunning repudiation of both .
Iraq , Iran , the wilds of the Caucasus  what was distinctive about the McCainiac foreign policy was the wide range of his potential targets .
Al - Qaeda often seemed to take second or even third place on his enemies list , with the Iranians and the Russians taking first and second respectively .
Here was a campaign run by the hardest of the hardcore neocons , and the weight of this bone - crushing defeat will settle heavily on their shoulders .
Saddled with the neocons ’ war and the central theme of the McCain campaign  " victory " in Iraq and intervention around the world 
Republicans all across the nation have been dragged down to defeat : the neocons have proven a heavier albatross than the party can bear .
What we may be witnessing is the end of the GOP as an effective political force , at least on a national level .
We know what the American people voted against : they voted to end not only this war but the grim prospect of perpetual war , the " generational " conflict that served as a cover for the politics of fear and an unprecedented assault on our constitutional rights .
They voted to punish the hubris of that top White House official who told journalist Ron Suskind :
" The aide said that guys like me were ‘ in what we call the reality - based community , ’ which he defined as people who ‘ believe that solutions emerge from your judicious study of discernible reality . ’
‘ That ’s not the way the world really works anymore , ’ he continued .
‘ We ’re an empire now , and when we act , we create our own reality .
And while you ’re studying that reality  judiciously , as you will  we ’ll act again , creating other new realities , which you can study too , and that ’s how things will sort out .
We ’re history ’s actors and you , all of you , will be left to just study what we do . ’ "
It ’s possible to evade reality , to believe it is self - created , and to persist in this delusion for quite some time .
In the end , however , reality has a nasty habit of catching up with us .
The day of reckoning for " history ’s actors " has arrived , and not a moment too soon .
The nation breathes a sigh of relief , as a long - festering carbuncle is sloughed off and falls away .
The scar it leaves , however , will long remain .
Certainly it will disfigure the face of the GOP for decades to come .
Ron Paul warned them , and they did n’t listen .
Now they are paying for their arrogance , and in spades .
Paul , the leader of the party ’s anti-interventionist wing , predicted that the burden of empire would cause the economy to fail  and , with it , the GOP ’s electoral prospects .
His reward was to be refused entry to the national convention , where they did n’t even do him the courtesy of counting his votes .
The party rejected a million enthusiastic Republican and independent voters , and did their best to shrink rather than grow their pool of voter support .
As ye sow , so shall ye reap .
This election will make many of our supporters and contributors very happy .
At last , the War Party , which they see as synonymous with the Republican Party , has been driven out of the White House , and peace is about to break out all over .
A word to the wise : do n’t bet on it .
The War Party , as I ’ve explained often and at length , is hardly limited to the GOP .
Its Democratic proxies are influential and often have a decisive influence ; witness the legions of Democrats who voted " aye " on the Iraq war resolution .
As I pointed out yesterday , the War Party has already launched its campaign to capture the Obama administration  and , given his pledge to escalate the Afghan war , they have n’t got far to go .
Now is the time when the antiwar movement must rely on its own institutions and exert maximum leverage .
We must put pressure on the administration to keep its promise to get us out of Iraq  and guard against a possible confrontation with Iran .
Joe Biden predicted Obama would soon be " tested " in the foreign policy realm , and when the time comes , one has to wonder : will he take the opportunity to prove his " toughness " and overreact , or will he fulfill the promise of his campaign  the promise of a meaningful change in our foreign policy of relentless aggression ?
Obama has promised to talk to our alleged enemies , but one has to question whether this will merely amount to an elaborate series of ultimatums delivered to Tehran ’s doorstep or left at the gates of the Kremlin .
If so , these extended " negotiations " are likely to culminate in conflict , giving us more of a pretext to lure our European " partners " into going along with the program .
From the perspective of the antiwar activist , there are many dangers that lurk just around the corner , and the most insidious and least obvious is the consolidation of economic power in the state .
This centralization will make it easier for the federal government to mobilize all the resources of the country for military purposes : indeed , the economic crisis will give the government cover to further consolidate and rationalize its growing power and increase its ability to punish " anti-government " critics .
From what we have seen so far , the Obama administration is almost certain to abuse its power in this way .
Another danger that looms large on the horizon of Obama World is the prospect of a lovesick media corps , one so enamored of their Messiah - in - the - White - House that , while failing to examine his policies overseas , they swallow his explanations too readily .
It is all too easy to imagine our besotted press corps capitulating to a new era of political correctness in Washington , where all criticism of the Dear Leader is deemed " reactionary " and implicitly racist .
When the Obama administration assures us Iran is building " weapons of mass destruction , " how many in the mainstream media will be inclined to question them ?
I ’m very much afraid of the answer to that question .
The Obama campaign was supposedly born as a grassroots movement , an online phenomenon that went viral and created a new majority .
This myth is belied , of course , by the huge amount of corporate dollars that went into the campaign .
McCain was outspent by an incredible margin .
The Money Power is heavily invested in Obama , and they fully expect their generosity to be repaid  with interest .
In the international arena , this means the protection of corporate interests abroad , with the U.S. military being used as a private police force to protect American business interests  you know , the sort of enterprises that are " too big to fail " and have to be succored by the U.S. Treasury .
Obama , like McCain , signed onto the Wall Street bailout , and he ’ll be just as willing to send in the Marines to secure their interests abroad .
The more years I accumulate observing American policymakers in action , the more I ’m struck by the essential continuity of U.S. foreign policy .
Since the end of World War II , our course has been set : straight for the same mausoleum that houses the remains of the British , the Soviet , the Roman , and all other would - be global empires of the past .
It will take more than mere " change " to turn this around .
It will take a Herculean effort , one that is now possible  but only if we remain vigilant , and relentless in our exertions .
One of the downsides of working on a pre-startup project is that you really can’t say much about it .
Seriously .
You think Cryptonomicon seemed paranoid about security ?
You ’ve just never met the folks who safeguard possible IP for college spin-outs .
Yowza .
And it ’s a shame because some of this stuff is really rather nifty , and it ’s been good to not only do some high - level design of low - level stuff , but also to get back to implementing in C and for high - capacity stuff as well .
However , side projects are totally fair game 😀
At the moment , most of my side - project time has gone into a quick script for the rifle club in college .
It has to read in a text file and do some basic statistics on the data therein .
PHP would blaze through this in a web setting , but to my mind , PHP is out of its depth when not running on a webserver so I thought something else would be more appropriate .
Perl is certainly up to the task , as is Ruby and I ’ve been wanting to learn Ruby for a while , but some upcoming PhD stuff requires me to know Python , so I figured this would be a good starting point for it , so apt - get install python and away I went .
First , the problem .
There ’s a program my college rifle club uses called Kada , which tracks members names and details and scores and produces charts of the club ’s “ ladders ” , a sort of running competition which tracks shooters ’ performances over the year ( there ’s a small prize at the end ) .
The problem is n’t Kada itself – it is pretty much a textbook case of how you develop a user interface , even if it is character - mode .
Keith , who developed Kada , spent ages refining the user interface by actually using it and talking to other range officers in the club who used it as well and making changes and tweaking .
The UI is n’t fancy and mousable , but it ’s slick and efficient , and all the edge cases for using it are handled .
That ’s the kind of really solid work that takes time and effort to do and frankly , it ’s always impressed me .
Keith also did some work on a program to run competitions in the statistics office back in the days when we scored targets by hand .
It also had a very slick and efficient UI but it also did some smart things – it let us project scores on a projector long before we had electronic targets or target scoring machines , and it also estimated what a shooter ’s likely final score was as targets were scored .
The problem is that Keith ’s not been actively developing Kada for a while and the current committee in the club wanted to make some slight changes to how the ladders were calculated .
So I volunteered to take Kada ’s data files , figure out how to extract the data entered with Kada and produce the ladder charts .
The data files are text with a straightforward format , so reading in the data is simple enough .
First read the member ’s data file :
def readMembers ( ) : membersfile = open ( " members.kda " , " r " ) membersfile.readline( ) membersfile.readline ( ) i = 1 firstname = ' ' while firstname : shooter = Shooter ( ) # members.
kda file record format : # surname # firstname # gender ( m / f ) # alias ( not usually used ) # student ID card seen ?
( y/n ) # experience level ( three letters , Novice / Experienced / Advanced , in Target , Air , Sporter ) # course # year # unknown surname = membersfile.readline ().rstrip ( ) firstname = membersfile.readline ( ) .rstrip ( ) shooter .
name = firstname + ' ' + surname shooter.
gender = membersfile.readline().rstrip( ) shooter.alias = membersfile.readline( ) shooter.idcardseen = membersfile.readline( ).rstrip ( ) shooter .
experience = list ( membersfile.readline ( ).rstrip ( ) ) shooter.course = membersfile.readline( ).rstrip ( ) shooter .
year = membersfile.readline().rstrip( ) membersfile.readline( ) member [i ] = shooter i += 1 membersfile.close ( )
This just reads in the file and creates a dictionary of Shooter objects ( they ’re not really an object as such , I ’m just emulating a C struct sort of idea there ) , which is actually a global in the script .
We discard the initial two lines in the file ( I do n’t actually know what Keith stores there apart from the season – 2007 / 8 or whatever ) .
The readline ( ) approach is a bit awkward and not very Pythonic methinks .
Next , read in the scores file , and add the scores as a sequence to the member [ ] dictionary .
Slightly complicated by the air and smallbore rifle scores being in the same file , and I have n’t yet figured out a clean way to use Python ’s for line in file idiom to cover just a part of the file .
def readScores ( ) : scoresfile = open ( " scores.g1 " , " r " ) x = False y = 3 for line in scoresfile : if y == 0 : line = line. strip ( ) if line : scores = [ ] shooter = Shooter ( ) for s in line.
split (' ' ) : scores.append ( int(s ) ) id = scores [ 0 ] if x : # Air Rifle scores member[id ].scores_air = scores [ 1 : ] member[id ].mean_air = stats.mean( scores [ 1 : ] ) member[id].oldKADAannual_air = oldKADAannual( member[id].scores_air ) member[id].oldKADA_air = oldKADA ( member[id].scores_air ) member[id].newKADAannual_air = newKADAannual ( member[id].scores_air ) member[id].newKADA_air = newKADA ( member[id].scores_air ) else : # Target Rifle scores member[id].scores_target = scores [ 1 : ] member[id ].mean_target = stats.mean( scores [ 1 : ] ) member[id].oldKADAannual_target = oldKADAannual( member[id].scores_target ) member[id].oldKADA_target = oldKADA ( member[id].scores_target ) member[id].newKADAannual_target = newKADAannual ( member[id].scores_target ) member[id].newKADA_target = newKADA ( member[id].scores_target ) else : x = True else : y = y - 1 scoresfile.close ( )
That ’s not horrible .
It ’s certainly less clumsy than the readline ( ) approach when reading the members file .
So at this stage the data ’s in .
Turns out , calculating the ladder averages is exceptionally compact in Python .
First , I wanted to duplicate Kada ’s original algorithm :
def old KADAannual ( scores ) : " " " Calculates the shooter 's ladder average for the whole year under the old KADA algorithm of dropping the lowest card out of every six shot " " " tmpscores = sorted ( scores ) n = len( tmpscores ) //6 tmpscores = tmpscores [n :] return stats.mean( tmpscores )
Four lines of code .
I do love scripting languages 😀
Now for the new algorithm :
def newKADAannual ( scores ) : " " " Calculates the shooter 's ladder average for the whole year under the new KADA algorithm of dropping the lowest and highest cards out of every eight shot " " " tmpscores = sorted ( scores ) n = len( tmpscores ) // 8 if n >= 1 : tmpscores = tmpscores [ n : - n ] else : if len( tmpscores ) == 7 : tmpscores = tmpscores [ 1 :] return stats.
mean( tmpscores )
Again , very compact with only eight lines of code ( and really , it ’s hard to count some of them as actual lines as such 😀 ) .
There are two other variants of these for calculating the running averages rather than the end - of - year averages , but let ’s ignore them .
They ’re equally short .
Calculating the ladders themselves is even shorter , at least on a per-ladder basis .
There are 16 ladders all told : Target / Air x Novice / Experienced / Advanced / Overall x Running / Final .
Looking at just the code for two ( the others are basicly more of the same :
def calculateLadders ( ) : # Novice Air Ladder for id , m in member.iteritems ( ) : if hasattr( m , 'scores_air ' ) : if m.experience [ 1 ] == ' N ' : NAL[m.newKADA_air ] = id # Final Novice Air Ladder for id , m in member.iteritems ( ) : if hasattr( m , 'scores_air ' ) : if m.experience [ 1 ] == ' N ' : if len( m.scores_air ) >= 3 : NALannual[m.oldKADAannual_air ] = id
Very straightforward really , the ladders are just dictionaries of id numbers with the keys being the actual ladder averages .
That way , to print them out , you just sort the keys , pull the first key from that list and look up the id and that id is the key to your shooter object with all the data to play with .
So that ’s the calculation done .
Now , the output .
Initially , I wanted some very basic output of the ladders , more for test reasons than anything else .
Kada just creates plain ASCII text files which we dump to the printer like so :
NOVICE 10 - METRE AIR RIFLE LADDER Final Ladder 9/05/08 CARDS BEST RANK NAME SHOT AVERAGE CARD 1 .
J.D'Plumber 26 86.864 92 2 . J.D' Plumber 45 86.500 94 3 . J.D' Plumber 18 85.067 92 4 . J.D' Plumber 16 84.857 91 5 . J.D' Plumber 36 81.300 91 6 . J.D' Plumber 31 79.846 87 7 . J.D' Plumber 7 74.000 82 8 . J.D' Plumber 16 65.429 84 9 . J.D' Plumber 3 64.000 71 10 .
J.D' Plumber 10 63.444 78 11 . J.D' Plumber 4 61.750 76 12 . J.D' Plumber 3 53.667 62
So I set up to do something similar .
It ’s not a perfect match , but I just wanted to be able to compare the old output and mine to know my math was good :
def printLadder ( ladder , description , discipline ) : keys = ladder.keys ( ) keys.sort ( ) keys.reverse( )
i = 0 j = 0 print description for j in range ( 1 , len( description ) ) : print '-' , print '
' for key in keys : if discipline == ' air ' : scores = member [ ladder [key ] ]
.scores_air else : scores = member [ ladder [ key ] ].scores_target if len( scores ) >=
3 : i = i + 1 print '% 2d ' % i , else : print ' ' , print '% 20s ' % member [ ladder [key ] ] .
name , print ' % 4d ' % len( scores ) , print '% 5.3 f ' % key , print ' % 4d ' % max ( scores ) , if len( scores ) < 3 : print '*' , print print '
'
And the output ( with the names redacted for their privacy ) :
Novice Air Ladder - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 1 Joe D'Plumber 45 91.833 94 2 Joe D'Plumber 36 87.500 91 3 Joe D'Plumber 18 87.167 92 4 Joe D'Plumber 16 85.833 91 5 Joe D'Plumber 26 85.167 92 6 Joe D'Plumber 31 81.167 87 Tito D'Builder 2 76.000 76 * 7 Joe D'Plumber 7 74.000 82 Tito D'Builder 2 69.000 75 * Tito D'Builder 2 67.000 68 * Tito D'Builder 2 66.000 70 * Tito D'Builder 1 64.000 64 * 8 Joe D'Plumber 10 63.167 78 Tito D'Builder 1 62.000 62 * 9 Joe D'Plumber 4 61.750 76 Tito D'Builder 2 61.500 72 * Tito D'Builder 1 60.000 60 * Tito D'Builder 2 55.500 71 * Tito D'Builder 2 55.000 58 * 10 Joe D'Plumber 3 53.667 62 Tito D'Builder 1 52.000 52 * Tito D'Builder 1 50.000 50 * Tito D'Builder 1 49.000 49 *
Which is unfancy and basic , but does the job .
You ’ll note the lists are n’t identical – in the Kada output , there ’s only Joe D’Plumber , but mine has several entries from Tito D’Builder as well ( thank the Daily Show for the names btw ) .
The reason is that the official rules of the ladder say you must have at least 3 cards shot to enter ;
Tito has n’t had three cards shot , so he ’s listed on the chart ( which is posted each week ) to see where he is in relation to those who are entered , but with no rank and an asterisk to point out that his score is n’t official yet .
This is n’t bad , but the thing is that I wanted to be a bit fancier with the output .
Enter the ReportLab library , which lets Python generate PDFs and some simple code to generate sparklines , and now the ladder prints to a PDF file , Tito is in a smaller , italic , gray font so that Joe stands out more , and Joe has sparklines of his scores showing his ( hopefully ) upward progress through the year and with his high point highlighted .
The PDF is n’t quite as I ’d like it yet , but I ’ll post up a snapshot when I get it right .
The important thing about all this though , is that I never did any Python programming before last week ; it ’s taken the very limited free time I ’ve had over five days ( while under the gun for a major demo during the day ) to learn Python and do something useful and a bit complicated with it ( generating a PDF report with custom graphics and typography ) .
All told , maybe eight to ten hours .
I ’m really quite impressed with Python – I did n’t think much of it prior to now because frankly I had hassles with how the indentation thing sat in my head , but the truth is that once you ’ve started ( and gotten frustrated , cursed a bit , googled vim customisations for python and installed the main two or three and restarted ) it really does just go away and you see through it to the code itself .
Which is clean , powerful , and very easy to read .
So far I ’ve not run into any real warts , though I will admit to having used an in - scope import because I could n’t figure out how to use Python ’s namespacing to instantiate an Image object from the Imaging library in the same script that I was using Image objects from the ReportLab library .
And even the stranger idioms like ” . join ( ) are n’t horrible .
It ’s quite a relief really because I was planning on using SAGE in my PhD stuff and this does indicate that it ’ll be a lot easier than I was anticipating .
Next up , once this is done and made into an executable using py2exe , will be PyQt .
I ’ve bought this new toy for the RCMS project you see… but that ’s another post 😀
Overview | Art | Beliefs | Cities | Cuisine | Economy | Fauna | Government | History | Language | People | Tourism | The ' True ' Antarctica | Glossary
Cities
The concept of cities in Antarctica is different than the concept elsewhere in the world .
For one thing , each Antarctican city has its own unique design .
It is hard to imagine someone strolling through a city in Antarctica and not immediately knowing which of the cities they are in , based solely on the architecture .
For another , there are no streets in Antarctican cities .
People get from one area to another either by walking along the boulevards and forest paths , or calling upon their flyer to drop them off at their next destination .
Because the people of Antarctica handle much of their own needs through home - based technology , most of the buildings in Antarctican cities are devoted to the arts and sciences , private residences , and a generous representation of restaurants , rather than commerce ( office buildings , as that term is understood elsewhere in the world , make up less than ten percent of city structures ) .
Antarctican cities also contain an unusually large amount of space set aside for parks and natural habitats .
No matter where you are in an Antarctican city , you are never more than a five minute walk from a small forest , or a ten minute walk from a waterfall .
In addition to the hundreds of small cities , townships and villages within the continent , there are seven major metropolises .
The scope of this article is limited to a brief description of each of those seven .
Anyone curious to know greater details about these seven , or information on Antarctica 's hundreds of charming smaller municipalities , is urged to contact the nearest Antarctican embassy .
( Please see Tourism for a complete list of embassies and their locations ) .
All visitors to Antarctica arrive first in the oceanside city of Delphia , located on Antarctica 's southern shore .
The city is famous for its magnificent blue and green bays , which stretch all the way within the city itself .
Nearly all structures in Delphia are built of gray granite , so that after a fresh rain the city glistens like a seal .
Hot air ballooning is a popular pastime , and in fact there are some families and individuals whose homes are kept aloft by balloons year - round .
In addition to its extensive collection of libraries , Delphia is also known for its restaurants , such as the Irunijef , which stretches across seven city blocks , serving hundreds of different seafood dishes .
Dell , on the eastern shore of the continent , is built around its miles of white beaches .
Because many of the beaches extend into the city itself , it is not unusual , strolling the boulevards to get from one building to the next , to spot whales surfacing , and dolphins leaping , in the adjacent coves .
In addition to its reputation for some of the finest museums in Antarctica , Dell is also known for its extensive space exploration complex , which has been in operation since the mid-eighteen hundreds .
One of the most unusual cities in Antarctica is Faz , a massive underground city in northern Antarctica .
Faz consists entirely of underground caverns , some eighty stories high , carved by water over millions of years .
The caverns themselves are comprised of a highly reflective form of rose quartz , so that the entire city can be illuminated by a single candle placed near the entrance ( but away from drafts ) .
At seven o'clock each evening , the candle 's light is puffed out .
Faz is best known for its research facilities , and the awe - inspiring Heart of Waterfalls located in the center of the underground city , where one hundred and thirty - six different waterfalls of various heights ( some as tall as a skyscraper ) tumble ceaselessly down into a blue pool fifty miles in diameter .
Visitors also usually take time to explore the extensive moss forest tucked into the eastern corner of the city .
The oldest city in Antarctica , and also the seat of the " government " of Antarctica , such as it is , is the city of Urdz , located on the northern shore .
Urdz is home to the Great Hall , the most ancient man - built structure in Antarctica , dating back 40,000 years .
The buildings in the city are comprised entirely of red quartz and blue glaciers .
Urdz is the largest producer of roses in the nation , with over 10,000 varieties , including 100 different species of pure blues .
At least once in each Antarctican 's lifetime , a pilgrimage is made to Mimosa , on the western shore of Antarctica , site of the continent 's only battle , in 1403 B.C. , to repel foreign invaders .
Mimosa is home to the world 's largest sculpture , consisting of 620,000 intricately - carved life - sized statues which fill the bay , shoreline and hills .
The city also offers an excellent example of a Fes , the circular area of common buildings often found in early Antarctican towns .
Suh , located halfway up the western peninsula of the continent , is composed entirely of huge statues in which its citizens live and work .
The tallest of these , a tribute to Hal Felix , who conceived the notion of the Five Concepts , is eighteen stories high .
The city is famous for its noodles , its huge population of elfs , a cat - like creature native to Antarctica , and its botanical research .
Squirbranchrel , in the northern forest , is the oldest and largest example of the original Antarctican communities , when the natives lived in trees ( Antarcticans did not go through a cave - dwelling phase ) .
Fifty miles wide , and thirty miles deep , the city is built entirely in the treetops of the region , its buildings connected to one another through an elaborate series of multi- level wooden bridges .
Squirbranchrel boasts the continent 's tallest skyscraper , measured from base to wooden observation deck , as well as the world 's largest aquarium ( twelve miles wide , eight miles deep , three miles high ) .
print this article
In 2006 , astronomer Alice Quillen of the University of Rochester predicted that a planet of a particular size and orbit must lie within the dust of a nearby star .
That planet has now been photographed by the Hubble Space Telescope , making it only the second planet ever imaged after an accurate prediction .
The only other planet seen after an accurate prediction was Neptune , discovered more than 160 years ago .
" It 's remarkable , " says Eugene Chiang , associate professor of astronomy at the University of California at Berkeley , and part of the team that imaged the new planet .
" Alice saw the way the inner edge of the dust ring cut off sharply and recognized that a planet likely orbited just inside .
The orbit we found was amazingly close to Alice 's prediction .
" On November 13 , Chiang and his colleagues announced they had imaged a planet around Fomalhaut , a bright , nearby star surrounded by a ring of dust .
One of the planets matches the planet Quillen predicted in 2006 .
Along with three other planets imaged concurrently by another team , this is the first planet outside of our solar system to be directly imaged .
This annotated image shows key features of the Fomalhaut system , including the newly discovered planet Fomalhaut b , and the dust ring .
Also included are a distance scale and an insert , showing how the planet has moved around its parent star over the course of 21 months .
The Fomalhaut system is located approximately 25 light - years from the Earth .
Credit : NASA , ESA , and Z. Levay ( STScI ) Neptune , imaged in 1846 , was inferred by its effect on the orbit of Uranus three years earlier , and marked the first time a planet was predicted before it was actually seen .
In 2004 , astronomers at the University of Washington predicted the existence of a planet around a sun- like star 212 light years away .
The planet was confirmed in 2007 using a technique called radial velocity , but its image has not been resolved the way the Fomalhaut planet 's has .
Quillen has worked for years to understand the way planets shape stellar dust disks like the one surrounding Fomalhaut .
She is now one of the world 's experts in predicting planet size and position from the features of a star 's dust ring .
She used Hubble Space Telescope images that revealed that the ring of dust surrounding Fomalhaut was off - center .
The images were also clear enough to show that the ring itself had a surprisingly sharp edge .
That sharp inside edge , Quillen calculated , demanded that a relatively small , Neptune - size planet was tucked right up against the inner side of the ring , using its gravity to toss out of orbit the dust in the area .
According to Quillen 's calculations , the ring is elliptical because the planet 's orbit around Fomalhaut is also elliptical — a curiosity in such a young system .
When stars form from a giant cloud of gas and dust , the angular momentum of the cloud carries over to all the objects that form from the cloud , including new planets .
Those new planets should initially orbit in roughly circular paths — not elliptical ones .
Fomalhaut 's ring is offset by 1.4 billion miles , more than 15 times the distance from the Earth to the Sun , suggesting the hidden planet 's orbit is also tremendously skewed .
Quillen continues to strengthen her planet - ring interaction models .
Treating a dust ring like a hydrodynamic structure , for instance , is necessary for younger stars whose dust is relatively fine and acts more like a fluid — while the physics of dust particle collision become more important in older ring systems where the dust has begun clumping into larger bodies , say Quillen .
Matt Taibbi Interview
A while back I spoke to Matt Taibbi by phone .
Technical difficulties prevented me from getting to it immediately , but here it finally is .
I can't claim it 's timely now , but Taibbi was just as entertaining as you 'd expect .
Taibbi's latest piece for Rolling Stone , " The Great Iraq Swindle , " is here .
His new book Smells Like Dead Elephants : Dispatches from a Rotting Empire , is coming out in October .
COMING UP : An interview with Norman Solomon
• • •
How did you start wanting to write ?
Well , I was a real nerd growing up and moved around all the time , so I read a lot .
I went through some really bad times .
Books were my only friends .
Then sometime in high school teachers made me aware I had some ability writing - wise .
And since I did n't really have anything else going for me personally , especially after high school , I basically locked myself up in my room in my late teens , doing nothing but writing fiction , plays , all kinds of crap , and all of it sucked .
I was always really into funny writers .
My heroes were mostly all Russian , although I was a big fan of guys like H.L. Mencken and Saki and Evelyn Waugh , too .
But eventually I went to Russia to study Russian .
That 's how I ended up staying there .
I 've pretty much wanted to be a writer since I was thirteen or fourteen , but mostly by default , since I was clearly not qualified to do much else .
What Russian writers in particular and what other funny writers did you like ?
The books I read when I was really young were things like Catch - 22 , some Waugh books like Decline and Fall , then Fear and Loathing , all the Hunter Thompson stuff , Woody Allen , etc .
And then somebody turned me onto Nicholai Gogol when I was about seventeen -- the first thing I read was his story " The Nose , " and then I read " Dead Souls " about forty times before I was twenty .
He was my hero .
For the longest time I just wanted to ... well , not to be Nicholai Gogol , because he was an insane and miserable boot fetishist who ended up becoming an overbearing religious bore before starving and bleeding himself to death with leeches , but to write like that anyway .
But you should see how pathetic it is when a modern American tries his style .
From then I started reading all the other Russians , guys like Bulgakov , Tolstoy , Leskov , Babel , Zoshenko , etc .
Among the modern guys I liked Trofimov and Dovlatov , both of whom were really funny .
The Russians have so many funny writers , a lot of people that do n't really get read here in the states -- people have this image of Russian writers being these guys who write these huge , baggy , pretentious novels that you need 300 - page Cliff 's notes for , but it 's not like that .
How did you get to Russia in the first place ?
I left after my junior year at Bard .
I basically finished my studies at the University of Leningrad .
I went over there and I just did n't come home .
So you 're now fluent in Russian ?
Yes .
I 'm also trying , unsuccessfully , to learn Thai .
I do n't know what Thai sounds like , but it 's a real cool - looking language .
I can't pick it up at all .
Their alphabet looks like noodles to me .
There 's something about Russia that captures a certain kind of person from elsewhere .
What is it ?
It 's really hard to put your finger on it .
There 's definitely a certain kind of person it agrees with .
The Russian way of looking at life — there 's a real what - the - fuck element to living there .
Everything in America is so strict , the rules are ironclad , you know .
There are always forms to fill out .
If your credit card is overdue it wo n't work .
Your life is regulated by these ironclad structures that are part of being part of a rule - based society where everything works .
Whereas Russia ... Russia is completely dysfunctional .
Everyone 's sort of equally miserable at all times .
There 's a real carefree , completely chaotic atmosphere there that 's appealing .
They have this expression there , na avos , or avos prenesyet , which means " avos brings " ; to do something na avos means to do it and just basically leave the matter of whether it will work out or not in the hands of fate .
Roll the dice , avos brings the answer .
Like once , for instance , I quit my job and moved to Mongolia na avos .
Just did n't really think about it beforehand at all .
The whole country is run na avos .
In the States , there 's so much pressure on a person to succeed , to not fall behind , to not be a loser .
Whereas in Russia , except for the very few super - rich , everybody 's a loser .
So you do n't feel so bad .
Solzhenitsin said something about that after he came to America .
He said that here , a person who has horrible dandruff or picks their nose constantly would be immediately sanctioned by society ... but in the Soviet Union , he'd be part of the group .
Everybody got to be part of the ongoing Russian enterprise .
Yeah , though that 's changing now , especially in Moscow .
But in the old days it was like : who has a cool car ?
Nobody has a cool car .
Who has nice clothes ?
Nobody .
Everyone is ... the Russian expression is " v govne , " which means " in shit . "
There 's an expression in Russian , " sovok " which roughly means a Soviet mentality .
The literal translation of the word refers to a tiny shovel you use in a sandbox .
There is a legend about a Soviet film director who was getting drunk in a sandbox with some friends of his in the seventies ; completely wasted on vodka , he picked up the little shovel and said , " But all the same , gentlemen , we all of us live v sovke [ in the shovel ] . "
The story , of course , is total bullshit , means nothing , and certainly has nothing to do with the origin of the expression sovok .
But placing so much stock in this long - winded , idiotic , totally fictional story is very sovok in itself .
I 'm not explaining myself very well , but whatever .
Anyway , Putin is draining the life out of sovok a little , which is too bad .
That sounds like a relief , compared to America .
I think of somebody like John McCain , who does the most incredible groveling at the feet of Bush .
My friend
Mike thinks the Bush people are blackmailing him with something , but I think what they have on him is just ambition .
He wants to be president .
If you have a certain kind of ambition it just destroys you .
People will do humiliating , grotesque things for ambition .
They 'll drink their own pee .
Whereas ...
If you know everything 's hopeless , you wo n't bother .
Then you can just get on with enjoying being alive .
Do you know that thing Hunter Thompson wrote about the bull elk ?
He wrote this thing bout how it 's normally the craftiest animal in the forest , and normally you can't get within 2,000 yards of it without it bolting .
But when it's in heat , the town drunk can walk right up next to the fucking thing .
It 's just so horny that its judgment is completely clouded .
That 's how he described politicians .
I always liked that .
How did you end up playing basketball in Mongolia ?
I played basketball in Mongolia in 96 .
I 'd been working in Moscow and I played a lot of street basketball and I ran into this Mongolian kid who told me there was a Mongolian basketball league called the MBA -- the Mongolian Basketball League .
So I just packed up my shit , na avos like I said , and got on a train and moved to Mongolia .
I got a tryout and I ended up this team called Altain Burgid , which means " Mountain Eagles . "
I played there for a season .
The only reason I left is because I got sick .
Otherwise I 'd probably still be there .
I got pneumonia and had to leave the country to be treated .
Mongolia was great , but its health care system nearly killed me .
At first their doctors thought I had bronchitis , and their idea of treatment was a sort of Buddhist acupressure thing .
That did n't work .
I started coughing up blood a few weeks later and ended up being airlifted out of the country .
Actually that was n't the whole story .
In the latter stages of my illness I continued to play in the basketball league , despite the fact that I was losing ten pounds a week or so .
At one point I caught an elbow in the mouth and had three of my teeth shattered .
Then in another game I got scratched in the eyeball , which left my left eye completely blood red .
Meanwhile I had long before shaved my head and grown a goattee as part of this Dennis Rodman look I was trying for on the court .
So by the time I left I had pointed fangs , a bald head , a bloody eyeball , and I weighed about 50 pounds below my usual weight .
When I finally got off the plane at JFK I looked like Nosferatu .
Incidentally the one tooth the Mongolians did fix , they fixed using cement , like industrial cement .
So I had a cement top front tooth .
It was a dark , almost pencil - gray color .
It ended up exploding in my mouth on a chicken bone .
I went for a long time without a date after Mongolia .
Have you ever read Roald Dahl 's memoirs ?
I bring it up as an example of horribly mistaken medical treatment .
One of his grandfathers fell off the roof of his house when he ( his grandfather ) was a kid and broke his arm .
The town doctor showed up drunk , and was convinced that he had a separated shoulder , and his arm had to be put back in the socket .
So he kept twisting the grandfather 's arm ... until it had to be amputated .
He was Dahl 's one - armed grandpa .
It 's a , uh , funny story .
I never read Roald Dahl , his books scared me , but I guess that makes sense .
What is it about English writers -- they all seem to have mutliated aunts and uncles .
Was n't Saki 's mother trampled to death by a cow or something ?
Did you play basketball as a kid ?
Yes , I grew up around sports .
My father was a much better athlete than I was .
I played everything when I was a kid .
Me too .
I 'm jealous of anyone who 's ever able to get paid for paying sports .
I got paid once in a half - goat .
That was one of our bonuses in Mongolia .
And they split the goat literally right down the middle of its body with a saw .
And so it was then your responsibility to transform the half - goat into ...?
Well , food or whatever .
I was also working as the head of the English - language department of Montsame , which is the state news agency .
So I just threw my half - goat out on the balcony at work .
And since it never gets above minus twenty during the winter , the goat was fine .
Then around the holiday season one of my co-workers got drunk in the morning and came up to me and asked me if he could have it , so he got the goat .
Well , getting paid in goats would be good enough for me .
Just as long as I got something .
For playing sports , I would n't mind getting paid in tadpoles .
What were the other people on the other team like ?
Basketball is a really big deal in Mongolia .
So even though I was n't making a ton of money and it was n't a real high level of the game , we had the lifestyle of pro athletes .
Everywhere we went people would fawn over us .
I also had my own radio show .
In English ?
In English and in Russian .
Almost everybody spoke Russian in Mongolia back then .
It was a call - in show .
Our slogan was " Bringing the new steps to the steppes . "
It was the gayest thing of all time .
I had no I idea how funny I was n't .
But when we would go into a club ... there was a guy on my team named Batzaya , the national slam - dunk champ , he was like the Michael Jordan of Mongolia .
If you were rolling with Batzaya , you were n't going home alone .
I remember once he and his girlfriend crashed at my girlfriend 's place and he came in to our room in the morning and asked us both if we had been listening to him and his girl have sex the night before .
It was very important to him that we tell him how long he 'd lasted .
I told him tav minute , five minutes .
That bothered him for days .
During the next game , in a timeout , he pulled me aside and said , " No tav minute !
Arav [ ten ] minute ! "
But I held fast and said , " Tav minute . "
He yells back : " No Tav minute !
Arav minute ! "
There are only like 600 people in the stadium , everyone could hear what we were saying .
That was some seriously funny shit .
You know , I do n't think I 've ever met a Mongolian .
There also are n't many Mongolians in movies .
What do you look like if you 're Mongolian ?
Like a really muscular Korean .
There 's some Russian blood in there somewhere , but mostly it went the other way .
That 's why the Russians are sometimes down on Mongolia .
They spent 800 years being raped by Mongolians .
It 's kind of funny actually .
A lot of Russian women have these beautiful , big , exotic , almond - shaped eyes , and to most foreigners that makes them seem mysterious and alluring , but I look at them and I just imagine their great - great - great - great grandmothers being set upon on piles of oats by crowds of grunting Batzayas .
Anyway , the Mongolians are fantastic people .
Drunken , but very charming .
They have an advantage , which is it 's so far away from everything else no one wants to travel the distance you have to go to get there .
And there are no resources there that anybody really wants .
There is n't too much interference by the outside world .
Yeah , the paradox is that being a country with lots of natural resources sucks .
You get invaded every six minutes .
I remember there was great dread in Mongolia when it was thought that oil had been discovered there .
What do you eat in Mongolia ?
Flour and meat , basically .
I think the high point of my masculine existence was one night when I was sick and my girlfriend there cooked me an antelope steak .
She was like , " Here you are , honey . "
I thought : it does n't get any better than this .
She was Mongolian ?
No , she was ethnically Indonesian .
She worked in a Canadian aid program , teaching .
Half the people in Ulan Bator were working for some kind of international organization like US - AID .
Do you have a list of the weirdest foods you 've consumed while traveling ?
Definitely .
I 've eaten horse penis .
I was in Kazakhstan .
I honestly do not remember what the circumstances were .
I was at dinner at somebody 's house , in a situation where it would have been rude to say no .
Was it presented as a delicacy ?
You were the guest so you got the horse penis ?
I was made to understand it was considered a really good food .
What did it taste like ?
... please say , " Like chicken penis . "
I do n't think it had a distinctive flavor .
But then there 's kmuiss , both in Mongolia and Russia .
It 's mare 's milk .
It has a really foul smell , but you get used to it .
It 's also almost as alcoholic as beer .
I 've also had dog soup , in Uzbekistan .
I lived there for a while in my early twenties .
Stalin moved a lot of Koreans there after World War II , so there 's a huge Korean population in Taskent .
I had a lot of Korean friends , and one night they made soup with dog meat .
I 've always wondered about that .
Which are the delicious dogs , and which are the dogs you should steer clear of ?
I do n't know .
I 'm sure I was eating low - grade dog .
But I do know there are natural steroids in dog meat .
So if you eat dog you 'll bulk up like you 're taking steroids .
So it 's possible Mark McGwire has never taken steroids , but just eats a lot of dog .
I think Korean athletes actually have been bounced from the Olympics for that .
So after Mongolia you went back to Russia .
How did you start the Exile ?
Were you ever scared of having people blow up the office ?
Were you scared of your advertisers being threatened ?
Originally I was supposed to do this paper called Living Here , which was a competitor to the Exile .
Basically I showed up in Moscow and found out it was a mess and bolted to the Exile instead .
Ames was there already , he was there from day one .
I would n't say it was enormously scary .
There was a situation once where I was working in a partnership with this Russian paper called Stringer .
And the Stringer editor and I arranged to wiretap the phone of the Kremlin Chief of Staff .
We bought off this ex-KGB operative to do that .
And then we published transcripts of his telephone calls .
That was a pretty dangerous thing to do .
I was pretty nervous about that .
I was actually out of the country when we first ran that .
When I flew back into the country , I was detained on the way in , and I did n't know what for , and nearly shit my pants .
It turned out the lamination on my passport was messed up .
There were some tight moments , though .
The thing about Russia is you really never know .
You never know when you 're safe , and you never know when you 're in danger either .
Anything can happen .
Early on I had this situation with this pimp named Michael Bass , who made a fairly serious threat to my life .
So I had to split town and negotiate safe passage back with some other gangsters .
My life has never been threatened .
How is a death threat carried out ?
In Russia they have this thing called a krysha , which means " roof . "
It 's your mafia protection .
I published this thing on this pimp , and he called me up on the phone and he said , " Matt , I do n't know what to do .
My roof wants to have you wacked , but I do n't feel good about that .
You know what I 'm saying ? "
He did n't say " I 'm going to kill you . "
He just let me know there was this discussion going on .
And he's not sure how he 's going to come down on the issue .
I went to the FBI after that happened , because this guy happened to be an American citizen .
And I complained to them , saying that these guys were threatening me .
Their advice was , " Observe normal safety precautions . "
I was like , thanks a lot !
I remember the FBI guy like it was yesterday .
I was telling him this story in the basement of the embassy , and he was n't listening to me because he was enjoying a cold Diet Coke so much .
It was like he'd never had a Diet Coke before .
What made you decide it was serious enough you wanted to leave town ?
This guy Bass was in a lot of trouble generally .
He was constantly borrowing money from people and getting in scrapes .
He was always on the verge of getting killed himself — he was actually kidnapped a couple of times .
He was a real doubledealing swindler - scumbag .
And when he was in trouble he would often get so desperate ... not having much experience with this sort of thing , I thought maybe that if he needed to prove himself to some other underworld figure , I could easily see how someone like me could become expendable .
So I left town and ended up talking to the people who were the real gangsters in the situation , and worked it out .
What was the case that you made to them ?
To be honest , I do n't even remember .
It was something along the lines of , Michael 's making threats and invoking your name .
Again , that was a dangerous thing for Michael to be doing if that was n't true .
But they pretty much let me know that they did n't have any problem with me .
Within a year I was having dinner with Bass .
Hilariously , he stuck me with the bill .
Violence often has a self - limiting aspect to it .
Your smarter gangster will only resort to violence when absolutely necessary .
It 's the real morons for whom violence is a first resort .
For instance : the Bush administration .
Yes , well , that is why America is a doomed empire .
You can see it so clearly in the Putin - Bush relationship .
On the one side you have Putin , a self - made criminal genius , a guy who 's had to learn to see every angle before they even happen in order to keep from getting shot on his way to the top .
On the other side you have Bush , a total zero who fucked up everything he ever tried and ended up in the White House anyway .
These other foreign leaders in the third world , the Putins and Musharrafs and the like , they 're playing every hand with their own money .
They understand the immediate physical consequences of failure .
It has been a long time -- not since World War II , anyway -- since America has needed to be smart enough to protect itself from real harm .
It has forgotten how to save its bullets for the real fights .
And so it stumbles into this place and that , shooting out windows and randomly wrecking shit like teenagers playing mailbox baseball .
Sooner or later that is going to come back and really bite us .
CNN 's Fareed Zakaria endorses Obama David Edwards
Published : Sunday October 19 , 2008
Print This Email This
On his weekly CNN show , Fareed Zakaria said that he would be voting for Barack Obama .
This video is from CNN's Fareed Zakaria GPS , broadcast October 19 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Television | Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Nov 14 , 2008 in Cinema
It ’s 007 season again and countless fanboy hours will be wasted debating the merits of who was the best James Bond of all time — a sad process of sorting out the pecking order of a sad line up that started with Sean Connery and ends with Daniel Craig .
And while I have my favorites in the role , the best James Bond of all time for my money is Patrick McGoohan .
In 1962 the first of the Bond films hit the screen with Sean Connery in the leading role as 007 , and I have to admit ( in terms of film history as we know it ) Connery brought a real sense of magic to the role .
However Ian Fleming ’s choice for the role was David Niven who was much more high brow than Connery .
In 1967 Niven did get his chance to play Bond in Casino Royale , but being a comedy it would be unfair to judge him on the role .
But the key thing here is that Connery should n’t be thought of as the primordial secret agent by any means .
Which brings us back to Patrick McGoohan :
He was not only offered the role of 007 ( which he turned down ) but he was also offered the role of The Saint ( which he also turned down ) .
However in spite of never being 007 it can be said that McGoohan ’s work on Danger Man and later The Prisoner put him in a class above anyone who has played a secret agent on the small or large screen for all time .
The first thing that puts McGoohan a cut above the rest is that he started his career as a stage actor — so he ’s able to bring a bit more dimension and ambiguity to playing a secret agent .
When you ’re watching McGoohan on the screen he ’s never a flat cartoon character but instead a complex character with a past .
Connery has the sex appeal and brute strength , but McGoohan is more than a pretty boy or a jock — you get the feeling that the wheels are turning upstairs and that he ’s seen a bit of the world .
Another thing that places McGoohan above the rest was his insistence to reinvent the cliches of the secret agent .
Upon returning to his role in Danger Man he insisted that the character always use his brains before using a gun and that there be no kissing .
Can you imagine the likes of anyone who has ever played James Bond being able to pull off a secret agent role with those limitations ?
Not only that but with those limitations McGoohan makes his role even more believable .
And then of course there ’s The Prisoner itself :
The concept was n’t his , but not only did he star in the show but he produced and wrote for it .
The show itself might not only represent the best of the spy genre , but may be one of the best television series of all time ( and at the very least would belong in anyone ’s top ten list ) .
While you can say that Ian Fleming put secret agents on the silver screen , with his creative input Patrick McGoohan made it into an art form that has yet to be topped .
There are a lot of polls , both national and state , swirling around .
I find it best to monitor the action at FiveThirty Eight.com , where I ’ve become a disciple of Nate Silver .
And , I ’m also constantly monitoring Pollster.com .
Things are looking good , pollwise , but the right wingers have been on a crusade of late to say that John McCain is on the move .
That ’s why , while I try not to cherry pick polls , I take some glee in posting the FOX News / Rasmussen polls from five key states : Florida , Missouri , Virginia , Ohio and North Carolina .
These are all states Bush won .
FOX / Rasmussen has Obama ahead in all but North Carolina , where he ’s tied .
Obama is doing very well in traditionally blue states and has locked down New Mexico and Iowa , which Bush won in 2004 .
That means if he wins any one of these five states , he ’s the president .
I think he ’ll win far more than that .
Somehow , FOX and the other right wingers will try to spin this into bad news for Obama .
Let them spin themselves into a frenzy because this is pretty damn good for 22 days out .
And , remember , today , in the new stump speech , the Erratic One said he has Obama right where he wants him .
Okay :
Fox News / Rasmussen Reports polling this week in Florida , Missouri , North Carolina , Ohio and Virginia shows a very stable race whose underlying dynamic strongly favors Barack Obama over John McCain .
Obama holds a narrow advantage ranging from two to five percentage points in four of the five states and is tied with McCain in North Carolina .
Keep in mind that all five of these states were carried by George W. Bush in Election 2004 .
The only notable change in the horse race results this week come from Ohio where Obama is now on top , 49 % to 47 % .
For each of the previous two weeks , McCain was up by a point in the Buckeye State after enjoying larger leads earlier this fall .
The race for Ohio ’s 20 Electoral College votes is now well within the margin of sampling error but trending towards the Democrat .
In Virginia , a state that no Democrat has won since 1964 , Obama earns 50 % support for the third straight week while McCain is at 47 % .
Those results are essentially unchanged from each of the past two weeks .
In Florida , it ’s Obama 51 % , McCain 46 % .
That ’s a bit closer than last week when Obama enjoyed a seven - percentage point lead .
But , as recently as mid-September , McCain had been leading by five .
This is the second straight week that Obama has been over the 50 % mark in Florida .
McCain has not topped 47 % in any of the last three Florida Fox News / Rasmussen Reports polls .
In Missouri , the results are unchanged from a week ago — Obama 50 % , McCain 47 % .
A month ago , before Wall Street ’s financial problems became visible on Main Street , McCain was up by five points in Missouri .
The first Fox News / Rasmussen Reports poll in North Carolina finds a tie in the Tar Heel State .
Both McCain and Obama earn 48 % of the vote .
These numbers represent a very slight improvement for McCain compared to earlier Rasmussen Reports polling in North Carolina but the fact that the race is even competitive in this southern state signals trouble for McCain .
This only means it is time to redouble our efforts .
We need to vanquish the GOP .
Crush their spirits as Markos says .
Click to view
It 's crazy to think that an operating system can fit every user 's needs out of the box , even if we are just talking about looks .
Luckily , if you 're not keen on the cookie - cutter appearance of your OS , we 've covered a handful of great tools for tweaking every last pixel of your desktop so it looks and acts just how you want .
Earlier this week we asked you to share your favorite desktop customization tools , and now we 're back with the five most popular answers .
Keep reading for a closer look at the best of the best , then cast your vote for the desktop customization tool you count on to transform your desktop in your image .
Advertisement
Samurize
Advertisement
Samurize is a free system monitor and " desktop enhancement engine " for Windows .
With Samurize , you can incorporate text files on your desktop and create custom desktop configurations and HUDs containing virtually any piece of information you 'd like to see on your desktop .
Samurize configurations can be as simple or as complex as you want , and though it has a little bit of a learning curve , a little time with Samurize can go a long way toward a killer desktop — like the Lightning at Sunset desktop .
RocketDock
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
RocketDock brings a Mac OS X Dock - style application launcher to Windows for free .
With RocketDock , you can minimize apps to your dock to thumbnails , tweak any of your icons , view real - time window previews from the dock ( in Vista ) , and quickly launch any app .
Like many of the other apps mentioned here , RocketDock does n't exactly blow you away out of the box , but the app is fully customizable , so you can make it look however you want .
For example , check out these RocketDock desktops to see just how good ( and different ) RocketDock can look .
RocketDock also made our list of five best application launchers .
Rainmeter
Advertisement
Rainmeter is another free system monitor and desktop enhancement tool for creating a fully customized desktop HUD on Windows .
Like Samurize , you 're only limited by your imagination with Rainmeter .
The default Rainmeter skins may seem underwhelming , but with a little elbow grease and creativity , Rainmeter is capable of incredible customizations — like the Enigma desktop we featured last week .
Emerge Desktop
Advertisement
Emerge Desktop is a free Windows shell replacement that swaps out the default Windows taskbar , start - menu , and right - click menu with its own alternatives .
As we said when we first covered it , Emerge creates a clean , minimalist desktop that 's great on its own or a perfect starting point for more customizations .
For example , many of you who voted for Emerge touted it as the ideal companion for either Rainmeter or Samurize .
For more , see how you can use Emerge Desktop to spice up your desktop .
AutoHotkey
Advertisement
AutoHotkey is an open - source scripting language for Windows .
While the language itself is capable of a lot , customization lovers enjoy AutoHotkey 's ability to easily transform window transparency , add keyboard shortcuts to anything , and more .
There 's a bit of a learning curve to tackle if you want to make your own AHK scripts , but it 's a great starter language if you want to try your hand at a little coding .
If you 'd like a quick look at a few ways you might use AHK for desktop customization , be sure to check out the Enigma desktop tutorial and download .
Now that you 've seen the best , it 's time to vote for your favorite desktop customization tool .
Advertisement
Advertisement
This week 's honorable mentions go to Linux customization tool Conky , Windows shell replacement LiteStep , and 3D Linux window manager Compiz .
Renowned medical researcher Donald Abrams , MD ( and the Positive Health Program of the UCSF Medical Service @ San Francisco General Hospital ) is seeking a few more patients for a government - funded study that features patients who consume cannabis . *
Patients accepted into the research program will have travel to San Francisco covered and receive cash payments .
This research program is part of a continuum of medical cannabis - related research performed by Dr. Abrams and his staff .
The goal ’s study is to assess whether using vaporized marijuana affects the safety of prescribed opioids in patients treated for chronic pain .
* To Join This Study You Must :
– Have Ongoing Chronic Pain
– Be 18 or older
– Be on a stable twice - daily dose of sustained - release oxycodone ( Oxycontin ) for at least 2 weeks before enrollment
– Be willing to give up marijuana for a month prior to entering the study
– Not be a cigarette and / or cigar smoker , or be willing not to smoke for 2 weeks before starting the study
– Meet some additional criteria
If You Are Eligible You Will :
– Spend 5 days and nights in a clinical research center at San Francisco General Hospital
– Have blood tests and other measurements done
– I nhale vaporized marijuana three times a day
If you ’re interested in participating in this important medical research , and qualify for the necessary research protocols , please directly contact 415-476-9554 ( x315 ) .
Absent these kinds of well constructed scientific research programs to better understand and determine the medical utility of cannabinoids and cannabis , the federal government will continuously oppose patient access to whole - smoked cannabis , therefore this kind of research takes on an even greater sense of concern and scope than just how a specific therapy interacts with patients .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Susan Powter " Stop the Insanity ! " on Mike and Juliet Show ( Video )
, 51 , is a nutritional speaker , dietitian , personal trainer and author .
Her catch phrase " Stop the Insanity ! " has caught on across the world .
People looking for her cure for obesity flock to her fitness and wellness blog
Check out the video from her appearance on The Morning Show with Mike and Juliet here .
Photo gallery below .
Brain limits
Energy Limits to the Computational Power of the Human Brain
This article first appeared in Foresight Update No. 6 , August 1989 .
A related article on the memory capacity of the human brain is also available on the web .
The Brain as a Computer
A second possible basic operation is inspired by the observation that signal propagation is a major limit .
As gates become faster , smaller , and cheaper , simply getting a signal from one gate to another becomes a major issue .
The brain could n't compute if nerve impulses did n't carry information from one synapse to the next , and propagating a nerve impulse using the electrochemical technology of the brain requires a measurable amount of energy .
Thus , instead of measuring synapse operations per second , we might measure the total distance that all nerve impulses combined can travel per second , e.g. , total nerve - impulse - distance per second .
Other Estimates
A second approach is to estimate the computational power of the retina , and then multiply this estimate by the ratio of brain size to retinal size .
The retina is relatively well understood so we can make a reasonable estimate of its computational power .
The output of the retina -- carried by the optic nerve -- is primarily from retinal ganglion cells that perform center surround computations ( or related computations of roughly similar complexity ) .
If we assume that a typical center surround computation requires about 100 analog adds and is done about 100 times per second [ 3 ] , then computation of the axonal output of each ganglion cell requires about 10,000 analog adds per second .
There are about 1,000,000 axons in the optic nerve [ 5 , page 21 ] , so the retina as a whole performs about 1010 analog adds per second .
There are about 108 nerve cells in the retina [ 5 , page 26 ] , and between 1010 and 1012 nerve cells in the brain [ 5 , page 7 ] , so the brain is roughly 100 to 10,000 times larger than the retina .
By this logic , the brain should be able to do about 1012 to 1014 operations per second ( in good agreement with the estimate of Moravec , who considers this approach in more detail [ 4 , page 57 and 163 ] ) .
The Brain Uses Energy
The total energy consumption of the brain is about 25 watts [ 2 ] .
Inasmuch as a significant fraction of this energy will not be used for useful computation , we can reasonably round this to 10 watts .
Nerve Impulses Use Energy
A nerve cell has a resting potential -- the outside of the nerve cell is 0 volts ( by definition ) , while the inside is about - 60 millivolts .
There is more Na + outside a nerve cell than inside , and this chemical concentration gradient effectively adds about 50 extra millivolts to the voltage acting on the Na+ ions , for a total of about 110 millivolts [ 1 , page 15 ] .
When a nerve impulse passes by , the internal voltage briefly rises above 0 volts because of an inrush of Na+ ions .
The Energy of a Nerve Impulse
To translate Ranvier ops ( 1 - millimeter jumps ) into synapse operations we must know the average distance between synapses , which is not normally given in neuroscience texts .
We can estimate it : a human can recognize an image in about 100 milliseconds , which can take at most 100 one - millisecond synapse delays .
A single signal probably travels 100 millimeters in that time ( from the eye to the back of the brain , and then some ) .
If it passes 100 synapses in 100 millimeters then it passes one synapse every millimeter -- which means one synapse operation is about one Ranvier operation .
Discussion
While the software remains a major challenge , we will soon be able to build hardware powerful enough to perform more such operations per second than can the human brain .
There is already a massively parallel multi-processor being built at IBM Yorktown with a raw computational power of 1012 floating point operations per second : the TF - 1 .
It should be working in 1991 [ 6 ] .
When we can build a desktop computer able to deliver 1025 gate operations per second and more ( as we will surely be able to do with a mature nanotechnology ) and when we can write software to take advantage of that hardware ( as we will also eventually be able to do ) , a single computer with abilities equivalent to a billion to a trillion human beings will be a reality .
If a problem might today be solved by freeing all humanity from all mundane cares and concerns , and focusing all their combined intellectual energies upon it , then that problem can be solved in the future by a personal computer .
No field will be left unchanged by this staggering increase in our abilities .
Conclusion
References
1. Ionic Channels of Excitable Membranes , by Bertil Hille , Sinauer , 1984 .
2. Principles of Neural Science , by Eric R. Kandel and James H. Schwartz , 2nd edition , Elsevier , 1985 .
3. Tom Binford , private communication .
4. Mind Children , by Hans Moravec , Harvard University Press , 1988 .
5. From Neuron to Brain , second edition , by Stephen W. Kuffler , John G. Nichols , and A. Robert Martin , Sinauer , 1984 .
6 . The switching network of the TF - 1 Parallel Supercomputer by Monty M. Denneau , Peter H. Hochschild , and Gideon Shichman , Supercomputing , winter 1988 pages 7 - 10 .
7. Myelin , by Pierre Morell , Plenum Press , 1977 .
8 . The production and absorption of heat associated with electrical activity in nerve and electric organ by J. M. Ritchie and R. D. Keynes , Quarterly Review of Biophysics 18 , 4 ( 1985 ) , pp. 451-476 .
Acknowledgements
Fawzia al - Kurd has been living in the tent since she was evicted on Sunday
By Heather Sharp
BBC News , Jerusalem
Fawzia al - Kurd , 57 , raises her black cloak to show the bottoms of the pyjamas she is still wearing several days after she and her wheelchair - bound husband were forced from the home he had lived in for five decades .
She had no time to change or gather her possessions when the Israeli police arrived in the early hours of Sunday morning .
In borrowed shoes , she shows us around the tent that she now calls home near the single - storey , two room house in East Jerusalem .
Jewish Israelis who had already moved into the extension the Kurd family had built for their son , have now taken over the rest of the flat .
' Never forgive ' Mohammad al - Kurd , 55 , who is partially paralysed and suffers from heart and kidney problems , diabetes and high blood pressure , is now staying with relatives .
He had lived in the house for 52 years when the Israeli Supreme Court served an eviction order on him in July .
" I will never forgive the Israelis for what they have done to me and my sick husband , kicking us out of our own house in the early hours of the morning .
I may forgive other things they have done , but not this , " said Mrs Kurd .
The Jewish - occupied houses are adorned with Israeli flags
The eviction is the culmination of a decades - long legal dispute between the Kurd family and organisations seeking to boost Jewish residency in the Israeli - occupied east of the city .
The case , followed closely by international activists , goes to the heart of one of the most hotly - contested issues in Israeli - Palestinian peace talks - the status of Jerusalem .
Palestinians fear an Israeli drive to create " facts on the ground " in the part of the city where Palestinians are the majority and want to locate the capital of a future state .
Israel considers all of Jerusalem its capital and has annexed to the east of the city and extended its municipal boundaries into the West Bank .
But the international community sees it as occupied , along with the West Bank , since the 1967 Israeli - Arab war .
The few houses draped in blue and white Israeli flags with their own armed guards , amid a cluster of cream stone Arab - style properties , are therefore considered illegal settlements under international law .
Their inhabitants will not speak to the media .
' Not forced out '
But Daniel Luria of Ateret Cohanim , an organisation which promotes Jewish settlement in East Jerusalem says " nobody 's forcing anyone out - the courts ruled they [ the Kurds ] were living there illegally " .
The Kurds ' lived metres from the Jewish settlers who moved into the extension ( Image : ISM )
The Kurd family were among some 700,000 Arabs who fled or were forced from their homes in what is now Israel during the 1948 war that followed the creation of Israel .
Jordan , which controlled the West Bank and East Jerusalem after the war , and the UN housed them and several other families on the plot of land .
But after 1967 , a Jewish association laid claim to it in the courts on the basis of Ottoman - era documents .
An Israeli lawyer working for the Kurd family agreed to relinquish their ownership claim to the land in exchange for " protected tenancy status " .
The family maintain they were unaware he was doing this and fired him as soon as they found out .
July 's court ruling followed a labyrinthine legal battle , but was apparently based on the Kurd family 's refusal to pay rent to a trust fund established in case the Jewish claim was finally validated .
Side - by - side Since 2001 , a group of Jewish settlers has been living in the Kurds ' extension .
Their argument is that it was built without official permission - as is much Palestinian construction in East Jerusalem because the Israeli authorities rarely grant building permits .
Both sides say the other harassed them as they lived side by side , the front doors metres apart .
JEWISH COMMUNITIES IN EAST JERUSALEM
Map of Jerusalem area ( UN OCHA ) [ 743 KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here Mrs Kurd said her Jewish neighbours would teach their children to shoot toy guns at pictures of Palestinian children ; the Jews have said they had excrement and stones thrown at them by local Arabs .
Jewish groups also point out that the house is near the site held to be the burial place of 3rd Century BCE Jewish high priest Shimon Hatzadik , and an old synagogue there was used as a rubbish dump and goat shed until they sought access to clean it up .
A Jewish settlement company has already proposed a 200 - unit development where 27 families neighbouring the Kurds currently live .
They fear they will be next .
Mr Luria says that the eviction is an unusual case .
Counting just over 100 families that have moved into about five sites in what he calls the " Holy Basin " around Jerusalem 's Old City in the past five years , he says most cases are straightforward transactions .
" No - one acts individually to just drive someone out - an Arab wants to sell , he sells and a Jew moves in . "
The sales are usually at inflated prices , sometimes done through middle men to protect the vendors from recriminations .
Mrs Kurd says she turned down an offer of US $ 10 m for her modest apartment .
Daniel Siederman , a left - wing lawyer specialising in Jerusalem , says the location is one of several targeted by Jewish organisations which effectively ring the Old City , home to Muslim , Jewish and Christian holy sites .
" The battle for the Old City has begun , and these are the crown jewels , " he says .
" The Kurd family has been run over by historical forces beyond their power . "
He says the situation is very different for Palestinians trying to reclaim pre-1948 property from what is now Israel .
" We have a very unlevel playing field and it does n't work the other way round . "
To Mr Luria , the Green Line - the 1949 ceasefire line - between East and West Jerusalem is meaningless , whatever the international community says .
" God gave the land to the Jewish people .
Full stop . "
But the Kurds are currently mounting a legal challenge , based on Jordanian documents which have recently come to light .
Mrs Kurd says she is hopeful she will one day return to the house : " It is my homeland , it is my right . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - China ’s mammoth economic stimulus package announced this week is the latest piece of bad news for U.S. Treasury bonds as the market prepares for a borrowing requirement to fund the U.S. government ’s bailout of the banking system .
Bond investors are concerned China may either trim its huge U.S. Treasuries holdings to pay for the country ’s $ 586 billion stimulus package , or slow its purchases of U.S. government debt .
To make matters worse , analysts expect a huge acceleration in U.S. government debt issuance running to some $ 2 trillion over the next year , swelling the size of the $ 4.9 trillion Treasury market and weighing on the prices of these securities .
Add it up and prices should fall and yields surge , analysts worry .
“ The immediate knee - jerk reaction in Treasuries appeared to be a supply - related shock on the possibility that China would have to sell Treasuries to raise cash for the infrastructure spending , ” said Bill Kohli , managing director , global specialist core fixed income with Putnam Investments in Boston .
But for now , a sharp deterioration in the U.S. economy , together with rapidly vanishing inflation as global commodity prices fall , is supporting U.S. government bond prices and keeping down yields .
After news of China ’s stimulus plan hit the U.S. Treasury market on Monday , the initial market reaction was quickly absorbed by “ the overwhelming tide , toward risk aversion and slowdown fears ” for the global economy , Kohli said .
Flows out of riskier assets and fears about the economic downturn drive safe - haven capital flows into Treasuries .
Yet that market move may mask the longer term danger of the surge in supply of longer dated sovereign debt globally as governments ramp up debt issuance to pay for their attempts to shore up growth .
“ Longer term , budget issues and government debt levels are all going to be putting pressure on the longer end of government debt curves , ” as governments bail out private institutions and take on their liabilities , said Kohli .
To finance its huge $ 586 billion economic stimulus plan , China “ will have to either sell its holdings of U.S. Treasury and agency securities , or slow its rate of accumulation in these securities , ” wrote Tony Crescenzi , chief bond market strategist with Miller , Tabak & Co. in a research note .
Beyond the Treasury market , the plunging U.S. housing market needs lower mortgage rates before it can stabilize .
But if the 10 - year Treasury note ’s yield spiked higher , U.S. house prices have little chance of stabilizing as mortgage rates are priced off the U.S. Treasury yield curve .
When debt issued by the now government - controlled mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac is added , China holds between $ 1 trillion and $ 1.5 trillion of U.S. debt securities , analysts estimate .
“ I do n’t think they will need to sell Treasury assets .
There are other assets they can sell , ” said Robert Kapito , president of asset management firm Blackrock , speaking at a Reuters Summit on Tuesday .
China could sell U.S. mortgage - backed securities or the debt of agencies , such as Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac , which would have an impact on these U.S. fixed income markets , Kapito said .
Money to fund China ’s stimulus package , much of it for infrastructure projects , will most likely come from the nearly $ 2 trillion of foreign reserves held by the Chinese government , the lion ’s share of which is in U.S. Treasury and agency debt , which “ in reality amounts to a subsidy of the U.S. economy , ” wrote Peter Schiff , president and chief global strategist with Euro Pacific Capital in a research note on Monday .
“ If it does tap into this ocean of cash , China will become a net seller of U.S. Treasuries just as the U.S. will be issuing a record supply , ” Schiff wrote .
“ With two huge sellers and just about every major creditor nation having problems of their own , the Federal Reserve will be the only buyer , ” he added .
LONG TERM OUTLOOK :
However , over the long term the impact of China needing $ 600 billion to spend over a two - year period may not drive up U.S. Treasury yields much .
China currently runs up a trade surplus of about $ 250 billion a year , and even as world economic growth brakes sharply , will still generate some $ 150 billion annually , enough to pay for most of the plan , expects Sung Won Sohn , professor of economics at California State University in Camarillo , California .
With these surpluses , “ they will have plenty of money to finance the project , ” Sohn said .
Another worry for global bond markets is that should China ’s economic stimulus plan help the world economy rebound , that will lessen the appeal of government bonds , which rally in hard economic times .
Yet Sohn does not expect a major global impact from China ’s initiative .
“ In the past we have heard similar stories of the Chinese trying to shuffle their reserves and it only had a temporary effect , ” Sohn said .
Even so , near term , sales of a comparatively small amount of , say $ 20 billion of Treasuries “ could have a meaningful impact on yields in the short run , ” Sohn said .
Senator Obama has been drawing huge crowds at his rallies .
US Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama aims to change the tone of his campaign on Monday , in the final week before the election .
Mr Obama is expected to stress the need for national unity , as he outlines his case for change at a rally in Ohio .
His Republican rival , Senator John McCain , will warn that a Democratic sweep of the White House and Congress will give the party unbridled power .
He will focus in the last days on swing states that voted Republican in 2004 .
Any serious Republican has to ask , ' How did we get into this mess ? '
Newt Gingrich , former Speaker of the House of Representatives Mr Obama is expected to adopt a more positive tone in the final week , calling for an end to partisan attacks and trying to unify the country .
" We 're all in this together , " he told a rally of 100,000 people in Denver , Colorado at the weekend , his biggest crowd yet .
" We do n't have the luxury of relying on the same political games and the same political tactics that are used every election to divide us , " he added .
From Ohio , Mr Obama will travel to Pennsylvania - the only big state that voted Democratic in 2004 where Mr McCain is still actively campaigning .
Later in the week , he will be in Florida with former president Bill Clinton , and on Wednesday his campaign will broadcast a half - hour documentary across all major television networks .
Republican divisions
Mr McCain and his vice - presidential running mate , Sarah Palin , will spend the final week of campaigning mainly in Florida , Ohio , Virginia , North Carolina , Missouri , and Indiana , all states which voted Republican last time but are now up for grabs .
With the Democrats also leading in many key Congressional races , Mr McCain will be warning voters of the dangers of one party controlling both the executive and legislative branch - and saying that this could mean higher taxes .
He will also be trying to distance himself from the unpopular Republican administration .
" The fact is I am not George Bush .
The fact is I was not popular in my own party , " he said in a US television interview .
And he repeated his claim that he is closing the gap in the opinion polls and " will be up all night " on election day .
But in - fighting has broken out among Republicans worried about the scale of any possible defeat .
" Any serious Republican has to ask , ' How did we get into this mess ? ' " , former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich , who led the Congressional Republicans to victory in 1994 , told the New York Times .
There are also signs of demoralisation on the Republican side .
Mr McCain 's fellow Republican senator from Arizona , John Kyl , told the Arizona Daily Star newspaper : " Unfortunately , I think John McCain might be added to that long list of Arizonans who ran for president but were never elected . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Everybody has a favorite method for fighting spam , the bane of inboxes planet - wide .
Tools like MailWasher and SpamAssassin get the job done for some , but I 'm partial to another solution : Gmail .
Google 's universally adored mail service does a great job filtering out junk - but not just for Gmail accounts .
See , I have a personal domain ( let 's call it hasslefreepc.com ) that I use for my primary e-mail account , and it gets positively bombarded with spam .
By taking advantage of a couple native Gmail features , however , I was able to rid my inbox of 99.9 % of it .
Here 's the process in a nutshell :
1. I created a new Gmail account .
( I already had one , but I wanted a second that was exclusively dedicated to my domain 's mail . )
2 . I clicked Gmail 's Settings link , then headed to the Accounts tab .
3 . I clicked Add another e-mail account and configured Gmail to fetch messages from my domain 's servers ( and to not leave copies there , otherwise my server would eventually get full and start rejecting messages ) .
4. Presto : Gmail automatically scans for spam when it retrieves mail from other servers , so I could have stopped right there .
However , I did n't want browser - based Gmail to be my primary destination for e-mail activities , as I prefer to use Outlook on my desktop and my cell phone for on - the - go messaging .
5 . Therefore , I headed to Gmail 's Forwarding and POP / IMAP tab and enabled IMAP , which allows for two - way communication between Gmail and other mail clients .
6 . Finally , I followed Gmail 's configuration instructions for setting up IMAP with Outlook and other clients .
Now , when I receive e-mail via Outlook or my phone , it 's totally transparent :
There 's no evidence of Gmail 's involvement - except for the total lack of spam , which gets filtered out along the way ( and stored in Gmail 's Spam folder , where you can easily review it for false positives ) .
In other words , Gmail acts as the spam - filtering intermediary between my domain and my PC or phone .
And as an added bonus , it lets me access my mail on the Web , which is very handy at times .
Sometimes I wish I could give Gmail a big fat kiss .
Where – and when ?
The Byzantine Empire lasted for more than 11 centuries , from AD330 - 1453 .
At various times , it incorporated most of Europe , including the Balkans , and Turkey , parts of North Africa , and the Middle East .
Predominantly Greek - speaking and Christian , its power superseded that of the Roman Empire .
The imperial capital was Constantinople , formerly Byzantium , today Istanbul , a city that wielded considerable power until it was eventually conquered by the Ottoman Turks .
Some 300 of the greatest treasures of the Byzantine Empire are currently on display at the Royal Academy of Arts in London ( Burlington House , Piccadilly ; 020-7300 8000 ; royalacademy.org.uk ) , in an exhibition put together in collaboration with the Benaki Museum in Athens .
Among the treasures are the " Antioch Chalice " , on loan from the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York , once thought to be the Holy Grail ; and nine icons from St Catherine 's Monastery in Sinai , which have left Egypt for the first time .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The exhibition continues until 22 March , and several free lunchtime lectures on different aspects of Byzantium will take place between now and then .
The Royal Academy opens 10 am - 6 pm daily , until 10 pm on Fridays .
Admission to the exhibition costs £ 12 .
Timed tickets can be booked in advance online or by phone ( 0870 848 8484 ) and cost £ 13.50 .
What can I see of Byzantium today ?
Like the Roman Empire , Byzantium left an indelible mark on its lands .
If you have travelled at all , you are likely to have seen the influence , if not the actual cities , of Byzantium .
Byzantine architecture , typified by a Greek cross plan , or later the cross - in - square design , can be seen in churches such as St Sofia , in the Bulgarian capital Sofia ; the monastery of Djivari in Georgia ; and the cathedral in Kiev .
In other buildings , most notably the Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem , Byzantine craftsmen were used to create the mosaic decoration .
And Byzantine artefacts have found their way into collections as varied as that of the National Museum in Belgrade and the Cathedral Treasury in Troyes , France .
Where to start ?
Istanbul .
Most of what was Constantinople is contained within a triangular peninsula south of the Golden Horn ; much of it is still enclosed within the old Byzantine walls .
The aim of the Emperor Constantine was to create a city that would outdo Rome , and he constructed a number of public buildings to add to its grandeur .
British Airways ( 0844 493 0787 ; ba.com ) and Turkish Airlines ( 0844 800 66 66 ; thy.com ) both fly to Istanbul 's Ataturk airport from Heathrow ; Turkish Airlines also flies there from Manchester and Stansted , and , from 15 December , will operate five flights a week from Birmingham .
And easyJet ( 0905 821 0905 ; easyjet.com ) flies from Gatwick and Luton to Sabiha Gokcen airport , 20 miles south - east of the city , on the Asian side of the Bosphorus strait .
These days , a certain amount of imagination is required to visualise the layout of the imperial city .
The Forum , known as the Augusteion , was on the space that is now Sultanahmet Square ; along one side were the Aya Sofya baths , now the Turkish Handwoven Carpet Sales Centre ( 00 90 212 638 0035 ) .
Even if you do n't need a carpet , it 's worth a visit to see the architecture .
Across the square from the baths is the Hippodrome , the construction of which was started by the Romans , but finished and expanded by the Byzantine emperors until it was considerably larger than its modern remains suggest .
The pillars we see today were part of a line of columns representing the Axis of the Empire and symbolising its power .
Close by is the Byzantium Hotel , at Akbiyik Caddesi 29 ( 00 90 212 458 6200 ; thebyzantiumhotel.com ) , a pleasant boutique property in the heart of the old quarter .
A double room costs € 90 ( £ 75 ) , including breakfast .
The Byzantine city was dominated by the Emperors ' Palace , much of which is now buried beneath the modern city .
Excavations near the Blue Mosque revealed Byzantine mosaic floors dating from the 6th century , and these are now displayed , in situ , in the Mosaic Museum , or Buyuk Saray Mazikleri Muzesi , on Torun Sokak ( 00 90 212 518 1205 ) .
But Istanbul 's finest Byzantine monument is the church of Aya Sofya .
Constantine wanted to build a Christian city , and he had a basilica constructed opposite the Forum .
This was rebuilt some 200 years later by Justinian , who commissioned Aya Sofya , Constantinople 's most impressive monument and one of the greatest buildings in the Christian world , smaller but a thousand years older than St Peter 's in Rome .
The basilica is now a museum ( 00 90 212 522 1750 ) , open 9 am - 5 pm except Monday .
Before he commissioned this masterpiece , Justinian had a trial run , and had the church now known as Little , or Kucuk , Aya Sofya built on Kucuk Aya Sofya Cad .
Now converted into a mosque , this square structure , with pillars inside supporting a dome , was modelled on the church of St Vitale in the Italian city of Ravenna .
Is this a place I should visit ?
Yes , and Ravenna is easily accessible from several of the cities on the Ryanair network ( 0871 246 0000 ; ryanair.com ) , including Rimini ( from Stansted and East Midlands ) ; Bologna ( from Stansted , Birmingham and Edinburgh ) ; and Ancona ( from Stansted ) .
Ravenna , which had been an important city of the Roman Empire , was developed under the Byzantines to become the greatest artistic centre in Italy , and capital of the Western Empire .
The Byzantines maintained and developed the tradition of mosaics , elaborate pictures made of pieces of hard stone , or tesserae , which were irregularly cut and then glazed so that they would glitter in the light .
Many of the monuments in Ravenna are decorated with mosaics , and the best are considered to be among the masterpieces of Byzantine art .
The most beautiful include those that decorate the Mausoleum of Galla Placidia ; the Basilica of St Apollinare in Classe on the southern edgeu o of the city ; and the Church of St Vitale , where the mosaic scenes include depictions of the Emperor Justinian and his wife .
Other mosaics worth admiring are found in the Orthodox Baptistry , the Basilica of Sant' Apollinare Nuovo , and the Arians ' Baptistry .
Adjoining San Vitale is the National Museum , which contains many treasures , including some early examples of Byzantine glass .
An admission ticket of € 8.50 ( £ 7 ) covers St Vitale , the Mausoleum and St Apollinare Nuovo ; all open 9.30 am - 7 pm daily .
I 'd like to see some icons
St Catherine 's Monastery , at the foot of Mount Sinai in Egypt , was built by the Emperor Justinian next to a small chapel , founded two centuries earlier beside what was believed to have been the site of the Burning Bush , from which God spoke to Moses and gave him the Ten Commandments .
The chapel was decorated with a magnificent collection of icons , which are still in the church , one of the few parts of this still - functioning monastery – the oldest in the world – that are open to visitors ( 9 am - noon Monday to Thursday ) .
Following the rise of Islam in the seventh century , Egypt ceased to be part of the Byzantine Empire , which saved these priceless works of devotional art from almost - certain destruction .
In the eighth and ninth centuries , periods of iconoclasm led to the destruction of many ancient icons within the jurisdiction of the empire .
As a result , the rarity of the paintings at St Catherine 's , as well as their beauty , makes them all the more awe - inspiring .
The monastery is a couple of miles from the village of Al - Milga , where there are hotels and shops .
Trips to St Catherine 's are usually included as optional extras by many tour operators , including Kuoni ( 01306 747002 ; kuoni.co.uk ) , offering package trips to Sharm el - Sheikh and other parts of the Sinai .
What happened to the treasures of Byzantium ?
Constantinople was sacked by the Crusaders in 1204 , and much of its treasure was looted and scattered all over Europe , hence it ending up today in European museum collections .
Many exquisite pieces were taken to St Mark 's Basilica in Venice ( basilicasanmarco.it ) , itself built in Romanesque - Byzantine style , and kept in its Treasury .
A number of objects were removed by Napoleon in the 18th century , but the Treasury still contains a rich collection .
Among the exhibits are caskets , incense holders and bowls in silver and crystal adorned with precious stones .
The Treasury is inside the Basilica , but opens shorter hours : 9.45 am - 4 pm Monday to Saturday ; 2 - 4 pm on Sundays from November until Easter ; until 5 pm the remainder of the year .
Admission € 3 ( £ 2.50 ) .
The recently reopened Bode Museum on the Museum Island in Berlin ( 00 49 30 266 3666 ; smb.museum /smb ) , which now incorporates the Museum of Byzantine Art , is another collection to visit .
It consists of works from the whole period of the empire gathered from most of the countries that formed part of it .
Among the highlights are exquisite carvings and icons from the Byzantine court in Constantinople .
The Bode opens 10 am - 6 pm daily , until 10 pm on Thursdays ; admission € 8 ( £ 6.70 ) .
Another important collection can be seen in the Benaki Museum in Athens , an attractive neoclassical building near the city centre , at 1 Koumbari Street ( 00 30 210 367 1000 ; benaki.gr ) , where icons , jewellery , religious artefacts and domestic equipment are all on display , giving a comprehensive picture of life throughout the Byzantine era .
Open 9 am - 5 pm Monday , Wednesday , Friday and Saturday ; 9 am - midnight Thursday , 9 am - 3 pm Sunday ; admission is € 6 ( £ 5 ) .
More of the Byzantine legacy in Greece ?
Thessaloniki , the second city of Greece , was the most important in the Byzantine Empire , and although it has suffered during the course of history from war and fire damage , it is a pleasant , green city on the coast .
Since being European Capital of Culture in 1997 , it has enjoyed quite a resurgence .
Among airlines operating direct flights to the city are British Airways and easyJet .
Thessaloniki's Byzantine treasures include a number of small churches , such as Panagia Chalkeon , Panagia Acheiropoietos , and Osios David , a building that appears drab from the outside but features a wonderful mosaic of Ezekiel within .
The Museum of Byzantine Culture , at 2 Stratou Avenue ( 00 30 2310 868 570 ; mbp.gr ) , is one of the major museums of Greece , and has an extensive collection of artefacts that help to explain the social history of Thessaloniki .
Across Greece 's northern border , in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , there are a number of Byzantine treasures to be discovered .
In Skopje , the capital , the old city – the Stara Charsija – was a thriving commercial centre in Byzantine times .
At Ohrid , there are some excellent examples of Byzantine churches , including St Sophia , which has some well - preserved frescoes .
A few miles outside the city , close to the Albanian border , you will find St Naum , a monastery complex in a dramatic lakeside location , with , inside , a variety of fine religious art works .
Explore ( 0845 013 1537 ; explore.co.uk ) runs a 14 - night trip to Ancient Macedonia , which will take you to Skopje , Ohrid and Thessaloniki .
Prices start at £ 1,155 , including flights , transport , bed and breakfast accommodation and one dinner .
And elsewhere in Byzantium ?
Andante Travels ( 01722 713800 ; andantetravels.co.uk ) offers a choice of holidays in other areas of the former empire .
The six - night Bare Bones Byzantium tour , departing on 3 November 2009 , focuses on Istanbul , but also includes a trip along the Bosphorus .
The trip costs £ 1,200 per person , which includes flights , bed and breakfast accommodation , and a guest lecturer .
Martin Randall Travel ( 020-8742 3355 ; martinrandall.com ) operates tours for Friends of the Royal Academy ( subscription from £ 66 per year ) .
During 2009 , the company will run a nine - day trip to Byzantine Greece , and a seven - day tour of Istanbul combined with visits to some of the Byzantine churches of Cappadocia .
Among other holidays that are available to everyone is a five - day trip in Italy that will include the Ravenna mosaics , Urbino and Rimini .
' Byzantine ' Bristol
The city in south - west England was never part of the Byzantine Empire , but for a brief period during the 19th century , a style of neo -Byzantine architecture became popular there .
Characterised by decorative arches and coloured bricks , it was used mainly in industrial buildings .
Among those that survive is the Colston Hall ( 0117 922 3686 ; colstonhall.org ) , an important concert venue ; a former tea warehouse , Bush House , on Narrow Quay , which now houses the Arnolfini contemporary arts centre ( 0117 9172300 ; arnolfini.org.uk ) ; and The Granary , pictured , once famous as a nightclub and rock venue , now converted into flats .
What 's Rolling Around In Your Head ?
COPENHAGEN , Denmark , Nov. 14 ( UPI ) --
Bottle bombs containing hydrochloric acid were found at two sites where children play in the Danish city of Copenhagen , police said .
The Copenhagen Post said Friday that during the past two days four of the homemade bombs were removed from a playground and a park .
Advertisement
Three of the explosive devices had been placed on a playground on the city 's northeast side .
Another bomb was found in a Norrebro district park , police said .
Investigators said they had no leads on who created the bombs or why the two sites were targeted .
The Post said hydrochloric acid can be particularly dangerous since the compound has corrosive qualities that can deteriorate human tissue and damage an individual 's respiratory system .
House Designs
From tiny and portable to sleek and modern , or unbelievably luxurious – homes come in all shapes , sizes and styles .
Peruse our collection of stunning architectural beauties and dream – or plan – your own perfect abode .
Look for ideas or just enjoy the impressive homes from around the world featured here .
This selection of magnificent designs offers a variety of styles and special features .
Talk about a sign of the times in the journalism industry .
Staffers at the Longmont Times - Call recently received an internal e-mail inviting them to work as valets at a private Christmas party for the Lehman family , who own the paper .
And at least two employees have already accepted the offer .
The party honors Ed Lehman , who 's currently in his 51st year as the Times - Call 's publisher , and his wife Connie -- and Dean Lehman , the paper 's editor and president ( and Ed's son ) , says valets are needed because many of the guests are elderly and may need a little extra help .
So , too , do small - market journalists in a struggling economy , so Lehman saw it as natural to give Times - Call workers the chance to earn a little extra cash as Christmas approaches .
He says valets will earn the same rate of pay they receive at their day job for the hours they work .
Although most Times - Call employees are n't invited to this bash , they 'll have a holiday celebration of their own .
Lehman says the entire workforce is invited to a catered sit - down luncheon .
Presumably , there 'll be no need for valet parking at this event .
-- Michael Roberts
Pac -Man Mailboxes
These mailboxes look just like ghosts from Pac - Man .
For reals .
Taken with Olympus E500 digital camera October 19th 2008 .
Click image for larger view .
In this picture you can see some Norway maple ( Acer platanoides ) leaves that I photographed this autumn .
I really like the shape of maple leaves and with autumn colors they can be a stunning sight .
The sun were shining through the tree tops unto the leaves so I just had to take a picture of them .
The autumn colors are almost gone now so it is nice to able to look some pictures and remember how nice it was .
The Norway maple is the only type of maple tree that is native to Norway .
The maple trees grow in the southern part of Norway where the climate is a bit warmer .
Check out my other photo from the same trip of the forest floor covered with leaves and my other autumn pictures here .
Note :
This photo was taken in the southeastern part of Norway .
Information about the picture :
Camera : Olympus E-500 digital SLR camera
Exposure : 0.001 sec ( 1/1600 )
Aperture : f/3.2
Focal Length : 11 mm
ISO Speed : 200
Lens : Olympus Zuiko Digital 11-22 mm F2.8-3.5
Location : Fjellstrand in Nesodden , Akershus in southeast of Norway
If you still believe in Santa Claus , you might also have expected to wake up on Christmas morning and find an iPod stocked with the long - promised reissues of all the Beatles albums .
But if you know the shocking truth about Santa , you probably know that the vaunted Beatles reissues do n’t exist either , outside the vaults of EMI , the group ’s record label , and Apple , the company the band set up in 1967 to oversee its interests .
Other long - anticipated Apple projects , like DVD versions of the Beatles ’ Shea Stadium concert and the “ Let It Be ” film , failed to turn up for the holidays as well .
And if you put any faith in Paul McCartney ’s passing mention , in November , that the 1967 avant - garde track “ Carnival of Light ” might be released , do n’t hold your breath : this track has been dangled before ( about a decade ago , when Mr. McCartney used it as the soundtrack of an unreleased “ photofilm , ” made from photographs of the Beatles taken by his first wife , Linda ) .
Indeed , whenever Mr. McCartney releases a new album ( as he did the week “ Carnival of Light ” was mentioned ) , reports of “ long - lost ” Beatles tracks that “ might be released ” suddenly surface , but the recordings themselves do not .
Even the most believable of reports , floated by EMI insiders , proved fruitless this year .
During the summer EMI was said to be preparing a deluxe remastered edition of the “ The Beatles ” ( popularly known as “ The White Album ” ) to celebrate the 40th anniversary of its release .
The anniversary came and went , with no sign of the reissue .
Hello Francois ,
Le tournage commence à 9h ( heure de Paris ) .
Tu vas pouvoir vivre 7 puissants cours pour activer l’abondance dans ta vie .
Et ces 7 cours vont être tournés en direct devant toi .
Pas de rediffusion .
Une fois le tournage terminé à 12h , tout sera envoyé au montage pour l’intégrer dans mon programme Réinvente - toi .
Voici le lien d’accès - Clique ici un peu avant 9H Voici le programme : 1 . J'explose les croyances limitantes ( coaching musclé )
2. INS : élimination des résonances de misère dans votre système psycho-énergétique
3 . Comment se créer un véhicule de richesse et de liberté .
4. INS : nettoyage et installation de l'état d'abondance
5 . Les 4 lois à respecter pour exponentialiser ses richesses
6. L'équation de la richesse ( simple , évident ... mais trop peu mise en pratique . )
7. INS finale :
Le serment d'abondance juillet 2020 A tout à l’heure !
Jean -Luc
Jean -Luc De Wachter
Formateur , coach et auteur .
Créateur du programme " Réinvente - toi "
Anti-drug ads do n't seem to work
You remember all those anti-drug ads you were seeing for the last , uh , eleventy gazillion years ?
The ones that were so prevalent and ridiculous that a whole culture of parody has sprung up around those ads ?
In what is potentially a surprise to almost no one with any critical faculties available to them at all ... the ads apparently do n't work :
A congressionally mandated study released today concluded that the National Youth Anti-Drug Media Campaign launched in the late 1990s to encourage young people to stay away from drugs " is unlikely to have had favorable effects on youths . "
In fact , the study 's authors assert that anti-drug ads may have unwittingly delivered the message that other kids were doing drugs , inadvertently slowing measured progress that was being made to curb marijuana use among teenagers .
Here 's the best part :
Here 's the best part :
The study 's authors called the findings , published in the December edition of the American Journal of Public Health , " particularly worrisome because they were unexpected . "
Uh , suuuuure , no one on earth expected messages from the government - a bastion of credibility on the topic of " things we might enjoy in private without destroying our lives " - to fall on deaf ears .
Oh sure , the ONDCP disputes the study , noting teen marijuana use is down ; but there 's no explicit link between the fact and the fact of the carpet - bombing of anti-drug ads that were delivered .
In fact : Uh , suuuuure , no one on earth expected messages from the government - a bastion of credibility on the topic of " things we might enjoy in private without destroying our lives " - to fall on deaf ears .
Oh sure , the ONDCP disputes the study , noting teen marijuana use is down ; but there 's no explicit link between the fact and the fact of the carpet - bombing of anti-drug ads that were delivered .
In fact :
In one part of the analysis , teens who recalled seeing 12 or more anti-drug messages per month were actually more likely to start using marijuana than those who had seen fewer anti-drug messages per month .
Which just proves the maxim that even bad publicity is good publicity .
Of course , if there were truly evidence that marijuana was more destructive to a person than alcohol or cigarettes , we might have something to go on here .
Sure , it 's regrettable that kids get involved in drug use when they 're too young to appreciate all the consequences , but heavy - handed " your brain is a fried egg " bullshit when kids ' brains are clearly not getting fried by casual use is not the way to build credibility .
Which just proves the maxim that even bad publicity is good publicity .
Of course , if there were truly evidence that marijuana was more destructive to a person than alcohol or cigarettes , we might have something to go on here .
Sure , it 's regrettable that kids get involved in drug use when they 're too young to appreciate all the consequences , but heavy - handed " your brain is a fried egg " bullshit when kids ' brains are clearlygetting fried by casual use is not the way to build credibility .
» more at : www.abcnews.go.com
Posted By Scotto at 2008-10 - 17 00:28:36 permalink | comments
Tags : war on drugs ONDCP advertising marijuana » More ways to bookmark this page
Comments ( 1 )
Shark spotted with the body of a man in its jaws as witnesses look on in horror
Feared dead : Brian Guest was snorkelling when a great white shark struck near Perth , Australia
A huge shark - believed to be a great white - rolled over in the water with the body of a man in its jaws in a horror scene described by witnesses .
Bank officer Brian Guest , 51 , was grabbed by the shark as he was snorkelling for crabs with his 24 - year - old son Daniel off the coast of Western Australia today when the feared monster of the deep struck .
The water turned red with blood as the shark carried the father of three away after the attack , just 25 feet from the beach at Port Kennedy , 20 miles south of the State capital , Perth .
Witnesses on the beach told of seeing a ' flash of fin ' but local man Luke Tubbs , who lives near the beach , described a horrific scene in which the shark could be seen with Mr Guest 's body in its jaws .
While he did not witness the event personally , he said it had been described to him by another man who had run to his home to raise the alarm .
' He told me he just saw a big splash and then the shark roll over in the water with the guy - and then ( he saw ) no body or anything . '
Police , emergency services and volunteers search the coastline for any sign of Mr Guest , but his body had not been found several hours after the terrifying attack .
Mr Guest 's son was swimming some 20 feet from his father when the shark struck and while Daniel is understood not to have witnessed the actual attack , he realised his father was in trouble when he saw the water turn red with blood .
He swam quickly to the beach , shouting for help .
Rescuers later reported they had found parts of a wetsuit believed to belong to the missing man , as warnings went out to beachgoers to stay out of the water .
Attack : Police carry out investigations on Rockingham beach following the death of Mr Guest
There have been reports of a large shark swimming in waters near Rockingham in recent days but it is not known if it was responsible for attacking Mr Guest .
His family insisted the great white responsible should not be hunted down and destroyed , with Mr Guest previously telling his family that if he were ever to fall victim to a man-eating shark then ' so be it ' .
His son Daniel , described Mr Guest 's ' love and respect for the ocean environment ' .
A shark pictured in the water off Port Kennedy Beach , where Brian Guest was attacked
' He was fully aware of the risks he took diving and would not have wanted to see any shark hunted down because of an attack , ' said Daniel .
Supported by his father 's younger brother , Bill , Daniel said he regarded his father 's disappearance as a random event that should not make people fear the water .
' There will be a time when I will go back into the water .
When I 'm ready to do that , I 'll do that .'
Mr Guest had often said that if he ever fell victim to a shark , then ' so be it ' .
His family have asked for the shark to be left alone to ' respect ' nature
In response to Daniel 's appeal - and his father 's often - stated wishes - police said there would be no hunt for the estimated 16ft great white responsible for the attack .
In an angler 's website in 2004 Mr Guest wrote : ' I have always had an understanding with my wife that if a shark or ocean accident caused my death , then so be it - at least it was doing what I wanted . '
Mr Guest 's death came in the early hours of the morning , often considered a dangerous time for swimming during ' shark season ' , Australia 's summer months .
Jaws of death : A great white is thought to have attacked Brian Guest
There has been a surge in shark sightings around Australian beaches , with a South Australian surf life - saving organisation reporting that its aerial patrol had spotted sharks 39 times so far this summer - the same number for the entire summer last year .
Even Sydney 's famous Bondi beach has not escaped a ' visit ' from the most feared creature in the sea .
A shark 's fins being spotted close to the beach resulted in more than 1,000 people being urged by loudspeaker to get out of the water .
Shark experts believe the increase in numbers can be attributed to many more fish being available for the sharks to follow for food .
' Increased sightings obviously lead to the possibility of an increase in attacks , said Andrew Fox , son of Rodney Fox who survived a terrifying great white attack decades ago .
Even people who stand waist - deep in water are not safe from an attack - a few years ago a Western Australian man was attacked when he was wading back into the beach .
He died from blood loss on the sands .
One thing you have to concede to Dick Cheney .
He says what he thinks .
And so we get this :
WALLACE : This is at the core of the controversies that I want to get to with you in a moment .
If the president during war decides to do something to protect the country , is it legal ?
CHENEY : General proposition , I 'd say yes .
You need to be more specific than that .
I mean but clearly , when you take the oath of office on January 20th of 2001 , as we did , you take the oath to support and defend and protect the Constitution of the United States against all enemies , foreign and domestic .
The irony seems lost on him .
How can the suspension of all laws into the power of the executive branch in wartime be seen as a defense or protection of the Constitution ?
Perhaps for a brief amount of time in a dire emergency , after which there would be a thorough accounting to the Congress and the Courts .
But indefinitely ?
As inherent in the office ?
And with jurisdiction over the entire United States as well as the world ?
With " enemy combatants " defined as anyone the president calls an " enemy combatant " and no distinction between citizen and non-citizen ?
Including the right to torture ?
Indefinitely ?
What Cheney has advanced is that the president has the right to dissolve the constitution permanently .
That he has the right to commit war crimes with impunity .
That there is no legal authority to which he is ever required to pay deference in a war that is his and his alone to declare and end .
Now when you consider that , in Cheney 's view , these war - powers are limitless , and that war is declared not by the Congress but by the president , and can be defined against a broad , amorphous enemy such as " terrorism " , and never end , you begin to see what a dangerous man he is , and how much danger we have all been in since he seized control of the government seven years ago .
And Cheney 's colorful explanation of this theory is also extremely revealing :
The president of the United States now for 50 years is followed at all times , 24 hours a day , by a military aide carrying a football that contains the nuclear codes that he would use and be authorized to use in the event of a nuclear attack on the United States .
He could launch a kind of devastating attack the world 's never seen .
He does n't have to check with anybody .
He does n't have to call the Congress .
He does n't have to check with the courts .
He has that authority because of the nature of the world we live in .
What Cheney is saying is that if the president of the United States has the power to destroy all civilization alone , he has the power to do anything up to and including that .
Chris Wallace asks the right questions , but it is very telling that he did n't ask about torture .
I presume that was agreed by Fox and Cheney in advance .
I can see no other reason for the lacuna .
But what we know with real clarity is the following : the vice - president long ago became an enemy to the Constitution and to all it represents .
He should have been impeached long ago ; and the shamelessness of his exit makes prosecution all the more vital .
If we let this would - be dictator do what he has done to the constitution and get away with it , the damage to the American idea is deep and permanent .
( Photo : Alex Wong / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Once again , thanks to DRM , a new product ends up less useful than the one it replaces .
This time , it 's the new family of Apple Macbook laptop computers that gets the downgrade .
When it launched the new Macbooks , Apple announced that they would sport a new digital video output connector , known as Mini DisplayPort .
What Apple failed to mention , however , is that those connectors allow movies studios to force the computer to authenticate any external monitor before allowing playback of programs purchased or rented from the iTunes Store ( Microsoft 's Windows Vista does something similar ) .
In other words , the HDTV monitor or projector that worked for you yesterday , wo n't work with your new computer tomorrow if Hollywood has embedded a flag in the iTunes content you paid for .
This is a remarkably short - sighted move for both Apple and Hollywood .
This punishes existing iTunes customers : several have reported that iTunes purchases that played on external monitors on their old Macbooks no longer will play on their new Macbooks .
In other words , thanks to the Macbook " upgrade , " Apple just " downgraded " everyone 's previous investment in iTunes content ( if we 've told you once , we 've told you a dozen times -- when you buy DRMd content , the vendor can snatch your investment from you at any time ) .
And it 's still not clear how bad this will be for purchasers of new Macbooks -- if Apple has deployed DPCP content protection on its DisplayPort implementation , there are virtually no display devices that support this new - fangled lockdown standard ( it 's not clear from news reports whether the Macbook DisplayPort will work with HDCP - compatible display devices over DVI or HDMI connectors ) .
As for the movie studios , this gives legitimate customers one more compelling reason to avoid " legit " sources of content in favor of downloading from The Pirate Bay or ripping DVDs using Handbrake .
So this is just another example of the way in which the MPAA companies use DRM not to stop piracy ( since this will , if anything , encourage people to opt for the Darknet ) , but rather to control those who make devices that play movies .
86 percent of Fox News viewers believed McCain won the debate last night .
Larison has a very sharp answer to Andy McCarthy :
The reason why McCain was smart , if gutless , to avoid talking about Obama ’s associations last night is that he and his advisors seem finally to have recognized that invoking Ayers is not an effective tactic .
This is remarkable because this tactic is incredibly popular among people on the right who think that talking endlessly about the “ surge ” is a good idea , and McCain still does n’t understand that the “ surge , ” like his obsession with earmarks , means little to most voters who want out of Iraq anyway .
Even though there is little or no evidence that his obsession with the “ surge ” works with the general electorate at all , McCain has continued to invoke it every chance he gets .
Just as he does not understand that the “ surge ” represented a change in tactics ( it is not a strategy ! ) , he has never grasped that the tactic of hitting Obama on his opposition to the “ surge ” was achieving nothing .
Until last night , it seemed as if his campaign was going to make the same mistake in making Ayers a centerpiece of the last few weeks , when Ayers , like the “ surge , ” is something that excites and mobilizies only core supporters and no one else .
Naturally , many of those core supporters are upset that he did not launch the attacks that they think are so powerful , but what they might consider is that the fact that McCain deliberately avoided using them should tell you something about how truly weak they are .
After all , McCain has shown he has no compunctions about smearing Obama and lying about the records of his opponents ; McCain wants to win , and he clearly despises Obama .
So if attacking Obama on his associations was an effective tactic , McCain would have done it with the same gusto he showed when belittling Obama ’s alleged lack of understanding of foreign affairs .
That does not seem to be the lesson that many of his supporters are going to take away from last night .
Instead , they are going to adopt something like Vietnam revisionism in which they express certainty that their candidate could have won if he ’d just been willing to do whatever was necessary .
2000
60
( a , b , c ) ( a , b , c ) ( a , b , c )
a 2 + b 2 = c 2 a^ { 2}+b^{2} = c^{2} a 2 + b 2 = c 2
1700
450
300
200
11
th
16
th
17
th
17
th
18
th
(
)
18
th
18
th
18
th
19
th
19
th
20
th
19
th
a x = b ax = b a x = b
x = b / a x = b/a x = b / a
a = b / x a = b/x a = b / x
a a a
(
)
1637
a x = b ax = b a x = b
1557
a x ax a x
a a a
x x x
(
)
x + 3 = 0 x + 3 = 0 x + 3 = 0
2
2
2
2
3
2
3
2
3
2
3
5
400
350
Mathematics starts with counting .
It is not reasonable , however , to suggest that early counting was mathematics .
Only when some record of the counting was kept and , therefore , some representation of numbers occurred can mathematics be said to have started .
In Babylonia mathematics developed fromBC .
Earlier a place value notation number system had evolved over a lengthy period with a number base of .
It allowed arbitrarily large numbers and fractions to be represented and so proved to be the foundation of more high powered mathematical development .
Number problems such as that of the Pythagorean tripleswithwere studied from at leastBC .
Systems of linear equations were studied in the context of solving number problems .
Quadratic equations were also studied and these examples led to a type of numerical algebra .
Geometric problems relating to similar figures , area and volume were also studied and values obtained for π .
The Babylonian basis of mathematics was inherited by the Greeks and independent development by the Greeks began from aroundBC .
Zeno of Elea 's paradoxes led to the atomic theory of Democritus .
A more precise formulation of concepts led to the realisation that the rational numbers did not suffice to measure all lengths .
A geometric formulation of irrational numbers arose .
Studies of area led to a form of integration .
The theory of conic sections shows a high point in pure mathematical study by Apollonius .
Further mathematical discoveries were driven by the astronomy , for example the study of trigonometry .
The major Greek progress in mathematics was fromBC toAD .
After this time progress continued in Islamic countries .
Mathematics flourished in particular in Iran , Syria and India .
This work did not match the progress made by the Greeks but in addition to the Islamic progress , it did preserve Greek mathematics .
From about the Century Adelard of Bath , then later Fibonacci , brought this Islamic mathematics and its knowledge of Greek mathematics back into Europe .
Major progress in mathematics in Europe began again at the beginning of the Century with Pacioli , then Cardan Tartaglia and Ferrari with the algebraic solution of cubic and quartic equations .
Copernicus and Galileo revolutionised the applications of mathematics to the study of the universe .
The progress in algebra had a major psychological effect and enthusiasm for mathematical research , in particular research in algebra , spread from Italy to Stevin in Belgium and Viète in France .
The Century saw Napier Briggs and others greatly extend the power of mathematics as a calculatory science with his discovery of logarithms .
Cavalieri made progress towards the calculus with his infinitesimal methods and Descartes added the power of algebraic methods to geometry .
Progress towards the calculus continued with Fermat , who , together with Pascal , began the mathematical study of probability .
However the calculus was to be the topic of most significance to evolve in the Century .
Newton , building on the work of many earlier mathematicians such as his teacher Barrow , developed the calculus into a tool to push forward the study of nature .
His work contained a wealth of new discoveries showing the interaction between mathematics , physics and astronomy .
Newton 's theory of gravitation and his theory of light take us into the Century .
However we must also mention Leibniz , whose much more rigorous approach to the calculusalthough still unsatisfactorywas to set the scene for the mathematical work of the Century rather than that of Newton Leibniz 's influence on the various members of the Bernoulli family was important in seeing the calculus grow in power and variety of application .
The most important mathematician of the Century was Euler who , in addition to work in a wide range of mathematical areas , was to invent two new branches , namely the calculus of variations and differential geometry .
Euler was also important in pushing forward with research in number theory begun so effectively by Fermat Toward the end of the Century , Lagrange was to begin a rigorous theory of functions and of mechanics .
The period around the turn of the century saw Laplace 's great work on celestial mechanics as well as major progress in synthetic geometry by Monge and Carnot TheCentury saw rapid progress .
Fourier 's work on heat was of fundamental importance .
In geometry Plücker produced fundamental work on analytic geometry and Steiner in synthetic geometry .
Non-euclidean geometry developed by Lobachevsky and Bolyai led to characterisation of geometry by Riemann Gauss , thought by some to be the greatest mathematician of all time , studied quadratic reciprocity and integer congruences .
His work in differential geometry was to revolutionise the topic .
He also contributed in a major way to astronomy and magnetism .
TheCentury saw the work of Galois on equations and his insight into the path that mathematics would follow in studying fundamental operations .
Galois ' introduction of the group concept was to herald in a new direction for mathematical research which has continued through the Century .
Cauchy , building on the work of Lagrange on functions , began rigorous analysis and began the study of the theory of functions of a complex variable .
This work would continue through Weierstrass and Riemann Algebraic geometry was carried forward by Cayley whose work on matrices and linear algebra complemented that by Hamilton and Grassmann .
The end of the Century saw Cantor invent set theory almost single handedly while his analysis of the concept of number added to the major work of Dedekind and Weierstrass on irrational numbers Analysis was driven by the requirements of mathematical physics and astronomy .
Lie 's work on differential equations led to the study of topological groups and differential topology .
Maxwell was to revolutionise the application of analysis to mathematical physics .
Statistical mechanics was developed by Maxwell Boltzmann and Gibbs .
It led to ergodic theory .
The study of integral equations was driven by the study of electrostatics and potential theory .
Fredholm 's work led to Hilbert and the development of functional analysis .
There are many major mathematical discoveries but only those which can be understood by others lead to progress .
However , the easy use and understanding of mathematical concepts depends on their notation .
For example , work with numbers is clearly hindered by poor notation .
Try multiplying two numbers together in Roman numerals .
What is MLXXXIV times MMLLLXIX ?
Addition of course is a different matter and in this case Roman numerals come into their own , merchants who did most of their arithmetic adding figures were reluctant to give up using Roman numerals .
What are other examples of notational problems .
The best known is probably the notation for the calculus used by Leibniz and Newton Leibniz 's notation lead more easily to extending the ideas of the calculus , while Newton 's notation although good to describe velocity and acceleration had much less potential when functions of two variables were considered .
British mathematicians who patriotically used Newton 's notation put themselves at a disadvantage compared with the continental mathematicians who followed Leibniz Let us think for a moment how dependent we all are on mathematical notation and convention .
Ask any mathematician to solveand you will be given the answer .
I would be very surprised if you were given the answer , but why not .
We are , often without realising it , using a convention that letters near the end of the alphabet represent unknowns while those near the beginning represent known quantities .
It was not always like this : Harriot usedas his unknown as did others at this time .
The convention we useletters near the end of the alphabet representing unknownswas introduced by Descartes in .
Other conventions have fallen out of favour , such as that due to Viète who used vowels for unknowns and consonants for knowns .
Of coursecontains other conventions of notation which we use without noticing them .
For example the sign " = " was introduced by Recorde in .
Alsois used to denote the product ofand , the most efficient notation of all since nothing has to be written !
It is quite hard to understand the brilliance of major mathematical discoveries .
On the one hand they often appear as isolated flashes of brilliance although in fact they are the culmination of work by many , often less able , mathematicians over a long period .
For example the controversy over whether Newton or Leibniz discovered the calculus first can easily be answered .
Neither did since Newton certainly learnt the calculus from his teacher Barrow .
Of course I am not suggesting that Barrow should receive the credit for discovering the calculus , I 'm merely pointing out that the calculus comes out of a long period of progress starting with Greek mathematics .
Now we are in danger of reducing major mathematical discoveries as no more than the luck of who was working on a topic at " the right time " .
This too would be completely unfairalthough it does go some why to explain why two or more people often discovered something independently around the same time .
There is still the flash of genius in the discoveries , often coming from a deeper understanding or seeing the importance of certain ideas more clearly .
We view the history of mathematics from our own position of understanding and sophistication .
There can be no other way but nevertheless we have to try to appreciate the difference between our viewpoint and that of mathematicians centuries ago .
Often the way mathematics is taught today makes it harder to understand the difficulties of the past .
There is no reason why anyone should introduce negative numbers just to be solutions of equations such as .
In fact there is no real reason why negative numbers should be introduced at all .
Nobody owned - books .
We can think ofas being some abstract property which every set ofobjects possesses .
This in itself is a deep idea .
Addingapples toapples is one matter .
Realising that there are abstract propertiesandwhich apply to every sets withandelements and thatis a general theorem which applies whether they are sets of apples , books or trees moves from counting into the realm of mathematics .
Negative numbers do not have this type of concrete representation on which to build the abstraction .
It is not surprising that their introduction came only after a long struggle .
An understanding of these difficulties would benefit any teacher trying to teach primary school children .
Even the integers , which we take as the most basic concept , have a sophistication which can only be properly understood by examining the historical setting .
If you think that mathematical discovery is easy then here is a challenge to make you think .
Napier Briggs and others introduced the world to logarithms nearlyyears ago .
These were used foryears as the main tool in arithmetical calculations .
An amazing amount of effort was saved using logarithms , how could the heavy calculations necessary in the sciences ever have taken place without logs .
Then the world changed .
The pocket calculator appeared .
The logarithm remains an important mathematical function but its use in calculating has gone for ever .
Here is the challenge .
What will replace the calculator ?
You might say that this is an unfair question .
However let me remind you that Napier invented the basic concepts of a mechanical computer at the same time as logs .
The basic ideas that will lead to the replacement of the pocket calculator are almost certainly around us .
We can think of faster calculators , smaller calculators , better calculators but I 'm asking for something as different from the calculator as the calculator itself is from log tables .
I have an answer to my own question but it would spoil the point of my challenge to say what it is .
Think about it and realise how difficult it was to invent non-euclidean geometries , groups , general relativity , set theory , .... .
By Caroline Wyatt
Defence correspondent , BBC News
Gordon Brown has announced detail of the UK withdrawal from Iraq
For the first time , a rough official timetable for British forces to leave Iraq has been made public .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown has said that the British mission there will end no later than 31 May , 2009 .
He is expected to provide further details of the withdrawal to Parliament on Thursday .
His visit to Baghdad came after the Iraqi cabinet agreed a draft law on Tuesday , which should be approved by the Iraqi parliament before the end of the year .
It states that foreign forces - including Britain - will have until the end of next July to leave the country .
US forces are covered under a separate Status of Forces Agreement , which will allow them to stay until the end of 2011 .
Car bomb attack
This statement marks the beginning of the end of the British military mission in Iraq , almost six years after the US - led invasion in 2003 .
British troop numbers peaked in Iraq that year , with 46,000 in total , in the operation which toppled Saddam Hussein from power and plunged the country into years of deadly insurgency and brought it to the brink of civil war .
Some 178 servicemen and women from Britain have lost their lives in Iraq since the invasion .
Only 4,100 British forces are still left in Basra , the majority of them based at the air station outside the city .
Their main task now is training and mentoring Iraqi forces , including the Iraqi Army and Iraqi Navy , the latter a key task , as Iraq 's oil platforms need to be protected .
UK troops to leave Iraq ' by July '
Once the bulk of British forces have left , a few hundred are expected to remain to continue that training mission .
On Wednesday , the day Gordon Brown announced the planned withdrawal , a loud explosion rang through central Baghdad .
It was a car bomb , followed by an improvised explosive device ( IED ) , which killed 18 and left 52 people injured , an indication that life for most Iraqis is still far from normal .
The security situation has improved markedly since the US troop surge last year , but every day still brings bombs , IEDs or shootings somewhere in Iraq .
Cities such as Mosul , in the north , still see regular violent clashes , in a nation that feels bruised , battered and bloodied by more than five years of conflict .
' Unpopular war '
However , Basra , home to the British area of operations in the south , has been much more peaceful since Operation Charge of the Knights , the operation led by the Iraqi Army in March .
It was designed to rid the city of Shia militias and gangs of criminals who had controlled much of the city .
British forces helped train Iraq 's 14th Division , which took part in the mission , but the UK played only a minor role in the operation itself , apparently taken by surprise by its timing .
Critics said the UK's earlier decision to leave Basra Palace and withdraw to the air station in December 2007 , allowed a security vacuum to develop in the city which only ended with the successful Iraqi military offensive .
The British have been training the Iraqi military in Basra When British troops withdraw , it is expected they will hand over Basra air station to US forces , who will remain in the south to ensure security and protect the vital supply route that leads from Kuwait to Baghdad .
The withdrawal is likely to be met with a sense of relief in Britain that a controversial and unpopular war is at last drawing to a close .
Initial expectations that the invasion in 2003 could be quick and light , with US and UK forces and their allies handing the country back rapidly to a new Iraqi government , were dashed in the sectarian clashes that followed .
Iraqis now hope their country is finally on the path to a more peaceful future where it can determine its own path politically and economically , and is able to prosper without the presence of foreign armies on its soil .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TIP : Press SHIFT to slow down , turn on scrolling in OPTIONS on the main mneu .
PLAY MORE PIXELJAM GAMES
If you believe author / activist Naomi Klein , there 's a nefarious conservative conspiracy intent on making the world safe for capitalism by exploiting national crises to force political change .
Whatever you think of Klein 's " Shock Doctrine " thesis , Google CEO Eric Schmidt seems like an unlikely candidate for the cabal .
But at a talk in Washington D.C. on Tuesday , the head - honcho of the Search Engine That Walks Like a Verb did see a green lining in the current financial crisis : an opportunity to " stimulate the economy " by launching an ambitious infrastructure program that aims to fundamentally alter the American energy system .
Schmidt spoke at an event sponsored by the New America Foundation .
He argued that the green lining in the economic implosion is that it has created demand for a massive domestic stimulus , opening the door to large - scale public works programs of the sort undertaken by Franklin Roosevelt during the Great Depression .
Instead of subsidies for the foundering U.S. auto industry , said Schmidt , we have an opportunity to leverage the bailout to " decarbonize our economy . "
Clean energy sources like solar and wind power face a " grid problem , " according to Schmidt :
The optimal areas for renewable power generation are n't hooked up to the areas where the people who need power are .
The effort to build out that infrastructure , said the Googler - in - Chief , could be sold as a jobs program for local contractors hard hit by the moribund housing market .
Federal pre-emption could be invoked to cut through the bramble of diverse state regulations and enable deployment of smart grids that manage power more efficiently , Schmidt believes .
Citing the ARPANET — funded by the Defense Department , but partially built and then massively expanded by for - profit companies —
Schmidt argued for a similar public - private collaboration to build a better power grid .
Schmidt drew several more specific suggestions from Google 's Clean Energy 2030 Plan , a $ 4.4 trillion proposal to drastically reduce American dependence on fossil fuels and foreign oil , which the company projects would return $ 1 trillion in savings over its lifespan .
Among these : a Federal Energy Lending Authority , modeled on the Farm Credit Act of 1916 , and a cash - for - clunkers program that buys older polluting cars to get them off the roads .
A self - described " big fan of infrastructure , " Schmidt argued that the technological innovation needed to improve our power networks will depend on the quality of our information networks .
That means — in addition to traditional steps like offering matching grants for green companies and a permanent R&D tax credit — promoting wider network connectivity via both wired broadband and whites paces to " enable a whole new category of platforms . "
Pressing a theme popular with Barack Obama 's tech surrogates , Schmidt also waxed enthusiastic about the power of network technology to create a more transparent and participatory politics .
" Government has not embraced , generically , the tools we all use every day , " said Schmidt .
" It 's time . "
Pointing to the Patent Office 's Peer - to - Patent program for crowdsourcing patent application analysis , Schmidt asked " why is that not true of every branch of government ? "
The same " police of the Internet " who debunked political rumors during the campaign could be turned on key legislative and regulatory issues .
" A lot of people care passionately about them , " joked Schmidt , " and they obviously have a lot of free time . "
The one deviation from the generally upbeat tone of the proceedings came during the question and answer period , when a representative of the group ConsumerWatchdog.org challenged the CEO to adopt more privacy - protective practices on its websites and in the new Chrome browser .
Schmidt was clearly familiar with the changes sought by the group , but suggested that some of them — such as default SSL connections and IP anonymizing in the browser 's " incognito mode " — were unlikely .
" The default is not to use the most secure form because it slows everything down , " Schmidt explained .
So how realistic is the Google agenda ?
It certainly sounds as though Schmidt at least has the ear of incoming White House Chief - of - Staff Rahm Emanuel , who this week told business leaders that an economic stimulus packaged focused on promoting " green infrastructure " and clean energy would be " the first order of business " for the Obama administration .
Emanuel seems to have read The Shock Doctrine as well :
He recently told The New York Times that one must " never allow a crisis to go to waste , " because " they are opportunities to do big things . ”
Associated PressPresident Bush and President - elect Obama walk along the West Wing Colonnade of the White House in Washington , prior to their meeting in the Oval Office .
( AP Photo / Charles Dharapak )
All weekend long , we read and heard references to " executive orders " -- chiefly , that through the use of such mechanisms , President - elect Obama planned to overturn Bush Administration policies .
But it struck us at some point during the interview of John Podesta , the head of Obama 's transition team , on Fox News Sunday , that we really ...
Using autofs for GPG keys on a USB stick
The problem
GPG potentially provides a great deal of security , both for encryption and signing .
However , like all crypto programs the security provided is only as secure as the keys used .
Therefore , keeping private keys safe is important .
Like a lot of Free Software developers , I do much of my development and email work on my laptop .
Quite a bit of this work need GPG ( e.g. for signing packages before uploading them into the Debian archive ) , so I need to have access to my key (s ) on my laptop .
Laptops present a significant security risk here : rather than living in a reasonably secure location at home or in the office , they travel around and get used in all sorts of locations .
This means they 're much more likely to be lost or stolen , along with whatever data is on them .
Losing your GPG private key is bad !
To mitigate against this , many people choose not to store their private keys directly on their laptops ; the most common way to do this is using a USB stick : small , cheap removable storage that should be easy to keep secure ( it will fit in a pocket ! ) .
So long as an attacker does not get the USB stick , the key is secure .
However , even that is not ideal .
USB sticks are still quite easy to lose .
An even better solution would be to make sure that an attacker needs both the laptop and the USB stick to be able to gain access to the GPG private key .
There are quite a few ways to do this ( see other options below ) .
Here is my solution .
My solution
I use a combination of the following software to store my GPG key on a USB stick so that I can safely use GPG on my laptop :
loop - aes ( encryption for disk partitions , removable media , swap space and other devices )
autofs ( kernel - based automounter for Linux )
I 'm using the versions of both as they 're found in Debian Etch ( 4.0r2 ) - I run " stable " as the base operating system on my laptop .
I would expect all of the following to work with newer versions , but I can't strictly guarantee that .
I use autofs already on my laptop for automatically mounting various network and other filesystems like removable media .
There are other similar options available if you use Gnome or KDE , but I do n't by preference .
As I 've already chosen to use autofs , it 's an easy matter to add extra uses for it .
USB stick setup
When I started using a USB stick for my private key , I just had a 32 MB stick ( the cheapest I could find ) .
At that point , there was not much space free on the stick .
As USB sticks get larger and larger in capacity , that 's no longer the case .
It 's a shame to waste the space on one by just using it for private keys , so now I partition my current 1GB stick and split up the space .
I have one partition simply formatted with FAT32 , and a ( much smaller ) second encrypted partition where I store my private key data .
I 've found this quite handy - I have space that I can use for carrying around data I need to share , without having to expose my key data .
# fdisk -l / dev/sdb Disk / dev/sdb : 1048 MB , 1048576000 bytes 1 heads , 63 sectors / track , 32507 cylinders Units = cylinders of 63 * 512 = 32256 bytes Device Boot Start End Blocks Id System / dev/sdb1 2 27904 878944 + c W95 FAT32 ( LBA ) / dev/sdb2 27905 32507 144994 + 83 Linux
There are a couple of non-obvious things here .
By setting up a Windows - friendly partition ID on the first partition , this stops Windows from helpfully suggesting " this USB stick does n't appear to contain anything .
Should I format it ? "
Then using a non-Windows partition ID on the other partition stops Windows from messing with it .
Linux wo n't care what the partition ID is later .
The first partition on the USB stick is uninteresting at this point ; it 's just a bog - standard , boring FAT32 for data sharing with anything that can read / write FAT32 .
Setting up an encrypted filesystem
The next step is to create an encrypted filesystem within that second partition .
I 'm quite specific about how I do this ; maybe I 'm being overly ( or even underly - !) paranoid , but my goal ( as stated above ) is to make the private data on the USB stick useless without the laptop .
To do that , I create an AES - encrypted filesystem in the second partition on the stick .
There are ( again ! ) some non-obvious steps to this :
" Scrub " the partition first - fill it with random data so that the encrypted data added later will not be discernible .
# dd if=/dev/urandom of=/dev/sdb2
I deliberately create a random key for that encrypted filesystem and store that key on the laptop .
I do n't even know the key - it's a lump of data from / dev/ random that I store in the file /etc/ loop.key , mode 0600 .
I 'm using a simple , single - key encryption scheme for the key here for the sake of simplicity in my documentation .
See the loop - aes docs for a good run-through on how to set up much better encryption schemes using GPG and multiple random keys .
# dd if=/dev/random >
/etc/loop.key bs=1 count=60
create a random key for that encrypted filesystem and store that key on the laptop .
I do n't even know the key - it's a lump of data from that I store in the file , mode 0600 .
I 'm using a simple , single - key encryption scheme for the key here for the sake of simplicity in my documentation .
See the loop - aes docs for a good run-through on how to set up much better encryption schemes using GPG and multiple random keys .
A problem with many ( all ? ) filesystems is that they have known , recognisable data stored at various points .
This is ( of course ) needed - it's how filesystem code recognises its own on - disk data structures .
But for our uses , it 's less good - known plaintext is a bad thing to have in your encrypted data , as it makes the encryption easier to break .
Therefore , another design choice I make here is to start the filesystem at a random offset inside the partition .
The known plain text is still going to be in the filesystem headers , but the random offset adds orders of magnitude to the cost of finding it .
In all of the examples here , I 've chosen the arbitrary offset of 65326520 .
Make sure you change this if you 're trying to replicate this later .
And no , that 's not the offset I use on my system ... :-)
After you install them , loop - aes comes with a modified loopback block device driver and loop - aes - utils also adds more featureful versions of the losetup , mount and umount programs that interact with it .
These are all you need to make an encrypted loopback device and then use it .
For example :
# losetup -e aes256 -o 65326520 -p 0 /dev/loop/0 /dev/sdb2 < /etc/loop.key # mkfs.vfat /dev/loop/0 # mount / dev/loop/0 / mnt/ pen # mkdir /mnt/pen/gpg # cp $ HOME/.gnupg/secring.gpg /mnt/pen/gpg # umount / mnt/ pen # losetup -d /dev/loop/0
You now have an encrypted block device that contains a filesystem that holds your GPG private key .
Without knowing both the randomly - chosen key data and the offset that we supplied above , that filesystem is useless to anybody .
That 's the point ; storing those 2 secret bits of information on the laptop is the important next step .
At this point , you can try the following to verify that the filesystem mounts fine for you :
# cat /etc/loop.key | mount -t vfat - p0 -o loop , encryption=aes256 , offset=65326520 /dev/sdb2 /mnt/pen
It 's worth doing this by hand for a sanity check ; you 'll be tearing your hair out later otherwise when autofs does n't work for you !
If you 're wondering why I use vfat / FAT32 as the filesystem in the encrypted area , it 's quite simple .
I wanted a small , low - overhead filesystem that supports long file names .
It 's not such an issue now , but when I started using a small USB key ext2 and most of the other Linux filesystems had a lot of overhead on small media .
Autofs setup
Autofs is quite easy to configure , for at least simple setups .
/etc /auto. master defines the list of mount points that it knows about ; the autofs init script will start one copy of autofs for each of them .
Mine looks like :
# $ Id : auto. master , v 1.2 1997/10/06 21:52:03 hpa Exp $ # Sample auto. master file # Format of this file : # mountpoint map options #
For details of the format look at autofs ( 5 ) .
/ auto /etc/auto.misc /auto.removable /etc/auto.removable /auto.pen /etc/auto.pen
The format here is simple : when a user asks for a file under / auto , autofs will look up the right thing to do in the " map " file /etc/auto.misc etc .
If the map file is non-executable , then it should contain a simple list of mappings ( lookup key , mount options and device ) .
If the map file is executable , then the map file will be executed , with the lookup key passed in as an argument .
The map script is then responsible for printing the options and device on stdout ; the calling autofs process will then use that information and call mount appropriately .
If that sounds complicated , it 's not too bad .
But it 's very flexible .
See the autofs documentation for much more detail if you 're interested .
The map that matters here is /etc/auto.pen .
I 've written a simple shell script that will attempt to detect if the USB stick is connected , by looking for a / dev/sdX device with the right size .
More intelligent heuristics are clearly possible , but this works well enough for me .
If the USB stick is not detected , it returns a device of " missing " .
If the USB stick is found , my script will return a device of / dev/sdX1 or / dev/sdX2 depending on the key asked for .
In each case , the script will also print a selection of options .
Most of those will be obvious , but - fstype=pen is special .
#!/bin/sh # # Simple automounter script /etc/auto.pen # # Find the USB key # # Remember : this script needs to be executable !
# # GPL v2 ( c ) Steve McIntyre 2008 # OPTS= " - fstype=pen , sync , nodev, nosuid , ro " DEVBASE=`fdisk -l /dev/sd ?
2>/ dev/null | grep ^ Disk .*1048576000 \ bytes | sed 's ?^.*/d?/d?g;s ?:.*$ ?? g'` if [ " $ DEVBASE " x = " " x ] ; then DEV =missing else case $ 1 in pen ) DEV=$ {DEVBASE}2 ; ; *) DEV=$ {DEVBASE}1 ; ; esac fi echo " $ OPTS :$ DEV "
Normally when working with autofs , you 'd specify a normal filesystem type using - fstype ( such as ext3 , vfat ) .
It passes that option on to the mount program underneath using -t fstype .
However , there is a clever feature here .
Mount is designed to be extensible - if you tell it to work with a filesystem type it does not recognise , it will look for a helper program to run instead , called / sbin / mount. fstype .
This is the final step in the autofs configuration - I have a special mount script ( in /etc / mount.pen for sanity , but sym - linked into / sbin / mount.pen ) that knows just how to call mount to make the encrypted filesystem work .
#!/bin/sh # # /etc/mount.pen # # GPL v2 ( c ) Steve McIntyre 2008 # #
Simple mount script , ready for calling via the automounter # #
Find the USB key and attempt to mount it # #
To make this work , use - fstype=pen in the autofs map , and sym - link # this file into / sbin / mount.pen DEV=$ 1 shift MOUNTPOINT =$ 1 shift case " $ DEV " in * 2 ) logger -t mount.
pen -p kern.error " Auto - mounting $ DEV secure storage " OPTS=" $@, loop , encryption=aes256 ,offset=65326520 " cat /etc/loop.key | mount - tvfat - p0 $ OPTS $ DEV $ MOUNTPOINT ;; *) logger -t mount.pen -p kern.error " Auto - mounting $ DEV normal storage " mount - tauto $ DEV $ MOUNTPOINT ;; esac
GnuPG setup
GnuPG does not know anything about the details of the USB stick at all .
I have simply moved my private keyring ( $ HOME/.gnupg/secring.pgp ) to the filesystem on the USB stick and replaced it with a symbolic link :
tack :~/.gnupg$ ls -al total 13516 drwx --S--- 2 steve users 4096 2008-02-03 02:21 ./ drwxr-xr-x 36 steve users 4096 2008-02-03 02:06 ../ -rw-rw-r-- 1 steve users 4397 2007-06-26 22:21 options -rw------- 1 steve users
13631090 2008-02-03 02:07 pubring.gpg -rw------- 1 steve users 600 2008-01-27 23:27 random_seed -rw-r--r-- 1 steve users 263 2003-08-22 08:33 revoke lrwxrwxrwx 1 steve users 20 2008-01-06 22:12 secring.gpg -> /auto.pen/pen/gpg/secring.gpg -rw-rw-r-- 1 steve users
163280 2008-02-03 02:07 trustdb.gpg
The sym - link will work only when the USB stick is mounted - easy .
That 's all the configuration that I need for GPG .
And here 's one I prepared earlier !
After doing all the above steps , I have my working encrypted filesystem on my USB stick .
Voila !
# stick unplugged tack : ~$ ls -al /auto.pen/pen/gpg/ ls : /auto.pen/pen/gpg/:
No such file or directory tack : ~$ ls -al .gnupg/secring.gpg lrwxrwxrwx 1 steve users 20 2008-01-06 22:12 .gnupg/secring.gpg -> /auto.pen/pen/gpg/secring.gpg tack :~$ ls -alL .gnupg/secring.gpg ls : .gnupg/secring.gpg :
No such file or directory # stick plugged in , wait a few seconds for the USB storage detection # to work tack : ~$ ls -al /auto.pen/pen/gpg/ total 24 drwx------ 2 steve root 2048 2008-01-08 14:36 ./ drwx------ 4 steve root 16384 1970-01-01 01:00 ../ - rwx------ 1 steve root 2696 2008-01-08 14:36 secring.gpg tack : ~$ ls -al .gnupg/secring.gpg lrwxrwxrwx 1 steve users 20 2008-01-06 22:12 .gnupg/secring.gpg -> /auto.pen/pen/gpg/secring.gpg tack :~$ ls -alL .gnupg/secring.gpg -rwx------ 1 steve root 2696 2008-01-08 14:36 .gnupg/secring.gpg
Once I 've finished with the GPG key , autofs will time out and unmount the USB stick .
I explicitly mount that filesystem read - only , so even if I unplug the USB stick early it can't cause any problems on the filesystem .
I also tweak the timeout in the autofs init.d script to make things work slightly faster - the default is 30 seconds , but I prefer 5 .
Other options
Other people have come up with similar ideas to make their private data secure on their laptop / USB stick combination .
As I have more time I 'll link to more of them here .
My good friend Daniel Silverstone has written libgfshare , a secret - sharing library , which is how he solves at least some of this problem .
Matthew Johnson has another way of working : encrypting the entire hard disk and then using a USB stick to hold the needed passphrase .
Revision history
Yes she does have foreign policy experience , says Fox ’s Steve Doocy .
Alaska is right next to Russia !!!
Everywhere she goes , Sarah Palin is stoking the fires of fear and racism , appealing to the lowest common denominator in her audience .
Last week , for example , the mob turned on an African - American member of the media telling him to " Sit down , boy . "
While not explicitly condoning such behavior at her rallies , Sarah Palin has done nothing to discourage this disgusting behavior .
But racism on the campaign trail did n't just come from nowhere .
When Sarah Palin became governor , she told a prominent member of the African - American community that she did not plan to hire any minorities for her staff
Gwen Alexander , the president of the African - American Historical Society of Alaska , told me that Palin stated defiantly that she had no intention to hire any minority staffers .
And according to Bishop Dave Thomas , senior pastor of Anchorage - based African - American church Jesus Holy Temple , the Palin administration excluded black business owners from the Alaskan oil and gas pipeline board .
" We was n't even able or allowed to go into the meetings " to seek contracts for the pipeline , Thomas told me .
Palin further alienated Alaska 's black community by becoming the first Alaskan governor in recent memory to not recognize the Juneteenth celebration of the emancipation proclamation .
" She does n't hire any black people , she does n't have any on her staff , so it 's not a surprise that she does n't support our Juneenth celebration , " Alexander said .
[ emphasis mine ]
But not hiring minorities is n't enough for Sarah Palin .
Apparently , Governor Palin used a racial epithet to demean Barack Obama in public , and frequently uses them with regard to native Alaskans .
And if you thought George Allen calling S.R. Sidarth " macaca " was bad , Sarah Palin looks like David Duke by comparison .
“ So Sambo beat the bitch ! ” This is how Republican Vice Presidential nominee Sarah Palin described Barack Obama ’s win over Hillary Clinton to political colleagues in a restaurant a few days after Obama locked up the Democratic Party presidential nomination .
According to Lucille , the waitress serving her table at the time and who asked that her last name not be used , Gov. Palin was eating lunch with five or six people when the subject of the Democrat ’s primary battle came up .
The governor , seemingly not caring that people at nearby tables would likely hear her , uttered the slur and then laughed loudly as her meal mates joined in appreciatively . [...]
Besides insulting Obama with a Step - N’ - Fetch - It , “ darkie musical ” swipe , people who know her say she refers regularly to Alaska ’s Aboriginal people as “ Arctic Arabs ” – how efficient , lumping two apparently undesirable groups into one ugly description – as well as the more colourful “ mukluks ” along with the totally unimaginative “ f** king Eskimo ’s , ” according to a number of Alaskans and Wasillians interviewed for this article .
[ emphasis mine ]
Regardless of what political party she represents ( Republican , Alaskan Independence or otherwise ) , the racist venom spewed forth by Sarah Palin is unbecoming of a potential leader of the free world , and it 's time for her to go back to Alaska and retreat from the national political scene .
1 of 1 2 of 1
It 's one of those universal ironies .
Those who have the greatest reason to be angry are often the most uncomplaining , as if their tribulations have given them a unique ability to prevent regret from interfering with the joy of being alive .
Vikram Bubber , 29 , of Surrey is like that : indefatigably cheerful and matter - of - fact about the effects that a cancerous tumour in childhood wrought in his life .
An embryonic rhabdomyosarcoma , located in the middle ear on the right side of Bubber 's head , was diagnosed in 1984 while he was living in Regina .
Thus began two years of radiation and chemotherapy treatment to prevent the tumour from spreading to his brain and other organs .
The chemotherapy was administered intravenously , the radiation via a machine that beamed high - energy waves at Bubber 's head .
Medical staff at Regina 's Allan Blair Cancer Centre made Bubber a plastic mask covering half his face that helped stabilize his head for the 30 - minute treatments as he lay on a cold steel table while invisible particles streaked into his five - year - old skull .
It looked , he recalls , like the one worn by the Phantom of the Opera .
Bubber is alive today , proof of the effectiveness of the treatment .
Nonetheless , the side effects of chemotherapy and radiation have been insidious and long - lasting , starting with a loss of hair that grew back , he says , " like baby hair " .
The treatment also appeared to have aged him : he was mistaken for a 40 - year - old when he was 17 and he has profound hearing loss in the right ear and partial loss in the left .
Then , two years ago , Bubber noticed a bump on his right cheek - small but solid .
He immediately suspected cancer , and his suspicions were confirmed by an oncologist .
An osteosarcoma , or bone tumour , caused by the radiation he received as a child , had developed .
He underwent surgery to remove the cancerous growth from his cheekbone and a chunk of his leg bone was grafted into the gaping space .
A screw tightened the graft into the jaw .
Now Bubber can open his mouth less than one centimetre ; simple pleasures like chomping into a hamburger are but a memory .
Despite an injection of fat , taken from the belly area , to make his facial contours more natural , there is still an indentation .
The nerves on the right side of Bubber 's face are also damaged , and , he says , it looks " as if I had a stroke " .
Bubber has big , kind brown eyes and an engaging , loquacious personality .
Young women like him and consider him a confidant .
But they do n't date him , he admits , and he wonders about his fate as a husband and partner , especially as the treatment he received also made him infertile .
" I have never felt anger or asked , ” ˜ Why me ? '
I thought that there must be a reason , " Bubber says .
Childhood cancer is being beaten , if you look strictly at the figures .
Canadian Cancer Statistics 2008 , released earlier this year by the Canadian Cancer Society , British Columbia and Yukon , shows that about 82 percent of children diagnosed with cancer today will survive the disease .
However , the study reveals , two - thirds will have at least one " chronic or late - occurring health effect from their cancer treatment " .
Although only about 130 children a year in British Columbia are diagnosed with cancer , improved survival rates mean that there are from 2,000 to 3,000 people alive today in the province who have prevailed over the grim disease , according to Sheila Pritchard , an oncologist at B.C. Children 's Hospital who heads its long - term follow - up clinic .
Of these , 25 percent have " severe long - term effects " , Pritchard says .
These include severe cognitive impairment , congestive heart failure from anthracycline drug treatment , infertility , and stunted growth .
Secondary cancers like leukemia or tumours , as in Bubber 's case , can also result .
Children with leukemia who were treated in the 1960s to 1980s are at risk for nonmalignant brain tumours , Pritchard says .
And teenage girls with Hodgkin 's lymphoma who have their chests irradiated have a 25 - percent chance of developing breast cancer within 20 years of the treatment , she adds .
Improved survival rates are something for society to celebrate .
But medicine 's triumph is a sword of Damocles .
The ancient parable speaks of Dionysius , a Greek ruler of enormous wealth and power who dined underneath a sharpened sword that hung from the ceiling by a single horsehair .
For those families whose youngsters are in remission , the sense of impending doom never really goes away ; the child 's future health will always hang by a thread .
Port Coquitlam 's Livian Smith was a 20 - year - old single parent when her blond , blue - eyed three - year - old son Brett began stumbling into walls .
Within four months , Brett went from rambunctious , cheery , and talkative to whiny , grinding his teeth , and refusing to eat anything but cereal .
Doctors diagnosed a rapidly growing medullaoblastoma on the brain stem , which was causing pressure on Brett 's optic nerve .
The next day , December 1 , 1993 , Brett underwent a five - and - a - half - hour surgery to remove the tumour .
" My little boy came out of the surgery a totally different child , " Smith says .
After the surgery , Brett received 30 doses of radiation , 17 of them focused strictly on the area of the tumour and another 13 along the spine and head .
That was followed by chemotherapy - one year of treatment , in total .
The immediate aftereffects , hair loss and vomiting to the point of skeletal malnourishment , are considered a normal reaction to such invasive treatment .
But as Brett grew , further side effects emerged , including problems at school and physical deformities .
Now 17 , Brett stands just under 5 - 1 , although the males in his family are six feet tall or more .
The radiation stunted the growth of his spine , curving his shoulders and making his legs and arms look out of proportion .
The growth of the top of his skull was also stunted , making his jaw look unusually large .
The pituitary gland was damaged by the radiation and Brett will be on human growth hormone for the rest of his life .
His thyroid gland , which regulates body metabolism , was damaged and he is on Synthroid therapy permanently .
At 105 pounds , Brett is almost waiflike , due in large part to a lack of appetite : Smith says the radiation damaged his taste buds and he complains that food tastes metallic .
Initially , Brett lost the hearing in both ears due to the chemotherapy drug cisplatin .
He has regained some hearing in his right ear , thanks to a hearing aid .
He has also had several operations to try to reduce the scar tissue in his ears caused by the radiation .
He is blind in his left eye .
His IQ is less than 70 and he has short - term - memory loss and reduced fine motor skills .
Brett has required educational support all through school .
He graduated this past June from Pinetree secondary school in Coquitlam and is enrolled in the transition program at Douglas College , which will help him make a choice between entering the work force and continuing in the adult - special - education program .
Brett has already completed two five - week work - experience placements in a kindergarten class as a teacher 's helper and is " really enjoying it " , Smith says .
" At the time , " she muses , " I never questioned the doctors , but I questioned it years later when I began doing research on the Internet .
Now they do n't even radiate children until they are four years old because it is so damaging . "
Smith is optimistic that one day Brett will be able to live on his own with some support .
She feels blessed that Brett is still alive - that he is a happy young college student with friends .
Yet she cannot help grieving for what could have been .
" I think about the lost potential - I think about it nearly every day , " says Smith , a mortgage broker with a dynamic , healthy , two - year - old daughter named Brooke .
" There has to be something else out there to cure this . "
It was the ancient Egyptians who first left records on papyrus in 1600 BC detailing attempts to cure breast cancer with a cauterization tool called the " fire drill " .
The treatment , the Egyptians wrote , was unsuccessful .
In the West , cancer treatment grew out of a wartime discovery that nitrogen mustard , used in chemical warfare , suppressed some tumours .
But the first effective chemotherapy drugs , called antifolates , that actually induced remission in children with leukemia , or blood cancer , were discovered in 1948 .
During the following decades , however , new drugs did little to stem the high death rates among children with cancer .
When children began to survive five years and beyond during the 1970s and 1980s , parents were grateful and thankful .
Side effects , Pritchard says , were considered the " price to pay for a cure " .
Now , she says , the oncology fraternity regards optimum long - term quality of life as being as important as saving a child 's life .
" It is not a case where the public has to rise up and demand better treatment - that is happening already ; that 's what everybody 's focus is . "
There are some health - care practitioners , however , who repudiate radiation and chemotherapy for cancer treatment .
Simply put , chemotherapy and radiation are poisons that kill off cancer cells , which are normal body cells that , for reasons unknown , multiply out of control .
However , healthy cells become collateral damage in the chemotherapy and radiation blitzkrieg .
Traditional Chinese medicine physician Henry Lu believes that herbal remedies can complement western cancer treatments Traditional Chinese medicine physician Henry Lu believes that herbal remedies can complement western cancer treatments
For someone like traditional Chinese medicine physician Henry Lu , killing healthy cells along with the rogue cells is a counterintuitive way to treat cancer .
Lu , who is CEO of the International College of Traditional Chinese Medicine of Vancouver , considers the use of chemotherapy and radiation on children a form of " brutality .
We describe it as using a hammer to kill a fly . "
Western oncology treatments work by attacking the cells in the body ; traditional Chinese medicine ( TCM ) claims to administer herbs that will strengthen the patient and transform the cancer cells back into normal cells , according to case studies provided by Lu .
This more benign type of treatment is especially important for the elderly and children , whom Lu considers constitutionally " weak " .
TCM is a 3,000 - year - old system of health care with about 6,000 medicinal substances developed to " cure diseases and promote happiness " .
It is based on the idea that a healthy body is a balance of yin and yang , representing , respectively , cold and hot energies within the body .
Illness is regarded as an imbalance of yin and yang , caused by many things , including emotions .
Lu acknowledges that western medical advances like surgery , which is not practised in TCM , and the discovery of prophylactics like vaccines have profoundly improved human health .
Although TCM and conventional western medicine are fundamentally different in philosophy , Lu does not consider them to be antithetical .
Rather ,
Lu says , these two systems of knowledge should be regarded as complementary : partners in the quest to achieve optimum health in patients .
For example , people who are very ill with cancer could have their strength boosted with TCM herbal remedies or acupuncture to help them better tolerate surgery .
Lu says , though , that " cooperation between TCM and western medicine is zero .
We have a long way to go yet . "
The problem with TCM is the problem that western scientists have with many alternative forms of medicine : they have not been subjected to the rigorous testing developed during the 500 - year evolution of the scientific method , which rests upon the pillars of rationalism , observation , and hypothesis .
But Pritchard agrees that nonwestern protocols have a role to play in medicine .
She gives a nod to Chinese medical researchers who , several years ago , discovered that arsenic is a " very effective treatment against a particular type of leukemia .
It is now part of our treatment for that particular type of rare leukemia . "
However , TCM 's herbs , medicines , and methods must be held to the same standards of laboratory testing as new drugs in the West are .
" It 's important that TCM is n't taken at face value , " Pritchard says .
" Many of these alternative medicines can cause as many long - term side effects as chemotherapy . "
When children with cancer survive against extraordinary odds , as 10 - year - old Brendan Whieldon has , the question becomes : what allowed them to beat the bookie ?
Six years ago this past September , just as he was about to enter kindergarten , Brendan , a lean little athlete who loved skiing and swimming , was diagnosed with an N - myc amplified stage IV neuroblastoma .
Only five percent of those diagnosed with this extremely aggressive form of cancer survive beyond eight months , says Brendan 's mom , Shannon Whieldon , a nurse at Langley Memorial Hospital .
The neuroblastoma sets down roots in the bone marrow , which produces the body 's red and white blood cells and blood platelets .
The bone marrow also produces stem cells , which grow into any of the body 's 200 cell types and are key to regenerating tissue .
By June 2003 , after intensive chemotherapy and radiation therapy as well as a bone - marrow transplant , the doctors ' prognosis was grim : Brendan would die by year 's end .
Whieldon refused to accept the news .
" I asked Brendan , ” ˜What can you do to get this out of your bone marrow ? '
And Brendan said , ” ˜Mom , I can fling it out of my bone marrow through karate . ' "
One of Whieldon 's friends practised karate , and she asked him to ask his sensei ( teacher ) for permission to bring Brendan to the dojo ( martial - arts school ) .
After Brendan 's next radiation treatment , Whieldon scooped him up in her arms , snuggled him into the car , and drove to the Valley Shidokan Karate Club in Chilliwack .
" I carried Brendan into the sensei's dojo ; I think he was terrified to meet us .
Brendan could n't walk .
The sensei looked at him and picked him up and carried him away .
And I just stood there wondering and looking around .
And he brought Brendan back in a karate outfit and then explained to him that karate is about what is on the inside , and you have to have a good strong character .
And he taught him the punches and said to Brendan that he wanted him to come back that afternoon for another class .
And Brendan walked out of the dojo . "
Karate became an emotional , psychological , and physiological buttress for Brendan , giving him the mental toughness to endure the cancer and the treatments .
" The philosophy is , " Whieldon says , " you have to heal yourself from the inside and show no pain .
You train when you are weakest , because that is when the enemy will attack you . "
When Brendan 's hemoglobin was low , indicating depleted red blood cells , Whieldon would still send him , " white as a ghost " , to karate class .
" He sleeps on the way home , and when he wakes up , his face is pink .
The exercise forced his body to make blood . "
By doing this , Brendan has avoided hundreds of blood transfusions , Whieldon says .
Brendan has had eight serious relapses - " the disease is smart and evolves itself genetically , which is why medication can't do its job " - and there have been days when Whieldon did n't know if her son with the large grey - blue eyes " would live or die " .
The chemotherapy , radiation , and bone - marrow transplants have kept the disease in check , but they have also pushed his body to the brink , causing a litany of side effects , from high - frequency - hearing loss to frail bones that fracture easily .
As a nurse , Whieldon has been better able than some parents to access information about natural alternatives to help alleviate the treatment 's insidious side effects .
Rather than have Brendan on antinausea drugs , she has a collection of quality perfumes for him to inhale to make him feel better .
Neuroblastoma cells replicate best in heat , so when Brendan is relapsing , Whieldon cools his body using cold plasters and peppermint lotion .
She uses therapeutic touch , visualization , multivitamins , calcium , magnesium , vitamin D supplements , the pain killer belladonna , lots of rest , and high - caloric and highly nutritious food .
The strength of many of these things , she admits , lies in their placebo effect .
And , she adds , although nurturing , they cannot replace the disease - fighting power of chemotherapy and radiation .
Nonetheless , Whieldon has insisted upon a gradual reduction of Brendan 's chemotherapy .
" They always want to up , up , up it . "
She has also taken him home following chemotherapy treatment , against medical advice .
But each year " we make huge progress .
Each time , the duration of the relapse is shorter and fewer drugs are used .
Brendan 's immune system needs to evolve ; it is Brendan 's own body that will cure this . "
At B.C. Children 's Hospital , Shahrad Rod Rassekh , a 34 - year - old pediatric oncologist , loves working with families , marvelling as his young patients , tubes and needles sprouting from body parts , whiz around the ward on tricycles , gleefully oblivious to their illness .
There is , Rassekh says , nothing worse than having to break the news to parents that their child has cancer , then double alarm and distress by listing all the possible short - and long - term side effects of the treatment .
Rassekh was the primary investigator on a preliminary study looking at the role that genes play in the development of side effects .
Dryly titled Pharmacogenetics of Adverse Drug Events in Pediatric Oncology - pharmacogenetics being the study of how genes influence an individual 's response to drugs - it focused on cisplatin - induced hearing loss and anthracycline - induced cardiac failure .
He says that the improved cancer - survival rate for children , due to increased dosing and chemotherapy - and - radiation combinations , has come at the price of toxicity .
" On many chemotherapy protocols , children die due to treatment toxicity and not the underlying disease , " Rassekh writes in the study .
" In children , adverse reactions to cancer drugs are expecially severe .
A striking failure of modern medicine is the debilitating and lethal consequences of adverse drug reactions . "
Children are especially susceptible to adverse drug reactions ( not just related to cancer treatment ) , which rank as one of the leading causes of child death and illness in the United States , claiming 100,000 to 218,000 lives and costing US $ 30 billion to $ 130 billion each year , according to a 2001 article in the Journal of the American Pharmacists Association .
In Canada , Rassekh continues , an estimated 2,500 to 5,400 children die each year from adverse drug reactions .
These deaths are not limited to pediatric oncology , " although the drugs used in oncology are some of the most dangerous medications given to children " .
Some children , however , Rassekh says , have no adverse reactions to chemotherapy drugs .
He theorizes that there are genetic differences in key enzymes involved in drug metabolism .
The ultimate objective is to identify genetic biomarkers predicting adverse reactions .
In the future , Rassekh says , patients ' DNA will be mapped to determine if their genes make them more susceptible to adverse reactions and side effects .
This will allow oncologists to determine drug regimens that fit the genetic makeup of each patient .
" This is a high priority for us , because the side effects are so devastating . "
Such research , although holding much promise , is still at the preliminary stage .
Many parents , Rassekh says , are looking to alternative therapies to try to support their children 's health during and after treatment .
Rassekh happily discusses complementary medicines with the parents of his young patients , and that open - minded attitude is permeating upward into the large umbrella organizations that control the cancer purse strings in this country .
The Canadian Cancer Society has given $ 2.1 million for research into complementary and alternative medicine .
With studies showing that about 50 percent of cancer patients use such treatments ( with or without a doctor 's blessing ) , it is commonsensible that the medical fraternity discover how oncology drugs interact with alternative remedies .
The society also funds a 12 - member team of practitioners and scientists at the University of Waterloo who are doing research in this area .
As well , groundbreaking research is being conducted in British Columbia under the direction of Mary McBride , a senior epidemiologist with the cancer - control research program at the B.C. Cancer Agency .
McBride has been given a $ 3 - million grant for a five - year study of relevant issues , including education and hospitalization risks .
She is also investigating individuals ' ability to fit into society following treatment .
Do they find spouses ?
Can they find jobs ?
How much money do they make ?
As well , the long - term costs to the health - care system will be assessed , McBride says .
The findings will be presented to policymakers and medical - care providers , such as family doctors , to ensure that they are all aware of the specialized care and tests required by childhood - cancer survivors throughout their lives .
Given that childhood - cancer survivors endure an extraordinarily rough start in life , it behooves us to acknowledge their continuing struggle as adults .
More importantly , perhaps , childhood cancer also challenges the medical fraternity to come up with more creative ways of dealing with this disease while its victims are undergoing treatment .
As the western world becomes more open to the wisdom of other protocols , the opportunity is there for conventional medicine to become more nurturing - yet still powerful - as it deals with the destructiveness of cancer .
US Dairy : Where Good Comes From
For sale : Table - sized crab is yours for £ 75
It could be the most expensive crab soup in history as an enormous crustacean the size of a small table has gone on sale for a whopping £ 75 at a Welsh market .
The Norwegian red king crab measures an astonishing 3ft by 1ft - and weighs in at an incredible 3kg .
The red king species of crab is a Japanese delicacy and was caught by fishermen in Norway and sold through a fish merchant to Swansea Market .
Fishmonger Adrian Coakley - Greene said : ' Crabs that size are not easy to come by , it has so far proven to be quite an attraction locally .
Adrian Coakley - Greene at his stall in Swansea Market with his unusual giant crab
' You could get a lot of crab soup out of this .
It 's naturally sweet , which makes it extremely tasty . '
On average , Norwegian red king crabs weigh 4.3kg and are viewed as one of the most outstanding and impressive of the species to serve in restaurants .
The meat is highly versatile and can be steamed , boiled and baked .
It can also be served grilled or raw .
The delicacy is popular among the rich and famous and retailers such as Harrods and Selfridges in London are known to import the species for their posh clientele .
Projecting to hire 193,000 new employees over the next two years , the U.S. government is a great place to look for a great career .
The federal government is the largest single employer in the United States , with almost 2 million civilian workers .
About 1.6 million are full - time permanent employees .
Contrary to popular belief , five of six federal employees work outside the Washington , D.C. area , in locations across the U.S. and even abroad .
Federal employees work in 15 cabinet - level agencies ; 20 large , independent agencies and 80 smaller agencies .
When you apply for a job in federal government , there are some specific instructions you need to follow in order to give your application best chance of winning an interview :
Applying for a Government Job
The best and easiest way to find and apply for government jobs is now online through the USAJOBS.gov website , the federal government ’s official employment portal .
Applying for jobs on USAJOBS.gov is a six - step process :
Create a USAJOBS account :
You will first need to create a Login.gov personal account on USAJOBS .
Login.gov is service that offers safe , secure , and private online access to a wide range of government programs , such as federal benefits , services , and applications .
A single login.gov account enables you to use the same username and password to sign into multiple government websites , including USAJOBS.gov .
Create a USAJOBS profile : A USAJOBS account and profile allows you to save jobs you are interested in , save and automate job searches , and manage the forms and other documents needed to complete job applications .
Search for jobs :
Be sure to sign in to your USAJOBS account before doing a job search .
USAJOBS uses your profile information to better mold your job search results to your needs .
In addition , you can use filters such as location , salary , work schedule or agency to narrow your results .
Review Job Announcements : Each job announcement includes qualifications and eligibility requirements you must meet and include in your application .
Since these qualifications and eligibility requirements may differ from job - to - job and agency - to - agency , it is important to read the job announcement completely and carefully .
Prepare your application in USAJOBS : Each job announcement will include a “ How to Apply ” section you should read before starting the application process .
To start your application , click “ Apply ” in the job announcement and USAJOBS will guide through the process during which you ’ll attach your resume and any required documents .
As you work through the application process you can review , edit , delete and update your information .
USAJOBS automatically saves your work as you go .
Submit your application to the agency :
When your application is finished , USAJOBS sends it to the agency ’s application system where can submit your application .
The agency may ask you to complete other agency - specific steps such as filling out an online questionnaire or uploading additional documents .
Once your application has been submitted , you can check its status anytime by accessing your USAJOBS account .
If You Have a Disability
Persons with disabilities can learn about alternate methods of applying for federal jobs by calling the U.S. Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) at 703-724-1850 .
If you have a hearing disability , call TDD 978-461-8404 .
Both lines are available 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
If you are a male over age 18 who was born after December 31 , 1959 , you must have registered with the Selective Service System ( or have an exemption ) to be eligible for a federal job .
What to Include with Your Application
Although the federal government does not require a standard application form for most jobs , they do need certain information to evaluate your qualifications and determine if you meet legal requirements for federal employment .
If your resume or application does not provide all the information requested in the job vacancy announcement , you may lose consideration for the job .
Help speed the selection process by keeping your resume or application brief and by sending only the requested material .
Type or print clearly in dark ink .
In addition to specific information requested in the job vacancy announcement , your resume or application must contain :
When coding my first library for Hackage , I learned about two programming problems and their solutions in Haskell .
I boiled them down to the essence and wrote two posts to share them .
One on polyvariadic functions , the other on heterogeneous collections .
To get an executable Haskell file simply strip off the .html suffix .
comments ?
reddit !
A piece of glass houses five strips of this new material , held between tweezers in a glove box .
Photo : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
On board his ocean - racing yacht Foncia , Michel Desjoyeaux was making his final preparations on Friday evening for the Vendée Globe , the toughest race – bar none – in all of sport .
A few feet away from where we were chatting , hundreds of onlookers were packed 12 deep on the pontoon in Les Sables D'Olonne , a port in western France .
Desjoyeaux , a 43 - year - old Breton , is a god in these parts .
The race started on Sunday .
Yesterday , the fleet had already hit big trouble in the Bay of Biscay , with a 50 - knot storm threatening to wreak havoc on the 30 competitors , seven of whom are British – an unprecedented number .
When Ellen MacArthur finished second in the Vendée Globe in 2001 , becoming a national treasure , Desjoyeaux was the man who beat her to first place .
Between 2001 and 2004 he consecutively won the world 's three most prestigious solo races : the Vendée ( around the world ) , the Route du Rhum ( Brittany to Guadeloupe ) and the Transat ( Plymouth to America ) , earning the tag " the most honoured yachtsman on the planet " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
So what does the Vendée Globe mean to this titan ?
" It is the only race around the world alone , without help , without stop , " he told me .
" For three months .
That is everything you need to know . "
By midday yesterday , Desjoyeaux had already been forced to turn back to Les Sables D'Olonne , having sustained a leak .
The race rules allow no shore stops but any boat sustaining damage in the first 10 days can return for repairs , before trying to make up the time deficit .
As the wind gathered and the seas swelled in Biscay last night , several other skippers were heading back .
Fingers were crossed that fleeing for safety was as dire as things got .
The Vendée Globe organisers call it the " Everest of the seas " .
In fact , conquering the mountain has proved easier , and in recent years , safer .
There have been around 4,000 ascents of Everest .
It is not unusual for a fit adult to reach the summit on a corporate trip .
The Everest fatality rate since 1990 – the year the first Vendée ended – is 4.4 per cent .
Even space travel is much more common than sailing solo around the planet .
Some 485 people have been to space , and the fatality rate for space flights is 3.7 per cent ( or 18 people ) .
Only 60 people have ever sailed around the world solo non-stop .
Of those , 41 have done it in the quadrennial Vendée Globe ( some more than once ) .
Of 67 different people who had tried the Vendée before this year , three have died while doing so : the USA 's Mike Plant and Britain 's Nigel Burgess in 1992 , and Canada 's Gerry Roufs in 1997 .
The Vendée 's fatality rate is 4.5 per cent .
Its failure - to - complete rate has varied .
In 1996 - 97 , in a race marred by Roufs 's death and by four other skippers being capsized ( Tony Bullimore among them ) , 10 of 16 starters ( or 63.5 per cent ) failed to finish .
Yet despite the Vendée Globe 's dangers , cancelling because of any death at sea would be counter to the philosophy that underpins the competition : a skipper and a boat versus nature .
Getting round is the aim .
Winning is icing on the cake .
Jonny Malbon did not enter expecting to win , as the 34 - year - old from Cowes confided on a tour of his boat Artemis , in Les Sables .
He has 100,000 miles of competitive sailing on his CV .
He worked as a senior sailor alongside Ellen MacArthur for a time , but this Vendée is the first solo race .
Certain aspects of the trip hold no allure .
That was obvious as we hung out together during an ascent of his boat 's 95 ft mast .
" I really , really do n't want to be coming up here during the race , " he said .
" At all . "
It is easy to see why .
We were docked , on calm water .
It is terrifying to imagine climbing the mast in bad weather ; impossible to envisage then achieving anything practical , like a repair .
Why is Malbon competing ?
" Natural progress , " he says .
" I 've been offered an opportunity of a lifetime .
It 's daunting , but I did the hard part just getting to the start line . "
He has had little time to get used to his boat – one of 20 built for this race .
A skipper would expect to spend six months making checks with a crew , easing towards sole control of these hi-tech machines that can cost £ 3 m each .
But Artemis was four months late out of the shed , then had mast problems .
So Malbon 's first taste of handling her alone was a 4,000 - mile qualifying passage to Newfoundland and back in August .
" It was the most amazing and most frightening thing , " says Malbon .
" Halfway through , I thought ' You 're mad , why are you doing this ? '
On your own , things can go wrong suddenly , and badly . "
French skippers have dominated the race , winning all five " editions " to date .
They have also filled 13 of the 15 podium places , interrupted only by MacArthur ( second in 2001 ) and Mike Golding ( third in 2005 ) .
The French take pride in their dominance , partly because many of France 's best sailors hail from Brittany , where romantic notions of seafaring dominance are ingrained .
A race like the Vendée is driven by corporate money , and when sails alone can cost £ 300,000 per set , you need that backing .
But each boat relies on the ability of its skipper , the hero figure at the heart of each individual Vendée story .
" That 's what the magic is , " says Loick Peyron , a veteran 49 - year - old former runner - up , aboard Gitana Eighty this time .
" If you say to a four - year - old child , ' There 's a man on a boat who 's making a trip around the world ' , they 'll understand .
Then , if you tell them that there are albatrosses and icebergs , and if they know some of Jules Verne 's stories , well , that 's the magic . "
Malbon expands on the mental challenge of being alone , a situation he endured for a mere 21 days in his qualifier .
He will sleep in 30 - minute bursts for perhaps four hours each day .
In the first week , amid coastal traffic and storms , sleep will come in spells of up to 10 minutes at a time .
He will eat freeze - dried stews three times a day , made palatable by garlic and chilli sauces .
His concession to luxury will be the occasional boil - in - the - bag beans and bacon for breakfast .
He will consume two carbohydrate shakes a day , eat three small bars of chocolate , have three cups of tea with two sugars and a small bag of dried fruit .
His entire food stores , for a projected 95 days at sea , weigh 110kg .
Malbon will also talk to himself , often and out loud .
He will address his auto - pilot as " matey " : " I talk to myself anyway .
I think that 's quite normal . "
Through tiredness , he will hallucinate , as he did during his qualifier .
" There 's a camera box outside on the deck .
One night , very vividly , it looked like someone I know from Cowes .
I clearly knew he was not on board , and I knew he could n't fit inside this tiny little box .
But it was perfect outline of him .
You imagine things .
It 's part of the ride . "
The " ride " will last for 26,000 miles down through the Atlantic , around the Cape of Good Hope , through the Southern Ocean below Australia , round Cape Horn and back to Les Sables .
The race 's principal backer is the region of Vendée .
There is a € 490,000 ( £ 400,000 ) prize pot ( €150,000 to the winner ) but much more is spent on safety , on the tented race village that will host more than a million spectators , and on insurance .
More than 300,000 turned out to watch Sunday 's start , screened live on the 1 pm news .
" " But to get in a boat and sail the world , that is not an option for most , who ca n't or do n't want the risks .
Through us , they dream , " says Desjoyeaux .
The public on the pontoons backed him up .
" These guys are heroes , " Aurelie Bigot , 28 , from Rennes told me .
Guillaume Legué , 33 , added : " This is more important than the Tour de France . "
For Britain's Steve White , 35 , a father of four from Dorchester who is competing on a relative shoestring budget , finishing would be a triumph .
He mortgaged his house three times to buy his £ 300,000 boat .
At the last minute he renamed it Toe in the Water after a charity for badly injured servicemen following an anonymous donation .
White 's total campaign spend will be £ 500,000 , boat included , against up to £ 10 m by other teams .
" It 's pretty weird , slightly surreal , " he told me as hordes of locals scrambled for his autograph .
" I 'm just Steve from Dorset and I 'm getting mobbed by schoolgirls . "
His supplies , unlike those streamlined cargoes of the pros , arrived at the dockside in seven shopping trolleys and included sacks of porridge and tins of beans and syrup .
White 's sweetest moment would be getting to the end in one piece .
Michel Desjoyeaux has been impressed by some of the flashier British boats .
" It 's possible that a Briton could win , " he says .
" We would n't appreciate it .
But it 's possible . "
When the storm subsides , we may have a better idea of whether that remains the case .
Welcome to the Ubuntu Manpage Repository
This site contains hundreds of thousands of dynamically generated manuals , extracted from every package of every supported version of Ubuntu , and updated on a daily basis .
Traditionally , manpages are browsed on the command line .
This project renders all such manuals included in Ubuntu into an HTML , web - browsable format .
Step 1
Step 2
Step 3
Step 4
Step 5
Step 6
Step 7
I discovered fine art scanning when I was about twelve or thirteen .
Around 97 % of people , male and female , scan fine art regularly and it is a healthy and normal exercise .
Those that do not are usually suffering mental or physical problems so it seems strange that fine art scanning is still seen as taboo or embarrassing these days and the term ' fine art scanner ' derogatory .
In actual fact the term ' non - fine art scanner ' should be more insultive as it hints at a mental illness .
Those that are required to scan fine art should be encouraged and commended on such a socially responsible activity .
While there are many outlets that sell fine art scanning equipment , with a little preparation you can make your own fine art scanning device using everyday household materials .
Here 's how : Take one roll of Oreo biscuits out of the packet .
Cut off the end of the packet and remove the biscuits .
Roll the end of the packet over several times until you have a smooth , rounded bevel .
Choose a photo of someone you would like to scan fine art with .
Place the packet bevel over the lips and trace around the circumference .
Cut out the area you have drawn .
Remember to cut inside of the line to ensure the right size .
Click here to download my handy template .
Insert the packet into the hole you have just cut until the bevel is flush with the picture .
And there you are .
Your home made fine art scanning device is complete .
Naturally , as this blog is GeekDad.com , we do n't hear as much from our better halves .
Our sometimes less obsessive , more socially adjusted halves .
I thought it might be a nice time to air some of their issues with their nerdier partners .
Fellas , this may save you a trip to the dog house ( or at least a night on the sofa ) .
10 .
He wants me to dress as Yeoman Rand every Halloween .
Seriously ?
She 's a Starfleet petty officer and she does n't wear pants ?
And the wig too ?
They wear bouffant hairdos in the 2260s ?
9 . Yes , I know who Yeoman Rand is .
That 's actually in my head along with the fact that she was played by Grace Lee Whitney who was let go after only eight episodes , and all the factors that played into her being let go .
This is occupying much - needed space in my brain .
I think about this each and every time I forget where my keys are .
8 . He is more attracted to my World of Warcraft character than to me .
" Blood Elves have it going on , " I 'm told .
Yay .
No , I did not download a patch to make her hips wiggle more when she runs , nor do I plan to do so .
Ever .
Stop following me .
7 . I have to sit through endless arguments with his friends on who would win in a fight between Aquaman and the Sub - Mariner .
Apparently , that 's the only crossover super - hero battle that can't be settled with " They would n't fight , they 'd be friends . "
Trust me , I 've tried it .
6 . He can remember every result in the critical success and failure charts of Rolemaster , but not when he was supposed to pick up my mother from the airport .
Or our anniversary .
Or that I 'm allergic to walnuts .
And he expects an excuse like " These are minor hu-man details , " to cut it .
5 . He endlessly complains that George Lucas 's birthday is not a national holiday .
He feels that Lucas has given him more to believe in than any former president or historical event , like the Declaration of Independence .
4 . He thinks it 's funny to accuse Steve Jobs of being a time - traveler .
Apparently , the iPod constitutes " extraordinary evidence " to match his extraordinary claims .
Suggesting he were an extraterrestrial is right out , though .
Oh no .
" He can clearly breathe in our atmosphere unaided , " you see .
Yeah , that 's it .
3 . He refuses to vote for any candidate who does not openly endorse colonizing Mars , or building a tethered satellite system .
Supposedly , this would pay for itself several times over , and is our only chance to construct " reasonable defenses " against an " inevitable " extraterrestrial threat .
It 's also the best way to deal with over - population .
Well , that part actually does make some sense .
2 . Apparently , the baby 's first word was in Klingon , so I have no idea what she said .
I 'm told it had something to do with slaying the dishonorable and drinking Blood Wine .
Mother will be so happy hear this ( after we find her ) .
1 . When I said that the children should take up an athletic hobby his suggestion was " Broadsword " .
Now I get to bus the kids from church to the Society for Creative Anachronism on Sundays .
Try explaining the SCA to the minister .
I dare you .
With the death of three senior Colombian rebel commanders , the bloodless rescue of 14 top hostages , and the seizure of thousands of guerrilla computer files , this should have been a triumphant year for Colombia 's military .
The Army 's successes , however , have been muted by a macabre revelation that the Colombian military reportedly killed civilians to inflate their rebel body count in an effort to appear more successful .
Although nongovernment organizations ( NGOs ) have tracked the practice for years , many in Colombia are just now waking up to news about the systematic killings .
As Colombian government officials act to purge military officers implicated in the killings and create a monitoring program , the padded body counts have put the military 's methods under close scrutiny .
This week , Colombian officials began holding military officials accountable for the slayings .
After Colombian President Álvaro Uribe summarily fired 20 top officers , including three generals and 11 colonels , Gen. Mario Montoya , head of the Army , resigned on Tuesday .
The terminations follow an internal probe into the disappearance of at least 11 civilians from a Bogotá suburb , whose bodies were later found halfway across the country and reported as combat casualties .
But this incident is only one of hundreds of similar cases reported over the past six years , in what Navi Pillay , the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , said appeared to be a " systemic and widespread " phenomenon .
It 's unlikely that the practice of killing civilians became widespread as a result of military orders , says César Restrepo , a military analyst with the Security and Democracy Foundation , a think tank in Bogotá .
He points to a lack of command and control in the military and misguided incentive policies that rewarded soldiers with extra leave for every killed or captured rebel .
" The government put blind faith in the military to corner the FARC [ Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ] but did n't bother to put controls in place , " says Mr. Restrepo .
Additionally , many commanders , under pressure to produce results , dismissed reports of the " false positives , " the Colombian expression for civilians listed as combat casualties , as rebel generated lies .
Although the Defense Ministry issued a directive last year saying success in this country 's 40 - year conflict with leftist rebels would no longer be measured in body bags , incentives remained in place .
As of Oct. 31 , Colombian troops had reported 1,584 members of illegal groups killed in combat .
This may soon change though , as Mr. Uribe announced on Thursday that every military unit down to the battalion level will have an appointed official who receives and processes allegations of abuse .
He has asked the UN to help monitor this program .
The Colombian inspector general 's office is investigating more than 930 extrajudicial executions since 2002 , while a federation of human rights groups , known as the Colombia - Europe - United States Coordinator tallied at least 535 between January 2007 and July 2008 .
" The sad part is that even if they had been real guerrillas , those deaths have no impact on the conflict , " says Restrepo .
" What 's needed is a change of mentality , and that takes years . "
Colombia receives an average of $ 500 million per year in aid from the United States , predominately for military use .
Units that receive US funding must have a clean human rights record .
Three of the units commanded by officers fired last week lost their eligibility to receive US money .
The units had been previously cleared as free of human rights violations .
The Army 's new commander , Gen. Óscar González , who officially assumed the post on Thursday , commanded two of the most heavily questioned units in relation to extrajudicial killings .
In its latest report on Colombia issued last week , Amnesty International urged a suspension of military aid until Colombia follows UN recommendations for ending the conflict , " so there is no longer a clear risk of such assistance and equipment being used to facilitate serious violations of human rights , " the report said .
I understand , but would any of those inconveniences have been as bad as living in an SUV and using a fast - food restaurant bathroom ?
In my experience , people who 've been homeless a long time lose perspective and a degree of rational judgment .
It 's not at all uncommon , said Horn , who explained that after years on the streets , people become focused on daily survival and are so accustomed to their routines that they fear any radical change .
What is femprop ?
A discussion of the aspects of political propaganda used to promulgate the feminist ideology , ' men bad - women good '
Various propaganda terms agitprop
comprop
femprop
nazprop
propaganda ag·it·prop
Pronunciation : ' a - j&t-" präp
Function : noun
Etymology : Russian , from agitatsiya agitation + propaganda
Date : 1935
: PROPAGANDA ; especially : political propaganda promulgated chiefly in literature , drama , music , or art
- agitprop adjective Source : http://www.m-w.com/cgi-bin/dictionary?agitprop
Agitprop is a necessary aspect of applied propaganda .
Without agitprop , propaganda goes no farther than a car can go without wheels .
pro·pa·gan·da
Pronunciation : " prä-p& - ' gan -d& , " prO -
Function : noun
Etymology : New Latin , from Congregatio de propaganda fide Congregation for propagating the faith , organization established by Pope Gregory XV died 1623
Date : 1718
1 capitalized : a congregation of the Roman [ Catholic ] curia having jurisdiction over missionary territories and related institutions
2 : the spreading of ideas , information , or rumor for the purpose of helping or injuring an institution , a cause , or a person
3 : ideas , facts , or allegations spread deliberately to further one 's cause or to damage an opposing cause ; also : a public action having such an effect
- pro·pa·gan·dist /- dist / noun or adjective
- pro·pa·gan·dis·tic /-" gan - ' dis - tik / adjective
- pro·pa·gan·dis·ti·cal·ly /- ti-k(&-) lE / adverb Source : http://www.m-w.com/cgi-bin/dictionary?propaganda
Propaganda is a tool for the communist and fascist regimes , primarily used in totalitarian regimes for spreading ideologies .
It is the primary tool for persuading the masses in all totalitarian regimes .
Communist and fascist regimes use identical propaganda tactics but for slightly different aims .
In one way or another , we became used to designating propaganda used by communism as communist propaganda , and that used by fascism as Nazi propaganda .
We could have saved ourselves a lot of work if only we had found more terse and economical terms for propaganda that serve either ideology .
Belatedly , two vastly more economical terms could be used to identify propaganda of either kind , comprop and nazprop .
The terms fall into the same family as , and go hand in hand with , agitprop , a vital ingredient and aspect of all propaganda .
The reason for proposing the terms comprop and nazprop is that by adopting these two terms into the general vocabulary we will become enabled to identify other far less often recognized variations of propaganda just as concisely .
There is , for example , femprop ( you got that right : feminist propaganda ) .
fem·prop
Pronunciation : ' fe -m-" präp
Function : noun
Etymology : New Latin , from feminismus feminism + propaganda
Date : 2004
: PROPAGANDA ; especially : political propaganda promulgated chiefly to promote the feminist ideology ( men bad - women good ) in politics , the judiciary , social research , academe , the bureaucracy , the education system , the media , publishing , literature , drama , music , art etc .
- femprop adjective Femprop has been around for a long time .
It manifested itself in soft agitprop expressions such as , " I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is : I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat , or a prostitute . "  Rebecca
West , 1913 from where femprop then progressed to hard - line agitprop expressions such as ,  The most merciful thing a large family can do to one of its infant members is to kill it "  Margaret Sanger , founder of Planned Parenthood , in Women and the New Rage , p.67 " In order to raise children with equality , we must take them away from families and communally raise them . "
 Dr. Mary Jo Bane ,
feminist and assistant professor of education at
Wellesley College and
associate director of the school 's Center for Research on Woman " All men are good for is f& % $ing , and running over with a truck " .
 Statement made by A University of Maine Feminist Administrator , quoted by Richard Dinsmore , who brought a successful civil suit against the University in the amount of $ 600,000 .
Richard had protested the quote , was dismissed thereafter on the grounds of harassment ; and responded by bringing suit against the University .
1995 settlement .
" I want to see a man beaten to a bloody pulp with a high - heel shoved in his mouth , like an apple in the mouth of a pig . "  Andrea Dworkin , Ice And Fire ( more quotes at Feminism and Society 
As seen through feminists ' eyes ( and as seen through the eyes of others who still use common sense ) , a collection of quotes , by Bill Wood ) Femprop does not stop at offering opportunities for outrageous quotes .
It reforms society from within .
It does that so all - pervasively and with such insidious persuasiveness that virtually no member of society is aware of being brainwashed through femprop .
When propaganda becomes as ubiquitous as femprop has become , it will no longer be noticed much .
Therefore femprop is virtually unopposed by anyone and successfully serves to indoctrinate the citizens of many nations with the feminist ideology far more thoroughly than either communism or fascism ever dared to hope .
FEMINISM vs. FACTS
There is a great deal of reckless disregard for the truth in radical feminism .
Some of it is so blatant that it certainly deserves to be called lying , but some of it appears to reflect the delusions of paranoia .
What is worrisome is that so much serious misrepresentation passes into the realm of " truth . "
One might think that misrepresentations about checkable facts could not survive long in an open society , but they can and do [ my emphasis -- WHS ] , probably because the press and the academy are very pro-feminist .
When a sensational report about the amount of domestic violence against women appears , newspapers , magazines , and even textbooks relay the news , and it quickly becomes established folklore .
The attitudes formed as a result are embedded in the culture .
Yet the facts , for those who care about them , indicate that these reports are wild exaggerations or flat misrepresentations .
Source : Slouching Towards Gomorrah -- Modern Liberalism and American Decline , by Robert H. Bork , ( ©1997 , Regan Books ) Chapter 11 , Feminism ______________
Note :
If the term " radical feminism " ( a.k.a. Marxist - or socialist - feminism ) is somewhat new to you , you need to expand your knowledge .
After all , radical feminism , the currently controlling faction of feminism , governs just about everything that is happening in your life .
See , Carey Roberts column Carey Roberts is an analyst and commentator on political correctness .
His best - known work was an exposé on Marxism and radical feminism .
Carey Roberts ' best - known work , his exposé on Marxism and radical feminism , is not necessarily easy to find , but this link will help with that .
( Some of the URLs for the article series appear to keep changing .
For that reason the identified link leads to an Internet search for the series .
The first or second link in the return list will most likely lead you to the series . )
Under the heading Collecting Information for Propaganda is not Research , Eeva Sodhi put together a few examples of femprop that illustrate the strategy used by feminists to subvert politics , politicians , the bureaucracy and Academe to their aims .
Lately the Shari 'a made the news .
[ 1 ]
It is the Islamic code of conduct derived from the Islamic holy scriptures .
The recently elected ( Oct. 21 , 2003 ) 30 - member board of the [ Canadian ] Islamic Institute for Civil Justice ( IICJ ) managed to get a judicial decision put through that will launch portions of the Shari'a for arbitration negotiations involving Ontario Muslims , and that they hope will in short order become spread throughout all of Canada .
A mere two months after its inception , and already a minority managed to launch a major judiciary coup against the ravages of feminist family politics .
How easy and quick that was ; and that is just Round One !
Most people just do n't get it .
They speak up alright , but they merely repeat the feminist concerns regarding Shari'a .
Mind you , as of now at least the long - budding but apparently never emerging men's movement has not yet gone all the way and condemned the implementation of the Shari'a for quite the same reasons as the feminists do .
The feminists fear that the establishment of equitable rules for property division and other divorce issues as will be provided for through the Shari 'a threatens the rights gained by women , but that is about the only propagandistic feminist anti-Shari'a hype the men 's movement does n't repeat .
However , femprop went into high gear in response to the IICJ 's gain relating to Shari'a , the media engaged in an all - out , no -holds - barred attack on the members of the IICJ , and nobody in the media or amongst pro-family activists appears to come to the aid of the IICJ .
They just do n't get it , and I doubt it that they will get the more obvious points that Eeva Sodhi 's analysis of femprop tactics identifies , for example : About 31 % of all female victims of violence in 1997 were attacked by a spouse , compared with only 4 % of all male victims of violence .
As a result , 88 % of spousal assault victims were women .
That is one of the cheapest propaganda tricks imaginable ( the use of impeccable calculations performed on misleading or falsified " research " data  without providing the data on which the calculations were performed ) , but the feminists have been using it all along and with great success , without anyone ever being able to put up an effective defence , let alone that society should speak up in unison against such abuses and misrepresentations of statistics .
The femprop steamroller would just flatten everything anyway .
Still , why is it that society in general and specifically the men's movement do n't at least rejoice a little when some men , even if those are Muslims , gain a major victory against feminism and against femprop ?
Hitler said :
The function of propaganda is , for example , not to weigh and ponder the rights of different people , but exclusively to emphasize the one right which it has set out to argue for .
Its task is not to make an objective study of the truth , in so far as it favors the enemy , and then set it before the masses with academic fairness ; its task is to serve our own right , always and unflinchingly .
 Adolf Hitler , Mein Kampf , Chapter VI
That is no different than to state , as Eeva Sodhi identified in the examples she cited in her analysis of femprop , ... develop strategies to circumvent the potency of neutrality as a core bureaucratic value and transcend levels of government and ideology to co-ordinate and co-operate strategically across government levels .
and ,
The integration of gender equality analysis into the research and evaluation work of the Department implies a departure from traditional research methodology .
It does not start with a premise of neutrality , nor limit its investigation to sex disaggregated data .
A gender research approach begins with womens experience as they [ the feminists ] see it .
The feminists do n't deserve any credit for aping Hitler so religiously , but Hitler should be given credit for one thing .
He was more honest and not nearly as mealy - mouthed as the feminists are about how to lie effectively .
Since the great advances of radical feminism in the 1960s , society and the men's movement had four decades to create a major advance like the one that the IICJ now created within the space of two months , but they still have not managed to recognize the need to unite .
That the supporters of families and the opponents of feminism will be united is no more likely than that it is possible to herd cats .
The differences between liberal activists and Muslims are obvious .
The Muslim activists have a unifying mission and belief , while liberals have only the light of feminist and homosexualist ideology to guide themselves by .
Other than that , liberalism is about individualism , about self - centeredness , about self - serving activism , about subjectivity and relativism ; it is not about unity whose foundation would by necessity be absolute and universal moral standards  the very antithesis of liberalism .
Certainly , many anti-feminist activists do n't want to be drawn into the light of feminist ideology , but they happily go where the light of feminist " enlightenment " shines ( which is usually a battleground that the feminists carefully picked to engage men in ) , and they love to sun themselves in that and anything else that is liberal .
The list is too long for this , but a unifying morality for men or society is not part of it .
Yet , that is the only thing that provides a chance of saving anything , anyone and our society .
The Shari'a and the IICJ may just be the life saver we need .
I do n't see anyone else even looking for one .
Most people do n't get that either .
On account of that , we will continue to founder in femprop and choke on it until maybe someone like the IICJ shows us the right way out of the wilderness of the chaotic immoral liberal morass we got ourselves mired in .
____________________
Shari ' a - A Blessing or a Burden
Media Monitors Network , United States - 14 Dec 2003
( If the URL should become non-functional , let me know .
I can provide a saved copy of the article  WHS ) See also : Feminism For Male College Students — A Short Guide to the Truth , by Angry Harry ( Off - Site ) The White Rose
Thoughts are Free __________________
Posted 2004 01 04
Updates :
2006 03 04 ( added link to Feminism for Male College Students )
Acupuncture Acupuncture is a technique of inserting and manipulating fine filiform needles into specific points on the body with the aim of relieving pain and for therapeutic purposes .
According to traditional Chinese acupuncture theory , these acupuncture points lie along meridians along which qi , the vital energy , flows .
There is no physically verifiable anatomical or histological basis for the existence of acupuncture points or meridians .
Modern acupuncturists tend to view them in functional rather than structural terms .
Acupuncture originated in China and is most commonly associated with traditional Chinese medicine ( TCM ) .
Different types of ...
Cupping Cupping refers to an ancient Chinese practice in which a cup is applied to the skin and the pressure in the cup is reduced ( by using change in heat or by suctioning out air ) , so that the skin and superficial muscle layer is drawn into and held in the cup .
In some cases , the cup may be moved while the suction of skin is active , causing a regional pulling of the skin and muscle ( the technique is called gliding cupping ) .
This treatment has some relation to certain massage techniques , such as the rapid skin pinching ...
Moxa Moxibustion is an oriental medicine therapy utilizing moxa , or mugwort herb .
It plays an important role in the traditional medicine .
Suppliers usually age the mugwort and grind it up to a fluff ; practitioners burn the fluff or process it further into a stick that resembles a ( non-smokable ) cigar .
They can use it indirectly , with acupuncture needles , or sometimes burn it on a patient 's skin . [ ad#ad -2 ]
Massage Tuina ( Tui Na ) is an Oriental Bodywork Therapy that has been used in China for 2,000 years .
Tuina ( Tui Na ) uses the traditional Chinese medical theory of the flow of Qi through the meridians as its basic therapeutic orientation .
Through the application of massage and manipulation techniques Tuina ( Tui Na ) seeks to establish a more harmonious flow of Qi through the system of channels and collaterals , allowing the body the naturally heal itself .
Tuina ( Tui Na ) methods include the use of hand techniques to massage the soft ...
Japanese women are generally not at high risk for heart attacks — unless they live with in - laws , according to a new study .
Married Japanese women who live with both their husbands and a set of parents — in Japan , that almost always means the husband ’s parents , according to the researchers — were three times more likely to suffer a heart attack than those living just with their husbands .
Having children at home also was associated with an increased risk of heart attacks among Japanese women , but not by as much , the study found .
When women lived with both parents and children , the risk of heart attacks doubled rather than tripled .
The heart attack risk was slightly higher among women living with both spouses and children , the study found .
When Yang Xianghong , a middle - ranking Chinese Communist Party official , slipped away from a government delegation trip to Paris three weeks ago , he said he was visiting his daughter .
When he did n't come back , though , his disappearance sparked much speculation on state - run media that Mr. Yang was the latest escapee in a growing exodus of officials fleeing corruption probes .
If true , he joins as many as 10,000 corrupt Chinese officials who have fled the country over the past decade , taking as much as $ 100 billion of public funds with them , according to an estimate by Li Chengyan , head of Peking University 's Anticorruption Research Institute .
More unexpected , however , was the heavy press coverage that Yang 's walkabout attracted in a country where the government is generally reluctant to wash its dirty linens in public .
That suggests that " the government is sending a signal " that it regards " the number of officials fleeing as a very important problem which needs to be solved , " says Mao Zhaohui , director of anticorruption studies at Beijing 's Renmin University .
Corruption is pervasive at almost every level of the government , and it is a major factor eroding faith in the ruling Communist Party .
Earlier this year , after thousands of schoolchildren died in the Sichuan earthquake , the Internet was ablaze with accusations that local officials had taken bribes to approve substandard materials for school construction .
Chinese President Hu Jintao has repeatedly declared that the fight against fraud is a top government priority and courts have handed down heavy sentences against prominent offenders .
Last year , the former head of the Chinese Food and Drug Administration , Zheng Xiaoyu , was executed after being found guilty of taking bribes to approve thousands of new drugs .
Stiff punishments , however , do not appear to have curbed the phenomenon .
Just this week , the deputy president of the Supreme Court and the head of parliament 's budget committee were fired for corruption in an indication of how far the rot has spread even among the highest levels of government .
The exact nature of the accusations leveled against Yang , party secretary of a district in Wenzhou , a boomtown on China 's east coast , remains unclear .
State media reported that he was questioned by a team from the region 's party disciplinary committee three days before his trip .
The Wenzhou municipal government sent two officials to Paris to persuade Yang to return , local newspapers reported , along with a doctor to treat a bad back that he said prevented him from traveling home .
But they had no success .
The Wenzhou authorities subsequently confiscated all local officials ' passports , according to Oriental Outlook , a magazine owned by the government 's news agency , Xinhua , in a bid to stop others from following Yang 's example .
" Passport management is the way to handle this ... but that is very complicated , " says Dr. Li , since many government employees have both official and personal passports .
The problem is compounded by the fact that China has signed extradition treaties with only 31 countries .
They do not include the US , Canada , or Australia – three popular destinations for Chinese officials on the lam .
Only four western European nations have such agreements with Beijing .
Those who escape China with money tend to seek refuge in North America or Europe , say corruption experts here .
Smaller fish head for Southeast Asia or South America .
" The top destinations are the countries with independent judicial systems , " says Liao Ran , senior program coordinator of the Asia and Pacific department at Transparency International , a Berlin - based international corruption watchdog .
" If you get help from a lawyer ... your appeals process can last for 10 years " in most Western countries , says Mr. Liao .
Lai Changxing , for example , is alleged to have headed a major smuggling ring and is often called China 's most wanted man .
He arrived in Canada in 1999 and has been fighting a legal battle to avoid deportation ever since .
" The more money the criminals have , the harder it is to repatriate them , " says Li . " The economic costs are very high for China . "
Mr. Lai has also benefited from a Canadian judge 's ruling that he might be subjected to torture if he were returned to China .
Other Chinese officials elsewhere have argued they should not be sent home for fear of political persecution .
China 's paltry number of bilateral extradition treaties , says Liao , is also explained by the fact that Beijing still imposes the death penalty on people found guilty of serious corruption .
" The law in many Western countries [ where the death penalty has been abolished ] says a person cannot be deported if he risks the death penalty , " he says .
The Chinese government is moving towards abolishing capital punishment for economic crimes , says Liao , " which might make extradition easier in the future . "
China has not been totally unsuccessful apprehending corruption suspects .
In 2004 , the US deported Yu Zhendong , accused of defrauding the Bank of China of $ 485 million .
He was sentenced to 12 years in jail .
Chinese officials also convinced the Canadian authorities last August to return Deng Xinzhi , alleged to be a swindler , who had sought refuge in Toronto .
His case has not yet come to trial here .
In the absence of extradition treaties with most countries where Chinese officials seek safe havens , Beijing can generally only await the outcome of immigration cases brought against the suspects .
Beijing is hoping to forge closer international ties with some of these key nations following its accession to the United Nations convention against corruption , which has more than 150 signatories .
" This widens the basis for international cooperation and allows China to work more closely with foreign countries , " says Chen Lei , a corruption expert at Beijing Normal University .
The government is also stepping up its long - running domestic efforts to combat fraud .
The Chinese parliament is studying proposals obliging all government employees to report their property holdings , widening the scope of corruption probes to officials ' relatives and increasing the penalties for corruption .
" Though the new laws look very good , " says Liao .
" The problem is whether or not they can be enforced .
Still , the central government 's political commitment to fight corruption is in place . "
Despite these efforts , many corruption experts say that as the government tightens the screws on fraud , the exodus will likely grow larger .
" A lot of corrupt officials do not dare stay in China now , " says Mao .
" There will be more and more officials heading abroad , and they will be taking more and more money with them . "
​​ ​23rd Annual
Tri-State Tobacco & Candy Distributors Convention
There is no 2020 Tri-State Convention but there is a Tri-State Webinar Series provided free of charge .
In just 60 - minutes or less , industry experts will share their knowledge and insights and answer your questions .
Do n't miss our next webinar
LUNCH AND LEARN : Human Resources & COVID 19
What Employers Need to Know
September 24th 12:00 pm
CLICK HERE TO REGISTER
Who Should Attend ?
Wholesaler Owners and Officers
Area Supervisors and Human Resources Staff
​
Guy Ritchie 's new film " Sherlock Holmes " stars Robert Downey Jr. as the famed detective -- and the actor channels Brad Pitt in " Fight Club " in this new still from the film !
This half - naked , bloodied shot features Sherlock in a fighting pit .
Look for " Sherlock Holmes " in theatres late next year .
Barack Obama : Under threat
Even as the US President - elect celebrated with more than 160,000 supporters in Grant Park , Chicago , he did so from behind bullet - proof glass 12ft high and 3ins thick .
Mr Obama , wife Michelle , running mate Joe Biden and his wife Jill were under instructions not to stray from the line - of - fire protection zone .
This zone had been identified by FBI agents pointing lasers at the stage from every building surrounding the park .
America will have to get used to such scenes .
Such are the concerns for Mr Obama ’s safety that many are already voicing their fears he may not even reach the White House .
Emory Douglas of the Black Panthers rights group said : “ Nothing can be taken for granted that he actually will be the next President of the United States .
There are people who do n’t want Obama in that position and some of them are powerful .
There could easily be an assassination or a campaign to ruin him Emory Douglas of the Black Panthers rights group
“ There could easily be an assassination or a campaign to ruin him before he begins his term because of what he represents .
Nothing is out of the question .
Until January when he is inaugurated , we just do n’t know if we will see a black man in charge . ”
Fears for Mr Obama ’s safety began the moment he entered the race for the White House and investigations are on - going into potential threats from race - hate groups in and outside the US .
As America celebrated yesterday the mood in both Secret Service and FBI headquarters was sombre as the scale of the task was analysed .
One security source said : “ It ’s not the crazies who tell you what they ’re gonna do that are dangerous , it ’s the crazies that do n’t .
And we all know they ’re out there .
It only takes one lunatic racist with a gun , one deranged extremist with a single bullet , one determined white supremacist , to end it all .
“ And you can bet there are plenty of angry , disturbed people lining up for the chance to be that one . ”
Mr Obama and his family spent the Presidential campaign with more full - time Secret Service agents – a team of 10 – than any other candidate in the history of the race .
That will now be increased , with a squad of six agents assigned to his wife Michelle , 44 , and another six to watch over their daughters Malia , 10 and Sasha , seven .
Mr Obama ’s limousine , supplied by the Secret Service , is bulletproof and reinforced to withstand bomb attack .
A team of specialist investigators from the FBI has also been assigned to work alongside the Secret Service to monitor America ’s 487 known white supremacist groups .
Senior advisers have already discussed with Mr Obama the possibility of him wearing a lightweight bullet - proof vest during public appearances – a proposal he has so far resisted , but which Secret Service chiefs are expected to insist upon .
Many fear an assassination attempt is simply a matter of time .
Mississippi Democratic representative Bennie Thompson told Secret Service chiefs : “ As an African - American who was witness to some of this nation ’s most shameful days during the civil rights movement , I know personally that the hatred of some of our fellow citizens can lead to heinous acts of violence . ”
Yet insiders admit the threat could come from many quarters : pro-lifers who fear Mr Obama will enshrine Americans ’ abortion rights ; religious fundamentalists ; terrorists both foreign and domestic .
Secret Service agents are trained to sacrifice their lives for the president .
“ Someone shoots , most people duck , ” said a former presidential detail supervisor .
“ He is trained to open up , to take the bullet . ”
Two assassination conspiracies have already been uncovered and the plotters arrested as the special task force to preserve Mr Obama scours the internet and telephone calls for clues .
His Democratic campaign headquarters in Chicago received hundreds of telephone calls and letters threatening Obama and his family .
Before the outcome of the election was known , Ku Klux Klan International leader Railton Loy said of Mr Obama : “ If that man is elected president , he ’ll be shot sure as hell .
The hate would be so deep down South . ”
Mr Obama acknowledges the danger , saying : “ I think anybody who decides to run for president recognises that there are some risks involved , just like there are risks in anything . ”
The MMORPG Age of Conan was released by Funcom right around the middle of May in 2008 , probably to avoid getting steam - rollered and plowed under by the Wrath of the Lich King expansion for everyone ’s favourite fantasy juggernaut .
In less than a month of blistering sales fueled by desperate gamers trying to escape the pull of Warcraft , Age of Conan had gathered up over 700,000 subscribers in its muscled and well - oiled arms .
Six months later Funcom was quietly merging servers and banning anyone who talked about subscription numbers on their forums .
Age of Conan is now , for all practical purposes , a walking and half - naked corpse shambling toward a dark horizon .
So what happened ?
How did Age of Conan die ?
The quick answer ?
It was never alive .
When you first login to Age of Conan , you ’ll wake up on the shores of a lush island , overflowing with quests , voice actors , plotlines , and wonderful vistas .
Even bitter veterans who would n’t piss out Funcom if the entire company were on fire admit that this starting zone , Tortage , is a great experience .
Tortage lasts for about twenty levels out of eighty .
Then , you step away from the jungle harbours and into the wide world , and that ’s when Funcom shouts “ Sucker ! ” in your face before running off laughing into the night with your money .
They give you the finger the whole time .
You see , a few things were lacking after Tortage .
Those wonderful vistas transform into dirt and rocks , mostly because the DirectX 10 support listed on the box is n’t actually in the game .
Instead , Funcom took the graphics overhead DirectX 10 would have used , and plugged it all into the famed Realism Brownifier .
That ’s right , in the harsh world of Conan , real graphics are brown and dirty .
You might also discover the barren lands are short on things to do , since all those Tortage quests which brought you up to level 20 are gone .
From here on out , most of your questing will involve going to the proper Place of Great Respawn and grinding mobs like you were filling up a resume to take some Chinese gold farmer ’s job .
The dust and dirt must be really hard on the lungs , too , since the vast majority of quest givers are mute .
Voice acting , it seems , was too much a courtesy for Funcom to extend after the trial period .
But hey , at least your character is n’t wearing a clown suit like those technicolour lollipop bastards over in Azeroth .
That ’s true enough , but you better like that brown , realistic outfit , because you ’ll be wearing something just like it for the rest of your career .
Not that it matters what bonuses it gives you .
Character stats did n’t work at all when the game released , and bonuses on gear were so low you ’d need to twink out a full suit over a single bonus to even see a 1 % increase in your abilities .
Fortunately , you ’ll be able to move around those desolate zones easily enough , what with how dying and rezzing is actually a faster way to travel than going there through the game .
And you will die , make no mistake .
The combat system relies on position and combos to deal your best damage , but the great part about this is that while you ’re pressing the four buttons and swinging around the five attacks for your combo , the other guy just walked away from you , got into position behind you , and sank his sword into your spleen .
Oh , and two classes can close in on you under stealth .
Does n’t everyone love getting ganked by Warcraft Rogues ?
In Age of Conan , there are two different flavours of teabagging rogues to sample and savour .
To their credit , Funcom has tried to fix the problems of their newest flagship game , but it seems whoever actually built Age of Conan has gone on to other pastures , or perhaps their next life .
The remaining crew ’s attempts at repairing the game can be likened to dozens of monkeys eager to help out with an especially critical moment of brain surgery .
It was messy , things got broken , there was alot of hooting , and something nasty was left dripping off the walls .
Gaute Godager , the Producer and Game Director even resigned , leaving Funcom after sixteen years with the company over how the game was handled post - release .
Without Godager ’s influence as a unifying force , the game sunk further in the pits of hooting monkeydom .
Suckered in by the newbie zone , 700,000 souls subscribed .
Faced with the rest of the game after level 20 , they unsubscribed .
It all lasted a bit over two months .
In the end , all that is left are guilds of gankers , hiding in grinding caves and waiting for someone to unstealth .
What began among the jeweled towers of Aquilonia ends then , here in caves and dirt .
And brown .
Lots and lots of brown .
by relevancy by status newest first oldest first recently updated first
FREE Southern Classics Cookbook
With this cookbook , you ’re never more than a few steps away from a down home dinner .
Get it free when you sign up for our newsletter .
Email Address Sign up
There was an error .
Please try again .
A federal judge Thursday rebuked the Bush administration for making the “ unprecedented ” claim that senior White House officials were beyond the reach of congressional subpoena power , and ordered two top officials to cooperate with the politically charged probe of U.S. attorney firings .
The ruling by U.S. District Judge John D. Bates -- appointed to the federal bench by President Bush in 2001 -- is believed to be the first time in history that a court has come to the aid of Congress in attempting to enforce subpoenas against the executive branch .
Bates ’ decision came in a lawsuit by the House leadership , which subpoenaed former White House Counsel Harriet E. Miers and Bush ’s chief of staff , Joshua B. Bolten .
Democrats said Bates ’ 93 - page ruling vindicated their dogged efforts to check potential abuses under Bush , and tentatively set hearings for September .
They said they expected White House officials to appear then to answer questions about the controversy over the fired prosecutors , which led to the resignation of Bush confidant and former Atty .
Gen. Alberto R. Gonzales last year .
Advertisement
“ The executive cannot identify a single judicial opinion that recognizes absolute immunity for senior presidential advisors in this or any other context , ” Bates wrote .
“ That simple yet critical fact bears repeating :
The asserted absolute immunity claim here is entirely unsupported by existing case law . ”
The ruling was the latest by a court to rein in broad claims of executive power by the Bush administration .
The White House has also been stymied repeatedly in its actions in the war on terrorism , such as its treatment of “ enemy combatants . ”
“ We disagree with the district court ’s decision , ” White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said Thursday .
Bates left unresolved whether administration officials would be justified in refusing to answer specific questions under the doctrine of executive privilege .
Advertisement
That question , and an anticipated White House appeal , means the controversy is likely to spill over into the next administration , where it could raise novel legal questions about whether ex-presidents have the power to assert executive privilege after they have left office .
Since the subpoenas expire when the 110th Congress goes out of business in January , the incoming chamber would have to reissue them .
But the ruling provides some long - sought leverage for Democrats to put administration figures suspected of having a role in the prosecutor purge in the witness chair and under oath , including Bush political advisor Karl Rove .
The House Judiciary Committee voted Wednesday to hold Rove in contempt of Congress for ignoring a subpoena relating to the dismissals .
“ It certainly strengthens our hand , ” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said of the ruling .
“ This decision should send a clear signal to the Bush administration that it must cooperate fully with Congress ” and that administration figures must testify .
Miers was the top lawyer in the White House when plans to replace some of the attorneys were being developed .
Democrats had sought her testimony about the episode , and issued a separate subpoena to Bolten in order to obtain White House e-mails and other documents relating to the firings , which Democrats believe were politically motivated .
Advertisement
The White House took the position that both Miers and Bolten had blanket immunity , and argued in court papers that judges had no role in deciding the controversy .
Miers never appeared before the committee , and Bolten produced no documents .
Bates said he found ample precedent for his court to decide the controversy .
“ Indeed , the aspect of this lawsuit that is unprecedented is the notion that Ms. Miers is absolutely immune from compelled congressional process , ” the judge observed .
The Supreme Court , he said , had reserved absolute immunity for “ very narrow circumstances , ” including matters of national security or foreign affairs .
Rep. John Conyers Jr. ( D - Mich ) . , chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , signaled that hearings would commence after the five - week congressional summer recess .
“ We hope that the defendants will accept this decision and expect that we will receive relevant documents and call Ms. Miers to testify in September , ” he said .
Advertisement
Bates said he hoped that lawyers for the two branches would settle the dispute and avoid further litigation .
He scheduled a conference for Aug. 27 to discuss their progress .
“ The practical significance of the opinion will depend chiefly on whether the investigations persist into the next Congress and on how the new administration responds , ” said Peter M. Shane , a professor at Ohio State University ’s law school .
He said there might be “ interesting questions , yet presented , about the authority of an ex-president to make even qualified executive privilege claims on behalf of his former aides . ”
But he said that , in general , it is up to the incumbent president to decide , while in office , what is in the best interests of the executive branch as an institution .
Legal experts said they could recall no other case in which a federal court had sided with Congress to enforce a subpoena against executive branch officials .
One reason is that Congress and the White House historically have resolved their differences before going to court .
Advertisement
The administration “ could have saved themselves a lot of trouble if they had allowed these aides to go to the Hill to testify , to show they were willing to play ball , ” said Mark J. Rozell , a professor at George Mason University ’s law school .
In those circumstances , they still could have reserved the right to make limited objections to some of the questions .
Rozell said the case was another example of how the administration had miscalculated the scope of its presidential powers .
“ They ’ve overreached , ” Rozell said , “ and time after time , they have gotten their heads handed to them . ”
--
rick.schmitt@latimes.com
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan
Howard knows this place will go nuts with one more win .
" It will be absolute bedlam , " he said .
" It will be one of the craziest places on earth .
It 's kind of scary to imagine . "
Then again , who would 've guessed Phillies pitcher Joe Blanton would shut his eyes , take a huge swing and sock a ball into the seats ?
Blanton became the first pitcher in 34 years to homer in the World Series , Howard drove in five runs with two homers and Philadelphia romped over the Tampa Bay Rays 10 - 2 on Sunday night to move within one win of its first title since 1980 .
The team of 10,000 losses could give title - starved Philadelphia its first champion in any of the four big sports since the NBA 's 76ers in 1983 .
" A championship is the only way to fully reverse that thought of how the Phillies are portrayed , " said Jimmy Rollins , who sparked the Phillies with three hits and three runs .
" If we get that game , I believe we will be happy , the city will be happy , there will be a big parade . "
Jayson Werth also homered as the Phillies took a 3 - 1 lead in the best - of - seven Series and thrilled their frustrated , long - suffering fans .
" I did n't really buy into the whole thing about the city and the drought and all that kind of stuff , " Howard said .
Cole Hamels will try to close out the Phillies ' second Series title on Monday night against Scott Kazmir in a rematch of Game 1 starters .
Hamels ( 4 - 0 ) is trying to become the first pitcher to win five postseason starts in one year .
Of the 42 teams to take 3 - 1 World Series leads , 36 have gone on to win the crown .
After splitting the first two games in Florida , the Phillies improved to 6 - 0 at Citizens Bank Park this postseason .
That includes a wacky , rain - delayed 5 - 4 win in Game 3 that ended at 1:47 a.m. Sunday .
" Cole looks for these moments .
I call him Hollywood , because when the lights are on , that 's when he's at his best , " Rollins said .
" And tomorrow night , the lights will definitely be on . "
In warm years , lemmings are the most plentiful mammals Climate change is bringing wetter winters to southern Norway , a bleak prospect for the region 's lemmings .
Scientists found that numbers of the animals no longer vary over a regular cycle , as they did until a decade ago ; there are no more bumper years .
The snow is not stable enough , they think , to provide winter shelter .
Writing in the journal Nature , the researchers suggest the lack of Norwegian lemmings is affecting other animals such as foxes and owls .
In boom years , lemmings are the most plentiful and important prey for these carnivores .
Until the mid-1990s , the lemming population in the study area in southern Norway varied on a cycle of three to five years .
The animals can live for three to four years making use of snow cover Rather than hibernating , lemmings spend the winter living in the space between the ground and a stable layer of snow above .
Dry winters would allow large numbers to survive until spring , resulting in a population explosion .
On occasions , there were so many that snowploughs were deployed to clear squashed animals from roads .
These years often saw Norwegian lemmings ( Lemmus lemmus ) having to compete hard for food .
The desperate search led some to jump off high ground into water , leading to the popular - but wrong - assumption that they were prone to commit collective suicide .
But the peak years are not occurring anymore .
The research team , composed of Norwegian and French scientists , believes the winters are now too humid , leading to the " wrong kind of snow " .
This results in a less stable subnivean space ( the space between the ground and the snow layer above ) , meaning substantially fewer animals survive until spring .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Franken campaign says recount margin down to 50 votes Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday December 2 , 2008
Print This Email This Democratic Senate candidate Al Franken 's campaign says he trails Republican incumbent Norm Coleman by just 50 votes as the recount of ballots in Minnesota nears its conclusion .
Marc Elias , the Franken campaign 's lead attorney , told reporters the margin was based on tallies from observers in recount locations .
Elias also said he 's optimistic at the prospects to have some of the more than 9,000 rejected absentee ballots re-added to the count as elections officials begin sorting through the ballots based on the reason they were rejected .
Whatever happens , Elias vowed to fight on " until every vote has been fairly and accurately counted , " even if that means asking the US Senate to intervene .
Of the rejected absentee ballots , Elias estimate as many as 1,000 represent legitimate votes that should be counted .
" Whether that happens at the county level , before the canvassing board , in the courts or before the United States Senate , we are more confident than ever that will happen , " he said .
While the 50 - vote tally separating the candidates was far narrower than estimates from local newspapers , Elias acknowleged , he said it sought to correct for " frivolous " ballot challenges from Coleman 's team .
The two campaigns have challenged about 6,000 ballots of more than 2.4 million cast ; Coleman 's campaign is challenging about 200 more than Franken .
The Minneapolis Star Tribune estimates that Coleman is leading by a wider margin than Elias said .
The paper put the gap between the two at 340 votes Tuesday afternoon .
Elias said that accounting was inaccurate because it excluded all challenged ballots , even those where a voter 's intention was clear .
Franken 's campaign compiled its tally based on the pre-challenge ruling from non-partisan judges at the recount sites .
" If the judge calls it for Coleman , we treat it as a Coleman ballot even though we have challenged it , " he said .
" We know that the Coleman campaign has challenged far more Franken ballots than we have challenged Coleman ballots , " he continued , accusing the rival campaign of " driving down the Franken number . "
Regarding the rejected absentee ballots , Elias cheered the decision to begin sorting through them .
Minnesota law provides just four reasons to reject an absentee ballot -- if a voters name or address is different on the ballot than on the application form , if the form lacks a signature or if the signature does not match the voter 's , if the voter is not registered or if a voter already cast a ballot in the election .
Elias said Minnesota 's secretary of state has instructed local election officials to sort the rejected absentee ballots into five piles , one for each of the four legal rejection reasons and a fifth pile of ballots that were rejected for reasons that are unclear or improper .
It is this " fifth pile " of ballots that the Franken campaign hopes to have included in the recount .
When asked for specifics about how far the campaign would be willing to take its challenges , Elias demurred , saying only that he hoped the counties would count the ballots on their own .
But court challenges or an appeal to the Senate remained on the table .
" One way or another , " he said , " we are going to ensure these votes are counted . "
LEGO Still Life Piece Presents a Side of Jar Jar Binks We Don’t Mind Seeing – Kooky Star Wars Tribute
With a simple image created with a few LEGO pieces , Flickr user polywen speaks to the hearts of geeks everywhere .
And polywen does it in that close - talking , husky - voiced way that ’s kind of titillating as long as it ’s not coming from your Grandma , the menthol - cigarette chain - smoker .
Everyone knows about Emperor Palpatine ’s treacherous Order 66 which called for the killing of the Jedi .
Few are aware of his lesser known but far more beneficial Order 67 , in which he orders the immediate execution of the most annoying member of the Galactic Senate .
Et tu Commander Cody ?
Jar Jar Binks ’ intestines look like the plastic snake that came with the Yoda action figure from Kenner I had when I was a kid .
Nutty coincidence , or is polywen rockin’ the poetic license ?
Find LEGO Star Wars toys on Ebay
Enjoy this post ?
Subscribe to Great White Snark by – or by RSS .
Biden did n't put the boot in ; he did n't come off as sexist ; he did n't make any obvious gaffes .
Palin did n't collapse and pushed through the debate with enough speed not to wobble .
But it felt as if she needed the speed in order not to wobble .
Her inexperience showed ; her tone worked best at first and then began to grate .
I do n't think this debate changed the direction of this election campaign , and I think Palin 's performance will buck up base Republicans but actually unnerve some independents .
The campaign 's trajectory remains unaltered .
Palin 's inability to answer real questions , her capacity to avoid follow - ups , her slightly manic quality , and her inability to relate to working class voters came across .
Biden did not talk too much ; he made no sexist gaffes ; he did n't appear to be overweening ; he seemed like a nice guy .
I think she managed to avoid a tailspin ; he reassured .
It will stem the GOP collapse a little .
But it wo n't change the race .
What we need now is a press conference with Palin .
She needs to be forced to answer follow - ups .
She needs to be made accessible to the press and thereby the American people .
( Photo : Scott Olson / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Tech News from around the globe
For a Q&A with Rose George , click here .
The flush toilet is a curious object .
It is the default method of excreta disposal in most of the industrialized , technologically advanced world .
It was invented either 500 or 2,000 years ago , depending on opinion .
The ancient inhabitants of the mighty Indus Valley , in present - day Pakistan , had privies above channels of running water , whereas King Minos 's palace on Crete , 4,000 years ago , fed rainwater through terra -cotta pipes to flush privies below .
Toilet historians , of which there are few , attribute the modern flush toilet to Sir John Harington , godson of Queen Elizabeth I , who thought his godmother might like something that flushed away her excreta and devised the Ajax , a play on the Elizabethan word " jakes " , meaning privy .
The golden age of the toilet , though , only occurred in the later years of the 18th century and the early years of the next , due to the trio of Alexander Cumming ( who invented a valve mechanism ) , Joseph Bramah ( a Yorkshireman who improved on Cumming 's valve and made the best lavatories to be had for the next century ) , and Thomas Crapper ( another Yorkshireman who did not invent the toilet but improved its parts ) .
In engineering terms , the best invention was the siphonic ush , which pulls the water out of the bowl and into the pipe .
For the user , the S - bend was the godsend , because the water that rested in the bend created a seal that prevented odor from emerging from the pipe .
At the height of Victorian invention , patents for siphonic ushes were being requested at the rate of two dozen or so a year .
Nevertheless , although contemporary inventions like the telephone have gone through profound changes , the modern toilet would still be recognizable to Joseph Bramah .
He could probably x it .
And he most likely would be astonished that we have n't substantially improved it .
The modern toilet has probably added a decade to the human life span ( and was voted the biggest medical advance of the last two centuries by the readers of the British Medical Journal ) .
But it is flawed .
Seating us high — the average American toilet now measures an astonishing 16.5 inches ( 42 centimeters ) from rim to floor — it is ergonomically questionable , as it squeezes shut the colon and in fact hampers the process of evacuation that it is designed to aid .
But the Western world is happy with it .
Marketers call toilets a " distress purchase , " only replaced when necessary .
One country treats the toilet differently :
In Japan , the toilet is modified , improved on , innovated .
It is a design object , a must - have , a desirable product .
Enormous sums are spent on improving its smallest parts .
Japanese toilets can , variously , check your blood pressure ; play you music ; wash and dry your anus and " front parts " by means of an in - toilet nozzle that sprays water and warm air ; suck smelly ions from the air ; switch on a light for you as you stumble into the bathroom at night ; put the seat lid down for you ( a function known as the " marriage - saver , " and one that also prevents fine particles of fecal matter being sprayed around the bathroom with every flush ) ; and flush away your excreta without requiring anything as old - fashioned as a tank .
These devices are known as high - function toilets , but even the lowliest high - function toilet will have as standard an in - built bidet system , a heated seat , and some form of nifty control panel .
The Washlet , originally a brand name for a toilet seat with bidet function , has become a generic word for a high - function toilet ( usually translated as Washeretto ) .
Since 1980 , TOTO , Japan 's biggest and oldest toilet manufacturer , has sold 20 million Washlets to a nation of 160 million people .
According to census figures , more Japanese households now have a Washlet than a computer .
It is easy — for anyone who has not used one — to dismiss a Washlet as yet another product of Japanese eccentricity : Robo - toilets .
But the stunning success of the high - function toilet holds lessons for anyone — from public health officials to marketing experts — whose work involves understanding and changing human behaviour and decision making .
It is instructive because only 60 years ago , Japan was a nation of squatting pit latrines .
Today , the Japanese sit , use water and expect a heated seat as a matter of course .
In less than a century , the Japanese toilet industry has achieved the equivalent of persuading a country that drove on the left in horse - drawn carriages to move to the right and , by the way , to drive a Ferrari instead .
I arrange to visit the TOTO Technical Center in Tokyo .
It is a low , sleek building , oddly located on a residential street .
The Center is described as " [ a place ] where architects come to get ideas about designs . "
Sample bathroom sets gleam in the distance ; a row of toilets automatically lift their lids as I walk past , in a ceramic greeting ceremony .
Photographs are forbidden .
The toilet industry in Japan is a highly competitive business , and the top three — TOTO , Inax and Matsushita — keep their secrets close .
My requests to visit TOTO 's product development laboratories were politely refused .
The world 's biggest toilet manufacturer was founded in 1917 , when a man called Kazuchika Okura , then working for a ceramics company , thought it might be a good idea to manufacture toilet bowls .
It was not the most obvious business plan in a nation that used squat latrines .
Progress was slow at first .
Then came World War II , which left Japan with a damaged infrastructure and a determination from planners to build superior housing connected to sewers .
By 1977 , more Japanese were sitting than squatting .
The new ceramic sitting toilet had disadvantages .
Visiting an outhouse during Japan 's freezing winters could never have been pleasant , but at least with a squat pan there was no contact between skin and cold material .
The new style changed that :
Now , flesh had to sit on icy ceramic for several months of the year , a situation worsened by a national resistance to central heating that persists today .
TOTO spotted a flawed design that could use some innovation .
In 1964 the Wash Air Seat arrived in Japan .
Produced by the American Bidet Company , this detachable seat featured a nozzle that sprayed warm water and also blew hot air for drying purposes .
In the U.S. , the Wash Air Seat had been aimed at patients who had difficulty using toilet paper or reaching round to wipe themselves .
It was a niche item that TOTO thought had mass appeal .
After all , water is better for cleansing , something that cultures who wash rather than wipe know well .
For water cultures , using toilet paper to clean the dirtiest part of the body makes as much hygienic sense as rubbing oneself with a towel instead of taking a shower .
But TOTO 's version failed .
It was too expensive .
The bidet function was too foreign .
And Japanese also did n't know they wanted better toilets .
The privy was neither talked about nor acknowledged , a cultural convention demonstrated by the common proverb Kusaimono ni futa wo suru ( to keep a lid on stinky things ) .
The toilet could not be advertised .
So the Washlet languished in obscurity for years .
At TOTO I am joined by Ryosuke Hayashi , a senior engineer and important man .
Of the 1,500 patents that TOTO has filed in Japan ( and 600 internationally ) , the Restroom Department is responsible for half .
Rick finds my interest in the Washlet quaint .
I say that for any non-Japanese person used to a cold , ceramic toilet that does nothing but flush , the Washlet is extraordinary .
He 's unconvinced .
He 'd rather talk about the Neorest , TOTO 's top of the line toilet and , in his engineering eyes , an infinitely superior combination of plumbing and computing .
Certainly , the Neorest looks gorgeous .
It should , when it retails in Japan for $ 1,700 , and in the U.S. for $ 5,000 .
Rick thinks that the price is a bargain , considering that " it has a brain . "
The Neorest takes two days to learn its owner 's habits , and adjusts its heating and water use accordingly .
It knows when to switch the heat off and which temperature is preferable .
It has sensors to assess when the lid needs to be put down or when the customer has finished and the nozzle can be retracted .
All this technology has come from years of research , billions of yen and many great minds ( TOTO has 1,500 engineers ) — and a visit to a strip club .
I persist in asking about the genesis of the Washlet and how it changed Japan , and Rick finally humors me .
To sell the Washlet to an unwelcoming public , it had to work properly .
The Wash Air Seat and the early Washlet operated mechanically .
It took several minutes for the spray to spray and for the water to heat .
TOTO solved this by making the workings electronically operated , the spray instant , and the angle perfect .
The Washlet nozzle extends and retracts at exactly 43 degrees , a position precisely calibrated to prevent any cleansing water from falling back on the nozzle after doing its job .
( This is known as " backwash " . )
Determining the angle was a long , careful process , Rick says .
I ask him how the research was done .
He says , " Well , we have 20,000 employees , " and stops .
I wait for enlightenment .
The answer lies in a comic book .
This is a 48 - page TOTO history published by Weekly Sankei magazine in 1985 , five years after the company had relaunched the Washlet .
Its heroes are Mr Kawakami , a TOTO engineer , and his portly , cheery colleague , Mr. Ito .
Kawakami and Ito are entrusted with improving the Washlet .
The nozzle has to be accurate , and to make it so , they need to know the average location of the human anus .
Facts like this are not easy to find , so they turn to the only source material available , which is anybody on the company payroll .
Their workmates are n't impressed .
" Though we are colleagues , " one says with politeness , " I do n't want you to know my anus position . "
But Kawakami and Ito eventually prevail .
Three hundred colleagues were persuaded to sit on a toilet — in private — and to mark the positions of their anuses by fixing a small piece of a paper to a wire strung across the seat .
The average is calculated ( for males , it comes to between 27 and 28 centimeters , or 10.5 and 11 inches , from the front of the toilet seat ) , but that 's only the first hurdle .
Mr Kawakami is now tasked with improving the Washlet 's ability to wash " the female place " .
He needs to know how many centimeters separate a female 's two places , and is initially at a loss .
Obviously the best place to research female places is in a place with females , preferably naked ones .
That 's where the strip club comes in , though most strip club clientele are unlikely to react as Mr. Kawakami does , by shouting , " Three centimeters ! "
By 1995 , 23 per cent of Japanese houses had some kind of Washlet , according to a Cabinet Office survey , and by the end of the next decade , the figure had doubled .
The obvious business plan was to go global .
In toilet terms , the wealthy consumers of the United States are the next frontier .
TOTO opened its first U.S. office in 1989 .
Its current premises in New York City are in downtown SoHo , where the window display — a glossy , sleek Neorest — somehow fits in well on this street of designer shops .
TOTO 's initial success in the U.S. , though , had nothing to do with aesthetics .
In 1992 , after it was noted that a flush toilet uses 40 percent of a household 's water , the United States government passed the Energy Policy Act ( EPAct ) , requiring all new toilets within two years to use only 1.5 gallons ( 5.5 liters ) for each flush , when the average was an astonishing eight gallons ( 30 liters ) .
The toilet industry was wrong - footed .
Two years was barely enough time to change production lines , let alone reconfigure a toilet design that relied on a set volume of water to function .
Consequently , the next several years are still known as the time of clogging .
American manufacturers ' loss was initially TOTO 's gain .
TOTO 's success in Japan had come through clever advertising and marketing , but it was also due to a brown , gloopy material called gi ji obutse , which translates as " fake body waste " .
It is , TOTO staff in Japan tell me , " a key part of TOTO , " and so key , the recipe is top secret , though they will reveal that it involves soybean paste .
Soybean paste ( miso ) is a lethal weapon in the battle for toilet market victory , because toilet - makers need to test ushes , and they need test media to do it with .
A ush is a chaotic event .
Various media bounce around trying to get through one small opening .
The more realistic the test media , the closer its properties — buoyancy , density — to human feces , the better the ush .
Toilet engineers have always known this :
When George Jennings 's Pedestal Vase won a gold medal at a Health Exhibition in 1884 , it had successfully ushed 10 apples , one at sponge , three " air vessels " ( crumpled paper ) as well as cleaning the " plumber 's smudge " smeared on the bowl 's surface .
When the National Association of Home Builders ( NAHB ) published a survey in 2002 testing toilets for ush performance , TOTO models were ranked rst , second and third .
This helped TOTO 's reputation and sales : Since 2003 , annual U.S. sales have doubled ( from 14.4 billion to 30.1 billion yen , or $ 257 million ) .
TOTO wo n't release sales gures — beyond saying unhelpfully that the company is " the recognized leader in the toilet category , " which would puzzle industry leader Kohler — but , at least temporarily , gi ji obutse helped to give them the ushing edge in a clogged nation .
Also , TOTO had successfully sold its toilets on the concept that they could keep the consumer clean , rather than the other way round .
It would do the same in America .
In 2007 the expensive " Clean is Happy " campaign was introduced to the American public .
There were viral Internet ads and a lavish Web site featuring disturbingly cheery people telling you what Washlets could do in language Americans could understand .
The deodorizer , one cheery person explained , " is kind of like the catalytic converter in your car . "
It is " a hands - free clean , " said another .
It uses water , and what 's so scary about that , when " we wash our faces and hair with water !
Humans love water ! "
It will be a hard sell in a county that still associates bidets with louche behavior and Parisian debauchery .
Anal washing still means dirty naughtiness , as many Muslim - Americans revealed in a 2005 show called Lota Stories , where Americans recorded their experiences of using a lota — a cupful of water — in their toilet habits .
One contributor left some useful advice gained from several years of trying to use water in a culture content with " the complex , ridiculous thrones " ( as described by philosopher Alan Watts ) and unsatisfactory paper - cleaning methods .
Keep a plant in the bathroom , the contributor wrote , to explain away the watering can or cup .
Above all , use discretion .
" Ignore the impulse to explain what you are doing , even to friends .
Unless people have been using a lota all their lives , the benets completely escape them , and they will view you as a freak with a freakish bathroom custom . "
TOTO wo n't admit sales figures , but its American reach is nothing like back home .
Perhaps the robo - toilet revolution is simply taking its time .
But Tomohiko Satou of TOTO 's archrival Inax is noticeably lacking in TOTO - style optimism .
He spent time posted in Inax 's San Francisco office , where sales , he admits , were " not so much . "
" Japanese people , " he tells me , " understand that our product is very sanitary and clean . "
But years of trying to explain that to Americans taught him a painful truth .
" Americans just do n't want to use it .
They 're not scared .
They 're just not interested . "
When Russian system administrators stay at night hacking their systems they might have an urge for some hot food , so the most fast way to get a hot sausage is to … plug it into the wall electric outlet .
Just 219 volts of pure energy makes the sausage ready in a few seconds with the LED lamps indicating how is the process going .
And yes , do n’t do this at home , that ’s not safe !
via dlinnij
The hand drawn style of design is extremely popular right now .
In this post we ’ll take a look at a huge number of free resources for creating your own hand drawn design , plus plenty of examples for inspiration .
Hand Drawn Gallery :
These 20 websites are sure to give you some inspiration and ideas for your own hand drawn creations .
Some use sketches or hand drawn elements throughout the design and others do so strategically in only a few areas .
Casio Exilim Lab
Alex Buga
BootB
Joe Grisham
Kev Adamson
Pointless Ramblings
Heather Sloane
Tennessee Education
Satsu Design
Richard Stelmach
Fray
Juno
Bearskinrug
Kitty Attack
Jesus Rodriguez Velasco
Basmati Tree
Josh Tilton
We Are Not Freelancers
Hand Drawn Navigation :
Many websites specifically use hand drawn elements for navigation menus and / or hover effects .
Here are five example sites that do so .
Sarah Hyland
PSYOP
DPI Vision
SADD
Dann Whittaker Creative
Sketchy Icons :
The right icon set can give a website or blog an authentic hand drawn feel .
You can either create your own icons , of take advantage the four free icon sets featured here .
Handycons
Doodle Icon Set for Bloggers
Sketchy Icons
Sketchy Icons
Tutorials for Hand Drawn Design :
Looking to improve your skills at creating the hand drawn look ?
The tutorials shown below are a great start .
Both Photoshop and Illustrator are represented .
Photoshop Hand Drawn Design
Illustrating the Flower Pattern
Make an Inspiring Artistic Poster with Drawn Elements
Create a Sketchy Hand - Drawn Camera Illustration in Illustrator
Illustrate a Grunge - Style Talking Skull in Vector
Design Your Own Hand - Drawn Font
Pencil it In
Hand - Drawn Photoshop Brushes :
One of the easiest and most efficient ways to give your work a hand drawn touch is to use Photoshop brushes .
Fortunately , there are tons of free brushes in the sketching / doodle style .
There are more than 30 of the best sets featured here .
Handmade Doodles
Doodle Brushes
Doodle Brushes
Doodle Brushes
Doodle Brushes
Doodles Brushes
Frames
Heart Doodle Brushes
Star Doodle Brushes
Cloud Doodle Brushes
Arrow Doodle Brushes
Flower Doodle Brushes
Stencil Alphabet Brushes
Stencil Word Brushes
Scratched Scribble Brushes
Square Stamp Brushes
Scribble Brushes
Dotted Doodle Brushes
Handwriting Brushes
Handwriting Months Brushes
Thorough Notes Brushes
Plant Things
Handmade Doodles
Intricate
Big Swirly Ornaments
Swirly Scribbles
Boney Doodles
Pencil Trace Brushes
Psychedelic World
Hand - Drawn Ornaments
Hand Drawn Floral Patterns
Hand Drawn Floral Brushes
Oh So Random
Hand - Drawn Illustrator Brushes :
Photoshop brushes are n’t the only easy way to add hand drawn elements to a design .
Illustrator brushes are another great option , although there are as many readily available .
Scribled Dry-Erase Marker Brushes
Sketchy and Line Art Brushes
Tina ’s Streaky Inks
Sketchy Illustrator Brushes
Hand - Drawn Fonts :
Hand drawn and sketched fonts are also very effective and easy to find .
There are tons of fonts to choose from , here is a quick look at 16 quality choices .
Tire Shop
Estrya’ Handwriting
Paperfont
Sketch Rockwell
Honey Script
James Fajardo
Jerry ’s Handwriting
Just Me Again Down Here
Jose Fernandez
Ellianarelle ’s Path
Salamander
Alpha Mack
Angelina
Another
Rock Show Whiplash
Pointy
Paper Textures :
Many hand drawn style designs are done on textured backgrounds , particularly paper textures .
SXC .hu is one of the best resources for free images , and here is a collection of 16 paper textures from their site ( these textures are taken from 60 Free Textures from SXC.hu ) .
For design tutorials and resources please see :
CEOs “ cashed out ” prior to economic crisis
By Tom Eley
28 November 2008
Balzac ’s maxim that “ behind every great fortune lies a great crime ” may yet prove a fitting epitaph for American capitalism .
A recent survey by the Wall Street Journal reveals that CEOs at major US financial and real estate firms converted tens of millions of dollars of overvalued stock into cash prior to the eruption of the current financial crisis , even as many of their corporations approached the precipice .
The Journal analyzed the fortunes of CEOs from 2003 to 2007 based on executive compensation and stock sale data .
Fifteen of these CEOs took home more than $ 100 million in cash during this period .
At the high end was Charles Schwab , who made over $ 816 million from his self - named investment firm , almost all of it from stock sales .
Of the 120 publicly traded firms the Journal analyzed , CEOs cashed out a total of more than $ 21 billion .
However , data was gathered only from publicly traded companies , and thus does not include similar fortunes that have been made by “ hedge fund chiefs , Wall Street traders , and executives who sold their companies outright . ”
Nor did it include data related to exit packages , the multimillion - dollar “ golden parachutes ” awarded to retiring or fired executives .
The Journal ’s findings underscore the parasitism and criminality of the US financial elite .
Defenders have long justified extravagant CEO pay by claiming that these were the talented “ risk - takers ” who generated enormous wealth for investors .
But the Journal ’s data shows that there is no correlation between compensation and a firm ’s success .
On the contrary , many CEOs rewarded themselves just as their corporations approached ruin .
These included Richard Fuld , the CEO of Lehman Brothers , who transformed his firm ’s stock into well over $ 100 million in cash .
When added to his salary and bonuses , Fuld pocketed nearly $ 185 million in the five years before 2008 , even as he guided his 150 - year - old investment bank to ruin .
James Cayne of Bear Stearns did nearly as well at his investment bank , collecting over $ 163.2 million , the vast majority of which was garnered from selling stock that would soon be scarcely worth the paper upon which it was printed .
Maurice Greenberg of American International Group ( AIG ) made $ 132.8 million between 2003 and 2005 , when he was forced to resign .
Well over $ 100 million of this came from windfall stock sales of the giant insurer .
AIG collapsed in September , but was determined to be “ too big to fail ” by the federal government , and was bailed out twice in less than one month to the tune of some $ 120 billion .
In August , the sub - prime mortgage giant Countrywide Financial Group collapsed spectacularly , and was absorbed by Bank of America .
In the previous five years , however , Countrywide ’s CEO , Angelo Mozilo , took home $ 471 million , over $ 400 million of which came from sales of the company ’s soon - to - be - worthless stock .
A look at the sectors of the economy where these richly remunerated executives worked , moreover , demonstrates the advanced rot of the US economy as a whole .
Without exception , they represented corporations that engaged in financial speculation — “ industries closely tied to the financial crisis , ” as the Journal puts it — and that produced no real value .
These until recently “ vibrant ” parts of the economy functioned only to siphon off enormous social wealth and deposit it in the bank accounts of the CEOs and big investors .
One example the Journal considered is the private student loan sector , which made Daniel Meyers , the CEO of a firm called First Marblehead , a very wealthy man .
Marblehead specialized in servicing loans to students who had “ exhausted the cheaper government - backed variety , ” and then repackaging and selling the debt to big banks such as Bank of America .
Meyers earned nearly $ 100 million , almost all of it in the sale of company stock ; together with other Marblehead insiders , $ 660 million was taken .
The Journal notes that Meyers used $ 10.3 million of his fortune to buy an ocean - front property in Rhode Island — the state with the highest unemployment rate .
Meyers tore down the villa that was there and has put up a 38,000 - square - foot mansion he named , befitting a pirate , “ Seaward . ”
Another sector of the economy that has proved highly lucrative for CEOs is that of home mortgages .
In addition to the aforementioned case of Angelo Mozilo and Countrywide , the Journal highlights the case of New Century Financial , the nation ’s second largest subprime lender .
While the lender is now bankrupt , over a period of four years its three leading executives took home a combined $ 74 million .
The Journal also mentions the case of Herbert and Marion Sandler , who made $ 2 billion off selling their mortgage firm , Golden West Financial Corp. , to Wachovia in 2005 .
This purchase likely contributed to the demise of Wachovia , which collapsed in October and was bought out by Wells Fargo .
In the field of “ credit - default swaps , ” Michael Gooch made $ 82.5 million through his firm GTI Group .
Over $ 77 million of this came from a remarkably well - timed sale in May of 2006 .
Since then , GTI ’s stock has lost over 90 percent of its value .
Gooch owns three mansions , and boasted to the Journal that he could pay off his only debt , a $ 1 million mortgage , “ with the spare change in my bank account . ”
The Journal notes with some surprise that one of the most highly remunerative fields was that of “ home - building . ”
The wealth accumulated by CEOs in this sector is a clear byproduct of the speculative real estate bubble that emerged over the last decade .
Toll Brothers , specializing in building suburban mansions , made Robert and Bruce Toll three quarters of a billion in cash , largely in stock sales .
The company has lost 74 percent of its value in the past year .
Chad Dreier , CEO of Ryland Group , made $ 181 million building homes in “ hot markets ” such as Las Vegas that have now gone bust , exposing thousands of families to foreclosure .
Dwight Schar , the CEO of a building firm called NVR , took home $ 626 million in 2003 - 2007 , almost all from the sale of stock .
Schar spent about $ 86 million of this fortune in 2005 to buy the Palm Beach , Florida estate of billionaire Ronald Perelman .
The Journal notes that the 11 - acre oceanfront complex includes two swimming pools and a tennis court .
It is perhaps a sign of the times that the Wall Street Journal , long a mouthpiece of US finance capital , would run a prominent article that questions the enormous personal fortunes built up by CEOs through dubious means even as their corporations sailed toward disaster .
Running such an article aims in part , no doubt , to appease the rage of thousands of middling investors who have lost their shirts in the economic crisis .
In any event , the criminal methods of these CEOs , who have led their companies and American capitalism as a whole to the brink of ruin , do not derive from personal greed alone .
In their criminality and nearsightedness the CEOs reflect , instead , the narrowing horizon and historical decline of US capitalism , in which the accumulation of extreme wealth long ago lost whatever connection it had to the creation of real value .
36 Methods of Mathematical Proof
If the proof of a theorem is not immediately apparent , it may be because you are trying the wrong approach .
Below are some effective methods of proof that might aim you in the right direction .
Proof by obviousness : " The proof is so clear that it need not be mentioned . "
Proof by general agreement : " All in favor ?... "
Proof by imagination : " Well , we 'll pretend it 's true ... "
Proof by convenience : " It would be very nice if it were true , so ... "
Proof by necessity : " It had better be true , or the entire structure of mathematics would crumble to the ground . "
Proof by plausibility : " It sounds good , so it must be true . "
Proof by intimidation : " Do n't be stupid ; of course it 's true ! "
Proof by lack of sufficient time : " Because of the time constrait , I 'll leave the proof to you . "
Proof by postponement : " The proof for this is long and arduous , so it is given to you in the appendix . "
Proof by accident : " Hey , what have we here ? ! "
Proof by insignificance : " Who really cares anyway ? "
Proof by mumbo-jumbo :
Proof by profanity : ( example omitted )
Proof by definition : " We define it to be true . "
Proof by tautology : " It 's true because it 's true . "
Proof by plagarism : " As we see on page 289 , .. . "
Proof by lost reference : " I know I saw it somewhere .... "
Proof by calculus : " This proof requires calculus , so we 'll skip it . "
Proof by terror :
When intimidation fails ...
Proof by lack of interest : " Does anyone really want to see this ? "
Proof by illegibility :
Proof by logic : " If it is on the problem sheet , it must be true ! "
Proof by majority rule :
Only to be used if general agreement is impossible .
Proof by clever variable choice : " Let A be the number such that this proof works ... "
Proof by tessellation : " This proof is the same as the last . "
Proof by divine word : " ... And the Lord said , ' Let it be true , ' and it was true . "
Proof by stubbornness : " I do n't care what you say - it is true . "
Proof by simplification : " This proof reduced to the statement 1 + 1 = 2 . "
Proof by hasty generalization : " Well , it works for 17 , so it works for all reals . "
Proof by deception : " Now everyone turn their backs ... "
Proof by supplication : " Oh please , let it be true . "
Proof by poor analogy : " Well , it 's just like ... "
Proof by avoidance : Limit of proof by postponement as it approaches infinity
Proof by design :
If it 's not true in today 's math , invent a new system in which it is .
Proof by authority : " Well , Don Knuth says it 's true , so it must be ! "
All Eyes Are on Pfizer as President Trump Pushes for Vaccine by October
Despite slim chances that its vaccine will be ready by October , Pfizer has big incentives to hint that it might be .
Everybody seems to love " Paper Planes " by M.I.A. , with the exception of David Letterman , whose producers apparently censored the song by silencing its gunshot samples .
Last year , I called it " the best use of a Clash sample I 've ever heard . "
In 2008 , Thom Yorke played it on the BBC and many artists have found it necessary to bust out some impressive cover versions and remixes , some of were collected in the remix album pictured to the right .
( I 'm from Barcelona even used the same name for one of their songs , as if some of the song 's powerful mojo might rub off on them as a result . )
Here 's a shortlist of some of the best / most interesting takes on M.I.A.'s iconic " Paper Planes . "
First , Panda Riot 's live cover version shifts the song into indie / shoegaze mode :
Built to Spill takes it in a more wistful direction :
Lil '
Wayne covered the song with new lyrics :
The Beastie Boys ' AdRock remixed it in a reggae style :
Bun B and Rich Boy added beats and rhymes :
Then there 's the obligatory 50 Cent remix :
These dudes do a " college a capella group serenades a campfire " sort of version :
Anagha is destined for stardom :
Censor that !
See Also :
DECEMBER 11--Behold the Holy Grail .
Since we began publishing backstage concert riders about 10 years ago , TSG has been searching for the most famous rider of them all , the one in which Van Halen famously stipulated that brown M&M 's were to be banished from the band 's dressing room .
Well , as seen here , the hunt is over .
TSG has finally obtained the 1982 Van Halen World Tour rider -- typewritten and 53 pages long -- containing the M&M prohibition ( and a few other unique demands ) .
The document , which we 've excerpted here , also stipulated that promoters provide the group with " herring in sour cream , " four cases of " Schlitz Malt Liquor beer ( 16 ounce cans ) , " and a total of eight bottles of wine and liquor .
Oh , and the band also needed " One ( 1 ) large tube KY Jelly . "
The rider 's " Munchies " section was where the group made its candy - with - a - caveat request : " M&M's ( WARNING : ABSOLUTELY NO BROWN ONES ) . "
While the underlined rider entry has often been described as an example of rock excess , the outlandish demand of multimillionaires , the group has said the M&M provision was included to make sure that promoters had actually read its lengthy rider .
If brown M&M 's were in the backstage candy bowl , Van Halen surmised that more important aspects of a performance -- lighting , staging , security , ticketing -- may have been botched by an inattentive promoter .
The Van Halen rider was provided to TSG by relatives of Jack Belle , a late New York businessman who booked concerts in upstate New York .
Belle , who died in 1987 at age 43 , promoted shows featuring acts ranging from Foghat and Golden Earring to The Police and The Who .
The 1982 Van Halen rider was included in dozens of show files that Belle maintained , and which his family is now considering selling ( the files include riders , signed contracts , catering bills , etc. ) .
So drop a line to [ email protected ] for more information about these rock and roll collectibles , which span a 1973 King Crimson show at the New York State Fairgrounds and a 1985 Bruce Springsteen concert at the cavernous Carrier Dome in Syracuse .
( 11 pages )
It may surprise some younger readers to know that there was a time when Apple products were neither everywhere nor cool .
This period , known to some as the " early 1990s " , was a dark time for Apple and its fans .
Its marketshare was dwindling , its domination of the education market waning , and an ill - conceived move allowed other manufacturers to use the Mac Operating System ( OS ) on their machines .
Rabid Apple fans maintained themselves on a more stable OS , rabid - single mindedness and the famous EvangeList , a devoted Mac - mail list run by an ex-Apple executive .
But then Steve Jobs was brought back into the fold and Apple got its cool back .
The multi-hued Apple logo was swapped for a silhouette , and the design department got their a . . . . . into gear .
But the thing that 's got Apple to where it is now is its tenacious design system .
The company finds a market that 's been going for a while , figures out what people hate about it , and then engineers a solution that is beautiful , fixes all the major flaws , and has a far better user interface .
The perfect example of this was the original iPod .
It was n't the first MP3 player , with the likes of the Rio PMP300 and the Personal Jukebox preceding it .
And the iPod had its problems : the first two generations did n't work on PCs , and then only barely .
It forced users to use iTunes software instead of their own applications , and for years required the use of a FireWire port , which many computers did n't have .
Yet , they managed to create a device that was simple for the uninitiated to use , had a straightforward interface compared to the overly complex , button - heavy competition , and more than anything else , it looked absolutely sexy .
And it blew everyone 's mind .
Apple fanboys have always devoted equal parts of their mind to genuine reasons to praise their chosen corporation , and to blindly ignoring its faults .
For years , Mac users touted the superiority of their computer chip ( the PowerPC ) over the Intels found in most PCs , claiming their chip crunched numbers in a much better way then the opposition .
Then , in 2006 , Apple switched to Intel chips , and everyone backpedalled with the agility of an Olympic gymnast , gushing in admiration over the new technology , and showing remarkable cognitive dissonance .
Of course , the rabid supporters have a lot to be proud of .
Lower crash rates , higher quality hardware , few appreciable viruses , easier software uninstalls , feeling generally superior because you own a Mac and such .
Unbelievers are quick to point to the higher cost of buying Apple hardware .
These accusations are quickly retorted with price breakdowns based on body quality , built - in software , the operating system and the moon 's gravitational pull .
For years , the most telling criticisms of Mac were always about software .
Apple controls less than a quarter of the marketplace , and it was less than this for a long time .
Fewer users means fewer new and exciting applications , especially games .
Once Apple switched to Intel processors , there was no hardware reason why you could n't play whatever game you wanted with the right software .
So , now there are a variety of ways that you can get PC applications running on your Mac , including Apple 's own Boot Camp .
It does n't take much to join the legions of devotees .
All you need is a single Apple product and a complete lack of subtlety ( though a propensity for black turtleneck sweaters helps ) .
Take your gadget , and use it with pride !
Pull out your MacBook at Starbucks .
Use your iPhone in front of your friends and scoff at their lack of money to buy one .
But do n't forget to mock at anyone who uses an alternative , regardless of its positive attributes or affordability .
Mocking examples include : " Nokia ?
Let me guess , they paid you to take it ? " or " A Dell laptop ?
Enjoy your exploding batteries and the third - degree burns on your crotch ! "
If you make them feel bad , you can always band together to mock anyone who purchased a Zune .
I mean , c'mon !
A Zune ? ( Microsoft's MP3 player ) .
Apple users have a reputation of having drunk a bit deep of Steve Jobs ' Kool - Aid .
Whenever he gets on stage , the " reality distortion field " kicks in , and everyday features become mind - blowing to the devoted .
That said , their fanaticism occasionally masks a hardware and software set known for amazing design aesthetic , durability and ease of use .
As with any devotee to a single brand ( see Holden v Ford ) , the fanboy arguments are hilariously inane .
Watching Apple fans go at it against Windows users , while the occasional bearded Linuxer sticks in their oar , is a daily occurrence of deliciously sad comedy .
Because , when it boils down to it , Apple products look a little better , are a bit easier to use , and cost a little more .
And that 's it .
If that 's what you want , buy it .
The Press , New Zealand * Tim Barribeau , a University of Otago graduate , writes for the MIT Technology Review in Boston .
HOUSTON  State officials said late Friday that they had begun dismantling one of the largest dogfighting rings in the country that night , arresting eight people and seizing 187 dogs used by a sophisticated network of bettors throughout eastern Texas .
Investigators continued to search for suspects Saturday .
In all , 55 people were indicted after an undercover investigation that lasted 17 months .
Officials said the network ’s matches drew crowds of up to 100 people , who placed tens of thousands of dollars in wagers on a single fight .
“ This was a large - scale , highly organized operation , ” said Lisa Block , a spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Public Safety .
It was not uncommon for a gambler to put $ 500 to $ 1,000 down on the matches , which took place weekly or twice a month at eight sites in secluded parts of Harris County , where Houston is the largest city , law enforcement officials said .
by Miguel de Icaza
This week at the Microsoft PDC we introduced a new feature in the Mono virtual machine that we have been working on quietly and will appear in our upcoming Mono 2.2 release ( due in early December ) .
I believe we are the first VM for managed code that provides an object - oriented API to the underlying CPU SIMD instructions .
In short , this means that developers will be able to use the types in the Mono .
Simd library and have those mapped directly to efficient vector operations on the hardware that supports it .
With Mono .
Simd , the core of a vector operations like updating the coordinates on an existing vector like the following example will go from 40 - 60 CPU instructions into 4 or so SSE instructions .
Vector4f Move ( Vector4f [ ] pos , ref Vector4f delta ) { for ( int i = 0 ; i < pos .
Length ; i++ ) pos [ i ] += delta ; }
Which in C# turns out to be a call into the method Vector4f.operator +
( Vector4f a , Vector4f b ) that is implemented like this :
Vector4f static operator + ( Vector3f a , Vector3f b ) { return new Vector4f ( a.x+b.x , a.y+b.y , a.z+b.z , a.w+b.w ) ; }
The core of the operation is inlined in the ` Move ' method and it looks like this :
movups ( %eax ) , %xmm0 movups ( %edi ) , %xmm1 addps % xmm1 , %xmm0 movups % xmm0 , ( %eax )
You can see the details on the slides that I used at the PDC and look at the changes in the generated assembly , they are very large .
Ideally , once we tune the API based on our user feedback and contributions , it should be brought to ECMA for standardization .
Hopefully we can get Microsoft to implement the SIMD support as well so all .NET developers have access to this .
Making Managed Code Viable for Gaming
Many developers have to resort to C++ or assembly language because managed languages did not provide the performance they needed .
We believe that we can bring the productivity gains of managed languages to developers that seek high performance applications :
But even if you want to keep using your hand - tuned C++ game engine , the SIMD extensions will improve the performance of your scripting code .
You can accelerate your ray casting operations by doing all the work in the managed world instead of paying for a costly managed to unmanaged transition and back .
You can avoid moving plenty of code from C# into C++ with this new functionality .
Some SIMD Background
Most modern CPUs contain special instructions that are able to perform arithmetic operations on multiple values at once .
For example it is possible to add two 4 - float vectors in one pass , or perform these arithmetic operations on 16 - bytes at a time .
These are usually referred to as SIMD instructions and started showing up a few years ago in CPUs .
On x86 - class machines these new instructions were part of MMX , 3DNow or the SSEx extensions , on PowerPC these are called Altivec .
CPU manufacturers have been evolving the extensions , and newer versions always include more functionality and expand on the previous generations .
On x86 processors these instructions use a new register bank ( the XMM registers ) and can be configured to work on 16 bytes at a time using a number of possible combinations :
byte -level operations on 16 elements .
short - level operations on 8 elements .
single precision or integer - level operations on 4 elements .
double precision or long - integer operations on 2 elements .
The byte level operations are useful for example when doing image composition , scaling or format conversions .
The floating point operations are useful for 3D math or physics simulations ( useful for example when building video games ) .
Typically developers write the code in assembly language to take advantage of this feature , or they use compiler - specific intrinsic operations that map to these underlying instructions .
The Idea
Unlike native code generated by a compiler , Common Intermediate Language ( CIL ) or Java class files contain enough semantic information from the original language that it is very easy to build tools to compute code metrics ( with tools like NDepend ) , find bugs in the code ( with tools like Gendarme or FxCop , recreate the original program flow - analysis with libraries like Cecil .
FlowAnalysis or even decompile the code and get back something relatively close to the original source code .
With this rich information , virtual machines can tune code when it is just - in - time compiled on a target system by tuning the code to best run on a particular system or recompiling the code on demand .
We had proposed in the past mechanisms to improve code performance of specific code patterns or languages like Lisp by creating special helper classes that are intimately linked with the runtime .
As Mono continues to be used as a high - performance scripting engine for games we were wondering how we could better serve our gaming users .
During the Game Developer Conference early this year , we had a chance to meet with Realtime Worlds which is using the Mono as their foundation for their new work and we wanted to understand how we could help them be more effective .
One of the issues that came up was the performance of Vector operations and how this could be optimized .
We discussed with them the possibility of providing an object - oriented API that would map directly to the SIMD hardware available on modern computers .
Realtime Worlds shared with us their needs in this space , and we promised that we would look into this .
The Development
Our initial discussion with Realtime Worlds was in May , and at the time we were working both towards Mono 2.0 and also on a new code generation engine that would improve Mono 's performance .
The JIT engine that shipped with Mono 2.0 was not a great place to start adding SIMD support , so we decided to postpone this work until we switched Mono to the Linear IL engine .
Rodrigo started work on a proof - of - concept implementation for SIMD and after a weekend he managed to get the basics in place and got a simple demo working .
Beyond the proof of concept , there was a lingering question : were the benefits of Vector operations going to be noticeably faster than the regular code ?
We were afraid that the register spill / reload would eclipse the benefits of using the SIMD instructions or that our assumptions had been wrong .
Over the next few weeks the rest of the team worked with Rodrigo to turn the prototype into something that could be both integrated into Mono and would execute efficiently ( Zoltan , Paolo and Mark ) .
For example , with Mono 2.2 we will now align the stack conveniently to a 16 - byte boundary to improve performance for stack - allocated Mono .
SIMD structures .
So far the reception from developers building games has been very positive .
Although today we only support x86 up to SSE3 and some SSE4 , we will be expanding both the API and the reach of of our SIMD mapping based on our users feedback .
For example , on other architectures we will map the operations to their own SIMD instructions .
The API
The API lives in the Mono .
Simd assembly and is available today from our SVN Repository ( browse the API or get a tarball ) .
You can also check our Mono .
Simd documentation .
This assembly can be used in Mono or .NET and contains the following hardware accelerated types ( as of today ) :
Mono.Simd.Vector16 b - 16 unsigned bytes Mono.Simd.Vector16sb - 16 signed bytes Mono .
Simd .
Vector2d - 2 doubles Mono .
Simd .
Vector2l - 2 signed 64 - bit longs Mono .
Simd.Vector2ul - 2 unsigned 64 - bit longs Mono .Simd.Vector4f - 4 floats Mono.Simd.Vector4i - 4 signed 32 - bit ints Mono.Simd.Vector4ui - 4 unsigned 32 - bit ints Mono .
Simd .
Vector8s - 8 signed 16 - bit shorts Mono .
Simd .
Vector8us - 8 unsigned 16 - bit shorts
The above are structs that occupy 16 bytes each , very similar to equivalent types found on libraries like OpenTK .
Our library provides C# fallbacks for all of the accelerated instructions .
This means that if your code runs on a machine that does not provide any SIMD support , or one of the operations that you are using is not supported in your machine , the code will continue to work correctly .
This also means that you can use the Mono .
Simd API with Microsoft's .NET on Windows to prototype and develop your code , and then run it at full speed using Mono .
With every new generation of SIMD instructions , new features are supported .
To provide a seamless experience , you can always use the same API and Mono will automatically fallback to software implementations if the target processor does not support the instructions .
For the sake of documentation and to allow developers to detect at runtime if a particular method is hardware accelerated developers can use the Mono .
Simd .
SimdRuntime .IsMethodAccelerated method or look at the [ Acceleration ] atribute on the methods to identify if a specific method is hardware accelerated .
The Speed Tests
When we were measuring the performance improvement of the SIMD extensions we wrote our own home - grown tests and they showed some nice improvements .
But I wanted to implement a real game workload and compare it to the non-accelerated case .
I picked a C++ implementation and did a straight - forward port to Mono .
Simd without optimizing anything to compare Simd vs Simd .
The result was surprising , as it was even faster than the C++ version :
Based on the C++ code from F# for Game Development
The source code for the above tests is available here .
I use the C++ version just because it peeked my curiosity .
If you use compiler - specific features in C++ to use SIMD instructions you will likely improve the C++ performance ( please post the updated version and numbers if you do ) .
I would love to see whether Johann Deneux from the F# for Game Development Blog could evaluate the performance of Mono .
Simd in his scenarios .
If you are curious and want to look at the assembly code generated with or without the SIMD optimizations , you want to call Mono 's runtime with the - v - v flags ( yes , twice ) and use - O=simd and - O= - simd to enable or disable it .
Presentation
You can watch the presentation to get some color into the above discussion or check it in the Silverlight player , Get it as PDF , or PPTX .
Paul Krugman presents a frightening figure .
The figure [ below ] shows the real interest rates on corporate bonds , with
the expected rate of inflation from the spread between 20 - year TIPS and
20 - year Treasury rates .
All data monthly , from St. Louis Fed .
I ’ve been saying for some time that one of the signs of a credit crunch has got to be rapidly rising real rates – in very recent weeks , that appears to be happening .
The timing suggests to me that this is more of a deflation problem than a banking - credit problem per se but at this point who cares – we can probably all agree it ’s more bad news .
Addendum : Greg Mankiw is also troubled by what this figure means .
__1894 : __Norbert Wiener is born in Columbia , Missouri .
A child prodigy , he goes on to become one of the 20th century 's most famous mathematicians and the founder of the discipline of cybernetics , the study of self - regulating systems .
Norbert 's father , Leo Wiener , was a lecturer ( and later professor ) of Slavic languages at Harvard University , where the family moved shortly after Norbert 's birth .
Leo Wiener 's interests , however , were wide - ranging .
Leo educated his son at home according to his own eclectic ( and harsh ) methods , allowing young Norbert full access to his diverse library .
The precocious Norbert showed an early aptitude for languages , mathematics and logic � although he later admitted that basic arithmetic caused him trouble .
Wiener graduated from high school and entered Tufts University at age 11 .
He graduated from Tufts at 14 and then earned a Ph.D. in mathematics from Harvard at age 18 with a dissertation on mathematical logic .
Wiener continued his studies of mathematics and philosophy at England 's Cambridge University , studying with Bertrand Russell , John Dewey , Josiah Royce , George Santayana and G.H. Hardy , and making the acquaintance of the poet ( and fellow Missourian ) T.S. Eliot .
Rebuffed from a teaching appointment at Harvard because he was Jewish ( despite his father 's having been a professor there ) , Wiener joined the mathematics faculty across town at MIT in 1919 .
He remained there for a remarkably productive 41 years .
Within a decade of his MIT appointment , Wiener made several enormous contributions to mathematics , including a mathematical explanation of Brownian motion ( the random movement of particles in a fluid ) , a problem Einstein had first explained in terms of the movements of molecules in 1905 .
Wiener 's discovery led to modern probability theory and has implications in understanding many situations where countless tiny inputs produce a single output , from the movements of the Dow Jones averages to the distortions that a noisy line introduces in an electronic signal .
Unlike some mathematicians , Wiener was sympathetic to the engineering applications of his work and focused much attention on providing mathematical foundations to engineering problems , including wave - form analysis , signal theory and noise filtering .
He worked on ballistics computations during World War I and on techniques for automatically aiming anti-aircraft guns in World War II .
That latter work led Wiener to a theory of cybernetics , also known as systems theory .
Cybernetics is not so much a defined discipline as an interdisciplinary approach to the study of complex systems and how they regulate themselves to remain in equilibrium or on target toward a defined goal .
A key notion of cybernetics is the feedback principle , whereby a system constantly adjusts itself based on feedback from the environment and from its prior adjustments .
Wiener noticed that this principle is active not only in automation , but also in living creatures .
The word cybernetics derives from the Greek work kybernetes , meaning " helmsman . "
The verb kybernan , to steer or govern , also gives us ( through Latin ) words like government , governor and gubernatorial .
Cybernetics itself spawned a series of other neologisms , including cyborg , cyberspace , cyberpunk , cybercash , cyberculture , cybersex , and just plain cyber .
Cybernetic theory has been applied to the understanding of biological systems ( organisms ) , ecological systems , neuroscience , society , economics and more , but has arguably had its greatest impact in computers .
Wiener 's work had a powerful influence on later generations of computer scientists and robotics engineers , including J.C.R.
Licklider , a key figure in the early development of the internet .
Despite his fascination with cybernetics and robotics , Wiener was also a critic of automation , warning that it would lead to widespread unemployment .
In later years , he also feared that the increasing power of computers would some day lead to a devaluing of human intellect .
Wiener achieved so much fame during his lifetime that he was widely recognized beyond academia , and his likeness was even used on billboards .
The quintessential absent - minded professor , he was a cheerful and lively conversationalist but left something to be desired as a lecturer .
His discoveries put MIT on the map as a first - rate mathematics institution , and his personality and interdisciplinary way of working helped establish MIT 's distinctively collaborative culture .
He retired from MIT in 1960 , and President Lyndon B. Johnson awarded him the National Medal of Science in 1964 .
Wiener died just a few weeks later , in Stockholm , on March 18 , 1964 .
An obituary for Wiener in Time attributed the following " gospel " to the pioneering mathematician and humanist :
" Render unto man the things that are man's , and unto the computer only the things that are the computer's . "
Sources : International Society for Systems Sciences biography , the American Mathematical Society biography ( .pdf ) , the MacTutor History of Mathematics archive and Tufts University , others .
Researcher Gerard
Wong led the team of researchers who found a way to fool a bacteria ’s evolutionary machinery into programming its own death .
Photo by L. Brian Stauffer
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Like firemen fighting fire with fire , researchers at the University of Illinois and the University of Massachusetts at Amherst have found a way to fool a bacteria 's evolutionary machinery into programming its own death .
" The basic idea is for an antimicrobial to target something in a bacteria that , in order to gain immunity , would require the bacteria to kill itself through a suicide mutation , " said Gerard Wong , a professor of materials science and engineering , of physics , and of bioengineering at the U. of I .
Wong is corresponding author of a paper accepted for publication in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The paper is to be posted this week on the journal 's Web site .
The researchers show that a synthetic " hole punching " antimicrobial depends on the presence of phosphoethanolamine , a cone - shaped lipid found in high concentrations within Gram - negative bacterial membranes .
Although PE lipids are commandeered to kill the bacteria , without the lipids the bacteria would die , also .
" It 's a Catch - 22 , " Wong said .
" Some mutations bacteria can tolerate , and some mutations they cannot tolerate .
In this case , the bacteria would have to go through a mutation that would kill it , in order to be immune to these antimicrobials . "
In their work , the researchers compared the survival of the bacterium Escherichia coli with that of a mutant strain of E. coli , which lacked PE lipids in its membrane .
The fragile PE - deficient mutant strain out - survived the normal , healthy bacteria , when exposed to a " hole punching " synthetic antibiotic .
However , the opposite was true when both strains were exposed to tobramycin , a conventional metabolic antibiotic that targets the bacterial ribosomal machinery rather than the membrane .
The researchers first reported on compounds that functioned as molecular " hole punchers " last year in the Journal of the American Chemical Society .
Their latest work further elucidates the " hole punching " mechanism .
" The antimicrobial re-organizes PE lipids into holes in the membrane , " said Wong , who also is a researcher at the university 's Beckman Institute .
" The perforated membranes leak , and the bacteria die . "
Finding new ways to treat emerging pathogens that are more and more resistant to the best antibiotics will be increasingly important in the future , Wong said .
" Now that we more fully understand how our molecular ' hole punchers ' work , we can look for similar ways to make antimicrobials that bacteria cannot evolve immunity to . "
Provided by University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign
It is the kind of argument that could probably have been settled by the tools of their trade , but bosses at two of Britain 's major polygraph companies are choosing to deal with their differences in the High Court rather than opting for lie detectors .
On one side is Bruce Burgess , a 64 - year - old polygraph expert whose company is used to identify love rats and maintenance shirkers for ITV's The Jeremy Kyle Show .
On the other side is Don Cargill , who conducts polygraphs for The Trisha Goddard Show , Five 's rival show to Kyle's .
According to a writ filed in the High Court , Mr Burgess is suing his opposite number over a letter Mr Cargill allegedly wrote to the broadcasting watchdog Ofcom in which he reportedly said Mr Burgess had been sacked for incompetence from a government pilot to test sex offenders .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Burgess claims he was never even hired for the government programme and has alleged that Mr Cargill was trying to discredit him because he obtained different results on a lie detector test they both conducted on the same person .
Mr Burgess has now filed a defamation case for £ 50,000 against Mr Cargill in the High Court .
The spat between Mr Burgess 's Distress Services and Mr Cargill 's company , Nadac Group , began last year following an episode of The Trisha Goddard Show in which a woman was accused by her family of stealing a £ 38,000 Rolex watch .
Betty Hipson , a 57 - year - old grandmother from Leatherhead , contacted the producers at Trisha Goddard because her family had accused her of stealing the watch .
She wanted to take a lie detector test to prove her innocence .
The polygraph test was conducted by Mr Cargill 's company and found Mrs Hipson was lying .
Undeterred , Mrs Hipson went to Mr Burgess 's company for a second test , which , unlike the previous polygraph , found her innocent of stealing the watch .
Mrs Hipson then complained to Ofcom about the Trisha show and it was during correspondence between the show 's producers and the Nadac Group that , according to the writ , Mr Cargill accused his rival of being fired from a government - backed programme .
The pilot programme is run by Don Grubin , a professor of forensic psychology at Newcastle University , who is testing sex offenders across the country for the Home Office to see whether polygraphs can be used to determine whether offenders seeking parole still pose a threat to the public .
According to a statement filed with the writ Professor Grubin stated that he has never hired or met Mr Burgess in any professional capacity .
Speaking to The Independent yesterday Mr Burgess said he felt compelled to clear his name in court .
" In the industry I 'm in , the truth is everything , " he said .
" I 've never worked for this government programme and despite asking for an apology I have yet to receive one . "
Mr Cargill , who also runs the British and European Polygraph Association ( Bepa ) , said he had been instructed by his lawyers not to talk to the media .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The High Court has yet to set a date for the hearing but if it comes to court it will shed fascinating light into the polygraph industry within Britain .
Buoyed by the success of chat shows such as those hosted by Jeremy Kyle and Trisha Goddard , both of which routinely ask guests to undergo lie detector tests , the number of companies specialising in polygraph tests is growing year on year .
Before the early 2000s there were barely three polygraph companies operating in Britain .
Bepa currently has 10 UK - based polygraphers on its books and a further 49 listed abroad , although polygraphers are under no obligation to sign up to umbrella or trade bodies .
Jeremy Barrett , the managing director of Polygraph Security Services , one of the oldest companies in Britain to offer lie detector services , said more and more companies are opening up in Britain .
" I qualified in polygraphy in 1982 and for 20 - odd years we were the only people operating a lie detecting company , " he said .
" In recent years the number of companies offering similar services has increased dramatically . "
Polygraph tests cannot be used as evidence in British criminal courts but they can be used in civil or tribunal cases .
They are usually used by defence teams hoping to prove that clients are not lying rather than catching out those who do lie and are usually only taken voluntarily .
In the United States it is not uncommon for prospective employees to be asked to take polygraphs during job interviews .
In recent years the Home Office has increasingly toyed with the idea of rolling out nationwide polygraph tests for sex offenders after studies found up to 85 per cent of them were re-offending or breaching parole .
Critics say the tests are not as accurate or empirical as their supporters suggest and point to numerous scientific studies that have questioned how accurate polygraphs are .
But polygraphers like Mr Barrett defend the use of lie detectors as long as the right questions are asked .
" The thing with lie detector tests is that there has to be an element of gain for them to work , you have to have an important reason to lie , " he said .
" If I asked you whether your father 's name was Henry , for instance , and you said yes , it probably would n't register as a lie .
You would then be able to say you 'd beaten a lie detector test .
But say you needed your father to be called Henry because you wanted to con him out of £ 2.3 m in inheritance , then suddenly there 's something to lose and we can tell if you are lying . "
No sweat :
How to cheat a lie detector test
Modern polygraphers use a variety of analogue and digital machinery to measure several physiological responses that often happen when we lie .
Polygraph machines measure blood pressure increases , pulse , respiration rates , iris contraction and skin conductivity as subjects are asked a series of probing questions .
During a test , polygraphers ask their subjects questions that fit into three categories and then compare the responses .
The first are a set of " control questions " such as " Have you ever stolen anything ? " or " Have you ever lied to your spouse ? "
These are questions which almost everyone should answer yes to but which may be uncomfortable .
Then there are the " irrelevant questions , " such as " Have you had pizza today ? " .
They have no relevance to the interrogation but they can help distract the subject from the " relevant " questions .
These are specific questions such as " Did you leak that memo to the media " that should reveal whether you are telling the truth or not .
The problem is that polygraphs only really work with those who become stressed when they lie – pathological liars can breeze through a test .
Although proponents usually say polygraphs are 90 per cent accurate , a number of scientific studies conducted in the US suggest their accuracy could be as low as 65 per cent .
It is also possible to train people to pass polygraph tests , although this has to be very carefully done as abnormal physiological responses would lead a polygrapher to the conclusion that you were lying anyway .
Some people resort to placing deodorant on their fingertips to stop sweating , others are able to control their heartbeat and blood pressure .
Online advice for American jobseekers who might be polygraphed by prospective employers also recommend pain techniques such as biting one 's tongue during answering in order to fool the machine .
Another technique often used is to contract the sphincter muscle when answering questions in order to briefly raise one 's blood pressure .
Steve Ballmer has publicly belittled Google 's fledgling mobile phone platform , saying the world 's largest search engine ad broker is low on Microsoft 's list of mobile competitors .
At an investor briefing in Sydney today , Microsoft 's chief exec said Google would not have an easy time convincing handset manufacturers to adopt Android , its brand new Linux - based mobile platform .
" They 've got some smart guys and hire a lot of people — blah - di - blah - di - blah , " Ballmer said of his rival .
" They start out way behind in a certain sense , and we 'll see how they do . "
Then he added " I 'm not giving them a hard time " - before continuing to give them a hard time .
Because Google is n't charging for Android , Ballmer said , " they 're not going to put in the same kind of investment to improve the product . "
Google has open sourced Android - perhaps hoping for improvement help from the outside world - but Ballmer would like to know where Google plans on making its money .
" I do n't really understand their strategy ... if I went to my shareholder meetings and my analyst meeting and said , ' Hey , we just launched a new product that has no revenue model — yeah , cheer for me , ' I 'm not sure my investors would take that very well , but that 's what Google 's telling their investors about Android , " Ballmer said .
" If somebody thinks the formula is you give away your operating system to get search ( usage ) , the operators are much too smart ; they 'll know they can still ask to be paid to carry your service . "
He 's much more concerned with competition from the Jesus Phone .
And the CrackBerry .
And Symbian .
And Linux Mobile .
" Google does n't exactly bubble to the top of the list of the toughest competitors we 've got going in mobile , " Ballmer said .
" They might some day but right now I think [ they 're not ] . "
What Ballmer does n't realize is that Android is an effort to fragment the mobile OS market , push Google web services , and ultimately show the world more ads .
But he may be right in thinking the plan wo n't work quite as well as Google expects it to work .
After all , HTC 's inaugural Googlephone is nothing to cheer about .
And with so many platforms already fighting for market share , you have to wonder if Google is much too late to the party . ®
New polymer coatings prevent corrosion , even when scratched
( Nanowerk News ) Imagine tiny cracks in your patio table healing by themselves , or the first small scratch on your new car disappearing by itself .
This and more may be possible with self - healing coatings being developed at the University of Illinois .
The new coatings are designed to better protect materials from the effects of environmental exposure .
Applications range from automotive paints and marine varnishes to the thick , rubbery coatings on patio furniture and park benches .
" Starting from our earlier work on self - healing materials at the U. of I. , we have now created self - healing coatings that automatically repair themselves and prevent corrosion of the underlying substrate , " said Paul Braun , a University Scholar and professor of materials science and engineering .
Braun is corresponding author of a paper accepted for publication in the journal Advanced Materials , and posted on its Web site .
Illinois researchers Paul Braun , right , and Scott White have created self - healing coatings that automatically repair themselves and prevent corrosion of the underlying substrate .
( Image : L. Brian Stauffer )
To make self - repairing coatings , the researchers first encapsulate a catalyst into spheres less than 100 microns in diameter ( a micron is 1 millionth of a meter ) .
They also encapsulate a healing agent into similarly sized microcapsules .
The microcapsules are then dispersed within the desired coating material and applied to the substrate .
" By encapsulating both the catalyst and the healing agent , we have created a dual capsule system that can be added to virtually any liquid coating material , " said Braun , who also is affiliated with the university 's Beckman Institute , Frederick Seitz Materials Research Laboratory , department of chemistry , and Micro and Nanotechnology Laboratory .
When the coating is scratched , some of the capsules break open , spilling their contents into the damaged region .
The catalyst and healing agent react , repairing the damage within minutes or hours , depending upon environmental conditions .
The performance of the self - healing coating system was evaluated through corrosion testing of damaged and healed coated steel samples compared to control samples that contained no healing agents in the coating .
Reproducible damage was induced by scratching through the 100 - micron - thick polymer coating and into the steel substrate using a razor blade .
The samples were then immersed in a salt solution and compared over time .
The control samples corroded within 24 hours and exhibited extensive rust formation , most prevalently within the groove of the scratched regions , but also extending across the substrate surface , the researchers report .
In dramatic contrast , the self - healing samples showed no visual evidence of corrosion even after 120 hours of exposure .
Last Christmas , my wife and I were very poor .
No electricity , no running water , and only a shovel and 50 acres behind the house to use as a bathroom .
We were hard for money , but we were not unhappy .
About a month before Christmas , I was working in the office ; it was late and my boss had already gone home for the evening .
I had just finished up the books and placed them on my bosses table when I noticed that my dropping of the books on his desk had caused his computer screen to power up .
On the screen there , well , it looked like an angel - a Godsend of inspiration as to what I could get my wife for Christmas .
It was this bic pen .
This would be the perfect gift for my wife .
She loves to write down thoughts and occasionally even take notes or make lists .
How would I ever be able to afford such a thing ?
As I was walking home , I took out my tobacco and my rolling papers and twisted myself another fag while I pondered how I could afford this present for my wife .
The answer came to me like a heavenly host of angels singing praise that could shatter all the glass windows on the face of the earth !
I could sell my tobacco in the town square for money for this item !
So , that night , on the walk home ( it was a 50 km walk , mind you ) I found a man interested in buying my tobacco .
He bought it for exactly what I needed to get this pen and have it shipped before Christmas day !
My excitement about this present was just too much to handle .
I remember tossing and turning in bed , having nightmares where the pen did n't get delivered in time , or the pen did n't write properly ; I would wake up in full on night sweats !
However , to my joy , the package was delivered Christmas Eve !
I carefully wrapped the present in the only thing I could wrap it in - a plastic bag I found one day on the way home .
I could not wait to see my wife 's excitement .
That night , after my daily 50 km walk home from work , the excitement came to a head , and I told my wife , Sue , that I had a present for her .
She told me that she had one for me as well , and she went to go get mine .
We sat in front of our fire ( well , it was a lump of coal burning in a tin can ) , and after exchanging our gifts , we both tore into our packages like children on Christmas day !
The whole irony is that I sold my tobacco so that my wife could have this pen to write with , but she had sold her paper in the house to buy me rolling papers for my tobacco .
Neither of us could use our gifts we had gotten the other !!!
We laughed for the next two hours about this and went to sleep that night .
The next morning my wife had died in the night from a vicious badger attack in the middle of the night .
Because of the protective lid on the pen , she was unable to defend herself that night .
I have no idea why they did not attack me .
Light Blurs Brushes and Decoration Pack For Photoshop
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
In this post we release two sets , a Light Blurs Photoshop Brushes , a set of 23 high - quality “ light ” brushes and Vector Photoshop Brushes Decoration Pack , a set of decoration brushes for Photoshop .
Over the last few weeks , our readers have complained that we have been releasing “ way too many freebies ” .
Apparently , we have been posting “ too many filler articles ” containing freebies that can be found elsewhere on the Web .
We would like to make it clear that we do try to release useful things , and we do try to keep the high quality of these freebies and it has never been our intention to fill our publishing schedule with freebie posts .
You might be interested in the following related posts :
We are going to continue to release freebies from time to time ( though not as often as we have over the last months ) , and we ’ll make sure they meet our ( and your ) standards of high quality .
Please let us know your opinion in the comments section below and in the poll below .
Thank you .
In this post we release two sets , a Light Blurs Photoshop Brushes , a set of 23 high - quality “ light ” brushes and Vector Photoshop Brushes Decoration Pack , a set of decoration brushes for Photoshop .
Light Blurs Photoshop Brushes
Light Blurs Photoshop Brushes is a set of 23 high - quality brushes , created for Adobe Photoshop and available for free usage without any restrictions whatsoever .
The set is created by Ben Collier especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
Download the Set ( .zip , 18 Mb ) Preview
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Motivation behind the design
Here are some insights from the designer himself :
“ I recently discovered the fireworks mode on my Sony Cybershot and have since been experimenting with a bunch of different light sources .
The results have been pretty interesting , so I thought I would make some of them into a brush set .
For this set I used candles , a desk lamp , my iPhone , my car radio , my car cigarette lighter , a clock radio , street lights and some sparklers ( the most fun ! ) .
I then took the image , changed it to a grayscale document , inverted the colours , then adjusted the levels until I was happy with the contrast .
They ’re all quite large brushes and could be useful for a lot of different effects so I hope you enjoy !
Feel free to use them for anything you like - both commercial and personal .
Please send me a link if you end up using any of my brushes in your designs – I would love to see them ! ”
Thank you , Ben .
We appreciate your efforts and your intentions .
By the way , together with a couple of professional Photoshop tutorials for glows and light effects you can certainly use this set to add some beautiful lightning effects in your designs .
Vector Photoshop Brushes Decoration Pack
A set of decoration vector brushes compatible with Photoshop version 7 and higher as well as a vector .eps - file compatible with Adobe Illustrator 8 .
Designed by 123 freevectors exclusively for Smashing Magazine and released as a gift to its readers .
Download the Set ( .zip , 1.7 Mb ) Preview
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
We would like to express a sincere gratitude to designers helping us to release professional high - quality freebies .
We appreciate your support and your good intentions .
Would you like to have freebies on SM ?
We would like to know your opinion .
Would you like to have more or less freebies released on Smashing Magazine ?
Or you think that SM ’s freebies are unnecessary and do not fit to our magazine ?
Let us know in the poll and in the comments !
And please also suggest some freebies you would like to have released via SM !
Please notice : multiple choice is possible in the poll and you can also add your own suggestion to the polls .
On March 28 , 2009 , at 8:30 pm , the World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) wants you to turn off your lights for Earth Hour and join a billion other people across the Earth in showing our world leaders that you want decisive action on global warming .[ social_buttons ]
“ When leaders gather in Copenhagen in December 2009 to negotiate a new deal on climate they must feel that the eyes of the world are upon them .
Earth
Hour provides an opportunity for the public to send a powerful signal that they are watching and expect action . ” - Jim Leape , Director General of WWF International
As of today , 74 cities in 62 countries have committed to Earth Hour 2009 .
Individuals , governments , and businesses are invited to take part in this historic climate event , with the goal of one billion people in 1,000 cities across the globe , all turning off their lights and appliances for one hour .
“ 2009 is the year we decide the future of the earth .
It is the year when the world meets to agree on a plan to reduce carbon emissions across the globe .
This is the time to invest in new ways of doing business in a new low carbon economy .
We must all step over the line together if we are to succeed . ”
- Andy Ridley , Executive Director of Earth Hour Global
Why Earth Hour ?
The aim of Earth Hour is to educate the global community about the effects of climate change caused by carbon emissions , which pose a great threat to our life here on Earth .
We can work to help minimize that threat only by changing our attitude about using energy sources with high CO2 emissions .
By participating in Earth Hour , we are contributing our voices to a global message that climate change does affect all of us , and that taking action on global warming is the responsibility of the entire global community .
The first event was held in Sidney , Australia , on March 31st , 2007 .
Over two million people and two thousand businesses turned out their lights at the same time for a public awareness campaign about climate change .
During the 2008 event , 50 million people in 35 countries turned off their lights to support Earth Hour , spreading the message across the world that the actions of individuals working collectively can and will change the world .
Some of the most recognizable man-made landmarks on Earth will also flip the switch this year , including the Sydney Opera House , Burj Dubai ( the world ’s tallest building ) , Moscow ’s Federation Tower , and the CN Tower in Toronto .
Major cities that have committed already include Los Angeles , Las Vegas , Mexico City , London , Hong Kong , Moscow , Sydney , Rome , Manila , Copenhagen , Oslo , Cape Town , Warsaw , Lisbon , Singapore , Istanbul , Toronto , and Dubai .
Sign up for Earth Hour 2009 and find out how to run your own Earth Hour event in your city !
Image : tammyjq41 at Flickr under Creative Commons License
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- President - elect Barack Obama is expected to nominate New York Federal Reserve President Timothy Geithner for Treasury Secretary .
Two sources close to the transition told CNN on Friday that Geithner is " on track " to be offered the post .
An announcement is expected within days .
Geithner has played a central role in the government 's efforts to wrangle the credit crisis , which has damaged markets and economies worldwide .
While a number of those efforts have been controversial , Geithner remains a well - regarded figure from Wall Street to Washington .
In the wake of the Geithner news , stocks soared in late - day trade on Friday .
The Dow closed nearly 500 points higher , pushing back above 8,000 , after a dismal week .
Many believe the post of Treasury Secretary will be the most important in the next administration 's cabinet .
And indeed , Geithner would inherit one of the toughest jobs in Washington .
Geithner would be charged with restoring stability to the financial markets , the banking system and the housing sector through oversight of the controversial $ 700 billion financial rescue package , of which about half is still available for use at the discretion of the Treasury Secretary .
He would also be chief overseer of the international push to reform the regulatory regime for the financial system , which , like a sputtering lemon on the autobahn , has been severely outrun by 21st century developments in financial practices and products .
His overarching task : Ensure that what happened to world markets and economies in the fall of 2008 never happens again .
In the span of just two months , Americans and investors around the world have lost trillions in wealth , economies have fallen into recession like dominoes and the current prospects for recovery are insufficient to offer comfort .
All the while , the foreclosure beat goes on , with roughly 165,000 more Americans losing their homes in September and October , bringing the total to 936,000 since August 2007 .
Expect Geithner , if nominated , to roll up his sleeves and get busy even before his confirmation hearings with Congress , which could come before Inauguration Day .
Henry Paulson , the current Treasury Secretary , has indicated that he 's reserved office space for his successor so that the Bush and Obama Treasury teams can work closely to insure a smooth transition during what has become the most tumultuous period for the U.S. financial system and economy in recent history .
What Geithner brings to the job
Often described as brilliant but modest , Geithner , 47 , has held for the past five years one of the most powerful , if little known , jobs in the country as president of the New York Federal Reserve .
His post at the New York Fed is essentially one of Wall Street watchdog .
He also sits on the Federal Open Market Committee , which sets the country 's monetary policy .
" His reputation is excellent , " said former Federal Reserve Governor Lyle Gramley , who adds he does n't know Geithner personally .
Geithner was the U.S. Federal Reserve 's point person on the rescue of Bear Stearns and American International Group ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) as well as in the failed talks to keep Lehman Brothers out of bankruptcy .
Lehman 's demise is blamed by many for the freeze up in global credit markets that followed immediately afterwards .
He is typically cited as one of the few people on or off Wall Street who can begin to untangle the murky and unregulated market of credit default swaps , the so - called " side bets " that felled AIG .
He has pushed for greater transparency and the creation of a central clearinghouse where credit default swaps could be recorded and secured .
And , according to Fortune , he has gotten informal promises from banks that they would participate .
Prior to joining the Fed , he served as director of policy development and review at the International Monetary Fund .
Before that , he was the under secretary of the Treasury for international affairs under Treasury Secretaries Robert Rubin and Lawrence Summers .
His is an international background , which would come in handy at a time when G - 20 governments have pledged to coordinate efforts to dig out their economies and markets .
Geithner has lived in China , Japan , Thailand , India and East Africa .
He got his bachelor 's from Dartmouth in government and Asian studies and his master 's in international economics and East Asian studies from Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies .
Indeed , during his years at the Treasury , he played a central role in the agency 's handling of international crises .
A profile of him in The New Republic asserted that without his influence " the '90s might have looked very different ... [ His role made him ]
Treasury 's first - responder to foreign - currency emergencies , like the kind that plagued East Asia throughout the decade . "
CNN 's Gloria Borger contributed to this report .
Editor ’s Note -
In this article Olivier Garret , CEO of The Casey Report shows us the massive extent of the bailout compared to every major Government expenditure from the Revolutionary War and the Louisiana Purchase to the Iraq War in inflation adjusted terms and the results are pretty scary .
Based on the magnitude of the bailout expenditures it appears Hyperinflation is already baked into the cake .
You thought WWII and Iraq were expensive ?
You “ ai n’t seen nothin ’ yet .
The current bailout is larger than all the major government expenditures since the revolutionary war combined .
And lest you think that is because the bailout is comparing inflated dollars against more valuable ( and thus smaller numbers ) it is n’t .
This article uses all inflation adjusted numbers !
In three months , Paulson and Bernanke spent more than twice the cost of all of WWII .
Iraq ?
Vietnam ?
A drop in the bucket .
The Real Cost of the 2008 Bailout - Hyperinflation
By Olivier Garret , CEO ,
The Casey Report
www.caseyresearch.com
It took the statisticians of the National Bureau of Economic Research almost a year to confirm what the rest of us already knew , that the US registered a significant decline in economic activity , thus officially entering a period of recession .
While I am pleased that the members of NBER take their duties seriously , thereby ensuring that they do n’t leap to any hasty conclusions , I only wish that similar moderation could be displayed by their colleagues at the Fed and the Treasury .
Unfortunately , the facts prove otherwise .
Three months before the recession was officially declared , Paulson and Bernanke have embarked on the largest bailout program ever conceived with the blessing of a lame - duck president and a complicit Congress – a program which so far will cost taxpayers $ 8.5 trillion .
This staggering sum encompasses : loans backed by worthless assets ( $ 2.3T ) , equity investments in bankrupt companies with negative net worth ( $ 3.0T ) , and guarantees on crumbling derivatives and other hollow collateral ( $ 3.2T ) .
Back in September I was stunned that Paulson was able to make his case and win the support of Congress for a $ 700 billion bailout package ( more than the total war spending in Iraq to date ) .
How could Americans ( or more accurately , their representatives ) agree to give such a broad mandate with so few checks and balances ?
Have we become completely numb ?
While I realize that many of our compatriots have been running large credit card balances and interest - only mortgages with little thought as to how they would repay their debt , one would expect a little more restraint when dealing with the financial future of the largest economy in the world .
Operating under the assumption that our largest financial institutions are “ too big to fail ” , in the span of a few weeks we went from pledging to spend $ 1 trillion to $ 3 trillion – a commitment which then grew to $ 5 trillion before ballooning to a staggering $ 8.5 trillion .
At the rate we are going , we will be dealing with double digits – in trillions - before the end of the year .
And while all off that money is not yet spent , make no mistake – these are real commitments with serious liabilities attached to them .
I have heard the argument that an equity infusion is not the same as spending money .
While I would agree that in an arms - length transaction this might actually be the case , our government is definitely paying a large premium .
What is the real value of Citicorp or AIG ?
Since they are quasi - bankrupt ( and would be totally bankrupt without massive injections from the Fed ) , a reasonable businessperson might pay a token price for their equity and the assumption of their enormous liabilities .
Before doing so however , a buyer would have to see some significant value in buying these entities as a continuing business .
In most cases , a buyer would not want to assume the company ’s liabilities but would prefer to buy selective unencumbered assets in a bankruptcy proceeding .
Any money our government pays above what a reasonable person would pay in an arms - length transaction is real spending and should more accurately be called a grant .
While defenders of the too - big - to - fail policies argue that providing guarantees is not the same as granting money , the reality is that these guarantees are necessary to prevent the collapse of financial institutions currently lacking the necessary collateral to meet their loan covenants .
Should their loans be called , we could actually find out the real value of their assets .
The fact is that in - spite of Paulson ’s and Bernanke ’s efforts , deleveraging is already happening .
Although at a slower pace , one asset class after another is being adjusted down towards its intrinsic value , which is usually not much .
Make no mistake ; many of these guarantees will eventually be called in by lenders .
In due time , unless our government is able to inflates its way out of this bottomless pit , it will have to honor most of these guarantees .
So how does $ 8.5 trillion dollars compare with the cost of some of the major conflicts and programs initiated by the US government since its inception ?
To try and grasp the enormity of this figure , let ’s look at some other financial commitments undertaken by our government in the past :
As illustrated above , you can see that in today ’s dollars , we have already committed to spending levels that surpass the cumulative cost of all of the major wars and government initiatives since the American Revolution .
Recently , the Congressional Research Service estimated the cost of all of the major wars our country has fought in 2008 dollars .
The chart above shows that the entire cost of WWII over four to five years was less than half the current pledges made by Paulson and Bernanke in the last three months !
In spite of years of conflict , the Vietnam and the Iraq wars have each cost less than the bailout package that was approved by Congress in two weeks .
The Civil War that devastated our country had a total price tag ( for both the Union and Confederacy ) of $ 60.4 billion , while the Revolutionary War was fought for a mere $ 1.8 billion .
In its fifty or so years of existence , NASA has only managed to spend $ 885 billion – a figure which got us to the moon and beyond .
The New Deal had a price tag of only $ 500 billion .
The Marshall Plan that enabled the reconstruction of Europe following WWII for $ 13 billion , comes out to approximately $ 125 billion in 2008 dollars .
The cost of fixing the S&L crisis was $ 235 billion .
The best deal ever for a government program was the Louisiana Purchase , a deal with the French that gave us 23 % of the surface of today ’s US for only $ 15 million ( $ 284 million in today ’s dollars ) .
Why could n’t Paulson and Bernanke display the financial acumen of a Thomas Jefferson ?
How will our country repay its debts ?
The current bailout represents 62 % of our GDP .
Our current deficit of almost $ 11 trillion may exceed our GDP next year .
Recently the Treasury has been able to place new debt ; investors have liquidated equities and bonds and sought refuge in the relative safety of the dollar and government bonds .
As we move forward however , our government will need to attract trillions of dollars annually to fund its programs and commitments .
The foreigners who have financed our irresponsible spending for many years will no longer be able to afford it , let alone finance more of our reckless behavior .
As a matter of fact , several countries have already announced their own bailout packages to prop up their domestic economy .
And , unlike during WWII , when Americans invested their savings to support the war effort and fund our government ’s deficit , our citizens are in debt themselves with no savings left to invest .
In the near future , the Fed will have no choice but to turn on the printing presses and start operating them around the clock to create the money that ca n’t be raised in the capital market .
These actions will lead to a significant debasement of the dollar and a major appreciation of gold and all commodities ( real assets ) .
Once this inflationary cycle starts , foreigners will realize that their investments in T - bills are depreciating rapidly .
There will be a massive exodus that will put more pressure on the dollar and on interest rates .
Our weakened US economy will be faced with the rising cost of capital and a painful period of stagflation .
Trillions of dollars will have been wasted .
Our government will have mortgaged America and the ensuing debt will have to be paid by future generations .
Hyperinflation is not a very bright picture , to be sure , but the Casey Research team strongly believes that there are opportunities in every crisis .
Preserve your assets and even profit in times of crisis by making the trend your friend .
This is the focus of The Casey Report .
Our subscribers were in commodities in the late ‘ 90s , bought grains in 2006 , and shorted financial stocks 18 months ago … resulting in double - and often triple - digit returns .
Protect yourself from these emerging trends … click here now .
Daily Inquisition : Transvestite Porn
Statement of the Grand Inquisitor : Having made a study of popular porn sharing sites like tube8.com , redtube.com and youporn.com , we have noted a disturbing trend .
Gaping holes , ass - to - mouth , and extreme gagging are being eclipsed by a new sexual perversion of ambiguous sexuality .
With each passing day , we see more and more shemale porn being uploaded and feverishly watched !
In the days of old , tranny porn occupied a tiny niche and was mainly restricted to Thai sheboys getting rammed .
Not anymore .
These days , shemales are literally waterskiing all over the online porn world like they own the place .
But apparently the masturbating masses love it !
Just in one day , a video clip of a threesome in which a man is rammed by a Latina shemale with a massive shlong and a pair of balloon - sized funbags got 250,000 views .
A quarter of a million people !
On a site that most of you have n’t even heard about .
In the land of YouTube , these kinds of numbers start getting into viral territory .
But not on tube8.com .
Here , on the best free porn site on the net , it ’s just part of a normal day ’s worth of gizz volume .
Defense :
You raise an interesting point .
With Proposition 8 having passed in California , it makes you wonder .
Are the same people that hate gays the same ones that jerk off to dudes getting rammed by chicks with dicks as soon as their wife goes out to do the shopping ?
Inquisitor : Precisely .
Defense :
But could this not just signal the ever - spiraling Internet porn perversion ?
People need more and more shock value to get off .
You surely remember that “ Two Chicks One Cup ” scat - sex porn site that caused such a splash a year back ?
Inquisitor : Yes , but you are confusing a one - off viral vid with a much larger trend .
No one was jerking off to that shit - eating business , and no one was coming back for more .
The video was a digital version of the plastic poop practical joke , passed around for shits and giggles .
Transvestite porn is more than that , and it is more than just perversion .
It reveals that there are a lot more closet cases out there , more than anyone ever imagined .
The Larry Craigs of this world go out cruising for sex .
They take risks .
They get caught .
They deny it .
But proof of a mass closet population could never be obtained , at least until now .
The numbers speak for themselves .
Defense :
But why tranny porn ?
Why not just go with gay ?
Inquisitor :
The gay sleeper population is n’t just hiding from other people , it is hiding from itself .
In shemale - on - male porn , the tranny tits are used as physiological cover for the penetrating tranny penis .
It is a type of cognitive dissonance that allows men to enjoy pure gay pleasure without admitting their gayness .
But gay is gay , m’kay .
Defense : I see the truth in that .
What sort of punishment do you propose ?
Inquisitor : We are not proposing any punishment .
We are merely calling attention to a worrying trend .
After all , we must not forget about the forsaken heterosexual porn masturbaters , few though their numbers may be .
Amen .
*******
Daily Inquisition Snitches Wanted !
Want somebody subjected to the Inquisition ?
Send us an anonymous denunciation and your neighbor ’s misery will begin ! tips@exiledonline.com .
*******
The Nippy Dipper event at Aberdeen Beach happens annually
An appeal has been made for people to take part in Aberdeen 's annual Boxing Day charity sea plunge .
Thousands of pounds is raised each year at the Aberdeen Lions Club Nippy Dipper event .
Dozens of people ran into the cold water in fancy dress - such as sharks and bikes - last year .
Anyone who would like to take part can contact Ewan McDonald on 01224 867184 or email nippydipper@hotmail.com for information .
' Fantastic event '
Participants can use the event to raise funds for their own charity or non-profit group , or they can support the Lions Club 's designated charity , the Lord Provost 's Charitable Trust .
Lions Club organiser Marit Ellefsen said : " The Nippy Dipper is a fantastic event to blow away the Christmas cobwebs , have some fun and raise money for local good causes .
" Last year over 70 Dippers raised around £ 5,000 for charity .
" It 's a dip , not a swim , and participants - who must be aged 16 or over - stay within their depth and are in the water for no more than two minutes . "
The dip takes place opposite the Beach Leisure Centre , where the facilities can be used by those taking part .
Autocar reports the TTAC - predicted cratering of new Ferrari sales .
“ Global sales at the Italian supercar maker have dived from almost 600 a month to just 92 cars in November and Ferrari is now negotiating with Italy ’s trade unions to trim unwanted road - car production staff . ”
And it appears ( ya think ? ) inventories are building - up .
“ Ferrari will also shut its Maranello production plant for an unprecedented 20 days over Christmas , which sources insist will be to prevent vehicle stockpiles reaching unmanageable levels . ”
Uh-oh ?
No !
“ Ferrari has denied that the company has been adversely affected by the credit crunch .
The company said that the extended break was merely Ferrari being generous to its employees . ”
It gets worse …
“ Insiders have confirmed that sales of the V12 - powered Ferrari 612 Scaglietti and Ferrari 599 Fiorano have effectively stalled and Ferrari has moved both models into a special customisation program to mask the seriousness of the problem . ”
That ’s a scodella di non buono .
It gets worserer .
“ Sales of its smaller , V8 - powered Ferrari F430 – the core of the company ’s volume and profit , and due to be replaced late in 2009 – plummeted after the official unveiling of Ferrari ’s new California in October . ”
What a difference 15 months makes …
“ As recently as the Paris motor show last October , Ferrari chairman Luca di Montezemolo had been speaking of a sales target of 10,000 cars for 2010 which , even with the new Ferrari California on stream early next year , now seems wildly optimistic . ”
After the jump is what seems to be some kind of French - language Sims 3 advert : I ’m assuming this is some kind of life - lesson trailer , because , er …
In the genome of the endangered gray mouse lemur , scientists have found DNA fossils of an ancient version of HIV .
Its exact origins are a mystery , but the clues could help solve a more modern and pressing unknown : how humans can beat AIDS .
Remnants of the ancient retrovirus were found by virologists studying the squirrel - sized primate on its island home of Madagascar .
The DNA was deposited when viruses managed to infect sperm or egg cells , writing permanent and heritable copies of themselves into the genetic code .
Virtually every animal 's genome contains fragments left by retroviruses over millions of years .
( Incredibly , retrovirus genes may outnumber human genes in our own genome . )
To a virologist , every genome is like a Grand Canyon cross-section or piece of Burgess shale .
But deciphering genetic strata is more difficult than dating sedimentary deposits :
It 's hard to tell exactly when a virus showed up .
It 's possible that this particular virus — technically known as pSIVgml , or prosimian immunodeficiency virus of the gray mouse lemur — was present when Madagascar split from Africa .
That would make pSIVgml at least 65 million years old — the oldest ancestor of modern HIV yet found .
But it 's also possible , write Stanford University virologists Robert Gifford and Robert Shafer in the latest Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , that pSIVgml arrived on the island at some later date , jumping from another species just as HIV jumped from primates to people .
But while HIV destroys human immune systems , leaving bodies vulnerable to ultimately lethal diseases , pSIVgml does n't affect the lemurs .
They may have evolved an immunity to it .
In an accompanying commentary , Harvard Medical School microbiologist
Welkin Johnson suggests that scientists compare the ancient virus with its descendant , resurrecting ancient genes and comparing them to modern counterparts .
Perhaps we can discover the lemurs ' secret .
" The lemurs may present a novel opportunity to glimpse ... a distant mirror of the AIDS epidemic , " wrote Johnson .
Unfortunately , there 's a catch : Like so many other animals on Madagascar , the gray mouse lemur is in grave danger of going extinct .
The few specimens gathered wo n't be enough .
" One or a few DNA sequences does nothing to capture the diversity represented by an entire species or population , " he said in an interview .
" It would be virtually impossible to deduce social or behavioral characteristics , or even complex physical characteristics , by glancing at a single DNA sequence or by testing a biological sample . "
In the case of some endangered species , conservationists must appeal to basic sympathies for other living species .
Such arguments do n't always work : Snail darters and spotted owls are wonderful creatures , but wo n't be universally missed .
Helping the gray mouse lemur , however , means helping ourselves .
They 're a great opportunity : " Hopefully , " writes Johnson , " an opportunity gained , not lost . "
A proviral puzzle with a prosimian twist [ PNAS ] ( not yet online ) *
A transitional endogeneous lentivirus from a basal primate and implications for lentivirus evolution [ PNAS ]
Image : flickr / Arthur Chapman
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Just days after a 22 year - old Syracuse woman was murdered because she was gay , former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee asserted on The View today that gay civil rights should not be taken seriously because “ [ b ] lacks were stoned , hung , and dragged for their constitutional right to ’ sit at the table . ’
Whites – gay or not – already had a seat at that table . ”
Where to begin ?
A police report out today says 22 year - old Moses “ Teish ” Cannon was shot outside a party in Syracuse , NY last Friday because she was a lesbian .
Last week in Memphis , Duanna Johnson , a transexual was murdered execution - style .
15 year - old Lawrence King was murdered earlier this year for being gay .
16.6 % of all hate crimes are directed at LGBT Americans .
4 out of 10 gay men are the victims of homophobia - related violence , as is 1 in 8 lesbians and bisexuals .
If Huckabee thinks it ’s not a civil rights movement until somebody ’s “ skull ’s cracked ” , if violence directed on a people is the most important metric to him , then he owed the gay community an immediate apology – not just for being willfully ignorant of the ongoing violence against LGBT Americans , but inviting further violence by recklessly implying that it ’s only when people get physically attacked that their views should be taken seriously .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
A " draw " is many things , but it is not a " drawer .
" Are there really so many people who are confused about this ?
People in the Marina and SOMA ?
You do n't know what a drawer is ?
I mean , I hate to be a stickler , but come ON .
Not knowing how to spell drawer means you 've never read * anything . *
Not a work of classic literature , not a pulp novel , not a comic book , not a catalogue , not a magazine , not a newspaper .
The word drawer is everywhere .
Literature : Madame Bovary kept things in drawers .
Jo March used drawers .
Franny and Zooey used drawers .
Portnoy used drawers .
Nancy Drew , the Hardy Boys , and the Three Investigators all solved mysteries by striking an old desk , thereby unlatching a " secret drawer .
" Drawers are n't only in old literature ; they are in recent , highly regarded and prize winning literature : staggering geniuses use drawers .
People for whom things are illuminated use drawers .
Even in current best - sellers there are drawers .
According to a millisecond - long A9.com search , on page 31 of The Story of Edgar Sawtelle ( # 62 in Oprah 's Bookclub ) , " ...[ at ] odd moments she might discover Trudy rearranging the chest of drawers ... "
And in Extreme Measures - a Thriller ( 2008 ) , on page 271 , someone opens a drawer to take out a pack of Marlboros .
There are many , many , maaaaany others .
It 's more likely than not that any work of fiction will refer to a drawer at some point within it 's pages .
In advertising : have you never heard of " top drawer service ? "
Even the newspaper is full of advertising references to Cost Plus World Market weekend deals on rattan wine bars with iron bottle - racks and MDP " utility drawers . "
Or Macy 's blowout furniture " events " where bedroom sets include several items with drawers .
Bed , Bath and Beyond sells things with drawers .
Instructions for putting together IKEA furniture make references to these things called " drawers .
" While it 's possible you are confusing drawers with " draws , " those flat , pull - out trays that might be on a taboret or tool chest , that 's still does n't contradict the fact that you do n't read enough to know how to accurately represent that storage - box part of the furniture you are selling .
You do n't recognize or spell correctly the word " drawer .
"
Is this such a big deal ?
Not knowing how to spell a word ?
Maybe , maybe not .
Though I 'd perhaps be less concerned if you were having trouble spelling , say , " Czechoslovakia , " or " appliqué , " or even , " biscuit . "
Those words are n't as ubiquitous in our lives as the word " drawer .
" But not knowing " drawer . "
It says something larger .
Something not good .
I 'm not trying to pick on anyone here .
Just to say , this seems to be a disturbing trend and I hope it does n't mean what I think it means .
Police dash cam : July 23/08 .
Sandpoint , Idaho .
I just found this amusing video of a cop giving some kid the option of a ticket or 30 push ups ...
Near Accident
I was very close to being in a bad car accident last night , but fortunately was paying enough attention to be able to stop when two other cars got into a big accident in front of me .
Anyway , it threw off my schedule a bit and I almost did n't run a comic for today but I found this one which I had written a little while ago but not posted for whatever reason .
So yeah drive safe everyone !
The Tanakh teaches us that after surviving the torrential cataclysm set loose upon mankind , Noah got blind drunk and passed out , unclothed and inebriated , in a ditch .
His loyal and loving children , ashamed of their father ’s nakedness , throw a blanket over him and leave him to sleep it off — save for his wicked son Ham , who first takes occasion to mock his sire ’s lack of modesty .
Awakening and realizing what Ham had done , Noah damns the descendants of his profligate child to basest servitude till the end of days .
Noah is a great man , beloved of the All Mighty , savior not simply of mankind but of the entire ecosphere .
To deride him for his moment of weakness is a lowly act , and one which Ham is justly condemned for .
I recommend keeping this lesson in mind when considering the recent career of once - legendary MC Common .
During the 1990s and into the early years of the new millennium Lonnie Rashid Lynn , Jr , aka Common , formerly Common Sense , definitively established himself as one of the leading lights of the underground hip hop movement .
Working with a long list of luminaries Common earned a reputation for rhymes that were complex and personal , a far cry from the gangsta rap which was dominating radio and the media ’s attention .
His classic 2000 release Like Water For Chocolate , produced by frequent collaborator J Dilla , stands out as a masterpiece of the genre and marked the beginning of Common ’s rise to marketable star .
He is widely considered , by fans , critics and within the industry as among the better MCs to ever grasp a mic .
So in memory of his greatness I held my tongue when Common spent the latter half of the aughts laboring under the bizarre misconception that John Mayer was anything but a festering pile of adult - pop garbage .
I kept silent when his last album cover looked like he was auditioning for a spot in Jem and the Holograms .
I even turned away while he prostituted his innate charisma for the greater glory of The Gap , the retail equivalent of the Council of Conservative Citizens .
But there ’s a difference between a moment of weakness and a sustained slide into mediocrity ; between shedding your clothing in a drunken fit and joining a nudist colony .
At a certain point , one has to look in the mirror and realize , Tina Turner - style , that those bruises did n’t come from falling down the stairs .
So for me , and for all of the many hip - hop fans who have had to suffer through the last half - decade of abuse , I can only ask …
Common :
What the fuck ?
My “ What ’s Love Got to Do With It ? ” moment came the other day when Gmail , fulfilling its corporate big brother function of reading my email and trying to sell me things , linked to an interview with Common in — I shit you not — Advertising Age magazine .
In it , Common discusses partnering with Microsoft and The Zune ( they still make them , yes ) for his upcoming tour .
Those with weak stomachs might want to skip the following block quote :
Microsoft is classy , it 's a timeless brand , and it means something to the world , internationally , and I felt like that 's the direction of what I want Common to be , to be honest .
I want to be timeless , I want to be international , and those are the things I feel like I 'm working toward now .
Later on , in response to the interviewers asking whether he and Microsoft ’s goals coincide , Common answers
Yeah , definitely .
Because I listen to what they want , and they want to touch down with the community and they want to touch the world .
You can take a minute if you need to .
It is n’t just the desperate over - commercialization , although you do n’t exactly have to be Joey Ramone to feel uncomfortable being exposed to such an excessive display of corporate ball - tonguing ; it ’s the bizarre distortion of speech , the disjointed aping of honest methods of communication .
Common : this habit of making vaguely spiritual pronouncements while obsessively marketing every aspect of your image is unattractive when Sting does it , and the world does n’t need another Sting .
I can appreciate how spending the formative years of your career watching less talented artists get rich must have rankled you , but Microsoft ?
Really ?
There was n’t , say , a heavy arms manufacturer you could pair up with ?
The RNC was n’t interested in paying a brother to spit a hot 16 about the evils of wealth redistribution ?
With the possible exception of singer / songwriter , no musician ’s role relies so heavily on credibility than an MC .
The listener is essentially receiving the distillations of your running inner monologue , and if that narrative is false your audience will surely know — maybe not over the course of a verse or track , but certainly over an album .
Common was never the most talented lyricist , and there are MCs possessing a more dominant flow , but he always seemed ingenuous and authentic , his music an outgrowth of honest struggle .
The pop-star persona Common has adopted in past years is so comprehensively inhuman that it would be impossible to generate any wisdom or insight from within it .
Perhaps this is why his most recent work has been so disappointing .
Come back to us , Common Sense .
Come back .
Yahoo Buzz has just added a bunch of new features that make the site more social and more connected with the new Yahoo universal profiles .
It also makes it look even more like Digg , but with Yahoo ’s mainstream user base .
If you ’ve established a contact list on Yahoo , you ’ll now see the stories that those people are buzzing up in a new “ Y! Updates ” section on the Buzz homepage .
Additionally , Buzz votes are now a part of user profiles , allowing you to see what stories a user has Buzzed up or down , and also see cumulative stats like how many times someone has been the “ first Buzzer ” ( the original person to submit the article ) and the total number of comments they ’ve left on the site .
Yahoo has also added a commenting system very similar to that of Digg , allowing you give thumbs up or down to individual comments , along with threaded replies .
Clicking on user ’s avatar or name lets you click through to their profiles , where you can then advance to see their full Yahoo profile .
These new features are interesting for a couple reasons .
First , they show the potential of the Yahoo Open Strategy – users of Buzz essentially become users of Yahoo ’s new universal profile , helping create a huge social network behind the scenes .
Additionally , it is starting to become increasingly obvious that Yahoo Buzz is going to keep adding the same features as Digg , as it did when it launched its “ Up & Coming ” section a couple months back .
Yahoo Buzz looks like it might be a bright spot within the flailing Internet company , that just shut down its Yahoo Live experiment earlier this week .
Smart Kitchen at Amazon
Sometimes it is simpler to think small .
The size of my kitchen necessitates a certain amount of nimbleness to achieve delicious results when cooking .
Everything must be laid out and a plan of attack formulated .
Not thinking ahead sets up a potential domino disaster if I forget to check something off the list .
For example , if I forget to chop the celery , plates and knives will have to be scattered and cleared to backtrack a few steps .
The potential for burning whatever is on the stove at the time is too great .
It is better to embrace the quirkiness of small kitchen cooking and just plan ahead .
One of the problems with not having a large expanse of counters to work with is that things have to be put away .
All of the time .
This includes my food processor .
As much as I would love to leave it out on the counter , there simply is n't enough room .
It lives on top of the refrigerator , and often , I avoid making something that would be best suited by a quick spin in the food processor .
This Tupperware Quick Chef Food Processor could change all that .
For times when I do n't need the muscle of the Cuisinart , this little hand crank version could substitute nicely .
It comes with a chopping blade and paddle whisk , while at 5.5 inches by 6.5 inches , the little contraption could easily store away in the cupboard .
At such a small and convenient size , one might even be able to find some space on the counter .
Advertisements
After Sen .
Ted Stevens of Alaska was found guilty on seven counts of corruption charges today , Alaska governor , and McCain running mate , Sarah Palin put out a statement distancing her from Stevens .
The problem is that Palin headed up an organization dedicated to raising corporate money for Ted Stevens .
According to a September 1 Washington
Post story in The Trail , the 2003 incorporation papers for the group “ Ted Stevens Excellence in Public Service , Inc. , ” Palin is listed as one of three directors .
As one of the directors , she was able to raise money without limits for Stevens .
She served in this capacity until June 2005 .
She built her political reputation as a reformer , but she probably would not have been elected governor of Alaska without Stevens ’s help .
Late in the campaign , Stevens was very active with endorsements for Palin .
Then there is this campaign commercial :
Advertisements
In her statement today , Palin stayed in her character as a faux reformer , “ This is a sad day for Alaska and for Senator Stevens and his family .
The verdict shines a light on the corrupting influence of the big oil service company that was allowed to control too much of our state .
That control was part of the culture of corruption I was elected to fight .
And that fight must always move forward regardless of party or seniority or even past service . ”
This is just about the very last thing that the McCain campaign , Sarah Palin , and the Republican Party needed right now .
I would not be surprised if Stevens has his conviction overturned on appeal if some of the stories about the prosecution ’s conduct in the trial are true , but this does n’t do a whole lot for their prospects in this election , or Palin ’s reputation .
It seems that Sarah is n’t quite the pure as snow reformer that the campaign has been selling her as .
I would say that this could damage Palin ’s reputation , but things could n’t get much worse from where they already are .
2009 , breaking up , coldplay
Coldplay Breaking Up in 2009
Chris Martin quotes can be found here at NME .
Rob , Joe and I agree , there is no question that Obama won tonight .
He was smart , measured , and presidential .
He presented details when details were called for , and cut down McCain politely and devastatingly when the situation demanded ( I ’m beyond impressed with Obama ’s ability to criticize McCain in a manner that does n’t come across as negative ) .
McCain was cranky and bitchy .
He was wooden and uncomfortable .
McCain was his vintage self – nasty , nasty , nasty .
Calling Obama “ that one ” ?
That ’s the most memorable line of the evening , and it was condescending , and I suspect some may find it racially tinged as well .
The second most memorable was McCain mocking Joe Biden ’s hair plugs .
What ?
That ’s just deranged , and it shows the depth of McCain ’s inner anger .
McCain is simply not a stable individual .
He ’s a very angry man , and he showed that tonight .
Every time he tried going negative on Obama he did it in such a heavy handed way that it blew up on him .
I was one who thought the first debate was a tie .
This one Obama won , hands down .
McCain needed to shake things up .
He not only did NOT shake things up , he came off across as a nasty nasty man .
Obama came across as our next president .
McCain is 1998 , Obama is 2008 .
UPDATE from Joe :
Well , my mother called .
She said Obama won…and she was watching the post - debate chatter on CNN where even the Republican analysts think Obama won .
UPDATE : A number of people have noted that Obama and his wife are hanging out shaking hands , meeting the audience , while McCain basically ran of the stage and is gone .
I ’m watching live , Obama is still there .
Where is McCain ?
wow , he must have been pissed .
Tags
Our economic policymakers stand at a crossroads .
Crises like the one we face now present unique opportunities for governments to try new things , and to choose the path of the economy in the years ahead .
Today , we have the opportunity to adopt policies that will encourage either future stability or future crises like the one we have now .
Government has chosen the latter : a policy of bailouts , which will only create further incentives to take those same actions that led to the current crisis in the first place .
In doing so , they have ignored sound economic analysis , and even the original designs of the government institutions they are using to carry out these bailouts .
The Investment Decision and the Impact of Bailouts
All investments are speculative ; that is , there is some possibility that the future will not turn out as the investor hopes , and he will take losses .
Generally , when examining various investment possibilities , an investor has the option to invest in low - risk , low - return investments , which are likely to pay something , regardless the circumstances ( for example , typical savings accounts ) .
There are also high - risk , high - return investments , which are relatively likely to fail , but will pay very high returns if they succeed .
( Think of investing in developing cancer drugs : odds are good that the formula will not work , or that it will not be approved by the FDA .
However , if it does work and is approved , then the return will probably be very large . )
Facing a menu of options that differ in terms of risk and reward , the investor will choose that which has the right mix of risk and reward for their preferences .
The possibility of bailouts changes the structure of the decision by decreasing the risk involved for certain projects .
Consider a very simple " investment . "
Say that I offer you a bet .
I will flip a coin .
If it lands heads up , you give me $ 1 .
If it lands tails up , I give you $ 1 .
Now , as a mathematically - savvy person , you know that you do n't really expect to get anything out of this deal .
The odds of winning and losing are identical , and the size of the loss and reward are identical , so everything " cancels out " a priori .
In short , when you take the bet , you 're doing it for kicks .
You would certainly not consider this to be an " investment " in anything like the normal sense of the term .
However , say that the government knows that your losing a dollar would disrupt the economy .
After all , that 's $ 1 that you do n't spend on a highly nutritious Wendy 's Frosty ™ .
( Henry Hazlitt has something to say about this reasoning . )
In fact , the government has seen these disruptions for a long time , and has a history of paying for 90 % of losses on such bets .
In that case , you 'd have to be taking a very principled stand against gambling not to take the bet .
You have the potential to gain $ 1 , though you may lose $ 0.10 , and the probability of each outcome is equal .
The potential loss is very small compared to the original case , and compared to the reward .
I 'd expect that , if I made this offer to lots of people , and the government made that bailout guarantee to lots of people , I 'd have lots of people making this bet .
If I offered the simple case with no bailout , significantly fewer would take it .
As noted by Guido Hülsmann , " the very possibility to bail out some people brings about situations in which bailouts are dearly needed . "
In this way , the bailout of the financial sector ( and now Citigroup ) will sow the seeds of another crisis .
Banks will take more risks , knowing that the federal government will bail them out if losses result .
Bank stockholders will embrace this policy , bank managers will enact it , and depositors will not resist .
The Way Things are Supposed to Work ( Legally )
The bailout of Citigroup not only plants the seeds of future crises ; it also violates the original design of the FDIC and Federal Reserve .
In the bailout of Citigroup , the Treasury , Fed , and FDIC will all absorb part of the losses that Citigroup expects to take on about $ 300 billion of troubled loans .
Any student of money and banking can tell you that this is not the design that their textbooks describe for these institutions .
The FDIC was designed to guarantee a certain amount of depositors ' deposits in the case of a bank going bankrupt .
In the bailout , the FDIC is being used to prevent the bank from going bankrupt in the first place , which is definitely not its original design .
If Citigroup were allowed to go bankrupt , and the FDIC guaranteed deposits , then certain incentives would still be in place .
In particular , stockholders for banks would demand that banks lend conservatively , as they would take losses — and probably significant ones — in the bankruptcy proceedings .
Bank management would also have an incentive to lend conservatively , as odds are decent that they would have difficulty finding employment after they drove a bank to bankruptcy .
The Federal Reserve was designed with many purposes , one of which was to be a " lender of last resort , " in which role , the Fed would help prevent the bank from running into liquidity crises ( so that the bank could continue paying depositors who were withdrawing their funds ) .
However , such would not guarantee the bank 's solvency .
The bank would still go bankrupt , and the resulting incentives for stockholders and bank management would still be in place .
The current plan , however , pushes both of these agencies outside of their original stated purposes , and does so in a way that destroys important incentives — the types of incentives that would have helped prevent this crisis in the first place .
The Way Things Should Work
I am no fan of the FDIC or the Federal Reserve .
Their very existence weakens or eliminates an important incentive that helps guarantee the solvency of the banking system : the incentive for depositors to demand that their financial institutions operate conservatively .
In a fractional - reserve system , without deposits , the banks ' ability to make loans is greatly diminished .
Since the fractional - reserve system creates continuous incentives for banks to lend depositors ' money ( thereby creating the risk of insolvency , if the loans turn out to be bad ) , the best we can do in such a system is be sure that there are lots of people who have incentives to keep the banks operating conservatively and who have the power to make them do so .
Depositors are an important part of that equation .
However , there is an even better solution , and it has been advocated by many Austrians for a long time : 100 % - reserve banking .
With 100 % reserves , banks need not fear for solvency .
They know that they can pay their depositors back because they have the money in the safe to do so .
There is no need for dramatic bank run scenes like the classic one in It 's a Wonderful Life .
There is no need for financial bailouts .
The only insurance that banks would need is insurance against theft ( which they carry anyway ) , and that is sufficient to protect their depositors from losses , so the FDIC can be shut down .
In this case , depositors need not demand that their banks operate conservatively ; they would do so by design .
The Time is Now
We stand at an unusual crossroads .
At the moment , banks are holding nearly 100 % reserves for transactions deposits .
( As of November 19 , they had about $ 652 billion in reserves for about $ 700 billion in transactions deposits . )
We could implement the 100 % - reserve rule now for transactions deposits , without creating much impact on the banking system .
All that would happen would be that these reserves would not be lent out in the future , which would keep the banks solvent going forward .
If we really want to " invest " taxpayer dollars to stabilize the financial system , why not use just $ 48 billion as a reserve injection , and enforce 100 % reserves ?
Naturally , it is better not to force taxpayers to subsidize this policy change to the benefit of the banks .
However , forcing taxpayers to pay $ 48 billion for long - term stability is far better than forcing them to pay $ 1 trillion to create future crises .
We have a unique opportunity to provide future stability for our banking system .
Sadly , it is an opportunity that will almost assuredly pass us by .
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky -- whose state has a 7,000 - employee Toyota plant -- said on the Senate floor yesterday that he had reservations about the proposed legislation , which he said " fails to require the kind of serious reform that will ensure long - term viability for struggling automobile companies " and leaves the door open " to unlimited federal subsidies in the future . "
Shelby 's position is not merely that of a fiscal conservative .
His home state has provided millions of dollars in taxpayer subsidies to lure Honda , Hyundai , and Mercedes - Benz to build huge plants there .
Indeed , some critics believe that without the incentives from Alabama -- and similar tax breaks given by a number of other states to a dozen foreign automakers -- the Detroit companies would not need a federal bailout .
The foreign - based automakers have received relatively little attention during the debate over the auto bailout bill because they have not asked for money from Congress .
Yet their role is immense :
In 2007 , for the first time , foreign firms produced a majority of cars sold in the United States .
While Detroit 's auto industry is shutting plants and slashing union jobs , the foreign - based auto companies have been booming , particularly in the South , with new nonunion plants slated to open in Tennessee and Georgia .
House Financial Services Committee chairman Barney Frank of Massachusetts , who is playing a key role in hammering out a loan deal , said in an interview that some opponents are " completely hypocritical " because they back local tax incentives to lure foreign companies that now pose some of Detroit 's stiffest competition .
Frank also denounced those members of Congress who oppose the assistance for the Detroit automakers as a matter of fiscal prudence at the same time they fight for agricultural subsidies for their states .
Shelby represents the views of many members of Congress who say they oppose a taxpayer bailout and plan to join him in trying to defeat the measure .
In an interview yesterday , he defended his support for tax breaks for foreign auto companies , which he praised for offering cars that the public wants .
" They know what they are doing running efficient plants , " said Shelby , the top Republican on the Senate Banking Committee , which held hearings on the bailout last week .
Shelby bristled when asked why he opposes the loan to Detroit automakers but backs farm subsidies , which do not have to be repaid .
" I do n't say that is good policy , " Shelby said .
Asked why he voted for subsidies if he does not think they are good policy , he responded that " there are some good things " in the farm bill .
The Frank - versus - Shelby argument is a microcosm of the complex politics and competing interests at stake as Congress prepares to vote on the auto loans .
It emphasizes what has become a geographic -- not just partisan -- divide : lawmakers from states with foreign - owned auto plants tend to oppose the measure , while those from the Upper Midwest and strong union states tend to back it .
Let 's pull back from Melorod Blagojevich and Jesse Jackson , Jr. for a moment and put a little energy into the auto industry rescue package that the Bush Regime has negotiated with the congressional Democratic leadership .
First off , the most antiunion radicals in the GOP caucus , extremists like David " Diapers " Vitter ( R - LA ) , Jim Bunning ( R - KY ) and the Senate representative from Honda and Hyundai , Richard Shelby ( R - AL ) , have vowed to kill the bill -- and the American automotive industry ( and what 's left of the economy ) -- with a filibuster .
Vitter , who was never prosecuted -- or even investigated by the Senate Ethics Committee -- for his illegal activities with a series of prostitutes , was crowing today that he would use " every procedural tool available [ to ] " delay and block the measure as it presently stands .
" And if Shelby , one of the primary villains in this catastrophe , is the representative of Honda and Hyundai , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , has been China 's unofficial chief lobbyist in the United States .
If GM is forced into bankruptcy , the Chinese auto sector is likely to buy off bits and pieces , something that is likely to result in a tremendous , if deferred , payday for McConnell and his soon to be out - of - government " wife , " Elaine Chao .
McConnell has flatly stated that the bill will not be passed
They sound so reasonable -- even Shelby , the most fanatic of the lot -- but they can barely conceal their joy at dealing a mortal blow to union workers .
Shelby , Vitter , Corker , McConnell , Bunning , Kyl and the other extremists violently oppose pensions for struggling Americans workers , yet they bristle at the very thought that even the most corruptmembers of their own lazy , pampered little guild , members of Congress , should be made to give up their pensions .
An inordinate number of " public servants " view their opportunities very much the way Rod Blagojevich does -- an opportunity for self - enrichment .
Greedy corrupt slimeballs from the political class see nothing wrong with themselves being entitled to luxurious treatment while workers and their families are lucky to stay out of the poor house because of wrong - headed policies promulgated by politicians .
Two of the wealthiest members of Congress , a pair of far right Republicans from North Carolina who were defeated last month -- Liddy Dole and Robin Hayes -- both vehemently oppose any assistance for American workers .
Yet each walks away from extraordinarily mediocre -- if not utterly failed -- service in Congress with lifetime benefits .
Neither needs any help , having helped themselves for decades while feeding at the public trough .
Their guaranteed benefits , though , will adjust up with inflation , something else that results from their bad decisions in Congress .
There are exactly two members of Congress who do n't steal taxpayer money with these overblown , lavish pensions : Howard Coble ( R- NC ) and Ron Paul ( R - TX ) .
Back to the hypocrisy of the congressional haters of working families .
Today ' ssuggests there are roots to be examined in regionalism between those who want to rescue the auto industry and those who want to see it die .
Notice , for example , that Shelby , Vitter , McConnell and Bunning are all from ex-slaveholding states where the concept of feudalism is still very strong .
Politicians have proven themselves completely unworthy of the public trust .
At least Republicans , who basically admit they are the party of Greed and Selfishness , give fair warning that they will cheat and steal at every opportunity .
Democrats are supposed to be the party that represents working families and their interests -- which is why I love Bob Fertik 's Zero Tolerance for Indicted Democrats proposal .
All this political scandal energy - suck is n't doing much to solve the pressing problems the nation actually has .
The GOP is determined to do all they can to make Obama look as bad as they can , even if it means flushing the country 's well - being down the toilet .
It 's kind of a new definition of " America First . "
I should say that not every single Republican is equally guilty , but we 'll be looking at the list of which ones participate in the filibuster of the auto industry rescue plans in the next few days .
I suspect that a handful of the most far right and corrupt Democrats -- reactionary slime like Landrieu and Pryor for example -- may well be ready to side with the Republican extremists against American working families .
It was a procedural vote that passed 226 to 169 , with 10 Republicans ( mostly from Michigan ) joining all but 5 Democrats .
You may be wondering which reactionary Blue Dog scum from deep in the bowels of the Republican wing of the Democratic Party would vote with Boehner and the union busters and oppose what Obama wants .
No surprises here .
These are enemies of working families and should be treated as such : Chris Carney ( PA ) Gabby Giffords ( AZ ) Harry Mitchell ( AZ ) Mike Michaud ( ME ) Heath Shuler ( NC ) Again 10 Republicans voted with the Democrats but this time 9 fake Democrats crossed the aisle to register their contempt for working families : Chris Carney ( PA ) Heath Shuler ( NC ) Mike Michaud ( ME ) Baron Hill ( IN ) Harry Mitchell ( AZ ) Mike McIntyre ( NC ) Jim Matheson ( UT ) Gabby Giffords ( AZ ) Stephanie Herseth Sandlin ( SD )
Labels : Auto Industry , Culture of Corruption , filibuster , government bailout , Shelby
The Center for Media and Democracy presents a startling indictment of TV news stations , who use video segments produced by PR firms for corporate clients and present them as their own news stories :
A station in New York showed — as news — a video produced for a drug company that touted their new supplement as a “ major health breakthrough ” even though a widely reported government study had found that it was little better than a placebo .
In one case , a TV station even went as far as to remove safety warnings from a video promoting a new prescription skin cream .
The TV stations never disclosed that they were presenting sponsored items as news .
In more than half the cases , the TV station disguised corporate promotional videos by having one of their reporters re-voice the audio , sometimes merely repeating the original narration word - for - word .
In other cases , the station identified the narrator in the video as one of their reporters , even though that person worked for a PR firm hired by a corporation .
We are talking about TV stations during their news programs presenting supposed news stories that are actually corporate advertisements in disguise .
Over 100 TV stations — both large and small , which broadcast to 53 % of the US population — regularly use corporate - sponsored videos called VNRs ( video news releases , a combination of video news and press release ) .
Their conclusion is that a significant amount of TV news is really bought - and - paid - for corporate propaganda .
More information and tips on what you can do about this .
UPDATE : Perhaps not very surprisingly , a new poll says that more people trust Internet news than TV or radio .
And this is not a new development — I found an unrelated poll from March that shows that pretty much the same thing .
How many times as an adult do you grab for a pair of disposable gloves to protect your hands from messy projects ?
Well , finally , there are disposable gloves for kids too !
Created by a mom ...
gLovies are the first multi-purpose disposable gloves that help keep little hands clean .
Reforms imposed five years ago to rein in the long work hours put in by doctors in training do n’t go far enough to reduce risks to both patients and sleep - deprived trainees , according to a report released Tuesday .
The report , produced by the Institute of Medicine , an arm of the National Academies , recommended that medical residents ideally should work no longer than 16 consecutive hours , considerably less than the 30 - hour shifts now allowed .
If they have to go longer than 16 hours , they should be required to take a five - hour nap , which would count toward a maximum 30 - hour cap .
The institute also recommended that any hours spent moonlighting should count against the maximum 80 work hours allowed per week ( averaged over four weeks ) .
That could eliminate a popular practice for residents , who make about $ 40,000 a year and are often burdened with large educational loans .
Advertisement
Dr. L. Toni Lewis , who recently completed a residency in family practice and now heads a union representing residents in five states , called the report “ historic . ”
“ We ’re really excited that they ’re focusing so much on the 16 - hour work limit , ” she said .
“ And [ the report ] addresses not just the hours but the quality of resident education and patient care . ”
But others viewed the recommendations as still too weak .
Dr. Peter Lurie of the consumer advocacy group Public Citizen said the mandated five - hour nap was just a ruse to make sure residents could still work a 30 - hour shift .
“ No one is going to get anything approaching five hours of sleep , ” Lurie said .
“ It ’s just an elaborate effort to keep alive the current guidelines while requiring organized medicine to make as few changes as possible . ”
Advertisement
Residents -- so called because in the late 1800s , they actually lived in hospitals -- are medical school graduates who care for patients under the supervision of experienced physicians .
A form of apprenticeship , residency has long been notorious for brutal hours and minimal pay .
Residency can last three to seven years , depending on the specialization .
The move to limit those hours began in 1984 with the much - publicized death of Libby Zion shortly after she was admitted to a New York hospital .
Her father , a well - known lawyer and journalist , became convinced that the 18 - year - old died because the residents on duty that night were working 36 - hour shifts and caring for too many patients .
In recent years , studies have shown that residents who go too long without sleep are more likely to injure themselves and others through needle sticks or car accidents .
Advertisement
New York hospitals first imposed 80 - hour work weeks in 1989 .
After Congress threatened to intervene , the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education in 2003 made it a condition of accreditation .
But the 80 - hour restriction has been expensive for hospitals , which have had to hire more residents to make up for the lost hours .
The new recommendations would add even more costs .
Hiring additional staff to allow residents to work shorter shifts would cost about $ 1.7 billion annually , according to the medical experts who prepared the institute ’s report .
“ We believe that the additional $ 1.7 billion a year is a necessary investment in patient safety and better healthcare outcomes , ” said Dr. Michael M.E. Johns , the panel ’s chairman and chancellor of Emory University in Atlanta .
“ The science clearly shows that fatigue increases the chances of errors , and residents often work long hours without rest and regular time off . ”
Advertisement
Saying that reducing hours alone would not improve doctor training or patient safety , the report also proposed protocols to improve “ handoffs ” of patients from one resident to another during shift changes , a period notorious for introducing errors .
It also called for closer supervision of residents by fully licensed physicians and warned against merely expecting residents to take care of the same number of patients over a shorter period of time .
Dr. Mark I. Langdorf , medical director of the emergency department at UC Irvine Medical Center and associate director of the residency program , called the recommendations “ nuts . ”
“ The problem here is balancing the need for patient safety , which I acknowledge , with the need to have the training in medicine be an apprenticeship , ” he said .
“ It sells the educational process short to make training so intermittent that you do n’t really get continuity . ”
Advertisement
Langdorf also said that any advantage of working shorter shifts is outweighed by the disadvantage of having to turn over patient care to doctors who do n’t know the patient ’s history , particularly given the lack of computerized patient records .
One of the report ’s strengths is that it calls for monitoring both the five - hour naps and the increased handoffs for unintended consequences , said Dr. Christopher Landrigan , a professor of pediatrics at Harvard Medical School who has conducted research on residents and sleep .
“ There ’s no question that there ’s still a large cohort of doctors who do think that these 30 - hour shifts are essential , ” Landrigan said .
“ But there are a growing number of doctors who accept that sleep deprivation plays a role in patient safety .
There ’s been a real shift in the culture in the last five years . ”
--
Advertisement
mary.engel@latimes.com
THE INTERNATIONAL MALE CONSPIRACY : A Final Revelation Published in Balance Magazine ( Date not known )
On Tue , 08 Sep 1998 in soc.women dpier@compusmart.ab.ca ( Doug Pier ) posted the following : THE INTERNATIONAL MALE CONSPIRACY : A Final Revelation By Sean O'Connell , Ph.D.
This exposé may amount to the most heinous and massive betrayal in the history of humanity ; I am betraying the entire male gender .
For millennia , probably since the invention of walking , men have happily pledged their fidelity to the most closely guarded of secrets .
As part of a world - wide conspiracy , one whose sole aim is the absolute and never - ending subordination of the entire female gender , every male on the planet , every one , has promised to serve the cause faithfully and to promote its masculine interests .
But I must be the first to break with the planetary tradition .
I am a kind of Messiah for the New Age , and hence expect to be reviled and scorned for the tidings I bring .
I must be the first for a couple of reasons .
Well , the first is not so much a justifying reason , as an excusing condition .
It 's just that a few women , mainly sociologists , are on the verge of figuring this out for themselves .
The least I can do for the brotherhood , if I am to betray it so monstrously , is to prevent a woman from making the most important discovery of the last 1.5 million years .
My second reason is better .
I have come to really love women , and I want to see their suffering end .
This , of course , is a double - cross , right at the heart of masculi [ ni ]sm .
The international male conspiracy is rooted in misogyny and sadism , as feminists have recently begun to discern .
The facts surrounding this world conspiracy are really quite simple , so simple , indeed , that it is a wonder that it took women so long to suspect their sinister implications .
One understands the dark and malicious male plot if one understands one original fact : women once ruled the earth .
They were the first sex , genetically and historically .
Men were an evolutionary afterthought .
The evidence for this is the diminutive and lowly Y - chromosome .
Because they were inferior , in every existentially significant way , men were systematically relegated to marginal functions and status , away from the mainstreams of life .
Here the story really begins .
Small numbers of men , behind the backs of their women , expressed discontent .
Within a few centuries , the phenomenon was international .
Enclaves popped up on every continent and , inevitably , the underground movement became a formal , fraternal organization .
The international male conspiracy was born .
The first world - wide congress convened in the Falkland Islands about 30,000 BC , and has met there annually ever since ( the exact date is unknown , since records were not maintained until about 3,500 BC , when the movement invented writing as we now know it ) .
This is why Britain sent half its navy to rescue the Falklands ; more than a few sheep were at stake .
The Admirals and Generals , all of them men ( who very cleverly brainwashed Margaret Thatcher into doing their dirty work for them ) , knew that the planetary male privilege was vulnerable .
In the 31,994 - year period since the first Falkland Congress , the conspiracy has had an unbroken record of stunning breakthroughs and successes in its devoted efforts to dehumanize , humiliate , subordinate , exploit , oppress , enslave , disempower and terrorize women .
Year after year , these secret hives of patriarchy have produced brilliant male inventions and subterfuges for keeping women in their proper place as the pariahs of the planet .
I have just mentioned one .
Men invented writing .
After a few centuries , they decided to teach it to a few women , but they did so in such a way that they could never use it properly .
This was the first instrument of male dominance , and probably its most powerful one : Control the means of communication and everything is yours .
( In all these examples , it should be noted that in the early stages of each new development , men have used a small number of women as pawns in their deadly machinations .
They hypnotize these few to want what men already have , thus giving all other women the mistaken idea that the wish originates in females . )
So the teaching of disordered language to women was the first of many steps toward their complete enslavement .
From there , it was not a long step toward the invention of reason , logic and science .
Again , some recent feminist writers have pointed out that these are exclusively male innovations , beautifully designed and implemented in the interests of patriarchal power and privilege .
They are absolutely correct .
They are tools of oppression and , consequently , these feminists are on the right track when they abandon them entirely .
But what they do not know is how they work to male advantage .
Here is a case in point .
After men taught women how to read and how to write , they taught them logic .
This was in the fourth century BC .
In fact , the proliferation of reason in women followed swiftly after Aristotle explained his principles of syllogistic reasoning to the Falkland Congress of 318 BC .
But we must remember that teaching logic to women was part of a male conspiracy ; hence we must expect there to be a diabolic , crafty deception involved .
Indeed there was .
The first stroke of male genius was to recognize what feminists insist on :
Reason , logic and science are foreign to the female psyche .
They are inhospitable invaders in the earthy domains of emotion , fertility , intuition and nurturance .
I need not argue this , since feminists have done it so well .
Even more brilliant though was the decision to teach one incomplete and inconsistent system of language and logic to women , while reserving the most fecund and efficacious systems for men .
That is why , as all men know after induction into the international conspiratorial brotherhood , men speak and think in one system publicly and in another system among themselves .
The net result is that women , who are not constitutionally disposed to thinking anyway ( at least according to some of their prominent ideologues ) , are chronically confused , making them perpetually vulnerable to male oppression .
That is also why all major advances in thought have come from men .
Since they created reason , and since they have kept it to themselves , only they know how to use it .
Male reason invented the wheel , the first spacecraft and everything in between .
This is all evidence for the feminist suspicion that a male conspiracy is at work .
Plato , Aristotle , Aquinas , Copernicus , Descartes , Galileo , Newton , Kant , Darwin , Marx and Einstein are a few cases in ( I exclude all the performing and literary arts , which is another story with the same plot . )
The second most potent strategy to issue from the Falkland Congresses was the control of socialization .
Men discovered that women could be kept in perpetual servitude if they were socialized to it .
Now that men had control over language and logic , they did not encounter much difficulty in getting control over the content of speaking and thinking .
Two socializing institutions proved particularly effective ; education and religion .
The conspiracy controls both of them .
One provides the means and the other provides the motivation .
The unending oppression of women was guaranteed when men realized that one key would lock women into their roles for good .
Again , using few well placed pawns , the conspiracy convinced women all over the world that motherhood was their special privilege .
They told women how to socialize their children to male advantage and female disadvantage .
By now , the international male conspiracy had become a complete success : it had the mothers in its spell .
After this , it was not very difficult to brainwash almost all women into accepting ( and vehemently defending ) the Myth of Female Privilege .
It took more than a few Congresses to work out this subtle , sinister plot .
In fact , it was modified several times , and in the course of its fine - tuning , men came as close as ever to accidentally revealing their conspiratorial intentions .
The Myth plays upon the specious dignification , almost canonization , of Motherhood .
And since every woman is a potential or actual mother , the men reasoned , why not hoodwink the entire sex into believing that every woman is innately blessed with elevated status and privileges .
Millions of male martyrs have given up their lives and their seats on the bus in order to preserve this myth in the minds of women .
The logic behind this epochal subterfuge is chillingly potent .
By granting a privileged status to women , men made them completely vulnerable and dependent , standing in desperate need of physical protection , the provision of life 's necessities , and someone to tell them what to think and what to feel .
Naturally , male fascination with female beauty and charm , the rhapsodic romanticization and glorification of femininity , is all part of a conspiratorial smokescreen .
Hell , men have even convinced women that men need female company , friendship and sympathy , to the extent that men are willing to fork over truckloads of money to get and keep it .
As I said , many feminists are already familiar with my conspiracy thesis and have gone so far as to promote it and provide empirical support for it .
But a final , decisive piece of information is missing before the conspiracy can be fully comprehended , and it is this missing link I intend to reveal .
It is this : feminism itself is the conspiracy 's most deadly ploy .
Men have used feminism to divide and conquer women .
Although it has not caught on in every country , its effects have already been staggering : Women are more disoriented and confused than ever .
That feminism is a male invention is easy to see .
It makes its first recorded appearance in Plato 's Republic , in which women were given equality with men , especially in the army .
Plato also argued for universal daycare and the abolition of marriage and the family , both tenets of contemporary radical feminism .
But feminism did not really catch on until more than 2,000 years later , because a small but influential fringe group insisted that the strategy was simply too cruel .
This " Wimp Factor , " after several centuries , was finally declared undesirable when another Falkland Congress voted to increase men's efforts to confound women with feminist dogma .
Two delegates to the 1867 Congress , Karl Marx and John Stuart Mill , later produced documents which were to become the ideological platform for contemporary feminism .
Not long after that , men manipulated women into believing they wanted to vote and , presto , women were on the road to equality with men .
This , of course , was a most tragic step for women and a thoroughly conclusive victory for the male conspiracy , dazzling in its deception and execution .
One pivotal conception makes the conspiracy 's exploitation of feminism comprehensible , namely that men have collectively convinced women that they should be more like men .
But of course they can't , because the tools of masculinity are the tools of oppression , and they are all in the hands of the world conspiracy .
So women are caught in a debilitating contradiction .
They should n't be women and they can't be men .
Game over .
Let us examine just a few examples which demonstrate how the cunning conspirators have turned feminism , that most elegant of all male contrivances , to their own advantage .
First , under the banner buzz - word of " EQUALITY , " the conspirators beguiled women into thinking that one way they could he more like men would be to behave more like men , sexually .
" Cast off your traditional shackles of modest femininity : " they hinted , " and liberate your loins .
Be free with your sexuality . "
So women discarded their bras , male invention , much to the delight of men ; they devoured birth - control pills , much to the relief of men who invented them ; and they provided lots of uncommitted sex , much to the satisfaction of men .
Second , women tried to become more like men by relieving men of much of their traditional drudgery and stupid work .
Once women became convinced that they could be equal , men tamed this idea against them and demanded that they share equal obligations .
" Provide for yourself ' became part of men's private language , so that larger numbers of families were headed by women alone .
And , of course , their economic hardship made them particularly vulnerable to other male predators .
The conspiracy wins again .
Third , and this fact is still incipient , women are beginning to accept the idea that they can do all the fighting and killing .
Men are still waiting for their feminists to promote this idea with greater force , although Canada has now graduated its first female combat pilots .
The conspiracy will savor its most delicious moment when every police force , fire department and armed service is peopled by females .
This will be the greatest Victory of all : Women will he doing all the working and fighting while men spend all their time fishing and plotting .
Men will even be relieved of domestic drudgery , because they have convinced a number of very vocal women that fathers are constitutionally incapable of parenting .
Brotherhood , you see , is powerful .
The total destruction of womanhood is by now virtually accomplished .
But this fact contains an alarming thought , which has been aired with increasing frequency at the last few International Congresses .
The fact is , men may have run out of misogynist strategies !
How do they top their invention of feminism without resorting to old and obvious tricks ?
The situation is clearly distressing .
As I said at the outset , my main reason for revealing all these conspiratorial secrets , for which I expect to pay dearly at the blood - thirsty hands of the Brotherhood , is that I love women with abundance and without shame .
And if men are running out of strategies , I am fearful of what they might do next out of sheer desperation .
There seems to be only one sure escape from the encroaching horrors women face .
Let us just describe it as creative counter - conspiracy .
It is the most potent retaliatory measure currently available to women .
In effect , it deploys all the conspiratorial weapons men have hitherto used with such undisputed success .
And since the weapons are conspiratorial ones , their effective deployment presupposes one absolute , inviolable condition : Women must conspire in total secrecy .
This is crucially important .
It is beyond doubt that any female conspiracy will succeed only if it is carried out in the same way men did it : privately , secretly , silently .
Any attempt to enlist male co-operation or support will torpedo the first launch .
Then women will be ruined forever .
Duplicity is the core of conspiracy .
Hence , I suggest that women , without delay , undertake the revamping of Western Civilization in toto , replacing male language , logic , science , religion , art , philosophy , education , economics , politics , industrialism , technology and the family with female institutions completely incomprehensible to men .
But every step , every one , must be diabolically concealed from men and ruthlessly executed with legerdemain , fraud , seduction , prevarication , mystification and a satanically - false appearance of sincerity and goodwill .
Only by doing this will women achieve reparation and revenge for the grotesque suffering and indignities perpetrated upon them over the past 30,000 years by the Male Conspiracy .
But , sadly , by doing this women will also intensify what some take to be the natural state of relations between the sexes : fear , hatred , suspicion , envy , competition and war .
And , more sadly , it will make it nearly impossible for anyone trying to break free from such patent insanity to do so .
Sean O'Connell , Ph.D .
Edmonton , Alberta .
Table of Contents  Humour __________
Updates :
2001 01 29 ( format changes )
2004 04 06 ( format changes )
The guy on the white car decided to be a smart one and overtake all the traffic jam by going through the pedestrians lane on the roadside .
Well , just moments later he got deep inside the water .
The PostSecret blog has moved to PostSecret.com .
Please update your bookmarks so you can access the site directly in the future .
You 'll be automatically redirected in a few moments .
Polar bears hunt seals from the ice .
When their icy habitat melts , the bears are forced to swim more , move north or retreat to land .
Polar bears could survive extinction despite many starving to death in coming years , according to scientists and other observers who have discovered that some of the bears have found a new food source — goose and duck eggs .
The eggs could be coming in part from a rebounding goose population in the Hudson Bay area , feeding polar bears whose icy habitat in the Arctic is melting , one new study finds .
In recent years , much of the sea ice that polar bears use as a hunting platform for seal meals has melted , forcing some bears — particularly young males — farther north or onto land , where they are not as adept at hunting .
When stuck on land for months , a polar bear typically is forced to survive on its own fat reserves .
The bears were listed earlier this year as a threatened species under the U.S. Endangered Species
Act as populations have declined .
Meanwhile , snow geese are thriving near the western Hudson Bay , and researchers say there are in fact too many of them .
Their eggs can be a good food source , researchers report in the online version of the journal Polar Biology .
The geese nest on tundra that some bears have retreated to .
" Over 40 years , six subadult male bears were seen among snow goose nests , and four of them were sighted after the year 2000 , " says Robert Rockwell , an ornithologist at the American Museum of Natural History and a biology professor at City University of New York 's City College .
" I 've seen a subadult male eat eider duck eggs whole or press its nose against the shell , break it , and eat the contents . "
Ice is melting , on average , 0.72 days earlier each year in the region studied .
Snow geese are hatching eggs about 0.16 days sooner each year , according to Rockwell and his graduate student Linda Gormezano .
Current trends indicate that the arrival of polar bears will overlap the mean hatching period in 3.6 years , and egg consumption could become a routine , reliable option , the researcher concluded in a statement released today .
A polar bear , the largest land carnivore , would need to consume the eggs of 43 nests to replace the energy gained from the average day of hunting seals , but Rockwell and his colleagues figure that while many polar bears may starve in coming years , the resourceful animals just might survive extinction .
Polar bears survived a warm period about 125,000 years ago , when sea level was 12 to 18 feet ( 4 to 6 meters ) higher than it is now and trees lived above the Arctic Circle , the scientists point out .
" They 've been through warming before , " Rockwell said .
The polar bears ' potential movement to a diet of more eggs brought to mind a quote by Ilkoo Angutikjuak , an Inuit who lives in the Canadian province of Nunavut , in the February 2008 issue of Natural History magazine , Rockwell said .
Angutikjuak said : " The animals will adapt , I 've heard that because they depend on sea ice , polar bears will go extinct , but I do n't believe it .
They are very adaptable .
As the sea ice changes , polar bears might get skinnier and some might die , but I do n't think they will go extinct . "
The research was funded by the Hudson Bay Project and the American Museum of Natural History .
BREAKING : Landslide Obama Victory
Created : October 07 , 2008 09:55 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
New narrative alert : Sen. Barack Obama will win this election — in a landslide .
But wait , were n’t all the experts and pundits worrying about Obama ’s demise just one month ago ?
Well times change .
Markets fall .
Running mates get exposed as embarassingly unqualified .
So now this week ’s conventional wisdom — first teed up on the front page of the Sunday New York Times and now spreading across the chattering class — is that Obama will not only win , but win big .
The Times analysis focused on the economy , reporting that pocketbook issues were powering Obama “ in at least nine states that voted for President Bush in 2004 , including some that neither side thought would be on the table this close to Election Day . ”
The piece included caveats , but flip to the back of the paper and you ’ll find bolder predictions .
On Monday , conservative columnist David Brooks flatly “ called the election for Obama . ”
( He was speaking at the American Magazine Conference , as Advertising Age reported . )
Even Clintonites are getting in on the act .
“ It ’s over , ” says Howard Wolfson , the Clinton press strategist turned Fox News commentator ( and sometime blogger ) .
“ If the election were tomorrow , Obama would win all of the states John Kerry carried and add Iowa , New Mexico , Colorado , Virginia , Nevada , Ohio and Florida , ” he blogged this week .
“ This dynamic is very unlikely to change .
John McCain ’s goal in the first debate was to discredit Sen. Obama as a credible commander in chief …
He did n’t come close .
Absent a domestic terror attack the economy will remain the No. 1 issue in the race , and there is little Sen.
McCain can do to make up [ the ] gap . ”
I found the August hand - wringing about Obama ’s problems overblown .
While these have obviously been two great weeks for the Democratic nominee , this new narrative is also over the top .
Perceptions change quickly in politics .
A “ terror attack ” is not the only event that could upend this race .
Let ’s dial it down — how about a gaffe in the remaining debates ?
Or new revelations about any of the candidates ?
In this volatile market , you ’d think people would be more careful about hedging their bets .
Wow , that ’s actually pretty strong stuff .
( It ’s also ironic , since the Mormon church was racist towards blacks until the late 70s . )
I think it is unfortunate , obviously , but it ’s not the end , because I think this will go back into the courts , this will go back to the Supreme Court , because the Supreme Court very clearly in California has declared this unconstitutional .
It ’s the same as in the 1948 case when blacks and whites were not allowed to marry .
This falls into the same category .
I know some people will say “ so what ? ”
But you ’d be surprised how many people refuse to recognize gay civil rights as equal to other civil rights causes .
It ’s all the same – all different , and all the same – but some , many , still like to think that one cause is more equal than others .
And it freaks the religious right out whenever anyone says that opposing gay marriage is exactly like opposing blacks marrying whites .
That makes the religious and the Mormons segregationists .
D.C. officer pleads guilty to unprovoked assault on protester Andrew McLemore
Published : Friday December 19 , 2008
Print This Email This A police officer for Washington , D.C. pleaded guilty to one count of aggravated assault on a protester he beat in the face with a riot stick nearly four nears ago .
An 18 - year member of the Metropolitan Police Department , Christopher Huxoll could face up to 10 years in prison for his altercation with a demonstrator during the 2005 Inauguration of President Bush .
According to a press release , Huxoll threw the protester to the ground , lifted up his head and hit him across the face with his baton , leaving him bruised and bloody .
" Most law enforcement officers serve our Nation bravely , but in
instances where they not only fail to uphold the law , but willfully
break it , the Justice Department will not hesitate to vigorously
prosecute , " said Grace Chung Becker , Acting Assistant Attorney General
for the Civil Rights Division .
Huxoll said he believed the protester had thrown bottles at him and his fellow officers while policing an unauthorized protest march where there had been reports of vandalism .
But Cathy L. Lanier , Chief of the Metropolitan Police Department , said whatever he believed , Huxoll crossed the line .
" All law enforcement officers have a duty to protect , " said , " Mr. Huxoll 's actions are reprehensible and completely contradictory to what my department stands
for .
His behavior does nothing but taint the phenomenal work done every
day by officers who serve our city with distinction . "
Huxoll 's sentencing is set for March 6 .
Protest Fallout Demonstrators Occupy Greek Consulate in Berlin
A group of 30 demonstrators has occupied the Greek consulate in Berlin to protest the killing of a teenager by police in Athens on Saturday night .
The Berlin protesters are behaving peacefully .
ST .
LOUIS–Blues goalie Manny Legace left after one period last night with a hip injury that occurred when he slipped on the carpet placed on the ice for Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin .
The Alaska governor dropped the ceremonial first puck before the Blues hosted the Los Angeles Kings .
A narrow carpet walkway was placed from the gate at the Blues bench for Palin , her husband and two of her daughters to walk to centre ice .
Just before the ceremony , Legace was the first player onto the ice for St. Louis .
A team official pointed to the carpet , but as Legace stepped onto it with his skate he fell , then gingerly made his way to the crease .
After that , the team official rolled up enough of the carpet so other players would n't have to step on it .
Legace described the injury as a strained left hip flexor .
He does n't believe it is serious but said it is painful .
He said he wo n't play tonight when the Blues host Florida , but was n't sure if he 'd miss any additional games .
" I felt a pull right away , " Legace said .
" I was hoping it would just go away . ''
But after making his first save , the injury felt worse , Legace said .
He played one period , giving up two goals on 12 shots .
He was replaced by 6 - foot - 7 rookie Ben Bishop .
Legace did n't blame Palin .
" She 's been pretty good for our game , " Legace said .
" I 'm starting to like her more and more .
No grudge . ''
Palin received more cheers than boos at the start of the game , a contrast to her appearance at a Flyers game Oct. 11 , when she was roundly jeered by fans .
The Blackberry Storm is RIM ’s latest accession in their 3G smartphone line .
It comes with a clickable 3.26 - inch ( 480 x 360 ) touchscreen , 3.2 - megapixel camera , congenital accelerometer , congenital GPS , 1GB onboard accumulator with microSD / SDHD memory card slot and the smartphone is preloaded with lots of apps .
The Blackberry Storm will be on Verizon first .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Three major electronics manufacturers have agreed to plead guilty to a price - fixing conspiracy and pay $ 585 million in criminal fines for their roles in the pricing of LCD display panels , the Justice Department said Wednesday .
The department announced the plea agreement following a settlement with Sharp Corp. of Japan ; LG Display Co. ( LPL ) of South Korea and Chunghwa Picture Tubes of Taiwan .
The plea deals were filed in U.S. District Court in San Francisco , California , and announced by Thomas Barnett , Assistant Attorney General for Antitrust at the Justice Department in Washington .
" These price - fixing conspiracies affected millions of American consumers who use computers , cell phones and numerous other household electronics every day , " said Barnett .
He declined to estimate losses stemming from the price fixing , but said he expected to provide some measure of the damages when the corporations are sentenced .
The Justice Department said LG Display Company , previously LG Philips , will pay by far the largest fine - $ 400 million , the second highest criminal fine ever imposed for price - fixing .
The firm agreed to plead guilty to participating in a conspiracy from 2001 to 2006 to set the price of LCD panels worldwide .
Chunghwa will pay a $ 65 million fine for participating with LG and other unnamed co-conspirators during the five - year period .
Sharp agreed to pay a $ 120 million fine for three separate conspiracies with unnamed partners who sold LCD panels with artificially inflated prices to Dell ( DELL , Fortune 500 ) for computer monitors and laptops , Motorola ( MOT , Fortune 500 ) for panels in Razr mobile phones and Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) for panels used in iPod portable music players .
Barnett said only the three corporations are charged , but stressed the investigation is continuing and did not rule out possible charges against individuals from the three firms or from other firms .
If charged and convicted , individuals could face a sentence of up to 10 years .
Justice Department officials said Sharp reported $ 6.8 billion last year in revenue from LCD sales out of $ 34 billion in total revenue .
LG Display Co. reported $ 15.3 billion in revenue last year .
Chunghwa reported $ 4.8 billion in revenue .
The worldwide LCD market is estimated at $ 70 billion annually
British scientists have revealed a possible link between the chemical bisphenol A ( BPA ) and disease in adults .
A research team from the Peninsula Medical School , the University of Exeter , the University of Plymouth and the University of Iowa , have found evidence linking bisphenol A to diabetes and heart disease in adults
BPA is a controversial chemical which has hit the headlines in recent years over suspected health risks , particularly to babies .
BPA is used in polycarbonate plastic products and commonly used in food and drink containers such as refillable drinks containers , compact disks , some plastic eating utensils , some baby 's bottles and many other products in everyday use .
It is one of the world 's highest production volume chemicals , with over 2.2 million tonnes ( 6.4 billion pounds ) produced in 2003 , with an annual growth in demand of between 6 - 10 % each year .
While some research in animals has suggested that BPA is safe , some laboratory studies have raised doubts , as experiments in which mice and rats were exposed to BPA have shown that higher doses of the chemical can lead to liver damage , insulin resistance , diabetes and obesity .
The laboratory animal evidence to date , is complicated and controversial , but nevertheless some scientists believe that BPA can disrupt hormone levels , especially oestrogen , and they suggest that the full biological effects of BPA in humans is far from clear .
The researchers looked at information from the U.S. government 's National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey ( NHANES ) 2003 - 2004 , the only large - scale data available on BPA concentrations excreted in urine .
They analysed the results for the 1455 adults aged between 18 and 74 years old for whom measures were available - a group representative of the general population of the USA .
Their analysis found that the 25 % of the population with the highest BPA levels were more than twice as likely to have heart disease and / or diabetes , compared to the 25 % with the lowest BPA levels and higher BPA levels were also associated with clinically abnormal liver enzyme concentrations .
This is the first time that evidence has emerged of the association between higher BPA levels and disease in adults .
The scientists say while their study has identified a statistical association between BPA and adult diseases for the first time , much more research is needed to exclude the small possibility that the association is due to some other unstudied factor , or that people with these diseases somehow become more exposed to BPA - they say it is also unclear whether the liver enzyme changes are linked to liver damage .
Professor David Melzer , Professor of Epidemiology and Public Health at the Peninsula Medical School , who led the study , says it has revealed , for the first time , an association between raised BPA loads and two common diseases in adults but it remains unclear if BPA is the direct cause of the extra cases of heart disease and diabetes - but if it is , some cases of these serious conditions could be prevented by reducing BPA exposure .
Professor Melzer says that this new possible link does not detract from the existing health advice to people on how to prevent heart disease and diabetes .
The research was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Update 10/2015
The breve project , website and this site are no longer maintained since about 2009 , but I still receive inquiries and support requests about the software from time to time .
Though some of the original site content has been lost , I ’ve restored a limited set of the content from the original site , including a link to the OS X breve download for those who are interested .
See also breve .js a much smaller multi-agent simulation toolkit written in JavaScript .
Thanks ,
— jon klein , breve author
www.rileysride.com
Think free drinks are only for scantily - clad woo girls or the regular who ’s been perched on the same stool sipping well whiskey since ’ 88 ?
WRONG .
If you frequent the bar scene ( dirty dive or ulta loungey ) and you ’ve never been included on a bartender ’s buy - back tab , it ’s probably because YOU ARE OFFENSIVE .
Do n’t worry it ’s not your fault … you ’ve just never worked in the restaurant business , have you ?
I braved the business for years , from slingin ’ fish - n - chips at a beach - side pub in SoCal , to hosting bottle service in the posh VIP rooms of Hollywood … to pairing a 300 + wine list with entrees that change daily on the upper east side of Manhattan , to sweeping floors and washing dishes in a greasy diner , to mixing 28 dollar martinis infused with fresh leechees in the West Village — I ’ve done it all .
Over the weekend I saw every unwritten rule in the unwritten book of How Not to be a Total Tool in a Bar broken .
I spent hours biting my tongue and chewing on the sides of my mouth … the behavior of some people is mind - boggling and I wanted to stand up and shout , “ You shameless , inconsiderate tool ! ”
Are they all bad - natured a - holes or are they simply ignorant because they ’ve never held a customer service position in their life ?
I ’m not sure .
What I do know is how it feels to be the one catering to a herd of beligerent jerks , and it ’s a very tough job .
However , it ’s not so tough to fall in the “ good customer ” category and many servers will reward you for it .
Your next round at the bar could be on the house !
In a nutshell here ’s how to avoid being your bartender ’s worst enemy :
COINAGE
NEVER leave change on a bar .
I do n’t care if it ’s a $ 20 tip , if it ’s coinage , it is not welcome
I would rather you not tip me , than leave me a few nickels and dimes on top of a one dollar bill .
It has less to do with the insult factor than it does about the pure inconvenience of having change in the register .
At the end of the night , a bartender has to “ cash out . ”
Cashing out is a short title for the long process of counting money , totaling sales , tipping out , translating revenue and taking inventory .
It ’s tideous and has to be done in the wee hours of the morning after the bar closes … after you ’ve been hustling on your feet for 10 or so hours .
The last thing we want to do is count all your loose change that you did n’t want jingling around in your pocket .
Just do n’t do it .
LOCK IT UP
The bartender is busy , do not speak until spoken to .
Sounds ludicrous , so let me paint a picture for you …
Saturday night my boyfriend and I are throwing back some scotch at a watering hole just outside of the Marina district in San Francisco .
It ’s a casual spot with a long oak bar and old fixtures , it ’s cozy and unpretentious .
Some guy in a suit walks up to the bar and starts waving his hand around like a second grader begging for his teacher to call on him .
The bartender who is pouring a draft beer does not look up .
Suit guy moves , shoving his way between two small clusters of drinkers , so that he is centered at the bartender ’s 12 o’clock .
I ’m captivated .
It ’s like stand - off between two wild animals on the Discovery channel … which creature will strike first ?
I notice 3 paper tickets laid out at the wait station , 2 tickets waiting to be torn from the printer , 2 martini glasses filled with ice and water to the left of me , a pint of Guiness half full to my right , 3 guys are chatting drinkless a the end of the bar , the couple sitting next to us are running low on their wine , and the loud boys seated near the corner just slammed their car bombs .
Suit guy notices none of this .
He has the mentality of , I ’m the customer , I ’m always right , I want to be served .
I watch him sigh and flare his nostrils when the bartender turns away from him to mix a pair of cosmos that will no doubt be poured into the still chilling martini glasses .
Btw … an ice cold martini glass makes a completely different tasting martini .
Every good bartender — or mixologist as some prefer to be called — knows to fill the cone - shaped sipper with water and ice as soon as the martini is ordered .
I begin narrating in a really bad scotch - induced accent to my boyfriend , “ Thee suit man is peesed , he salivights at the soight of hees prey … ” boyfriend lols , I catch the spray of his scotch in the eye , ouch ; it stings like a b—-!
When I get my eyesight back I watch the bartender , he remembers every drink , knows who was there first , and attends to the waiters who are patiently standing by to collect cocktails for the seated patrons .
Due to bartender ’s fair and orderly service , suit guy is forced to wait his turn .
When the bartender smiles he does n’t reciprocate , he walks away with two mixed drinks and does n’t leave a tip .
By the way , who wears a suit on a Saturday anyway ?
What a tool .
TIPPING
Always tip 20 % for good service , 15 % for poor service .
Even if the jerk made you feel like an inconvenience , never stiff .
20 % gratuity on every bill is non-negotiable in my book because it affects the entire establishment .
The money you leave does not go directly into the pocket of your server .
Everyone is required to “ tip out . ”
Your server has to give a certain percentage of the tip to the kitchen , food runners , bartenders , bar - backs , bussers , bathroom attendants , and more .
If you were brought an ice tea instead of an Arnold Palmer , please do n’t get revenge with a lower tip !
TELL YOUR SERVER WHEN IT ’S NOT RIGHT .
Give them a chance to fix it .
If your server is rude or forgets about you , leave 15 % .
Do n’t pull a d - bag move like suit guy and hurt the other people in the restaurant who were a part of your experience and did their jobs correctly .
FRUIT
If you do n’t like the garnish that comes with your drink , order it with “ no fruit . ”
Tossing lime wedges on the bar is a major no -no .
If you feel that the sour flavor contaminates your gin and tonic and you ’ve gotten so used to just taking the lime out of your glass and tossing it down on the nearest surface — PLEASE BREAK THAT HABIT TODAY .
Please ?
It ’s so rude .
This is probably one of the most popular miscommunications between customer and bartender .
You might even think you ’re being cool by not making a “ special ” order , but it ’s not cool .
How do you think those cute little wedges get into their divided trays and into your glass ?
Bartenders spend HOURS dicing them up by hand .
Imagine if YOU spent hours carefully slicing … and you were then forced to watch random people throw your perfectly sectioned lemons , limes , and oranges wedges onto a soiled bar or a littered tabletop ?
It ’s SO painful watch and it ’s guaranteed to happen every night .
If you prefer your drink without the garnish , like I do , order your next drink with “ no fruit ” and your bartender will GREATLY appreciate it .
THE NAPKIN
Your cocktail napkin is not a doily , it is not meant to look precious .
The napkin serves the very important purpose of keeping the moisture in your glass and away from your palm .
( Good luck to you when the hot girl walks up and introduces herself and you ’ve got wet , slimy hands ! )
I find it so odd when I people pick up the drink and leave the square paper it was served on behind .
There ’s also the pick up the drink with one hand and the napkin with the other hand ritual … then when no one in your group is looking , you dump the crumbled tiny ball that used to be a napkin onto the bar .
WE SEE YOU DOING THIS !
OINK OINK
Do n’t be a pig .
If it were up to me all you pigs would stay locked up in your pens .
Unfortunately the oinkers do venture out and the innocent bartender just trying to make rent just has to deal .
There are two kinds of pigs : Dirt Bag Pig and Pervy Pig .
Dirt Bag
Pig breaks all of the rules above ie , leaves 3 quarters on a 34 dollar tab , yells at the bartender for another round and leaves a pile of chewed up straws , crumpled napkins , and sticky limes on the bar when they leave .
The Pervy Pig tips very well , he ’s neat - n- tidy , and he never interupts .
Pervy Pig will , however , straighten up on his stool so he can get a better look at your a– everytime you reach into the cooler to grab another bottle of beer .
Then , while tap - tapping his wedding ring against his glass , you pretend not to notice him undressing you with his eyes .
Please stop hitting on the bartender and telling yourself you ’re not doing anything wrong .
Go home to your wife .
To Pervy Pig who is single : just go home .
FREE COCKTAILS
At the end of the night when boyfriend and I asked for the check we were as grateful as we were surprised to see a buy - back line on our tab .
We only had 3 cocktails a piece , no food , so we only had to pay for 2 drinks .
We thanked the hard - working bartender with a hefty tip .
The bottom line is , while YOU might be on your fun time , the person who is serving you is at work .
Have a little respect .
Consider all of the service workers in the establishment who are trying to survive and support their families .
Do n’t leave your trash laying around , it ’s rude .
Bad bar behavior is always noticed , but never acknowledged , and it will be taken into consideration when it ’s time to comp an appetizer and pass out shots .
Keep these things in mind next time you ’re out - n- about and you could be rewarded just for not being a tool .
www.rileysride.com
What do you do when your throttle cable snaps and your car dies just a short distance from the end of the stage in your rally car race ?
You climb under the hood and operate it manually while your navigator steers .
I do n't see what the big deal is ; I used to drive to work this way all the time .
By myself .
It happened at the Rallye de Serrians in France , the car is a Renault , and the driver 's nuts got very toasty at the end , and that 's all I know .
There 's also some mention in the post about rev limiter abuse ... no idea what that means .
Those wacky french .
Skip ahead to the 2:00 mark in the video below for the silliness .
Click to view Determination , Or Darwin ?
[ Axis Of Oversteer ] Crazy Rally Driver [ Jacqui's Sports Blog ]
Advertisement
If you happen to be the owner of a Toyota Prius , or any other battery - packed hybrid car , you can use it as a surprisingly effective emergency generator .
Advertisement
After a storm knocked out power in his neighborhood , John Sweeney did some characteristic things to keep warm in the chilly Massachusetts winter weather .
His family bundled up , they burned wood , but for lack of an emergency generator to keep the lights on they took advantage of the battery based design of their Prius .
The Harvard Press reports :
Sweeney ran his refrigerator , freezer , TV , woodstove fan , and several lights through his Prius , for three days , on roughly five gallons of gas .
" When it looked like we were going to be without power for awhile , I dug out an inverter ( which takes 12v DC and creates 120v AC from it ) and wired it into our Prius … These inverters are available for about $ 100 many places online , " he wrote .
The device allowed the engine to run every half hour , automatically charging the car battery and indirectly supplying the required power .
Advertisement
While using a car with an inverter as an emergency source of power is no new thing , the combination of the large battery capacity of the hybrid car and it's modest fuel consumption as a generator is genius .
Photo by Beth and Christian .
Ice Storm Tests Mettle of Harvard Residents [ via Gadgetopia ]
Do I look like the blue bird of happiness ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
It 's tempting to believe there are many extremely wealthy ex-entrepreneurs out there eager to swoop in and invest tens of thousands of dollars in your start - up -- even though you 've never met .
But a new book , " Fool 's Gold ?
The Truth Behind Angel Investing in America " by Case Western Reserve University entrepreneurship professor Scott Shane , argues that such " angel " investors are far rarer than most entrepreneurs imagine .
Prof .
Shane analyzed Federal Reserve data and other research on business investments and discovered many ...
Oddly Enough
Bra for boys is bestseller
Posted
Nov. 21 - A bra for men becomes the hottest selling men's underwear item on a Japanese online shopping site .
A study comparing the effects of real and placebo acupuncture on pregnancy rates during assisted reproduction has found that , surprisingly , placebo acupuncture was associated with a significantly higher overall pregnancy rate than real acupuncture .
The study , published online in Europe 's leading reproductive medicine journal Human Reproduction today ( Thursday 13 November ) , looked at real and placebo acupuncture given on the day of embryo transfer in 370 patients in a randomised , double blind trial ( where neither the patients nor the doctors knew which treatment was being given ) . [ 1 ]
The researchers found that the overall pregnancy rate ( defined by a positive urinary pregnancy test ) for placebo acupuncture was 55.1 % , versus 43.8 % for the real acupuncture .
Dr Ernest Hung Yu Ng , Associate Professor in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at the University of Hong Kong ( People 's Republic of China ) , said : " We found a significantly higher overall pregnancy rate following placebo acupuncture when compared with that of real acupuncture .
In addition , there was a trend towards higher rates of clinical pregnancy , ongoing pregnancy , live birth and embryo implantation in the placebo acupuncture group , although the differences did not reach statistical significance . "
The authors say that their results suggest that placebo acupuncture may not act as an inert control for real acupuncture , and that it may be having a real effect .
This theory is supported by the fact that measurements for the receptivity of the uterus and the levels of patient stress changed significantly for both the real and control groups after the women had received the real or placebo acupuncture .
It is difficult to design a suitable control for acupuncture – a treatment that involves the insertion of fine needles into particular points on the body .
In this study , the researchers used a placebo needle that looked identical to a real acupuncture needle , but which was blunt and retracted into the handle of the needle when pressed on the skin , while still giving the appearance and sensation of entering the skin .
A trained acupuncturist applied the placebo to the same acupuncture points as for the real acupuncture .
Dr Ng gave two possible explanations for the results : " Placebo acupuncture is similar to acupressure and therefore is good enough to improve the pregnancy rate .
Or else , it 's possible that real acupuncture may , in some way , reduce the pregnancy rate of acupuncture .
" So far there is no evidence that real acupuncture would adversely affect IVF outcomes because , in a previous meta- analysis of several acupuncture studies , the pregnancy rate was higher in the acupuncture groups than in the control groups .
However , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about this from our current study as we did not compare the two groups with a third control group patients who received neither forms of acupuncture .
Further studies should be conducted to compare placebo or non-invasive acupuncture and controls without acupuncture . "
Dr Ng was the lead author of the previous meta- analysis mentioned here , and an associated sub - group analysis detected a significant improvement in pregnancy rates for acupuncture treatment when it was delivered on the day of embryo transfer , but not if it was given only on the day when the oocytes were retrieved from the women 's ovaries .
However , Dr Ng 's current study takes the research a step forward because it is double blinded .
" The meta - analysis showed that acupuncture on the day of embryo transfer leads to a significantly higher pregnancy rate when compared to controls .
But in the vast majority of the studies included in the meta - analysis , the controls received no acupuncture and the patients were not blinded .
My current study compared real and placebo acupuncture in a double blind setting , which should be the ideal model in research .
However , the results suggest that placebo acupuncture may not be inert . "
Infertile patients can suffer from high levels of stress and anxiety , which can adversely affect the outcome of IVF .
Dr Ng said : " We found a significant decrease in serum cortisol concentration and the anxiety level following placebo and real acupuncture .
Reduction in stress in both groups may also contribute to a better pregnancy rate following placebo and real acupuncture . "
Assessing the sometimes contradictory evidence about the effects of acupuncture on IVF success so far , Dr Ng concluded : " Based on my previous meta - analysis , I believe that acupuncture on the day of embryo transfer can improve the pregnancy rate .
However , there are still some unresolved issues .
The improvement in the pregnancy rates of IVF treatment with acupuncture are higher than that for drugs or other procedures given to enhance the success of this treatment , and the underlying biological mechanism is difficult to explain .
" In addition , the sub - group analysis shows no improvement in the pregnancy rate after acupuncture if the pregnancy rate of the IVF unit was good i.e. achieving a clinical pregnancy rate of more than 28 % per cycle .
In 2005 the pregnancy rate per embryo transfer in our unit was 35 % , so this aspect requires further investigation . "
Source : European Society for Human Reproduction and Embryology
ISLAMABAD ( Reuters ) - A former head of the Pakistani military ’s Inter - Services Intelligence agency said Sunday the United States wants him on a U.N. list of people and organizations linked to al Qaeda and the Taliban .
Long retired , Lieutenant - General Hamid Gul told Reuters the U.S. moves against him began several weeks ago , pre-dating the latest controversy surrounding the ISI .
The agency is currently under scrutiny because of its past links with Lashkar - e - Taiba , the Kashmir jihadi organization that India and U.S. officials suspect supplied the gunmen who killed at least 171 people in a horrifying attack on Mumbai last month .
Gul , a vocal critic of the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan , said Pakistani foreign ministry officials had confirmed to him the United States was trying to put him on the U.N. list .
He said he had asked his government for support .
“ I do n’t know why America is so much after me , ” said the bluff , mustachioed Gul from his home in the military cantonment area of Rawalpindi , the garrison town south of Islamabad .
Lou Fintor , spokesman for the U.S. embassy in Islamabad said he had no information , and added it was government policy not to comment until action had been taken either by the United Nations or the U.S. Treasury ’s Office of Foreign Assets Control .
Pakistani officials could not be contacted .
The News newspaper reported Sunday that Gul was one of five former ISI officers the United States wanted the Security Council to put on the list to freeze their assets .
Gul was director - general of the ISI from 1987 to 1989 , at the end of a mujahideen war , covertly funded by the United States and Saudi Arabia , to drive the Soviet army out of Afghanistan .
It was at the tail - end of this period that Pakistani support began for a separatist movement in Indian Kashmir .
Lashkar - e - Taiba , a group whose leader hails from Sargodha , the same city as Gul , was founded in 1990 .
Gul says he supports the Afghan resistance to Western forces at a moral and academic level , but no more than that .
A regular guest on Pakistani news channels , Gul maintains the September 11 attacks in the United States were more likely the work of a neo - con / zionist conspiracy than al Qaeda .
Speculation among analysts and Western media has bubbled for years that the ISI either secretly supports the Taliban , or there are rogue or retired officers helping the insurgents .
OLD FRIENDS
An old ISI colleague of Gul ’s , Khalid Khawaja said he suspected his was another name the United States aimed to add to the U.N. list .
Khawaja said he kept up with old Taliban and militant contacts , but denied those ties extended to anything illegal .
“ I openly say I have links with these people , ” he said .
In contrast , Gul said he had severed all contact with the Taliban after 2001 , and added that he had never been close to them as his Afghan connections were principally with the old mujahideen commanders from the 1980s .
The News reported that an unsigned two - page document purported that Gul had recent links to the Taliban and al Qaeda .
Gul said he had seen a photocopy of the document and , though it was unsigned and bore no seal , he was sure where it came from .
“ It was their style , I have no doubt that it was an American document , ” said Gul .
The document said Gul had knowledge of the relocation of al Qaeda fighters from Iraq to the Pakistan - Afghan border region this year , and had earlier provided operational advice , financial and material support to the Taliban , and helped in the recruitment of fighters to attack Western forces in Afghanistan .
It also said he had contact with Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud , whose fighters were suspected of assassinating two - time prime minister Benazir Bhutto a year ago .
Gul was ISI chief during Bhutto ’s first government in 1988 - 1990 .
In a letter to then president Pervez Musharraf shortly before her death , Bhutto named Gul among a short - list of enemies who should be investigated if she was killed .
Gul said Bhutto had assured him that she was pressured to put his name in the letter , but she did not say by whom .
This website uses cookies .
We use cookies to remember your preferences such as preferred shipping country and currency , to save items placed in your shopping cart , to track website visits referred from our advertising partners , and to analyze our website traffic .
Privacy Details
Connell Crash ' Oddities '
By Lori Price , www.legitgov.org
22 December 2008
Recently subpoenaed Bush / Rove IT expert is Wellstoned .
Michael Connell 's ill - fated flight originated from airport only 50 people can use .
College Park Airport users are vetted -- including fingerprinting -- in an ' extensive process , ' and there are ' significant limitations ' as to how the airport can be used .
Aero -TV Sepcial Report : Historic College Park Airport Struggles to Stay Alive 02 Apr 2008 ' After 9/11 , hard times came to College Park .
Security issues , the TSA , FAA , a number of government agencies deicided that operating out of College Park presented a danger to the nation .
Or , more specifially , to the nation 's capital .
We still do n't exactly understand how .
But s ince 2001 , well , College Park has pretty much been under lock and key .
You have to be vetted , you have to go through an extensive process -- fingerprinting , background -- you name it .
And then there are significant limitations as to how you can use this airport .
One of the most amazing little airports in the nation , is basically only to be used now by about fifty people at this point that have stuck it out ...'
Connell 's ill - fated flight originated from airport only 50 people can use 02 Apr 2008 College Park Airport , known as the " Cradle of Aviation , " is an active airport serving the needs of aircraft pilots , and is also a site for history buffs and aviation enthusiasts .
In the paranoia that followed the tragedy of 9/11 , the kneejerks in Washington decided that severely restricting a lovely little airport on the outskirts of DC was somehow a major security issue .
College Park Airport Manager Lee Schiek wrote ANN , several years ago , of the travesties foisted upon his and the two other DC airports in the name of national security ...
New !
Pilot killed in plane crash thought plane was sabotaged ( 19 Action News Video ) 21 Dec 2008 ' Friday 's deadly plane crashed near Akron .
We 're hearing the pilot was concerned [ seemed that ] someone was tampering with his plane .
The fatal plane crash of Michael Connell was certainly untimely .
The 45 - year - old local man was accused of rigging the 2004 election for President [ sic ]
Bush , a claim that Connell denied under oath .
But , under close examination , civil attorney Clifford Arnebeck wanted Connell placed under federal protection ...
For Connell was apparently told not to fly his plane , because it might have been sabotaged . '
Check out all these unexpected deaths of people involved with elections By Pokey Anderson 21 Dec 2008
Keep your coincidence caps handy , folks .
People involved in elections and voting machine companies seem very unlucky .
Especially those in Ohio ( 4 of the 7 ) and Georgia ( 2 of the 7 ) .
Recently subpoenaed Bush / Rove IT expert is Wellstoned : Pilot killed as plane crashes in Lake Twp.
-- Witness : ' It blew up and shook the ground a little bit . '
19 Dec 2008 ( OH ) A single - prop , private airplane crashed next to a vacant house on Charolais Street Northwest Friday evening , exploding into flames and killing the pilot .
Michael Connell , 45 , of Bath Township , was alone in the plane , according to State Highway Patrol Lt. Eric Sheppard .
Connell was a prominent Republican political consultant .
He founded New Media Communications in Richfield , which developed campaign Web sites for Republican presidential candidate John McCain and President [ sic ] George W. Bush .
Ohio Attorneys Seek Protection for Mike Connell and his Family against Alleged Threats from Karl Rove 24 Jul 2008 Sources close to the Ohio Corrupt Practices Act / RICO claim sent us a copy of the following letter that asks Attorney General Mukasey for protection for Michael Connell and his family who have been allegedly threatened by Karl Rove .
Rove is believed to be the strategic mastermind behind the Bush 2004 re -[s ] - election campaign and the possible Ohio election improprieties .
The alleged threats appear to be the result of the re-opening , through the Ohio Corrupt Practices Act / RICO claim , of the stalled investigation into the 2004 Ohio Elections .
Stark Co. plane crash : Who was Michael Connell ?
20 Dec 2008 Michael Connell was killed when the Piper Supercub he was piloting crashed three miles short of an Akron - Canton Airport runway .
He leaves behind a wife and four children .
Connell , of Bath Township , is considered to be one of the Republican Party 's top computer experts .
He led the companies that designed websites for the GOP and a virtual who 's - who list of republican political leaders including President [ sic ] George W. Bush , Senator John McCain , as well as national organizations .
Connell developed a host of federal government software and data management systems .
Connell is also said to be a close confidant of the Bush family .
Earlier this year , Connell was subpoenaed to testify in an Ohio federal court regarding voter fraud just days before the November presidential election .
His alleged intimate knowledge of White House and Capitol Hill email systems has been a hot topic of conversation for Washington insiders regarding the Karl Rove / White House email scandal .
Judge throws out suit over GOP committee OAKLAND
An Alameda County judge has thrown out a lawsuit contesting the election to the county 's Republican Central Committee of a handful of supporters of libertarian Ron Paul , a former presidential candidate .
Alameda County Superior Court Judge Frank Roesch rejected a lawsuit by committee Chairman Paul Cummings of Oakland seeking to overturn the election to the committee of a group of Paul supporters and Minutemen .
The opposition group won 12 of the committee 's 30 elected seats in the June 3 election , and Cummings alleged that seven of them did not meet the party membership requirements for candidates .
Rather than rule on the eligibility claim , Roesch in his decision dated Monday declared the lawsuit invalid , saying it was filed after the deadline for contesting the election .
Cummings said Wednesday that the judge " got the law wrong " and that Roesch 's " bizarre interpretation of what an election is certainly surprised me and has our counsel dumbfounded . "
Asked if he plans to appeal , Cummings said he and his attorney are reviewing the case .
The lawsuit was the result of an attempt to win control of the committee by passionate supporters of Paul , the libertarian Republican congressman from Texas who sought the party 's presidential nomination this year and who urges major reductions in government and overseas spending as well as a strict interpretation of the Constitution .
Celebrating the judge 's decision was Walter Stanley III of Livermore , one of the seven defendants .
" We 're looking forward to getting involved with the Republican Party and helping the party to stay on track , " Stanley said .
" The problem is the teaching and the teachers because they cannot find good teachers , " said Islam 's father , Amr Badr Ibrahim .
" The minister of education should be the first person accused .
How can he agree to let such a young man teach children ? "
Japanese researchers have succeeded in creating a cerebral cortex , the part of the brain involved in thinking and motion , from embryonic stem cells , providing hope for future treatment of brain - related diseases . , thus boosting the possibility of future treatment of brain - related diseases .
Yoshiki Sasai and Mototsugu Eiraku , of the government - backed Riken Centre for Developmental Biology in Kobe , Japan have managed to create the part of the brain involved in thinking and motion using stem cells , which have the ability to change into other types of cells .
This is the first time researchers have been able to create brain tissue from other types of cells , reports The Mainichi Daily News .
"
In regenerative therapy , only a limited number of diseases can be cured with simple cell transplants .
Transplanting tissues could raise hopes for greater functional recovery , " the institute said in official statement .
" Cultivated tissues are still insufficient and too small to be used to treat stroke patients .
But study of in - vitro cultivation of more mature cortex tissues , such as those with six zones like in the adult human brain , will be stepped up , " it said .
Findings from the research were published in the online edition of the U.S. journal Cell Stem Cell on Thursday .
A group named Kasio Kristmas made up of Platinum and Gold - winning artists has recorded one of the most experimental Christmas albums I ’ve heard in a long time .
Their album is a collection of traditional Christmas songs which blend nostalgic sounds of 1980 ’s arcade games , New Wave , Synth Rock , Modern Electronica , Chip Tunes , Disco , Jungle , Exotica and Electro Metal .
Each song is a completely different take on various genres , while offering homage to the strange and quirky sounds of the Casio “ instrments ” .
They have all been carefully recorded at 96 k and 24 bit .
The Casio collection includes :
VA -10 , SK - 1 , VL - Tone , SK - 5 , Rapman , SA - 21 , EP - 10 , PT - 07 , CZ - 1 , TA - 10 , DH - 100 , DG - 20 , PG - 380 , Turbo Drive Calculator and Karate Fight .
Special guest “ Ikey ” from “ The Mars Volta ” appears on a track with his own personal array of Casios .
Here is a sample from their CD .
[ audio : http://www.kasiokristmas.com/KK%20Final.mp3]
Their complete CD is available at Amazon .
And of course a video .
( UPDATE : video no longer active )
Claim : Photographs show a Florida man with an 1100 - lb. hog he shot .
Status : True .
Example : [ Collected on the Internet , 2004 ]
BIG HOG !
BIG HOG !
The fellow in the pictures is Larry Earley , He lives about 30 miles from
Orlando , in the very rural community of Okahumpka , just off the Florida
turnpike in Lake County , Florida .
He has 20 acres of land and on it , a few
cows and horses .
Mostly it ’s pasture land that is fenced with woods
surrounding him .
He is neighbored by a larger cattle ranch .
His neighbor has complained for
several years that wild hogs had been raiding his cattle feeders and salt
licks .
Last month he saw what he though was a cow in his pond and went to see if it
was stuck in the mud and would have to be pulled out .
When he got close
enough to realize it was hog , the thing made a charge at him .
He had driven
his truck down to the pond and carries a pistol in it ( as any Florida
redneck would , and I say that with genuine affection ) .
He got his handgun
and when it came at him again , he shot it twice and killed it .
Wild hogs in Florida usually run from 100- 400 pounds with a 400 pounder
being a monster .
Because this one had been feasting on grain for several
years it had grown to mamoth size .
When Larry took it to the processor it
weighed in at over 1100 pounds !
The meat has no wild taste , as it was grain feed and the Larry is quite the
hero .
He has fed may fireman and provided the homeless shelter in downtown
Orlando with a couple of meals .
Variations :
This item also circulates with the name Bob Lancaster in place of Larry Earley , and the geographical references changed to Houston and Texas in place of Florida and Orlando .
Origins :
The photographs displayed above are genuine , and they do show a Florida man who and the very large hog he shot , even if some of the details in the accompanying text were exaggerated or made up by someone else .
We verified the details with Larry Earley himself , who told us :
I shot a log boar hog on August 27 , 2004 .
The pictures you have were taken on my property close to where the hog was
shot .
I have many more photos .
I do not know the origin of the story on the Internet .
It did not come from me .
Half of the details are accurate .
I shot
the hog once with a .44 magnum ( the one in the photo ) .
The hog charged towards me after he was shot but he only covered about 20 feet of ground .
I was 10 yards away when I shot , and I was backing up while keeping the crosshairs on the hog as he was moving towards me .
That is typical with wild hogs , that is what makes them fun to hunt .
I shot a log boar hog on August 27 , 2004 .
The pictures you have were taken on my property close to where the hog wasshot .
I have many more photos .
I do not know the origin of the story on the Internet .
It did not come from me .
Half of the details are accurate .
I shotthe hog once with a( the one in the photo ) .
The hog charged towards me after he was shot but he only covered aboutof ground .
I wasaway when I shot , and I was backing up while keeping the crosshairs on the hog as he was moving towards me .
That is typical with wild hogs , that is what makes them fun to hunt .
The hog was too big for scales that were available to me on a Friday evening ( 500 lb. scales ) , so we decided to let the processor estimate the weight for us .
Smokin’ Oak Sausage Co. in Branford , F , L did the processing for me and he put the weight between 1100 and 1200 lbs .
The tusk on the right side was 8 - 1/4 ″ above the gum line and the right tusk was broken and measured 5 ″ above the gum .
The hide with the head was weighed at 284 lbs .
The taxidermist I am using measured the neck at 42 ″ around and the length from his eye socket to the tip of his nose at 11 - 3/4 ″ .
I just found out about the story on the internet yesterday .
I think that it is hilarious that all of this has been going on .
I ’ll be glad to talk to anyone about my hog .
Last updated : 5 January 2005
As he listened to the sounds of the grandchildren arriving , Hobart prayed that the lock on the bathroom door would hold .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The moment of impact as Jeremy Clarkson 's truck hits the wall at 56mph
Dramatic pictures of Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson deliberately smashing a truck into a wall have been released .
A Top Gear spokeswoman said the star was " quite badly injured " in the stunt , staged , she said , to " see how difficult it was to be a truck driver " .
Mr Clarkson has said he emerged from the accident " in screaming agony " , with bruises to his leg , back and finger , but has since made a good recovery .
Viewers can watch the high - speed smash on Sunday 's episode of Top Gear .
In the programme , Mr Clarkson and his co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May were each given a series of tasks to complete as truck - drivers .
Mr Clarkson was instructed to drive a Renault Magnum lorry through a wall at 56 mph - the vehicle 's maximum legal speed - at a test track near Milton Keynes .
In a recent Sun newspaper column Mr Clarkson described the smash as his first serious road accident for 31 years .
He said he had decided that before being allowed on the road " everyone should be made to drive at high speed into a wall " .
He added : " At the moment , teenagers see Bruce Willis driving his car into a helicopter and imagine that you can get out afterwards and still be well enough to punch a baddy in the face .
The presenter said he could not ' walk , talk or think ' after the smash " This is n't accurate .
I emerged from my high speed head - on impact in what can only be described as screaming agony .
I could n't walk .
I could n't talk .
I could n't think . "
His injuries included an index finger that looked like " a burst sausage " and heavy bruising to his shin and back .
He wrote : " Everyone should experience this before they are given a licence .
" It would let them know that crashes really really hurt and that it would be a good idea to not have one . "
Hammond smash
In 2006 Mr Clarkson 's fellow Top Gear presenter Richard Hammond was badly injured when the jet - powered car he was driving crashed at high speed during filming for the BBC show .
He recovered and remains a host on the show .
Although an investigation by the Health and Safety Executive spotted failings in the BBC 's risk assessment procedures , no prosecution was launched against the corporation .
Speaking about the latest high - speed crash , the Top Gear spokeswoman said : " Before the stunt was carried out a full health and safety assessment was carried out .
" Jeremy has made a full recovery . "
The new Top Gear series begins on Sunday 2 November on BBC Two at 2000 GMT .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
It was a good day to be in the newspaper business .
The historic November 5 editions proclaiming Barack Obama ’s White House victory flew off the newsstands and major newspapers struggled to keep up with the demand for copies .
Those who did n’t rise early enough or who lacked the foresight to keep up their subscriptions to the print editions could find them online , but at a steep price .
By early on Wednesday evening , nearly 800 sellers offered copies for sale on eBay .
Print newspapers have seen declining readership in recent years , forcing newsroom cutbacks , as more readers turn to Internet sources for news .
But on such a historic occasion , traditional newspapers had their day .
“ This kind of demand for our newspapers is unlike anything we ’ve experienced in recent history , ” Tribune Co Chief Operating Officer Randy Michaels said in a statement .
“ This is a clear demonstration that people continue turning to their local newspaper to help them understand and interpret the news of the day , and that is especially true when big events happen , ” he said .
The New York Times and The Washington Post put out special commemorative editions when readers clamored for more -- there just were n’t enough to go around .
Newspapers in San Francisco , Denver and Chicago reported selling out and also printed special editions .
Thousands of extra copies were printed in Baltimore , Hartford , Connecticut , and Orlando , Florida .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
Bids on eBay for The New York Times with its banner headline “ Obama ” were up to $ 400 by early Wednesday evening .
The Washington Post ’s “ Obama Makes History ” edition was bid up to $ 41 .
Obama ’s hometown papers the Chicago Tribune and Chicago Sun-Times were offered together on eBay at a comparative bargain price of $ 50 .
The Tribune featured a nearly full - page color photo of Obama with the headline “ Obama , Our Next President ” and the Sun - Times showed a full - page photograph of Obama that said simply “ Mr. President . ”
“ It ’s Obama , ” proclaimed the Los Angeles Times , which decided to keep its presses running to meet demand from the steady stream of people who came to its offices to buy papers .
It printed at least 100,000 extra copies .
Still , it was offered in one eBay auction for $ 40 .
One optimistic seller offered immediate purchase of The Charlotte Observer of Charlotte , North Carolina , for $ 2,000 .
As far as I could tell from listening to a synopsis on NPR , the most interesting aspect of Creative Capitalism boils down to a conversation between Bill Gates and Warren Buffett .
Gates , whose company made vast profits when it created a niche and shut out competition , thinks that corporations should spare some of their resources for charity .
Buffett , who managed a firm that thrived in a fiercely competitive environment , thinks that donating corporate resources to charity amounts to stealing from shareholders .
I hope it will not shock readers to reveal I side with Warren Buffett .
Wonderful as it sounds when that people like Bill Gates finally realize that he could never spend all his money ( I bet he thought about it ) , his initiative has the look of a food - sick morbidly obese man weighing whether to donate some leftovers .
Corporate philanthropy , at least the systematic version proposed by people like Gates , strikes me less as a great idea than a depressing symptom of a second gilded age .
Andrew Carnegie ’s huge gifts was nice but America still won when we changed the system to make them unnecessary .
Modern noblesse oblige , insofar as it survives the looming depression , is mostly a sign of how far our economic system has decayed from whatever high water mark we hit in the mid 20th century .
It may sound weird from an unapologetic liberal , but some days I feel like one of the few capitalists in America .
I think the job of private enterprise is to make money , and as far as I ’m concerned that is a good thing .
I think that free enterprise helped win the cold war .
However , supporting capitalism means more than some Randroid fantasy of benevolent merchant overlords .
You expect a private business to serve the public good like you hope that the hospital IT guy can remove an appendix .
There might be some who can , but it hardly seems fair given his job description .
The key point is that believing in capitalism should mean supporting the idea of separate domains .
The domain of private business has nothing to do with the public interest .
That is the government ’s job .
Building on that point , I do n’t blame tobacco executives or wall street traders for looking after their shareholders and their own fat parachutes .
Like Gordon Gekko
I do n’t think that greed is anything shameful in business .
What else motivates a successful executive ?
I suppose if we added up people motivated by a passion for floor tile , radio components , empire building , showing up the rest of the high school reunion and changing the way America works with fiber - based insulation we might run a decent sized city .
For the rest of the country greed will have to do .
The job of business is to make money .
That is greed , and it ’s fine .
Liberals and , these days , practically everyone who blames a crisis on ‘ greed ’ either have no idea what they are talking about ( liberals ) , or they are making pointless noise from the food hole to head off useful discussion ( Republicans ) .
Greed only breaks the system when the other domain falls asleep at the switch .
If the public interest depends on tobacco companies disclosing the carcinogenic addictives in their product or Wall Street execs not leveraging each other to the point of catastrophe then it is the job of government to mandate those things .
It is silly to expect a business to sacrifice for the long - term public good if that means that in the short term the business will lose market share and replace its executives .
At the risk of belaboring an obvious point private business is good and even vital , but it is only good for the things that it is good at .
Schemes that interfere with the appropriate domains of business and government , whether it comes from overstuffed entrepreneurs like Bill Gates or appeals by Republicans to the benevolent self - regulating magic of private enterprise , unnecessarily complicate what should be a fairly simple picture .
Such efforts inevitably get ignored ( Gates ) or else they destroy the same system that they naively fetishize ( Republicanism , with an assist from Clintonomics ) .
' ABANDONED ' : Siddall died after a series of hospital blunders
Paul Parry , 25 , walked free after a jury heard how it was “ likely ” Arnold Siddall would have survived his injuries had he not been “ abandoned ” by medical staff .
Mr Siddall , 47 , suffered a fractured skull when he was pushed over and knocked unconscious during a row with Mr Parry outside a wine bar .
He was taken to hospital but was allowed to leave twice within a 12 - hour period because they thought he was drunk .
On the second occasion , he was placed in a wheelchair and left on a grassed area by security staff because he was being “ disruptive ” .
CCTV footage showed Mr Siddall kneeling on the floor with his head in his hands .
On another occasion he was seen sitting on a wall in the grounds before rolling to the floor .
It was only when police arrived at the hospital and Mr Siddall collapsed in the back of a police van that he was taken back and treated .
He died two days later after suffering brain damage .
Consultant neurologist Professor John Pickard said it was “ likely ” Mr Siddall would have lived if he had been treated during either of his two admissions to the Royal Oldham Hospital last September .
Mr Parry , of Manchester , who works for an engineering company , was later arrested and charged with manslaughter but cleared at Manchester Crown Court .
In a statement last night , he said : “ This has been a terrible ordeal for myself and my family as well as the family of the Mr Siddall .
The last 14 months have been a nightmare for me and I am just glad it is over . ”
He claimed Mr Siddall was “ aggressive , swearing and very angry ” when he pushed him but insisted he did not mean to cause any injury .
Mr Justice Openshaw called for an urgent investigation into the hospital ’s failure to treat Mr Siddall .
He said : “ The circumstances in which he was left , one might say abandoned , in the hospital grounds by the security staff strongly suggest to me that he did not receive the care to which he was entitled . ”
Dr. Muslin recommends that every patient suffering from underbites , TMJ problems , premature aging , poor facial profiles , and overbite conditions choose non-invasive VENLAY ® Restorations .
There is far less pain , no drugs , no recovery , no drilling down your healthy teeth and stunning cosmetic benefits .
Dr. Muslin and his experienced team perform the Face Lift Dentistry ® method to restore bad bites in about a month and it only takes 2 visits for those patients flying in from other states or countries .
This treatment can optimize your “ first impression ” , help you look years younger and can boost your “ first impressions ” .
The Face Lift Dentistry ® method utilizes JawTrac® Jaw Alignment for the optimum jaw position and VENLAY ® Bite Restoration to correct the bite .
This treatment is exclusively available from Dr. Sam Muslin at his dental office in Santa Monica , CA .
10th December 2008 , 01:26 am
In a previous post , I presented a fundamental reason why classic FRP does not fit interactive behavior , which is that the semantic model captures only the influence of time and not other input .
I also gave a simple alternative , with a simple and general model for temporal and spatial transformation , in which input behavior is transformed inversely to the transformation of output behavior .
The semantic model I suggested is the same as used in “ Arrow FRP ” , from Fruit and Yampa .
I want , however , a more convenient and efficient way to package up that model , which is the subject of the post you are reading now .
Next , we took a close look at one awkward aspect of classic FRP for interactive behavior , namely the need to trim inputs , and how trimming relates to comonadic FRP .
The trim function allows us to define multi-phase interactive behaviors correctly and efficiently , but its use is tedious and is easy to get wrong .
It thus fails to achieve what I want from functional programming in general and FRP in particular , which is to enable writing simple , natural descriptions , free of mechanical details .
The current post hides and automates the mechanics of trimming , so that the intent of an interactive behavior can be expressed directly and executed correctly and efficiently .
As before , I ’ll adopt two abbreviations , for succinctness :
type B = Behavior type E = Event
Safe and easy trimming
Previously , I defined an interactive cat behavior as follows :
cat3 :: B World -> B
Cat cat3 world = sleep world `switcher` ( ( uncurry prowl < $> trimf wake world ) `mappend` ( uncurry eat < $> trimf hunger world ) )
I ’d really like to write the following
-- ideal : cat4 = sleep `switcher` ( ( prowl < $> wake ) `mappend` ( eat < $> hunger ) )
Let ’s see how close we can get .
I can see right off I ’ll have to replace or generalize switcher .
For now , I ’ll replace it :
switcherf :: ( B i -> B o ) -> ( B i -> E ( B i -> B o ) ) -> ( B i -> B o )
This function will have to manage trimming :
bf `switcherf` ef = i -> bf i `switcher` ( uncurry ( $ ) < $> trimf ef i )
I wo n’t have to replace mappend , since it ’s a method and so can have a variety of types .
In this case , mappend applies to a function from behaviors to events .
Fortunately , the function monoid is exactly what we need :
instance Monoid b => Monoid ( a -> b ) where mempty = const mempty f `mappend` g = a -> f a `mappend` f b
or the more lovely standard form for applicative functors :
instance Monoid b => Monoid ( a -> b ) where mempty = pure mempty mappend = lift A2 mappend
The use of ( <$ > ) ( i.e. , fmap ) in cat4 above wo n’t work .
We want instead to fmap inside the result of a function from behaviors to events .
Using the style of semantic editor combinators , we get the following definition , which is fairly close to our ideal :
cat4 = sleep `switcherf` ( ( result.fmap ) prowl wake `mappend` ( result.fmap ) eat hunger )
Generalized switching
To generalize switcher , introduce a new type class :
class Switchable b e where switcher :: b -> e b -> b
The original Reactive switcher is a special case :
instance Switchable ( B a ) E where switcher = R.switcher
We can switch among tuples and among other containers of switchables .
For instance ,
instance ( Functor e , Switchable b e , Switchable b' e ) =>
Switchable ( b , b ' ) e where ( b , b ' ) `switcher` e = ( b `switcher` ( fst < $> e ) , b' `switcher` ( snd < $> e ) )
Temporal values
Looking through the examples above , all we really had to do with the input behavior was to compute all remainders .
I used
duplicate :: B a -> B ( B a )
More generally ,
class Temporal a where remainders :: a -> B a
Behaviors and events are included as a special case ,
instance Temporal ( B a ) where remainders = duplicate instance Temporal ( E a ) where remainders = ...
Temporal values combine without losing their individuality , which allows efficient change - driven evaluation as in Simply efficient functional reactivity :
instance ( Temporal a , Temporal b ) =>
Temporal ( a , b ) where remainders ( a , b ) = remainders a `zip` remainders b
Similarly for other triples and other data structures .
Sometimes it ’s handy to carry static information along with dynamic information .
Static types can be made trivially temporal :
instance Temporal Bool where remainders = pure instance Temporal Int where remainders = pure -- etc
With this Temporal class , the trimming definitions above have more general types .
trim :: Temporal i => E o -> i -> E ( o , i ) trimf :: Temporal i => ( i -> E o ) -> ( i -> E ( o , i ) )
As does function switching :
switcherf :: ( Temporal i , Switchable o E ) => ( i -> o ) -> ( i -> E ( i -> o ) ) -> i -> o
Types for functional interactive behavior
We ’ve gotten almost to my ideal cat definition .
We cannot , however , use switcher or ( < $ > ) here with functions from behaviors to behaviors , because the types do n’t fit .
To cross the last gap , let ’s define new types corresponding to the idioms we ’ve seen repeatedly above .
-- First try type i :~> o = BI ( B i -> B o ) type i :-> o = EI ( B i -> E o )
Or , using type composition :
-- Second try type ( :~ >) i = (->) ( B i ) :. B type ( :->) i = (->) ( B i ) :.
E
The advantage of type composition is that we get some useful definitions for free , including Functor and Applicative instances .
However , there ’s a problem with both versions .
They limit us to a single behavior as input .
A realistic interactive environment has many inputs , including a mixture of behaviors and events .
In Yampa , that mixture is combined into a single behavior , leading to two difficulties :
The distinction between behaviors and events gets lost , as well as ( I think ) accurate and minimal - latency event detection and response .
The bundled input environment changes whenever any component changes , leading to everything getting recomputed and redisplayed when anything changes .
To avoid these problems , I ’ll take a different approach .
Generalize inputs from behaviors to arbitrary Temporal values , which include behaviors , events and tuples and structures of temporal values .
The types for interactive behaviors and interactive events are
type ( :~ >) i = (->) i :. B type ( :->) i = (->) i :. E
So i :~> o is like i ->
B o , and i :-> o is like i -> E o .
Switching for interactive behaviors wraps the switcherf function from above :
instance Temporal i => Switchable ( i :~> o ) ( ( :->) i ) where switcher = in O2 $ bf ef -> bf `switcherf` ( result.fmap ) unO ef
The inO2 and unO functions from TypeCompose just manipulate newtype wrappers .
See Prettier functions for wrapping and wrapping .
This definition is actually more general than the type given here .
For instance , it can be used to switch between interactive events as well as interactive behaviors .
To see the generalization , first abstract out the commonality between ( :~ > ) and ( :->) :
type i :->. f = ( ->) i :. f type ( :~ >) i = i :->.
B type ( :->) i = i :->. E
The same instance code but with a more general type :
instance ( Temporal i , Switchable ( f o ) E ) => Switchable ( ( i :->. f ) o ) ( ( :->) i ) where switcher = in O2 $ bf ef -> bf `switcherf` ( result.fmap ) unO ef
We can also switch between interactive collections of behaviors and events , though not with the ( :->. ) wrapping .
Where are we ?
Almost all of the pieces are in place now .
Another post will relate input trimming to the time transformation of interactive behaviors , as discussed in Why classic FRP does not fit interactive behavior .
Also , how interactive FRP relates to Sequences , segments , and signals .
In a previous post , I presented a fundamental reason why classic FRP does not fit interactive behavior , which is that the semantic model captures only the influence of time and ...
The phenomenon was surprised a few people in Birmingham , Alabama , and is called the Kelvin - Helmholtz instability .
Event occurs when a cloud at high speed and low density moves more slowly over one with a higher density , thus creating the effect of waves .
Clouds form of waves arising from the currents of air moving at different speeds and in different directions .
Let me fill you in on something we 've learned in the past year : PC gamers do not like DRM .
EA was reminded of this the hard way , and every PC release that includes SecuROM inspires legions of gamers to claim that they 'll refuse to buy the game because of the program 's inclusion .
Ubisoft has heard you , and the retail , boxed version of Prince of Persia on the PC has absolutely no copy protection .
It 's doubtful the company is doing this out of the goodness of its heart , however .
" You 're right when you say that when people want to pirate the game they will but DRM is there to make it as difficult as possible for pirates to make copies of our games , " Community Manager UbiRazz wrote on the official forum .
" A lot of people complain that DRM is what forces people to pirate games but as PoP PC has no DRM we 'll see how truthful people actually are .
Not very , I imagine . "
He goes on to note that only retail copies are DRM - less , since the Steam - bought version will , of course , to be tied to Steam 's authentication system .
Ubisoft has already had its eye blackened a few times recently when it comes to DRM and piracy .
Assassin's Creed suffered from a shoddy PC port , and the game constantly tried to authenticate online , causing problems for players who bought the game .
" The address is 216.98.48.53:3074 random local , 3 attempts every 75 seconds , registering to Ubisoft in Ontario .
DRM messing with honest patrons again ... as long as the game is running it will keep hammering away at that address , " one forum member wrote .
Gamers often had to shut off their Internet connection to play the game .
In another case , a patch for Rainbow Six Vegas 2 broke the game for some people ; the game asked for the CD to be placed in the drive , and of course players who purchased the game online had no disc .
Ubisoft 's solution ?
Copy a CD crack from a warez group and issue it as a patch .
If you can't beat pirates , you can at least take their work and pass it on as a cheap way to fix your messes .
The irony was delicious , but gamers were not amused .
So what will happen with Prince of Persia ?
The game will be pirated .
The game would have been pirated no matter what DRM was placed in the game , naturally , but by removing DRM and waiting for the title to hit the torrents , Ubisoft has given itself an out whenever they 're taken to task over DRM in the future .
" We tried removing it , and we lost money ! " will be an easy answer from now on .
The remarks from the Community Manager already sound surly and antagonistic , as if the company is simply waiting to get ripped off to prove its own point .
Ubisoft could let the pirates do their thing and remove the DRM without framing it as a challenge to the community — rarely is a pirated copy a lost sale — but that 's asking a lot from an industry that continues to see its customers as guilty until proven innocent .
We 'll be waiting for the inevitable " we told you so " press release from Ubisoft .
As we wrote in October when Google revealed the product road map for their cloud computing product App Engine , one of the things Google is aiming to have online by early next year is a pricing model for developers to purchase extra resources .
It has been difficult for developers to budget for App Engine without knowing how it compares to other cloud hosting platforms in terms of cost .
Today , Google hinted at the App Engine pricing model with a sneak preview on their blog .
Though specifics on the actual costs of App Engine are likely to change before the billing system opens its doors next year , Google did talk about how the system will work .
The billing system for App Engine will operate similar to the system in place at AdWords .
Developers will set a daily budget for their app , which can be allocated on a granular level across bandwidth , CPU , and storage .
Google currently offers its service for free with daily usage quotas .
According to a screenshot of the beta interface for the new billing manager that Google released today ( below ) , the free quotas will still be around after Google implements the billing system next year .
Google will only dip into your daily budget if and when your app exceeds its free quota .
Also released today , a system status monitoring site and a quota monitoring dashboard .
The uptime monitoring site was part of Google ’s Q1 plans for App Engine that we reported on in October .
Also included on the roadmap , a service for storing and serving large files , datastore import and export utility for large datasets , and support for a new runtime language .
By / October 6 , 2008 /
Check out this sly campaign developed by Karsh \Hagan to try and grab up the Pearl Izumi account when , we suppose , CP+B let go of the Boulder - based shoe brand they ’d been working on in exchange for Nike .
( See Crispin ’s work here as a reminder . )
Apparently , the posters were mailed to the client ’s offices and the site backed up the messaging .
We love when shops do this kind of thing and we ’d love to see more of it out there .
It shows hunger , confidence and cut - throat competitiveness .
The effort won Bronze at the ADCD show in the Guerrilla / Non-traditional Media / Campaign category .
How ’s it hit you ?
NEW DELHI 
A series of apparently synchronized explosions tore through four towns in the troubled state of Assam in northeastern India on Thursday , killing at least 74 people and leaving about 350 wounded , according to witnesses and the police .
The bombs were aimed at crowded markets and government buildings like courts and police stations , witnesses said .
The attacks , among the bloodiest in recent months , left streets littered with bodies and the wreckage of cars and motorcycles , according to witnesses and photographers at the scene .
There were no immediate reports that any group had taken responsibility for the bombings .
For many years , Assam State has been riven by a separatist insurgency led by the United Liberation Front of Assam , which demands independence for this region of some 26 million people and is often blamed by the authorities for bombings .
Last month , ethnic clashes left 57 people dead in the area when indigenous Bodos fought with Bengali - speaking Muslims .
According to witnesses and the police , at least nine blasts rocked the four towns attacked on Thursday , including three in the state capital , Guwahati .
One of the bombs there had been left in the parking lot of the district court .
Percy Ross , the Minnesota junk dealer ’s son who made and lost fortunes but found his greatest joy in doling out silver dollars from the money he kept while smiling for the cameras , has died .
He was 84 .
Ross , author of the syndicated advice and cash giveaway column “ Thanks a Million ” from 1983 to 1999 and host of a companion radio show in the 1990s , died of natural causes Nov. 10 at his home in Minneapolis .
Often delivering checks personally , Ross gave $ 200 or $ 300 to fix a leaky roof , replace a stolen artificial arm or buy new lingerie for an elderly woman embarrassed to die in her worn - out underwear .
He freely handed a silver dollar to anybody who interviewed or photographed him and to many who wrote .
But he minced no words in rejecting requests that he pay rent , medical or utility bills or credit card debts -- all something he believed the debtor should pay himself .
Advertisement
“ You know my motto , do n’t you ? ” he told a Times interviewer in 1987 .
“ He who gives while he lives also knows where it goes .
. . .
I ’m having a ball , the time of my life . ”
Ross wound down the column and closed his wallet two years ago , saying he had accomplished his goal of giving away his fortune .
He estimated that he had handed out about $ 30 million , and told his faithful readers of the 800 daily and weekly newspapers in which the column ran :
“ You have given me so much over the years .
In many respects , I ’m far richer today than when I started . ”
Not one of Ross ’ gifts was anonymous , which earned him brickbats as well as praise .
“ I do n’t like anonymous givers , ” he told The Times .
“ I think you should let the word out . ”
Advertisement
Besides , he told anybody who would listen , “ I like to see the smile . ”
Exercising his passion earned Ross a lot of bad publicity in his hometown Minneapolis newspapers , which never carried his column .
( Neither did the Los Angeles Times , but among those that did are the New York Daily News , the Philadelphia Inquirer and the Denver Post . )
Ross ’ demeanor , wrote a Times reporter in 1987 , was : “ I ’m rich .
I ’m warmhearted .
I ’m wonderful .
How many frames of film are left in the camera ? ”
One of Ross ’ stunts , which helped earn a publicist ’s assessment of him as “ self - promoting and a bit vulgar , ” was tossing out 16,500 silver dollars from the back seat of a convertible as he rode in the 1978 Minneapolis Aquatennial Torchlight Parade .
An eager crowd swarmed the route , wreaking havoc .
Advertisement
Similar early philanthropies , such as throwing a $ 25,000 steak - and - champagne dinner for airport skycaps in 1977 because “ they were always nice to me when I was poor , ” won further criticism .
After Ross started his column , he was labeled everything from Daddy Warbucks of the Modern Age to Miss Lonelyhearts with the Dough and the Dear Abby of the Downtrodden .
He was called a flamboyant , compulsive philanthropist .
Ross clearly loved publicity as much as personally expressed gratitude .
He carefully stored and often perused videotapes of every public giveaway and every television show on which he appeared , including “ Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous , ” as well as bales of newspaper and magazine clippings .
In 1987 he published his autobiography , “ Ask for the Moon and Get It . ”
Advertisement
Growing up poor in the copper country surrounding Laurium , Mich . , he helped his immigrant parents by peddling eggs on his sled .
He saved up 1,050 pennies but never had enough for a new bike .
His father bought him a used clunker for $ 3 when he was 13 .
That number of inadequate pennies in his savings jar stayed with him .
He used it to bet in Las Vegas , where he met his wife , Laurian .
And in 1977 , he gave new bikes to 1,050 poor children in Minneapolis as the finale of a party on Christmas Eve .
Ross , who grew up devising get - rich - quick schemes , started in the fur business , trading muskrat and mink pelts in Duluth , Minn .
He made one fortune and lost it .
He went on to auction heavy equipment and later government surplus goods , chalking up more booms and busts .
But in 1958 , Ross bought a small plastic bag company in Eau Claire , Wis. , for $ 30,000 .
After plunging into bankruptcy , he turned the firm around and in 1969 sold Poly - Tech Corp. , maker of Tuffy bags , for $ 8 million .
Advertisement
Ross divided the money among his hard - working family - - $ 2 million each for his wife , sons Steven and Larry and himself .
He invested his share , and also acquired B.F. Nelson Co. , a manufacturer of paper boxes .
And Ross , whose personal fortune has been estimated at more than $ 20 million , vowed to give it all away .
( Ashamed of his poor boyhood clothing and lack of conveyances , he did indulge in a lavish wardrobe , richly decorated offices and homes and a fleet of luxury cars . )
Loyal to those who had been loyal to him from the beginning when he felt scorned by the copper barons , Ross threw a party for 1,500 childhood friends and gave away a top prize of a gold Cadillac .
He planned another lavish party for half a dozen couples who had been his closest friends and gave each wife a mink coat -- fulfilling a promise he had made when they admired his wife ’s fur 14 years earlier .
Advertisement
But he needed a more organized way to hand out his money .
The bicycle party led to that .
The next day , Christmas Day , former Vice President Hubert H. Humphrey called from his sickbed shortly before his death and told Ross : “ When you gave those bicycles to those children , it was the greatest act of kindness I ’ve ever seen .
You should be writing a newspaper column , like Dear Abby and Ann Landers , and people should know you ’re available .
. . .
Joy , joy , joy , and thanks a million for being such a nice guy . ”
When Ross began the weekly column seven years later for Register Tribune Syndicate , he called it “ Thanks a Million . ”
Of the 2,000 letters he received daily toward the end -- mostly requests for handouts , a few offers to contribute and notes of gratitude -- Ross best liked reading the thank - you notes .
Advertisement
Thanks , after all , seemed worth more to him than money .
Diabetes UK advised against seeking vitamin supplements at this stage Doses of vitamin B1 ( thiamine ) can reverse early kidney disease in people with type 2 diabetes , research shows .
The team from Warwick University tested the effect of vitamin B1 , which is found in meat , yeast and grain , on 40 patients from Pakistan .
The treatment stopped the loss of a key protein in the urine , the journal Diabetologia reports .
Charity Diabetes UK called the results " very promising " - but said it was too early for any firm conclusions .
The latest findings build on earlier work by the Warwick University team , showing that many diabetes patients have a deficiency of thiamine .
According to the researchers , this cheap and readily available supplement could benefit most people with diabetes - both type 1 and type 2 - as between 70 % and 90 % of people with diabetes are thiamine deficient .
In diabetes the small blood vessels in the body can become damaged .
We would not advise that people look to vitamin supplements to reduce their risk of kidney complications at this stage
Dr Iain Frame of Diabetes UK
When the blood vessels that supply blood to the kidneys are involved , the kidneys stop working correctly and important proteins , such as albumin , are lost from the blood into the urine .
A third of the patients in the study saw a return to normal urinary albumin excretion after being treated with high dose ( 300 mg ) thiamine taken orally each day for three months .
The experts say thiamine works by helping protect cells against the harmful effects of the high blood sugar levels found in diabetes .
Lead researcher Professor Paul Thornalley said : " This is the first study of its kind and suggests that correcting thiamine deficiency in people with diabetes with thiamine supplements may provide improved therapy for early - stage kidney disease . "
They plan more work to confirm their findings .
Dr Iain Frame of Diabetes UK said : " Diabetes UK hopes a large clinical trial will be possible as results so far are very promising .
" However , we would like to stress that it 's still too early to come to any firm conclusions about the role of vitamin B1 and we would not advise that people look to vitamin supplements to reduce their risk of kidney complications at this stage . "
A person should be able to get all the thiamine they need from a normal healthy diet .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SODDY - DAISY , Tennessee ( CNN ) -- Kat Koonce loves her Saturns .
She owns three , and has pictures of them on Saturnfans.com , where she is one of almost 2,500 Saturn devotees who 've posted photo albums of their vehicles .
Saturn owners show off their Sky roadsters after a Christmas parade in Soddy - Daisy , Tennessee , on Sunday .
Judy Pearson shows off a photo album of her Saturn Sky roadster the way a grandmother might show off one of her grandchildren -- pictures of vacations and happy times together .
The women are exactly the kind of customers General Motors was looking for when it introduced the Saturn brand two decades ago as " a different kind of car company . "
The brand 's slogan is now one word -- " rethink " -- but its fate may soon be summed up in another -- " done . "
General Motors has raised the prospect of eliminating the nameplate as it tries to restructure to regain profitability .
" I just ca n't stand the thought of them doing away with Saturn , " said Dianne Pollard of Hixson , Tennessee .
She created the Sky Club of Chattanooga , dedicated to the sporty two - seater .
General Motors has n't officially announced the end of Saturn , but in a restructuring plan submitted to Congress , the automaker said it would concentrate resources on four core brands -- Chevrolet , Cadillac , Buick and GMC .
That leaves Saturn , along with GM's Pontiac , Saab and Hummer brands , with a dim future .
See how Saturn owners are devoted to their vehicles »
Pollard drove her black 2008 RedLine ( that 's Saturn 's name for a turbo )
Sky in Sunday 's Christmas parade in Soddy - Daisy , Tennessee , northeast of Chattanooga .
Fellow Hixson residents and Sky devotees Connie Terrell ( red 2007 RedLine ) and Pearson ( dark blue 2007 standard edition ) were there , too .
All three have owned other , more sedate Saturns than the Sky , which Edmunds.com praises for " sharp styling , low price and everyday comfort " and Car and Driver.com calls a " mini- Corvette " at around half the price .
They were joined by George and Brenda Holloway , who drove their 2007 Sky almost 100 miles from their farm in Centre , Alabama , to join in the parade .
" We thoroughly enjoy the Saturn .
Our next vehicle , when we buy one , will be a Saturn , " Brenda Holloway said .
" This is the only car I 've ever owned that you can be driving down the interstate and people pull up beside you and take a picture of it , " her husband , a retired 20 - year Army veteran , said with amusement - tinged pride .
But it 's not just the cars -- including the original S series sedans and coupes -- that turn people into " Saturnistas " ; it 's also the pleasant buying experience and over - the - top customer service .
" It 's a family .
It 's the Saturn family .
And you become part of that family , " Pearson said .
All three Sky owners from Hixson had stories to tell about a sales consultant who went the extra mile or a service call that exceeded their expectations .
Pearson said she has owned many makes of cars , including foreign nameplates , and Saturn 's treatment of customers beats them all .
" The best experience I 've ever had was with Saturn , bar none , " she said .
Koonce , of Dayton , Ohio , used to feel that way , too .
But Koonce now says GM might as well kill off the brand , because that would be preferable to the slow death she sees as inevitable .
Saturn sold slightly more than 8,000 cars in November and has delivered about 175,000 this year .
That 's a far cry from the half a million GM had hoped to sell each year when it introduced Saturn .
Koonce said she fell in love with Saturn before she was old enough to drive .
She became such a familiar figure at her local Saturn dealer and so knowledgeable about its lineup that she was hired as a sales consultant .
She and her husband , Nick , met at a Saturn owners ' event , their wedding was a Saturn owners ' event , and they have owned six Saturns between them .
They have brought numerous relatives and friends " into the Saturn cult , " said Nick , whose dream is to own a Saturn dealership .
Saturn sales November 2008 deliveries : 8,130
November 2007 deliveries : 15,105
Change : down 46.2 %
2008 Jan. - Nov. deliveries : 175,434
2007 Jan. - Nov. deliveries : 221,895
Change : down 20.9 %
Source : Saturn Corp .
Saturn was conceived in the early 1980s as a separate - standing division of GM , with then - unheard - of features :
• an innovative new plant in Spring Hill , Tennessee ;
• a separate agreement with the United Auto Workers that embraced more teamwork between union and management ;
• the use of plastics instead of metal for many body parts ;
• and a highly personalized consumer experience , including no -haggle buying and " Homecomings , " a sort of family reunion for Saturn owners at the Spring Hill campus .
The first Saturn came off the Spring Hill assembly line on July 30 , 1990 .
Unfortunately , Kat Koonce said , GM has abandoned what made Saturn different .
The cars are now made of metal , and the models all have twins in other GM divisions .
Even the original Spring Hill factory has been converted to build Chevrolets instead of Saturns ; the Saturn VUE is built in Mexico .
So disillusioned was Koonce that she quit her job at the Saturn dealership and went back to college .
" It was a success that became a failure , " she said .
Walter S. McManus , the head of the Automotive Analysis Division of the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute , says he could see it coming .
" Brand loyalty is overrated , " McManus stated flatly .
" It is costly to do all the fuzzies , and Saturn 's example is clear that it does n't pay off for what is essentially an economy - car company .
Women especially appreciated the Saturn way , but Honda sells more cars to women , despite having a less female - friendly approach . "
Do n't tell that to Charlie Eickmeyer , who runs the Saturnfans Web site and has posted a " Save Saturn " petition for the site 's 35,000 members to sign .
And do n't tell the Sky Club of Chattanooga .
" I think Saturn really is a different kind of car company , and that is what has brought me back to them , " Pearson said .
All About General Motors Corporation • Saturn Sky
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
The Iraqi journalist who hurled his shoes at President George W. Bush has won some hearts in neighboring Iran , where one cleric dubbed the act " the shoe intifada ( rebellion ) . "
Palestinian journalists protest Thursday in support of shoe - throwing Muntadhar al - Zaidi .
Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati -- leading Friday prayers in Tehran -- hailed journalist Muntadhar al - Zaidi's now - famous fling last Sunday , when Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki were holding a news conference in Baghdad .
His remarks -- reported by Iran 's state - run Islamic Republic News Agency -- reflect the support many Middle East people have shown for al - Zaidi , an Iraqi correspondent for Egypt - based Al - Baghdadia TV .
" The shoe intifada in Iraq should not be overlooked easily , " he said .
" Well done to the Iraqi journalist for throwing the shoes at the U.S. president . "
Speaking to worshipers at Tehran University , Jannati labeled the shoes " more valuable than crowns , medals and signs " and believes they should be place in an Iraqi museum .
The government of Iran and the United States have been bitter antagonists for decades .
Watch Muntadhar al - Zaidi throw his shoes at Bush »
Iran has opposed the U.S. presence and policies in Iraq and the United States has accused Iran of backing militants in Iraq .
Jannati said the U.S. was trapped in a quagmire in Iraq and did n't know what to do about it .
" The shoe hurling by the Iraqi journalist had many messages which the world received and the Iraqi people , too , held demonstrations afterwards .
People should support the Iraqi journalist , " said Jannati , who believes shoes should be regular props in the anti-U.S. demonstrations in Iran and Iraq .
In the Indian capital of New Delhi , Iran 's deputy foreign minister told reporters that the incident points to frustration in the elite levels of society with Bush 's policies .
The minister , Mohammad Mehdi Akhondzadeh , said it was similar sentiments that led Americans to elect Barack Obama president .
Neither of al - Zaidi's shoes hit Bush , and the journalist was knocked to the ground , hustled out of the room and arrested by security officials .
As he was pushed to the floor , the reporter shouted out that his shoe - throwing -- a traditional insult in Arab culture -- was a " farewell kiss " to a " dog " who launched the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Al - Zaidi faces time in an Iraqi prison .
The Iraqi government on Thursday said he had written a letter to al - Maliki asking for leniency and calling his actions " ugly . "
All About Iraq • George W. Bush
La secretaria de Energía aseguró que se mantendrá cautela ante la volatilidad internacional en el precio del crudo
A pesar de la baja de los precios de la gasolina en Estados Unidos y del crudo a nivel internacional , la titular de la Secretaría de Energía ( Sener ) , Georgina Kessel , dijo que continuarán por el momento los ajustes semanales que Hacienda realiza al valor del combustible .
" La política de precios ( de la gasolina y el diesel ) está acorde al mercado internacional " , afirmó Kessel .
Sin embargo , en un contexto de volatilidad internacional en el precio del petróleo crudo , " no podemos tomar decisiones de un día para otro " , dijo .
" Tenemos que ser muy cuidadosos en los precios de los productos a nivel internacional " , afirmó .
Francisco Labastida , presidente de la Comisión de Energía del Senado , precisó que no hay razón para que los precios suban .
mdz
I think back to my time in college , and I learned some valuable things .
I also learned some incredibly worthless things ( i.e. do n’t flip a car upside down and then backover … it ’ll break the axle so you ca n’t roll it ) .
Even in classes … the basic approach to a supply / demand curve to maximize profit is cute when done in a classroom vs. the complexities of how things actually work …
I mean I get the idea behind it , but what you learn is so far being able to be translated into being usable .
But what surprises me looking back was a couple of skills around running meetings that I find so rare in the workplace that have immense value .
I ’ve always been fascinated at the intersection of business and technology .
I ’d been coding for a long time before college , and while interesting it was also a means to an end .
When you combine technology with business you can solve things in entirely new and valuable ways .
My major was management information systems , and all folks in my program came out with a computer science minor in addition to their business degree–something pretty rare for more MIS majors in other programs and well generally for anyone coming out of a business school .
Perhaps I ’ll get into the value of CS training even if you are n’t looking for a CS job some other time .
Within the program we would have a senior project that was actually a real world project for one of the large companies that sponsored part of the program .
We ’d have monthly reviews with the company stake holder .
We ’d also have weekly meetings , these were especially well run .
There were really 3 items that made them especially efficient .
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota ( CNN ) --
Last month , 17 - year - old Burhan Hassan told his family he was catching a ride to school with a friend .
He then vanished .
Islamic fighters drill in Somalia last month .
The FBI says men are traveling from the U.S. , potentially to fight .
His mother spoke to her son just a few days ago over the phone .
To her shock , she says , he told her he was no longer in the United States .
" Mom , I 'm in Somalia !
Do n't worry about me ; I 'm OK , " the mother quoted her son as saying .
Details of how he got there and what has transpired in his life since his November disappearance are sketchy .
His mother , who agreed to be identified only as Amina , says her son has clearly changed .
" He was different , " she said of his attitude on the phone .
Watch a report on missing Somalis »
Hassan is one of more than a dozen young men of Somali descent -- many U.S. citizens -- to have disappeared from Minneapolis over the past six months , according to federal law enforcement authorities .
Authorities say young men have also disappeared in Boston , Massachusetts ; Portland , Maine ; and Columbus , Ohio .
" A number of young Somali men have traveled from throughout the United States to include Minneapolis to Somalia , potentially to fight , " said FBI Special Agent E.K. Wilson .
Amina speaks about her son in the past tense , almost as if he were dead .
She worries about him night and day .
" Now that he 's gone , I can't sleep , " she said .
Watch Amina talk about her son »
The fear among the Somali community in Minneapolis is that their young men are being preyed upon and recruited to fight jihad , or holy war , in Somalia .
Some have even called to tell their parents not to look for them .
" Those I talked to were completely shocked and dismayed as to what happened .
They were completely in disbelief , " said Omar Jamal of the Somali Justice Advocacy Center , based in St. Paul , Minnesota .
The shock is magnified by what happened to one of them : Authorities say a 27 - year - old named Shirwa Ahmed blew himself up in an apparent suicide bombing in northern Somalia in October .
Amina does n't like to think about that and refuses to believe that her son could be learning similar tactics .
She and her son lived in an apartment along the Mississippi River in a thriving Somali neighborhood in Minneapolis .
Hassan 's father died years ago , and she raised him as a single parent .
Hassan 's other siblings have all moved out .
" I 'm feeling empty tonight , like I have [ nothing ] , " she said .
Amina says she now forgets to cook .
It 's gotten so bad that when she 's out shopping , she 'll often feel that her son is back home again .
She 'll quickly return , only to remember he 's still away .
She struggles when she recalls how smart he is and how he was studying to become a doctor .
Holding up a copy of his high school class schedule , which includes Advanced Placement courses in mathematics , chemistry and biology , she says Hassan was to graduate in May .
He wanted to attend college in Arizona , and he wanted her to move there with him .
" He was planning to be a physician assistant .
He told me to move ... to Arizona because he said in Arizona , we can get [ those jobs ] as soon as possible after graduating , " she said .
" His expectations were high . "
She added , " He does n't like to fight .
Sometimes , he was a comedian .
He likes to laugh or to say things that make you laugh .
He was a very kind person . "
Amina says her son has called a few times , most recently Saturday .
She says that each time , it feels as if her son is being watched or listened to by at least one or two other men , because she can hear other voices in the background .
" It 's like a kidnapped person .
And he has no freedom , because if he said , ' Mom , I have to leave here ; I have no life , ' then they would kill him . "
The question that plagues Amina and just about everyone in Minneapolis ' Somali community is :
How could these young men who were well - educated and who stayed out of trouble in the United States wind up in war - torn Somalia , possibly as fighters ?
In Hassan 's case , his mother fled the nation when she was pregnant with him , and they eventually came to the United States to escape the country 's violence .
She says her son's demeanor changed a couple months before he disappeared .
He became more withdrawn , and she does n't know why .
Other local Somalis have voiced concern that , because a large number of the men missing attended the same Islamic center after school , it could have played a role .
Amina does not believe the center itself played a role but thinks there are certain people associated with it who may be involved .
On Monday , representatives of the mosque , Abubakar As - Saddique Islamic Center , held a news conference to address the issue .
The mosque 's attorney , Mahir Sherif , strongly denied any allegations that it is connected to the men's disappearance , saying the center " has not and will not recruit for any political cause . "
" I have n't talked to any of them [ since the stories came out ] .
I have n't seen any of them fighting , " Sherif said .
" I mean , I would be speculating .
I 'm hearing what everybody else hears . "
Amina keeps hoping her son will return and that somebody in the community will come forward with more information .
" I 'm asking for those who took my son or know anything about it to come forward .
I 'm asking you kindly to help and facilitate how to make possible to return [ him ] .
Most sincerely . "
All About Somalia • Minneapolis
This is Commander Keen , the title character of a series of games back in the early 90's .
It was the first EGA sidescroller on the computer .
You can read more about it at wikipedia : [ link ]
I remember playing this as a kid and it became one of my favorites because of the whole idea of a kid flying through space and stuff .
I want to put him in a background but I 'm not sure where I want him to be .
I thought maybe an alien like city , but then I thought it would be closer to the them of the game if I put him out on some barren gray planet .
Wherever I put him it must be in an environment with blue ambient light at night , because that 's how he 's colored .
Otherwise I would have to change the colors around completely .
Comments ?- J.P.
Original
Best
Evolving
What is this ?
image represented as a collection of overlapping polygons of various colors and transparencies .
The goal is to get an We start from random 50 polygons that are invisible .
In each optimization step we randomly modify one parameter ( like color components or polygon vertices ) and check whether such new variant looks more like the original image .
If it is , we keep it , and continue to mutate this one instead .
Fitness is a sum of pixel - by - pixel differences from the original image .
Lower number is better .
Displayed fitness is now a percentage of how close the new image is to the original one ( 1 - current difference / maximum difference ) .
The best possible is 100 % .
This new fitness is normalized so that it 's easier to compare different images and different sizes .
This implementation is based on Roger Alsing 's description , though not on his code .
There are probably some subtle differences in how the mutations are done , how the polygons are represented and how the fitness is computed as I tried to figure out how to have it running reasonably fast in JavaScript + < canvas > environment .
How does it look after some time ?
50 polygons ( 4 - vertex )
~ 15 minutes
644 benefitial mutations
6,120 candidates
88.74 % fitness
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
~ 15 minutes
646 benefitial mutations
6,024 candidates
89.04 % fitness
50 polygons ( 10 - vertex )
~ 15 minutes
645 benefitial mutations
5,367 candidates
87.01 % fitness
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
~ 45 minutes
1,476 benefitial mutations
23,694 candidates
93.35 % fitness
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
~60 minutes
1,595 benefitial mutations
28,888 candidates
93.46 % fitness
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
~ 120 minutes
1,966 benefitial mutations
50,500 candidates
93.89 % fitness
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
~ 4 hours
4,134 benefitial mutations
807,890 candidates
95.59 % fitness
Thanks to Sergei .
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
~ 2 days
7,425 benefitial mutations
5,288,801 candidates
96.36 % fitness
Thanks to Julian .
1,000 polygons ( 12 - vertex )
~ 7 days
21,135 benefitial mutations
8,143,969 candidates
97.12 % fitness
Thanks to Bogdan .
Does it work on all images ?
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
4,358 benefitial mutations
227,852 candidates
95.97 % fitness
Thanks to Quialiss .
Images from different runs .
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
718 + benefitial mutations
22,440 + candidates
95.24 % fitness
Images from different runs .
100 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
9,686 benefitial mutations
1,220,569 candidates
96.21 % fitness
Thanks to Steven .
100 polygons ( 5 - vertex )
10,490 benefitial mutations
2,161,018 candidates
95.03 % fitness
Thanks to Asa , Will , Nic & Yuku .
Images from different runs .
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
6,280 benefitial mutations
683,806 candidates
Thanks to alexs for the final image .
Images from different runs .
100 polygons ( 5 - vertex )
6,974 benefitial mutations
2,056,467 candidates
95.68 % fitness
Thanks to Yuku .
100 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
6,557 benefitial mutations
44,212,346 candidates
99.43 % fitness
Thanks to Alex .
50 polygons ( 5 - vertex )
8,031 benefitial mutations
1,099,366 candidates
96.14 % fitness
Thanks to Karol Masztalerz .
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
4,296 benefitial mutations
2,404,942 candidates
97.6 % fitness
Thanks to Kyle .
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
10,605 benefitial mutations
11,104,153 candidates
93.84 % fitness
Thanks to KRHAiNOS .
50 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
11,147 benefitial mutations
1,021,165 candidates
95.04 % fitness
Thanks to Simon .
See also Firefox logo evolution video .
Thanks to Brooss .
Distributed computing effort : original image size 600 px X 900 px , divided into 24 parts each 150 px X 150px
24 x 100 polygons ( 6 - vertex )
109,438 + benefitial mutations ( total )
8,243,441 + candidates ( total )
Fitness : min 95.01 % , max 99.08 % , mean 96.59 % , median 96.65 %
Thanks to Agro momusuindo. net ( Indonesia ) .
Full resolution final image
Multiple 50 - polygon pieces , exported to SVG , joined in Illustrator
Thanks to Antonio Ares .
Full resolution final image
6,278 benefitial mutations
267,623 candidates
96.95 % fitness
4,208 benefitial mutations
8,451,873 candidates
97.88 % fitness
6,250 benefitial mutations
10,418,975 candidates
98.38 % fitness
6,281 benefitial mutations
226,689 candidates
96.75 % fitness
Thanks to Marinka for South Park characters .
100 polygons ( 5 - vertex )
7,310 benefitial mutations
5,430,510 candidates
96.53 % fitness
Thanks to Magnus Hansen .
95.79 % fitness
1 day 9 hours
Thanks to Christian Grosser .
What is DNA import / export ?
Warning : Another experimental ( that is not tested at all ) feature .
Most of the bugs should be fixed now .
It depends , success varies .
The best seem to be color images with well defined features .
Click Export DNA to copy polygon representation of the current best image to the clipboard .
You can use it to save your optimization state , for example to send it to somebody by mail or post it on the web .
If you have such saved DNA string , you can later on paste it into the clipboard and click on Import DNA .
This should reproduce the optimization state from the time it was saved via export .
Please note that DNA is independent of the original image .
It means that if you used a custom image , you should also set this image ( via image form ) to reproduce a complete state .
( Or you could play with switching images / DNA midway )
NUMBER_OF_VERTICES
NUMBER_OF_POLYGONS
R G B ALPHA X0 Y0 X1 Y1 ... XN YN ... R G B ALPHA X0 Y0 X1 Y1 ... XN YN ... DNA format is very simple ( all numbers are INTs except for ALPHA which is FLOAT ) :
Click Export DNA as SVG to get vector image from your current best DNA .
Thanks to Martin for SVG export .
Requirements
Tested and works on ( example mutation speed for Mona Lisa at the start of optimization on my notebook ) :
Although in my estimation the bailout saved GMAC 's lending arm , I was correct in this article 's prediction ( “ WaMu Gets the FDIC WHAM - O! “ ) that there have only been a few minor bank failures in the last few weeks .
I expect a drought of closures with a possible drizzle ( one or at most two minor banks ) until November 4th , after that , regardless of the bailout expect a steady drizzle and possible downpour ( few more major banks and a bunch of smaller ones to kick the bucket ) before we close 2008 .
With the addition of the three banks below , the Bank Body Count ( BBC ) for 2008 now stands at 16 :
Alpha Bank and Trust , Alpharetta , Georgia ( $ 354 million in assets , ~$ 3 million in uninsured deposits , ~$ 158 million cost to the FDIC ) Date of Demise : 10/24/2008
Meridian Bank , Eldred , Illinois ( $ 39 million in assets , ~$ 14 million cost to the FDIC ) Date of Demise : 10/10/2008
Main Street Bank , Northville , Michigan ( $ 98 million in assets , ~$ 36 million cost to the FDIC ) Date of Demise : 10/10/2008
Again , HAVE YOU PROTECTED YOURSELF ?
First understand the FDIC and the nature of the banking system .
Here 's the fastest lesson I can manage .
Try my other writings or just search the net for more information .
In brief , the FDIC is a relic of the Great Depression designed to give depositors the assurance that the government will bail them out if the bank fails .
It is funded by small fees on all deposits its member banks hold .
The FDIC started 2008 with about $ 53 billion in reserves .
Due to the failures at IndyMac and others , the FDIC fund most likely has about $ 40 billion left .
In August , the Federal Reserve reported that all savings deposits , small - denomination time deposits , and retail money funds ( more or less the banking system insured by the FDIC ) was $ 6,414 billion .
So if bank failures exceed just half - of - a- percent of the system , the FDIC will be broke .
That is , until the government decides to unwisely print more money ( aka debase the dollar or inflation or indirectly tax us ) or directly tax us , the taxpayers , yet again .
Our banking system operates on a fractional reserve system .
This means that banks only have to keep a certain amount of deposits and can lend the rest .
In the USA , the deposit requirement is just 10 % .
For more detail , read this .
Next , the American banking system is in serious trouble .
Check out this graph of Non-Borrowed Reserves of Depository Institutions from the Federal Reserve .
( BOO !
Hahahaha !
Happy Halloween !)
Note the plummet in 2008 from , historically speaking , a fairly stable chart .
What the chart means is that , as a whole , American banks are borrowing from the Federal Reserve in order to maintain their deposit requirements .
The shift from +$ 40 billion to - $ 187 billion is $ 227 billion , which is greater than 1 % of our GDP ( which is the total market value of all goods and services produced in our country this year ) .
This may at first sound insignificant to some of you , but I tend to agree with the degree of angst the Financial Ninja expresses here : “ Oh sweet baby Jesus , you better hope Ben Helicopter '
Bernanke really really knows what he 's doing . ”
Of course , which banks are doing poorly is a closely guarded Fed secret , but please keep in mind there are 117 banks on the FDIC 's secret crash list , out of a total of 8500 FDIC - insured banks .
The FDIC updates the number of banks monthly , but do not list any specific banks as this would cause bank runs .
( I note that due to the election / crisis , the FDIC has skipped the September and will skip the October end - of - month updates .
It does not take a genius to figure out the number is increasing . )
I also note that the Federal Reserve M1 statistic 's annualized rate for the past 3 months is at nearly 20 % .
This is highly unusual .
Since M1 is primarily the actual cash and coin in circulation , this may mean that people ( I hope Americans , but could just as well be foreigners ) are removing their money from banks accounts .
After the last four bank closure articles , I no longer hesitate to hand out advice since when you paint a bleak picture , ideas to look into are a good idea .
Otherwise I would seem a bit like Chicken Little running around with his head cut off , so here you go !
( I 've made some changes in bold since last time )
Take a look and decide for yourself , but all of my advice is fairly conservative .
Remember , this is not a time to be placid and just mull around , it is time to be realistic , do some research and take action if necessary .
Please protect yourself and your family .
First know if your bank (s ) are FDIC insured or not .
If not , get your money and close the account ASAP as its a sign that the FDIC may have refused to insure it .
If yes , you can read the FDIC rules here , and see if any of the exceptions or limits apply to your family .
Second , consider moving your money to multiple banks in the event one would fail .
This is called diversification of risk .
At any bank , you can request their financial statement and check out the status of their loans and deposits .
In general , credit unions will be safer than larger banks , mainly since its loans are limited to only the union members .
Large banks like Bank of America , Wells Fargo , Citibank , Wachovia , etc. loan out to a wide range of borrowers , which are subject to failure due to the housing crisis .
Third , withdraw enough currency to cover expenses for AT LEAST several months .
At this point , I urge you to decide for yourself if removing more is prudent and necessary .
My reasoning for this is that even if all of your money is FDIC insured , if the bank fails , there is no guarantee you will get your money immediately .
It may take months .
If you decide to do this , it is best to also request small bills ( $ 20 or smaller ) as if a crisis develops larger denominations some vendors may have issues with handling $ 50 or $ 100 bills .
Instead of paper money , I advise taking out nickels as the worth of the metal matches the face value , where the paper money has no intrinsic value .
It 's also fairly amusing and trust me , it will take a thief quite a while to lug out several thousand dollars in nickels .
Fourth , try reading the Money Matrix series below .
Decide for yourself what to do to protect your family 's financial well - being .
I also highly recommend the well - informed monetary policy articles from fellow Nolan Chart columnist Republicae .
They take a little while to absorb though .
Five , take a solid look at purchasing physical gold .
This will maintain purchasing power in case hyperinflation occurs .
Likewise , have a stock of nonperishable foods and water .
Trust me , no Americans , including myself , fully appreciate the shocking , disorienting speed at which hyperinflation can hit .
Unfortunately , our government has been priming the pump for exactly this to happen .
Remember I wrote this when they want to “ save ” us again .
Six , spread the word .
For obvious reasons , you wo n't find this advice from the mainstream media .
If you want a political solution to this , I am sorry to say it will not be McBama .
I am sorry to say your vote on the Fourth of November will not solve ANY of our economic ills .
Try www.CampaignForLiberty.com.
Mark my words , watch the movie “ V for Vendetta ” if you have n't already to fully understand this Guy Fawkes Day poem :
Remember , remember the Fifth of November ,
the Gunpowder Treason and Plot ,
I see no reason why Gunpowder Treason should ever be forgot .
Guy Fawkes , t’was his intent to blow up King and Parliament .
Three score barrels were laid below to prove old England ’s overthrow ;
By God ’s mercy he was catch ’d with a dark lantern and lighted match .
Holloa boys , holloa boys , let the bells ring .
Holloa boys , holloa boys , God save the King !
Hip hip hoorah !
A penny loaf to feed the Pope
A farthing o’ cheese to choke him .
A pint of beer to rinse it down .
A faggot of sticks to burn him .
Burn him in a tub of tar .
Burn him like a blazing star .
Burn his body from his head .
Then we ’ll say ol ’
Pope is dead .
Hip hip hoorah !
Hip hip hoorah hoorah !
In case your imagination is lacking , the Federal Reserve System is America 's monetary Pope .
Death to Faith in Fiat !
Happy Halloween , bwaaaa - ha - ha - ha - ha ! :)
In Liberty ,
Jake , the Champion of the Constitution
www.CampaignForLiberty.com
We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America .
As always , unlike the NFL , the author grants full permission to allow any accounts of , rebroadcasts , retransmissions , repostings in part or full of this article to your blog or anywhere else in order to promote the Restoration of our Republic .
Veritas numquam perit .
Veritas odit moras .
Veritas vincit .
Truth never perishes .
Truth hates delay .
Truth conquers .
________________________________________________________________
Police State Stomps on Iraq Veteran 's Face as McBama Sanctions Attack on Freedom of Speech : The Story of the Hempstead 15 ( Part 1/2 )
Published : October 25 , 2008
What ?
Yet another event the media completely missed ?
After multiple attempts to engage McBama to answer their questions , the Iraq Veterans Against the War ( IVAW ) led a peaceful march on the last McCain - Obama Presidential Debate and were met with 30 mounted police and a horde of others in riot gear .
The mounted police stamped on an Iraq war veteran 's face and attacked the crowd .
Ron Paul supporter and veteran Adam Kokesh was arrested as well .
________________________________________________________________
Other “ oooh - I 'm - So - Scared - of - the - Fed - Time - to - Change - the - Diapers ! ” Articles by the Author [ Reach the Author Here ! ]
Calling All Wheelbarrows : Hyperinflation in America ? ( Part 2/2 )
Published : July 16 , 2008
“ Let it not be said that No One Cared , that No One Objected , once it is realized that our Liberties and our Wealth are in Jeopardy . ” – Dr. Ron Paul
NY Times Reports the Banks Say They Will Hoard their Bailout Cash - Loot
Published : October 23 , 2008
And how to strike back .
An Anti-Ron Paul Deflationary Economic Theory
Published : October 21 , 2008
Can you prove me wrong ?
A simple idea about how the bailout could lead to a deflationary , rather than inflationary environment , proving Ron Paul dead wrong .
Terrorist Completes Ultramarathon !
And Gold Hits New Highs !
Published : October 19 , 2008
Starting in Kuala Lampur in the morning , and finishing in Shanghai at night , some dude manages to finish his first - ever multiple - country ultramarathon and shares his thoughts on the financial crisis and gold .
Fight the Gestapo Tactics of our Congress , McBama , and Bush with Ron Paul and I
Published : October 3 , 2008
A plea to readers on the passing of the Paulson Plan , Ron Paul 's Congressional statement today , my recommended actions to take , and in support of BJ Lawson for Congress .
Just updated with a link to and discussion on the 442 - page bailout !
Save Ron Paul's Voice – A Money Matrix Addendum
Published : September 28 , 2008
Learn how by reading .
Article is intended as a poke - in - the - eye for members of the Ron Paul Revolution who complain about the bailouts and the financial , banking , and housing crises and do not realize that they may in fact be hypocrites .
Henry Paulson – A Quick Look at the Man
Published : September 27 , 2008
Everyone in the country is talking about the Paulson Plan , wherein one clause would make Paulson de-facto financial dictator of the United States , accountable to no one .
The article is a summary of my brief investigation and asks for help in finding out WHO IS THIS GUY ?
WaMu Gets the FDIC WHAM-O !
Published : September 26 , 2008
The Seattle - based Washington Mutual Bank is shut down by the FDIC .
The Raiders from the last Great Depression , JP Morgan , Strike Again .
Have you protected yourself ?
A Money Matrix Addendum : Citigroup and GATA Call for an End to the Suppression of the Gold Market
Published : September 22 , 2008
The Suppression of the Gold Market Goes Mainstream , Thanks to Citigroup .
And a few interesting back - of - envelope calculations about where the price of gold could go .
Yes , West Virginia , There is a Banking , Housing , and Financial Crisis – FDIC Closes Ameribank
Published : September 22 , 2008
FDIC Closes Bank # 12 for 2008 , Ameribank , a Small WV Bank Gets the Axe .
Have you protected your family ?
Learn how .
US Treasury Seizes Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac !
And What It Means
Published : September 8 , 2008
“ You poor kid , there have been centuries of philosophers plotting to turn the world into just that – to destroy people 's minds by making them believe that that 's what they are seeing .
But you do n't have to accept it .
You do n't have to see through the eyes of others , hold on to yours , stand on your own judgment , you know what that is , IS – say it aloud , like the holiest of prayers , and do n't let anyone tell you otherwise . ”
– Ayn Rand
FDIC Closes the Silver State Bank in Nevada as a McCain Resigns in Disgrace
Published : September 7 , 2008
Andrew McCain , son of John McCain , resigns from the board just before yet another small bank goes under .
$ 20 million in uninsured deposits lost .
And by the way , did you know the American banking system may crash ?
Learn how to protect yourself and your family .
________________________________________________________________
The Money Matrix Series
America , Were Michael Phelps ' Eight Olympic Gold Medals Worth Winning ?
Published : August 24 , 2008
Michael Phelps and other American athletes are bringing back loads of Gold , Silver , and Bronze Medals from the Beijing Olympics .
A young libertarian economist asks if it was worth it .
The Money Matrix – Prelude ( PART 1/15 )
Published : August 1 , 2008
Prelude and Source List to a Series on Global Monetary Policy of Control and Explaining Big Government 's Finances
The Money Matrix – What is a Dollar Bill Worth ?
( PART 2/15 )
Published : August 2 , 2008
“ Living so free is a tragedy when you can't see what you need to see ! ” – Powerman 5000 ' Free '
The Money Matrix – What Makes Money Money ?
( PART 3/15 )
Published : August 3 , 2008
A quick history of money per Rothbard followed by the properties of money per Ron Paul
The Money Matrix – If You Do n't Know Who the Sucker Is , Then It 's You ! ( PART 4/15 )
Published : August 7 , 2008
The Money Matrix series rolls on by asking ' What are the Types of Money ? ' and ' What is the “ Best ” Currency and Why ?'
The Money Matrix Explores Seigniorage –
Do not give in to evil , but proceed ever more boldly against it .
( PART 5/15 )
Published : August 24 , 2008
The Money Matrix explores Seigniorage as Legalized Silent Plunder with an introduction into medieval and modern banking .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Sun Microsystems Inc. java said Friday it'll lay off between 5,000 and 6,000 employees , or 15 % to 18 % of its work force , in a move to cut costs by $ 700 - $ 800 million a year .
The Santa Clara , Calif .
tech firm will take $ 500 to $ 600 million in charges over the next 12 months in connection with the plan , of which it expects to incur approximately $ 375 to $ 450 million within its current fiscal year 2009 .
Sun Micro will break up its Software organization into new business groups : Application Platform Software , Systems Platforms , and Cloud Computing & Developer Platforms .
Clad in an ill - fitting suit and heels , a middle - aged woman with blonde dreadlocks emerged from the Lagos flight , dwarfed by Nigerian businessmen .
Gingerly , she stepped past a springer spaniel enthusiastically darting between passengers in the hope of discovering drugs .
But as she rounded the corner , a customs officer appeared at her shoulder .
Wide - eyed , the 47 - year - old explained that she was a care assistant on her first trip abroad , who had paid more than £ 1,000 for a ticket to Africa only to spend four days there .
To UK Border Agency officials looking for any anomalies that might indicate a drugs mule , her story appeared as incongruous as her outfit .
Her bags were searched .
Nearby , another official took swabs from the luggage of a businessman wearing designer sunglasses .
As the wipe passed through the detection machine its screen flashed red : traces of cocaine had been found .
But no such drugs were discovered on the woman 's luggage and she was asked to submit to a full body scan in case she was one of countless mules who enter Britain each year , their stomachs stuffed with parcels of drugs .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
These days , an increasing number of middle - aged and elderly women are being used by smugglers .
In a worrying trend , grandmothers , often with serious health problems , are being locked up in British jails after agreeing to carry cocaine in suitcases or risking death by swallowing drug - filled " wraps " .
Only a few weeks ago , a British grandmother , Ambrozine Heron , 77 , was jailed for 13 years for trying to smuggle almost £ 1 m worth of cocaine into the country in her mobility vehicle .
Customs officers at Dover found 16kg of the drug in Heron 's specially adapted Nissan Pathfinder after she arrived from France .
The pensioner had suffered a stroke and had diabetes , asthma and hypertension .
Her daughter , Paulette Chambers , 49 , was jailed with her .
" I do n't know anything about that , " she told police .
" I just went with my daughter .
I did n't ask any questions because I 'm not a nosy person .
I do n't smoke or drink .
What am I doing with drugs ? "
Hibiscus , a charity that has won widespread praise for tackling the issue of drug mules , insisted it had seen a dramatic rise – as much as 40 per cent – in women in their late sixties and seventies being conned into carrying or swallowing cocaine .
Often , they are Nigerians or Ghanaians , and most are first - time offenders who have left their children behind .
Many are so sick that they console themselves they will at least get health care if caught .
Each jailed offender costs the UK taxpayer an average of £ 130,000 before health costs are added .
" I am convinced that is a lot of the motivation , " said Olga Heaven , director of Hibiscus .
" Ninety per cent of the Nigerians have high blood pressure and cholesterol as well as gynaecological problems .
We have one case of a woman in her early fifties with a brain tumour who has lost her eyesight . "
At one point , as many as 40 drugs mules were coming in on flights from Jamaica but a two - pronged attack of increased law enforcement and education has solved the problem , with just one mule from the island caught last year .
But the trade has simply shifted to Nigeria and Ghana , and other African nations as well as smaller Caribbean islands .
In February , a Nigerian mother with five children , Abosede Fehintola , 57 , was jailed for eight and a half years for trying to smuggle £ 500,000 of cocaine through Stansted in her suitcase .
Between 2001 and 2006 , the number of Nigerian women in British custody rose more than ten - fold and the number of men trebled .
Figures for Ghanaian prisoners doubled during the same period .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" These older women are more naive and less educated about the consequences than young people , " Ms Heaven said .
" We used to see a lot of women who wanted to go to university but now they know the risks are too great .
The older women are more desperate and have health issues .
We have one woman of nearly 73 who was given a 12 - year sentence [ for smuggling 6 kg of cocaine ] .
She looks like she is 80 and she wanted to see her grandchildren in this country .
She is going to die here . "
She added that they had recently seen a Nigerian women in her sixties who tried to smuggle 8 kg of drugs into the country in a wheelchair .
" They do n't know any better and they are desperate .
They are not educated .
Every one of them is a victim . "
Gigures released by HM Revenue & Customs show that 3,120kg of cocaine were seized by last year , an increase of more than 20 per cent on 2006 - 07 .
The Serious Organised Crime Agency ( Soca ) , along with a variety of other agencies , seized a total of 90,000kg of Class A drugs in 2007 - 08 .
But an estimated 40,000 kg cocaine slips past them .
Much of it is brought in by shipments or freight ,
For the past five years , the UK has been the " cocaine capital of Europe " .
The illicit drugs market in the UK is worth up to £ 6.6bn , with cocaine now the second most popular drug , after cannabis , with 800,000 estimated users .
Much of it is now heavily cut with other chemicals , and prices vary from £ 30 to £ 45 per gram , according to purity .
Mules are being forced to swallow larger amounts , as much as a total of 1kg in condom - wrapped balls , said Ms Heaven .
" That shows how desperate they are to put their body at such risk .
They have no access to social welfare .
A child might have taken ill or the mother can't pay the school fees .
Someone will lend her money .
When she can't pay it back they apply a kind of duress . "
Tackling the problem is multi-pronged .
While the UK Border Agency – a new agency that has customs and immigration working in tandem – and SOCA are mentoring officials in Africa , Hibiscus has been operating a successful programme of warning women in Ghana about the dangers of smuggling , which has led to fewer arrests .
Just two weeks ago the charity started a new poster campaign in Nigeria entitled " Maame goes to London " , a cartoon depicting a widow who turns to smuggling to feed her family , only to be imprisoned in the UK for 14 years as her children die of starvation .
Shola Shokumbi is a perfect example of the women caught .
At the age of 52 , she swallowed 116 wraps – 1.5 kg of cocaine – and is now serving a seven - year sentence in Downview Prison .
Her children are being cared for by her 83 - year - old mother in Nigeria and no longer go to school .
" I do n't have enough time to talk to them on the phone because they are always crying , " said Ms Shokumbi , whose real name has been withheld in case the drugs gangs will target her family for the cocaine she never delivered .
" I am begging the British people for mercy .
We are all mothers .
Send us back home because of our children , so they can grow up good , useful people . "
Back at Heathrow , no drugs were found on the woman in the cheap suit .
Her story was one of innocence .
Customs officials insist they are not looking for any particular profile .
But , with 60 million passengers passing through the world 's busiest international airport each year , they concede " it is like looking for a needle in a haystack " .
The mule 's story ' I have learned my lesson '
* Madeleine Smith looks like an average secretary .
Softly spoken and polite , she does not look like a convicted drug smuggler .
But that is exactly what the 42 - year - old mother of a small boy was .
The product of a church - going family from Jamaica , Ms Smith ( not her real name ) lived in Croydon with her partner , a teacher , and took her two - year - old son to visit relatives in the Caribbean .
She was in a wine bar when she began chatting to a striking , smart stranger .
" He looked like a normal guy , decent , not scruffy .
I was bragging that I was not a tourist , I knew my way around and he must have thought , ' Here 's my target ' .
I was such a silly cow . "
Then the man 's mood changed and he threatened her family if she did not take a parcel of " men 's toiletries " back to the UK .
" He took out a knife .
It had an embroidered handle .
I did n't tell anybody . "
At Manchester airport , customs found 2 kg of cocaine .
Ms Smith pleaded guilty and served three years of a six - year sentence .
" Prison was horrid .
At first , I slept in my coat because it was so cold and damp .
The women were vulgar , loud .
At night , you 'd hear them banging on the walls and screaming .
They were coming off drugs . "
Ms Smith has been reunited with her son but separated from her partner .
She now works full time for a charity .
" I have learnt my lesson , " she said .
Terri Judd
The Telegraph reported that Tessa Jowell told leisure industry bosses : " Had we known what we know now , would we have bid for the Olympics ?
Almost certainly not . "
The budget for the Games has exceeded initial estimates , combined with the pressures of recession squeezing both private contractors and Government finances .
However , Ms Jowell later played down her comments .
She said : " My comments should be seen in the context in which they were made .
" I have often observed that we bid for 2012 in one economic climate and are now in another .
" Had the scale of the downturn been anticipated , I am sure there would have been a view from some that this would not be the time to commit significant public expenditure to a project like the Olympics .
" But as I made clear in my speech , the reality is very different .
This is precisely the time for this investment to be made .
It has the potential to be economic gold at a time of economic need .
" It will regenerate one of the most deprived parts of east London and is already creating billions of pounds worth of work for British companies and jobs for thousands . "
Ericsson and Intel have announced that they are collaborating on a way to keep your laptop 's contents safe when your laptop goes MIA .
Using Intel 's Anti-Theft Technology - PC
Protection ( Intel AT - p ) and Ericsson 's Mobile Broadband ( HSPA ) modules , lost or stolen laptops cans be remotely " locked . "
Similar to Lenovo 's recently announced Lockdown Now PC technology , the Ericsson - Intel technology uses SMS messages sent directly to a laptop 's mobile broadband chip .
Once the chip receives the lock - down message , it passes it to the Intel AT - p function , which is integrated into Intel 's Centrino 2 with vPro technology platform .
" When a loss or theft is detected , Intel Anti-Theft PC Protection technology can lock the laptop , rendering it useless , by blocking the boot process , and when working in conjunction with third - party encryption hardware or software can protect data by deleting cryptographic keys or similar essential code for decryption .
" Unlike Lenovo 's anti-theft solution , the Ericsson module includes GPS functionality .
The example that Ericsson uses in its press release as to how the integrated GPS could be utilized is that if a laptop is moved outside of a pre-defined area ( a " geo- fence " ) , the laptop would automatically lock itself down .
We image that the GPS could also be used to allow law enforcement to track down the location of stolen laptops as well .
Of course , for the GPS function to actually work , the laptop would have to be outdoors or near a window with a southern exposure ; so while the GPS functionality is a nice added value , its practical usage is somewhat limited .
Once a laptop is recovered , another SMS message can be sent to the laptop to unlock it .
One potential limitation to these designs is that the laptops have to be powered on in order to receive the SMS " kill " message .
So if an enterprising thief is aware of the anti-theft technology , he might be able to disable the remote functionality simply by removing or disabling the broadband module .
Therefore , if you are concerned about your data falling into the wrong hands , you'd be well advised to also password protect your laptop in both hardware and software , encrypt the hard drive , and even set up a policy that locks the laptop after repeated failed log - in attempts .
Ericsson states that its anti-theft technology will be available in Centrino 2 - based laptops by the second half of 2009 .
The internet is a dangerous place , full of information that may scare or harm your child 's development .
Website blockers provide an easy way to prevent your child accessing age in - appropriate content , and protecting for shocking images or news .
Editor 's Choice : Qustodio Qustodio works on both computers and smartphones , and it has 29 filter categories and useful time controls .
The detailed parent reports include screenshots of the websites your child visits , as well chat and text messages they ’ve sent and received .
VIEW DEAL ON Qustodio
The best internet filters do n't only block website but also provide a way to control the time your son or daughter spends playing games online or surfing web .
Some even send alerts when ' watch words ' are texted to their mobile - meaning you can safeguard them from harm no matter where they are .
Finding the best internet filter can be hard .
Website blockers have a lot of functions that can be confusing or too obtrusive for you parenting styling .
This guide will examine all the features of the top internet filters to break down their features - and how they 'll help to protect your children from adult content and online predators .
We thoroughly check all the internet filters we 've reviews to ensure that our recommendations will keep your children safe .
The best website blocker we found was Qustodio .
We love using it because it is easy to install and is super simple to navigate .
Qustodio includes 29 filter categories , and has flexible time controls .
It is also a very effective at blocking websites .
Qustodio is designed for use on both websites and cellphones - and even has a built in GPS tracker when installed on a cell phone .
The internet filter did n’t slow down the any of the devices we used it on , computer , laptop or cell phone , so the kids did n’t notice when the website blocker was running .
Best Overall Qustodio Qustodio works on both computers and smartphones , and it has 29 filter categories and useful time controls .
The detailed parent reports include screenshots of the websites your child visits , as well chat and text messages they ’ve sent and received .
View Site
Best Value Net Nanny Internet Filter Software Net Nanny is n’t as expensive as other internet filter programs , but it still includes 18 filter categories and profanity masking that covers foul language on websites and blocks them from being typed into messages .
Net Nanny Family Protection Pass $ 54.99 / year Visit Site at Net Nanny
Best for Mobile Surfie Surfie has both a desktop and mobile app , so you control what your children are seeing online , who they are chatting with and when they have internet access , regardless of the device they ’re on .
Surfie $ 59.90 / year Visit Site at Surfie
1. Qustodio : Best overall
( Image credit : Qustodio )
Qustodio
Best internet filter for controlling the amount of time your children spend online View Deal 29 filter categories Includes anti-cyberbullying tools Records chats Does n’t have summary reports Limited support options Expensive
Qustodio is our top pick for internet filters in part because it is easy to install on both computers and smartphones .
It ’s also simple to use .
You can access each child ’s profile from your phone and adjust their access and time allowances ; you do n’t have to be at a computer or on the device itself to adjust the settings .
Qustodio has 29 filter categories to quickly and easily block websites and content children do n’t need to see .
The time management controls let you control timeframes for internet access ( so your child ca n’t get online when they are supposed to be asleep or at school ) , and they also let you control how long kids can stay logged on during allowed times .
For example , if your kids are allowed online between 6 p.m. and 9 p.m. on school nights , you can set Qustodio to kick them off after an hour or two , controlling overall screen time .
Qustodio records a lot of details about what your children do online and provides a detailed report .
While other programs simply tell you when your child has accessed their email account or chatted with someone through an instant messenger program , Qustodio captures the whole conversation .
You can also tag words and phrases , such as “ come alone ” or “ do n’t tell your mom , ” so if someone sends a message with these phrases , you will know .
2. Net Nanny : Best value
( Image credit : Net Nanny )
Net Nanny is one of the cheapest internet filter programs we tested , but still includes the most important protection tools to block dangerous content online .
There are 18 filter categories to help you quickly restrict access to websites about pornography , drugs and alcohol , suicide and gore .
The program sends an email alert if your child enables a proxy or privacy server to hide their internet searches .
One of the most unique features of Net Nanny is the profanity blocker that masks swear words on websites so your child ca n’t see or read them .
It also prevents children from typing these words into search fields and chat messages .
You can set it to change the funny words or symbols as they ’re typed , or the program can completely erase the word .
Net Nanny sends a notice through the parent reports when profanity was typed or blocked from being seen .
Net Nanny includes time controls to block kids from the internet when they should be asleep , at school , doing homework or chores .
Because you can set up an account for each child , older children can be given longer time limits for school projects , online games or streaming videos .
The biggest drawback of Net Nanny is that some important tools , such as social media monitoring , chat message capturing and text notifications for parents , require you to purchase a separate program that works alongside the Net Nanny internet filter program .
3. Surfie : Best for mobiles
( Image credit : Shutterstock )
Surfie
Best internet filter for safeguarding your child 's cell phone use Surfie $ 59.90 / year Visit Site at Surfie Works on both Android and iOS mobile devices Word and phrase monitoring Monitors social media activity No screenshots
Not compatible with Mac computers
No direct customer support
Surfie is compatible with both Android and iOS cellphones and tablets , plus it has a Windows computer version .
All versions let you filter and block web content you do n’t want your children exposed to .
It comes with 18 filter categories that make it easy to block related websites under each category , including pornography , violence and online gaming .
But you can also whitelist sites that you are okay with your child visiting , even if they fall under a filter category , or blacklist specific pages that do n’t fall under a watched group .
On top of web filters , Surfie lets you control when your child has internet access and how long they can be online , even on cellphones .
One of the best features of Surfie is its keyword monitor that alerts you if someone sends your child a test , email or instant message with words or phrases that tend to be red flags .
These include several programmed phrases such as “ do n’t tell , ” “ are you home alone ? ” and “ give me your phone number . ”
But you can also add your own keywords , and Surfie will shut down the program your child is using and internet access when one of them is used .
It also works in reverse to monitor what your child sends , prohibiting them from using your tagged keyword and from sharing personal information online .
All email , instant messages and text transcripts are recorded for you to read .
4. ContentBarrier : Best for mac computers
( Image credit : Contentbarrier )
For Mac computers we highly recommend ContentBarrier by Intego .
This internet filtering software is specifically designed for Mac computers and includes preset filter categories that make it easier to block harmful content .
You can add specific websites you want to block to the blacklist , or you can add a site blocked by the preset filters to the ContentBarrier whitelist if you feel it ’s OK for your child to visit .
ContentBarrier X9 also has time controls so you can ensure your kids are focused on homework , chores or bedtime instead of playing online .
You can create separate accounts for each of your children with one program and set different filters for each depending on their age and maturity .
The program does a good job blocking content , but it does n’t record a lot of your child ’s online activity for you to see later .
It also is only compatible with Mac desktops and wo n’t work on iPhones , iPads or other Apple mobile devices .
Related Products :-
How we tested internet filters
We spent 120 hours researching and testing the best internet filter programs ( with the help of our children ) to learn how they work on both traditional computers and mobile devices to block websites .
We tested each internet filter by downloading it to both out test lab computers and to our home computers used by our children .
We tested the filter categories by purposely attempting to go to sites we knew fell under these categories , including pornography , news outlets , drugs and alcohol , and sites on suicide .
For some of the filter categories , such as social media and online gaming sites , we waited for our children to try and access them during their allotted computer times to see if it blocked the website .
It became clear that a website blocker was effective when we heard the frustrating grumbles of kids as they tried to access blocked social media or gaming sites or when their allotted screen time was up and they were blocked internet access .
You can bypass the blocks on a specific website by entering the parent password .
This lets kids access a site while still blocking others under the filter category .
We tested time controls in a similar way .
We first set short limits on our test computers to get a feel of how each website blocker worked , then took the programs home to test in a family environment .
All the programs let us block large chunks of time and those with individual profiles let us set time limits for each child .
The programs notified kids when their time was up and blocked them from accessing the internet afterwards .
Why trust us on website blockers ?
We are parents and know the importance of protecting children from online threats , dangerous content , cyberbullies and too much screen time .
Over the last 15 years we have tested and reviewed parental control software , including internet filters and cell phone monitoring programs , that offer great tools that lets parents to know what their kids are up to in the cyberworld .
As part of our research , we subscribe to news outlets and security bloggers that focus on internet security , online privacy and parental control , so we stay on top of the dangers lurking online and changes in the industry .
We are interested in how well the tools of these programs help parents keep children safe online , and we enjoy the opportunity to thoroughly test these programs so we can give you good – and safe – internet filter options .
What to look for in internet filter software
Website blocking and filtering
When we tested internet filter software , we looked at exactly what each program blocked .
This included the number of filter categories , if websites slipped through the cracks and if the program included a blacklist where we could add specific site URLs to block .
We gave extra credit to programs , such as SpyAgent and Norton Family , that include tools designed specifically for tracking activity on social media and for blocking cyberbullying .
Other programs have tools , such as screenshots and social media blocking , that can be used for similar purposes , but these require you to be more proactive for it to be effective .
Activity recording and parent notification
It seemed to us that anything a program recorded would also be reported to the parents , but we found this is n’t necessarily the case .
Some programs only report the date and URL of a site a child visited by our children but do n’t record more information than that .
The best programs , including Qustodio , record and report in - depth information about how long your children are on specific websites , both sides of chat messages and words they search for in search engines .
You can also see if your kids attempted to go to a blocked site and which activated filter category restricted their access to it .
Some programs take screenshots while your child is online so you physically see what they saw during their computer time .
Notification is just as important as reading activity reports .
We appreciated when a program , such as McAfee , sent us a text message as soon as our children attempted to access a restricted site .
Other programs , such as Surfie , sent us email notices when our kids typed tagged words , such as “ alcohol ” or “ home alone , ” into search engines or in chat messages .
Being notified quickly is important for stepping in and stopping your children from getting into a dangerous situation .
The full list of the best internet filters
Product Price Overall Rating Value Filtering , Blocking & Monitoring Recording & Alerts Email Alerts Text Alerts Summary Reports Chat Reports Screenshots Remote Reporting Social Network Activity Chat Activity Websites Visited Email Sent & Received Online Searches Performed Filter Categories Anti-Cyberbullying Social Network Time Management Website Online Search Filtering Chat Games Pornography Profanity Masking Individual User Profiles Setup & Configuration Wizard Searchable Knowledgebase Telephone Live Chat Qustodio Premium 5 View Deal 5/5 9 9.8 10 ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 29 ✓ ✓ ✓ - - Norton Family View Deal 4.5/5 10 10 8 ✓ ✓ - ✓ ✓ ✓ - ✓ 47 ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Surfie View Deal 4/5 7.5 9.3 8 - ✓ - ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 18 ✓ ✓ ✓ - - Net Nanny Windows View Deal 4/5 8.3 7.3 7.5 $ ✓ ✓ $ ✓ ✓ - ✓ 18 ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ SpyAgent Standard View Deal 4/5 6.5 7.8 8 $ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 10 ✓ ✓ ✓ - - McAfee Total Protection Family Protection View Deal 3/5 5.3 6.8 7 ✓ ✓ - ✓ ✓ ✓ - ✓ 35 ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Verity Parental Control View Deal 3/5 4.3 7.5 7 - ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ N / A ✓ ✓ - ✓ -
Related Product Reviews
McCain flack Michael Goldfarb gets on CNN with Rick Sanchez and starts smearing Barack Obama for allegedly " hanging out " with anti-Semites .
Sanchez does the Journalism
Thing and actually tries to pin him down .
What transpires is both amusing and terribly telling :
Goldfarb : Look , you 're missing the point again , Rick .
The point is that Barack Obama has a long track record of being around anti-Semitic , anti-Israel , and anti-American rhetoric .
Sanchez : Can you name one other person besides Khalidi who he hangs around with who is anti-Semitic ?
Goldfarb :
He pals around with William Ayers who is a domestic terrorist .
Sanchez : No , no .
The question I asked you is , Can you name one other person that he hangs around with who is anti-Semitic ?
Because that 's what you said .
Goldfarb : Look , we all know that there are people who Barack Obama has been in hot water ...
Sanchez : Michael , I asked you to name one person .
One .
Goldfarb : [ Smiles smugly ]
Sanchez :
You said he hangs around with people who are anti-Semitic .
OK , we got Khalidi on the table .
Give me number two .
Who 's the other anti-Semitic person that he hangs around with that we , quote , all know about .
Goldfarb : Rick , we both know who Number Two is .
[ Silence ]
Sanchez : Who ?
Goldfarb : [ Smiles , says nothing ]
Sanchez : Would you tell us ?
Goldfarb : No , Rick , I think we all know who we 're talking about here .
Sanchez : Somebody who 's anti-Semitic who he hangs around with ?
Goldfarb : Absolutely .
Sanchez : Well , say it !
Goldfarb : I think we know who we 're talking about , Rick .
On Thursday , Assistant Interior Secretary Lyle Laverty ordered the National Park Service to ease existing mountain biking restrictions , possibly opening nearly eight million acres of recommended or proposed wilderness lands in approximately 30 parks to mountain biking .
[ social_buttons ]
The Bush administration has released several controversial rule changes and “ clarifications ” over the last few months that have put even the most critical of Bush ’s environmental record into a state of disbelief at the potential environmental consequences of those regulations .
But this one is a little different .
The rule change issued Thursday pits the sometimes - allied ( non-motorized ) recreational environmentalists against the “ preservationists , ” who see the rule change as just another human incursion into pristine areas that would further degrade its ecological integrity .
Opponents argue that mountain biking can lead to erosion thus threatening stream health and that mountain bikers are often at the root of on - trail conflicts with hikers and horseback riders .
The rule overturns a 1987 regulation that required park officials to issue a special regulation when designating or constructing mountain bike trails .
In essence , individual parks would be allowed to decide on their own about opening trails to biking , thus speeding up what is otherwise a lengthy process .
The rule would not affect the mountain bike exclusion in designated wilderness areas covered by The Wilderness Act of 1964 which limits use to hiking and horseback .
“ The pending proposed bicycle rule is an example of special interest intrusion into national park management , ” said Frank Buono , of the watchdog group Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility ( PEER ) and a former Park Service manager .
In a statement , Buono called the change “ mysterious ” as many parks have designated bike trails under the current Reagan - era rule .
But George W. Bush is n’t the only mountain biking enthusiast pumped about the rule change .
Mike Van Abel , executive director of the International Mountain Bicycling Association , praised the rule change , saying it provides the right mix of public comment and environmental protection .
“ It ’s been a long time coming , ” said Van Abel in the Jackson Hole Daily .
“ The existing regulation treats bikes like they are motorized , ” he said .
Van Abel said most of the ecological impacts of mountain biking could be mitigated with proper trail design .
He said his group does not advocate for mountain biking in proposed wilderness in parks .
Bush , who is an avid mountain bike rider has yet to comment on the rule change .
And whether he will actually spend any time mountain biking in the newly - availed National Park backcountry is another story .
In a 2004 interview with Outside magazine , the President admitted , “ I ’m not one of these extreme bike - rider guys .
I like the cardiovascular aspect .
I like to be able to ride across the ranch . ”
Soon he will have lots of time to do just that .
Annie Lennox : American Music Awards ( PHOTOS , VIDEO )
presented music legendwith the Award of Merit during Sunday night 's 2008 American Music Awards at Nokia Theater in Los Angeles .
In receiving the achievement award , she joins the prestigious ranks of other legends , includingand
Lennox said : " Thank you so much for this .
I never thought that I would live to see the day that I could be 53 years old , standing on this stage where so many people have inspired me .
It has been an incredible journey - music , my friends , my accomplishments with Dave Stewart of the Eurythmics and it is very important that I say half of the award goes to Dave . "
She appeared and gave a very moving musical performance of Why .
Check out photos and video below .
Video below
RED CARPET PHOTOS HERE .
Photos : WENN
In 1958 , Dr. William Higinbotham was working at the Brookhaven National Laboratory on a simulation of bouncing balls and missile trajectories that could predict the paths objects could take .
Suddenly , it hit him : why not apply this to tennis ?
He created Tennis for Two , which depending on your definition could be considered the world 's first videogame , in October of that year .
Video after the jump .
Designing the circuit board and its components took Higinbotham a few days , and building the machine took about three weeks .
On October 18th , 1958 , hundreds lined up to play the newly christened Tennis for Two .
It used a whopping five - inch oscilloscope screen , and featured play mechanics pretty similar to 1972's Pong , though the game was viewed from the side of the net rather than an overhead vantage point .
Why did n't he patent the technology ?
Well , Tennis for
Two used designs extremely similar to what Higinbotham had created in his federal - owned lab , so any patent would have had to belong to the government .
Owning the right to every video game ever sounds pretty sweet right now , given our monstrous debt , but that 's really neither here nor there .
[ NYTimes , thanks Ronald !.
Image : Maxine Hicks / NYTimes ]
US President - Elect Barack Obama is a man with a message , and according to the speeches made during his campaign , that message is ' Change ' .
One of those changes has been somewhat of a snub to the creative industries and their lobby groups - the embracing of Creative Commons licensing .
In some ways , Obama is an enigma .
His meteoric rise to win the presidency from almost complete obscurity several years ago is , of course , the very basis of the ‘ American Dream ’ .
Young for a president ( or even a senator ) , while promising ‘ Change ’ , he has a lot to prove to the younger voters that propelled him into Executive office .
However , with the decision to choose Joe Biden as VP , many worried that with his ties to copyright lobby groups , he would influence things to further increase the reach of already - draconian laws .
Despite this , he was endorsed by both Lawrence Lessig , and the US Pirate Party , with the former ’s wife even campaigning for him .
After his election he wasted little time in establishing a ‘ transition ’ website at change.gov .
However , to the dismay of some , the copyright notices were as draconian as ever .
That has all changed now , though , as the site embraces Creative Commons , opting for CC - BY .
While Obama is not exactly a stranger to Creative Commons licensing – his flickr photos are under a CC BY - NC - SA license – it is no small step to go from photo album to entire website .
What does this mean for copyright ?
Well , as Creative Commons themselves point out in their blog , the group behind change.gov is not a part of the government – yet .
It ’s a non-profit organization , so could ( and did ) fill the site with copyright notices .
Yet , that a Creative Commons license has been embraced by the President - Elect means good things .
Most importantly , that the President has knowledge of less - restrictive copyright methods , and first - hand experience that not only do they work , but that the sky does n’t fall down when they are used , cannot hurt .
That the license chosen was , in Lessig ’s words , the ‘ freest license ’ is more encouraging still .
One can only hope that when the likes of the RIAA and MPAA come to talk about further strengthening copyright , he turns around and says , “ I ’ve been using these great CC licenses , have you heard of them ? ”
Regardless , it ’s a great boost to Creative Commons , as they prepare to celebrate their sixth birthday .
TorrentFreak articles are published under a Creative Commons Attribution - Share Alike 2.0 license .
The New South Wales Government is predicting the state 's population will exceed nine million within the next 30 years , with Sydney 's population expected to grow by 40 per cent .
The new research , released today , also predicts the number of people in the state older than 65 will double in the same period , while the population of Sydney will blow - out by 1.7 million to 5.98 million .
The data shows Sydney will need an extra 636,000 houses by 2021 with the number of people per househould set to drop from 2.61 people to 2.51 .
The annual number of births is forecast to rise by 18 per cent between 2006 and 2036 .
People in NSW are also expected to live for longer with the average life expectancy for men set to rise from 79.1 to 85.6 years and for women 83.9 years to 89.1 by 2036 .
The Planning Minister , Kristina Keneally , says current forecasts for population growth will challenge planners at all levels .
" Whilst these types of population projections are not crystal balls , they do give us a very sound basis on which to make planning decisions , " she said .
" The projection that New South Wales will have 33 per cent more people in 30 years is a big challenge , not just to state government agencies , but also to local councils . "
Ms Keneally says the research will help Government keep up with demand .
" The fact is we need to continue to improve Sydney 's road , its rail and its health systems , " she said .
" When things get fixed , we want to make sure that they stay fixed , and the data I 'm releasing today will help us to do that . "
She says she is confident the current metropolitan planning structures will be able to cope with the increase .
Awesome working production of a Mac Pro made of Lego .
Made out of 2,588 Lego bricks , the Mac Pro was designed in Lego Digital Designer 2.0 for the MacMod Challenge 2008 .
The Hackintosh is a plain PC with a Core 2 Quad Q6600 2.4 Ghz CPU running Mac OS X , while the Mac Mini is a Core Duo 1.66 Ghz .
AWESOME !
Makezine
Convicted felons are not allowed to serve in the Senate .
Harry Reid is asking Ted Stevens to step down in the middle of his re-election .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) was forced into the middle of Sen. Ted Stevens ’ ( R - Alaska ) re-election bid late Saturday night after a senior Senate Democrat endorsed Stevens and called on voters to disregard his seven - count felony conviction .
In a bluntly worded release from his office , Reid warned that Stevens would not only face an ethics investigation but also expulsion proceedings regardless of his efforts to appeal the convictions .
Reid ’s decision to jump into the Alaska Senate race with both feet marks the first time a leading national Democrat has explicitly warned that Stevens ’ ouster from the Senate would be sought .
GOP leaders including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( Ky. ) have already called for him to step down or face expulsion .
Stevens is arguing he can serve Alaskans effectively while the court appeals are being heard .
“ I have not been convicted of anything , ” he told the cameras .
He made that statement during a live debate on Thursday .
“ As the Senate has done in every other instance in its long 220 - year history , I am absolutely confident that Ted Stevens will be sworn into the Senate while he appeals this unjust verdict , I am certain that this decision in Washington , D.C. , will be overturned on appeal , ” Inouye said .
But Reid rejected that reading of Senate history and chastised Stevens for using his friend in a political campaign .
“ While I respect the opinion of Senator Daniel Inouye , the reality is that a convicted felon is not going to be able to serve in the United States Senate .
And as precedent shows us , Senator Stevens will face an ethics committee investigation and expulsion , regardless of his appeals process , ” Reid said .
“ This is not a partisan issue and it is unfortunate that Senator Stevens has used his long time friendship with Senator Inouye for partisan political gain , ” he added .
Stevens should just step down and save himself any further embarrassment .
His behavior in trying to convince people that he was n’t convicted is completely shameful .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President - elect Barack Obama is likely to name Steven Chu , a physicist who runs the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , as his energy secretary , three Democratic officials close to the transition said .
Steven Chu explains his Nobel - winning theory on superfreezing gases in 1997 .
The three officials said the announcement is expected next week in Chicago , Illinois , and that Obama will also name Carol Browner , administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency in the Clinton administration , as the newly created " climate czar " inside the White House .
Chu won the 1997 Nobel Prize in physics and is highly respected in energy circles .
But some Democrats have privately expressed concern that Chu has no political experience as he takes on the monumental task of passing a landmark energy reform bill early next year .
Although Browner is seen as a shrewd inside player who could help the incoming energy secretary navigate Capitol Hill , Obama will face questions about how effective his team will be going up against oil companies and other special interests that do not want to change the status quo .
" Energy is going to be a huge fight , " one Democratic official said .
" They need someone with the gravitas and force of personality to make it happen . "
Democrats have privately floated some other big names for energy secretary in recent days , including California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and former Secretary of State Colin Powell .
But a source close to Schwarzenegger said the governor wants to serve out the rest of his term .
A source close to Powell said the retired general will take " no formal Cabinet role " in an Obama administration but is leaving the door open to an informal troubleshooting role -- such as Mideast envoy -- if the incoming president has a specific mission that needs to be filled .
iReport.com :
What do you think of Obama 's cabinet picks so far ?
Energy is one aspect of the president - elect 's one - year goal to create 2.5 million jobs by 2011 .
The plan , which Obama announced Saturday , aims to put Americans to work updating the country 's infrastructure , making public buildings more energy - efficient and implementing environmentally friendly technologies , including alternative energy sources .
During his campaign , Obama said he would invest $ 150 billion over 10 years in clean energy .
He proposed increasing fuel economy standards and requiring that 10 percent of electricity in the United States comes from renewable sources by 2012 .
All About Barack Obama • U.S. Department of Energy
Ils l’avaient promis , ils l’ont fait : tels de tout petits Tom Cruise , vos Démons ont remonté les wagons du grand Train du Retard pour essayer de rattraper leur décalage .
Et c’est chose faite avec ce 84e épisode , qui en profite pour fêter les sept ans d’existence de l’émission !
Et qui dit « épisode de rentrée » dit « reprises dans tous les sens » donc hip hap hop , voilà une sélection de covers , de remixes et autres réinterprétations en compagnie de vos Démons adorés .
Bon anniversaire à nous , et bonne écoute à vous !
The court ordered Smithfield to reinstate four union supporters it found were illegally fired , one of whom was beaten by the plant ’s police on the day of the 1997 election .
The court also said Smithfield had engaged in other illegal activities : spying on workers ’ union activities , confiscating union materials , threatening to fire workers who voted for the union and threatening to freeze wages and shut the plant .
The unionization campaign this year was conducted under unusual conditions and rules , intended to reduce the vitriol .
In October , the company and the union reached a settlement under court supervision in which the union agreed to drop its nationwide campaign intended to denounce and embarrass Smithfield and the company agreed to drop a lawsuit asserting that the union ’s denunciations and calls for a boycott violated racketeering laws .
The union ’s pressure campaign had been intended to persuade the company to let the workers decide on unionizing not through secret balloting but through having a majority of workers sign pro-union cards .
Under the settlement , the two sides could campaign in a limited fashion , and they could not denounce each other .
The agreement also allowed union organizers on the plant ’s property ; union organizers are generally barred from setting foot on company property , even a parking lot , unless management consents .
“ We won because that gave us more of a level playing field , ” said Joseph Hansen , the union ’s president .
“ That was probably the major thing . ”
Dennis Pittman , a Smithfield spokesman , said : “ It was close , and the people had a chance to do what we wanted all along , to speak their voice in a secret ballot , and they spoke .
As we said all along , we will respect their decision . ”
What good is a site if no one can find it ?
That ’s one of the basic premises behind search engine optimization , or as it is commonly called , SEO .
Websites that rank higher in search engine results pages get far more hits than those sites buried several pages back .
So ever since the dawn of search engines , clever webmasters have been tinkering away at finding the best ways to get their sites ranked higher , and in turn increase its traffic and visibility .
It ’s a race to the top , and as in any kind of competition there are things you can do to boost your chances of “ winning ” .
Some , however , are more dangerous than others .
There are some very basic things that everyone should do to their sites to optimize them to at least a bare minimum level .
That would include such things as making sure you have meta tags for descriptions and keywords , different title tags for each page of your site , and alt tags for all images on your site .
A sitemap will help spiders effectively crawl your site and better ensure that all pages are indexed properly , and a robots .
txt file will help keep spiders out of places that you do n’t want them going .
Various redirects , such as 301 and 302 redirects , will help people and bots find moved or renamed pages on your site .
These are amongst some of the most basic things that you can do to your site to begin optimizing it , and all of them are pretty safe and harmless .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
As you begin to move onto more advanced SEO topics , you will undoubtedly uncover some techniques that sound like a good idea , but are really just dumb .
Some of these techniques may be tempting to try , but are they worth it ?
What is the risk involved , and how easily will they get you banned from the likes of Google ?
What SEO techniques should you avoid ?
Hidden Text
Hidden
Text is a huge no - no .
You as a human might not be able to see the white text on a white background , but you can bet that the bots can and you will get penalized for it .
Think about it : bots are automated and they cannot “ see ” a page as we humans would , therefore they are reliant upon the source code of your site .
Text that is the same color as the background sets off alarm bells .
It ’s not a clever way to stuff your site with extra keywords .
It ’s also something that you really want to watch out for .
A site with less than adequate security can easily be exploited and injected with tons of spammy hidden text , so it ’s a good thing to regularly check your logs and source code to be on the lookout for these things .
Google does n’t care if someone else did it to you – all they know is that it ’s there , it ’s bad , and you will punished for your ignorance .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Buying Links
This is a hotly debated topic .
Is it or is it not alright to boost your rankings by purchasing links on high authority , high traffic , and high PageRank sites ?
Personally I think it ’s alright .
Google believes otherwise , and unofficial Google spokesman Matt Cutts has made an issue of it .
Putting aside the question of whether it is right or wrong , if it is something you choose to do , the stupidest thing that you could do would be to purchase a ton of links with the exact same anchor text .
Did you just get 100 new links that all have the anchor text “ blackhat fish ” ?
If you did , shame on you .
You just committed one of the cardinal sins of effective link buying .
If you ’re going to go about buying links to your site , the key is to make it look as natural as possible , otherwise Google may slap you with a penalty .
If you ’re buying links purely for their link juice and not just for marketing and to get your name out , you want to make sure that none of these words appear near your newly purchased link : “ sponsors ” , “ advertising ” , “ supporters ” , and other similar words that might suggest your link was bought .
This is why contextual linking within blog posts and articles has become so popular – it ’s easy to sneak in a link , and if you throw in another link or two to some authority sites , it looks even more natural .
Instead of purchasing 100 “ blackhat fish ” links , why not try to mix it up a bit ?
Get a few “ blackhat seo fish ” , a few “ blackhat fish ” , and maybe even a couple “ black - hat fish ” or “ black hat fish seo ” links ?
Get the idea ?
Using similar anchor texts is alright , but using the SAME anchor texts will get you caught .
Never , ever buy a ton of links with the same text , and a lot of new links at all once might also raise some flags , so try to spread your efforts out over a period of time .
Be patient , be smart , and do n’t be stupid .
Cloaking
Cloaking is the practice of showing different content to the spiders that crawl your site than you show to your actual human users .
Search engines do n’t like it one bit , and no matter whether your intentions were pure or deceptive , they wo n’t care – you will be slapped with a penalty when they find out .
You may even get banned and de-indexed , which really just defeats the purpose of doing SEO in the first place .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Duplicate Content
Duplicate content is another big no - no .
Search engines only want to index original content , not the same thing 50 times .
When duplicate content is detected , only one of them is likely to be indexed , and the others will probably end up in the dreaded supplemental index .
These duplicate pages wo n’t rank .
On a similar note , doorway pages are also a very bad idea .
These are pages designed specifically to draw search engine traffic to your site .
How do you spot one ?
In general , if you ca n’t get to the page by following the site ’s navigation , then it ’s likely a doorway page .
These pages serve no useful purpose than than attracting the attention of search engine users who will click the result , go to the site , and find that what they ’re looking for is not on the page .
Link Exchanges
This was a popular technique in the early days of the web , and it ’s not really effective today .
The whole “ I ’ll scratch your back if you scratch mine ” thing does n’t go over very well .
It looks contrived , and it ’s not natural .
Link building should appear as natural as possible .
Two - way link exchanges wo n’t get you banned , but it wo n’t help you any either .
If you ’re going to trade links , at least try to make sure it ’s a three way thing .
Never link to the same site that just linked to you .
Instead , link to them from another site you own if you wish to return the favor .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Keyword Stuffing
On - page SEO is undoubtedly important , and some argue that on - page keywords have far more weight than those you stuff in your keyword meta tag .
However , stuffing your site with an excessive number of keywords is n’t good , and delicate balance should be maintained .
Sure , you want to rank for a specific keyword and the more times you use it on the page , the more likely you ’ll rank for it .
Just do n’t go overboard .
Try to keep your writing natural and use the keywords as you feel suitable .
Using them too many times will make your site look spammy , which does n’t sit well with either your actual human visitors or the spiders that crawl your site .
It ’s not likely to get you banned , but may in fact hurt your TrustRank , which is like your credibility and reputation with the automated bots .
Link Farms
Just say no to link farms .
Link farms are sites whose only purpose is to artificially inflate link popularity through link exchanges .
Google knows who they are , and if they ’re not on their list yet , you can bet they will be soon .
They ’re considered “ bad neighborhoods ” , and will hurt your rankings .
You may likely be penalized , and your site can even get banned for participating in these schemes .
Avoid the problems , and do n’t give into the temptation .
An endorsement from a bad site is much more harmful than no endorsement at all .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Case Studies and Real - Life Examples
I can preach all day about bad SEO techniques and what could happen if you try them , but that might not be enough to convince everyone .
So what better a way to show you the dangers of bad SEO than to share some real - life examples ?
Below are some example sites who ’ve been bad , either in the present or in the past , that have felt the wrath of Big G .
The V7N SEO Blog :
These guys were recently slapped around by Google in a big way .
Best known for its large webmaster forum , V7n also has a popular SEO blog which happens to have been hacked several months ago .
Long after the problem was believed to have been resolved , Google banned them for some shady SEO .
Spammy text phrases were hidden all over in the V7n SEO blog , which in turn triggered Google ’s spam bot detectors and got them banned from the index .
This is the perfect example of how inadequate security on your site can lead to exploitation by a third - party , and consequently get you kicked out of Google .
V7N admins claim that they were contacted by Google who said they would be temporarily removed from the index , not banned , but I ’m going to go ahead and call bullshit on this one .
Whatever the truth is , if V7N fixes the issues , begs for mercy , and files a reinclusion request , Google will likely let them back in .
How long that will take though remains to be seen .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
BMW Germany :
Think the big guys are immune to the effects of bad SEO ?
Think again !
In 2006 Google infamously kicked the German BMW site ( bmw.de ) out of their index after they were caught using doorway pages .
Tsk , tsk !
This incident made international headlines , and BMW was quick to remove the offending pages , which were apparently live for a whole two years before being caught .
So what happened to bmw.de when they were served with the “ Google Death Penalty ” ?
Their PageRank tanked to an abysmal zero , and they no longer ranked at the top of the SERPS for their most important keywords .
Ouch !
Other Low - Down , Dirty SEO Tactics
I have intentionally left out some other SEO tactics that many would consider shady or “ blackhat SEO “ .
Some of these if not done properly can really hurt your site ’s rankings and get you banned if you ’re caught , while others you can use to effectively sabotage your competitors to move your own site up in the ranks .
I will cover these another day in another post , in the very near future .
Whether you think its morally wrong or not to engage in these tactics , it still exists , and these are techniques you should be aware of if at least to know when they ’re being used on you .
Palin : Statements on war should disqualify Obama as commander - in - chief David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday October 3 , 2008
Print This Email This Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin suggested to Fox News 's Carl Cameron in her first post - debate interview on Friday morning that she thought she had done pretty well in the debate .
In a remark that is sure to be controversial , Palin also told Cameron that Barack Obama 's statements " about the war " should " disqualify someone from consideration as the next commander in chief , " because " some of his comments about Afghanistan and what we 're doing there -- supposedly just air - raiding villages and killing civilians -- that 's reckless . "
Time Magazine 's Mark Halperin found Palin 's implication that Obama ought to be " disqualified " as a candidate for his criticism of Bush administration policy unusual enough to be worth quoting at " The Page , " though he did so without comment .
Palin 's statement about Obama came in the course of some negative remarks about her earlier interviews with Charlie Gibson and Katie Couric .
She confessed to Cameron that " the Sarah Palin in those interviews was a little bit annoyed , " because the " media elite " expected her to answer the questions they asked instead of saying what she thought " Americans want to hear . "
" It 's like ' Man , no matter what you say , you 're going to get clobbered , ' " Palin complained .
" You choose to answer a question , you 're going to get clobbered on the answer .
You choose to try to pivot and go on to another subject that you believe that Americans want to hear about , you get clobbered for that , too .
...
In the Katie Couric interviews , I did feel that there were a lot of things that she was missing . "
Palin 's tendency to avoid answering questions has started to attract unfavorable attention .
CBS 's Bob Schieffer suggested in post - debate commentary , " I must say that I found it a little disconcerting , time and again , Sarah Palin would choose not to answer the question and launch into some dissertation -- sometimes talking points -- and not really address what Ifill had asked her . "
There is even a satirical " Sarah Palin Debate Flow Chart " already online that includes such directions as " Do you have a card that is vaguely related " and " Give your canned response , even if it ignores the question . "
Jane Hamsher at Firedoglake was particularly struck by Palin 's failure to respond to a question directed to both candidates about their Achilles heels , writing that " her complete inability to do anything other than insert prepared speeches into more or less appropriate places became clear when Gwen Ifill asked the candidates about their personal limitations . "
" She does not know what ' achilles heel ' means , " Hamsher continues .
" Watch it .
She Does. Not. Know .
What .
It . Means .
Forget the tight stripper skirt , forget the metallic eyeshadow inappropriate for anyone over the age of 40 , forget the cloying sitcom delivery , the lies , the cruel and calculated needling of Biden by calling his college professor wife a " school teacher " and saying " she 'll get her reward in Heaven " ( to a man whose first wife died in a car accident ) -- she 's an idiot . "
This video is from Fox 's Happening Now , broadcast October 3 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
It had been awhile since my adventures in retail , but recently I started working as a cashier in a nationwide big box store for some extra scratch .
There is an underrated moral struggle that is placed before your average cashier at one of these nationwide chains .
It does not occur in every chain and is usually absent from mom-and - pop local shops , but it is more widespread than you would think once you start noticing it .
It is the decision to sell .
You see , at the Mobil , my job was relatively simple : take people ’s money , put up with their grumbling about cigarette / soda / gasoline prices , be nice , do n’t steal , take out the trash .
At the new digs , the formula is a bit more complex in that it is also my job to let you , the almighty customer , know about the promotions , frequent shopper cards , donation drives , and other various selling points that are open to you .
Each customer will be on the receiving end of no fewer than three offers and three questions over the course of a minute - long transaction .
Some of these involve a ton of words garbled as quickly as possible as I have to explain the donation drive , the promotions , or the frequent shopper card .
Now , imagine throwing all this at a customer who either scowls at you like you are trying to nab their purse or looks down their nose at you as if you have no right to even address them because they are the CUSTOMER and you are serving at their pleasure .
They ’ve already made it very clear to you that they have ABSOLUTELY NO NEED for a frequent shopper card and do not feel like donating today .
They start tapping their foot and waving their credit card at you .
And here ’s the dilemma : despite everything about this interaction pushing you to back off , do you ignore your best social and shame instincts and tell them about the gift that ’s available to them , as well ?
Taking money wordlessly is easy .
Maybe a quick hello or thank you is all you need .
You are not encroaching on the customer ’s time , inserting yourself into a stranger ’s thoughts and plans when all they wanted was a newspaper .
It would be easy to take the first no at face value , be a mediocre employee — especially considering you ’re probably not there to start a career — and save a little social grace and avoid a lot of awkward discomfort by avoiding the rest of the questions .
Or , you can do what I did and rationalize the whole thing to yourself by saying “ Well , they would n’t have known about the discounts or the donation drive if I had n’t said anything , so who cares if I bother a few people . ”
So , if you come to my register , I am going to try to guilt you into donating to those poor sick little bastards that are going to be stuck in the hospital over the holidays and do you have any children / nieces / nephews / grandchildren that have ever been stuck there , oh I know , is n’t it awful ?
And that damnedest thing is that people usually do n’t really need to be convinced .
Despite tough economic times — and after all , I am in Michigan near Detroit , one of the places hardest hit by just about every problem facing our country right now — a huge number of people willingly / begrudgingly donate to the cause .
This makes me feel good about Americans and , honestly , humans , in general .
But I ’ve noticed a trend that I do n’t understand when it comes to people ’s reaction to being asked if they want to donate .
The most common way that someone responds to my query is neither yes nor no , but is some variation of “ We do other things . ”
The identity of this “ We ” is never quite clear and customers almost always say “ We ” even if only a single person is present .
This answer puzzles me .
I understand that giving to the community is n’t a purely selfless activity , but I find it odd that people feel the need to justify their commitment to charity to me , who they obviously view as a stranger .
I know they view me as a stranger because , frustratingly , I ’ve found these people are usually the most likely to yell , whine , condescend , try to weasel a discount and generally treat cashiers like dirt .
When these “ We do other things ” folks look for my approval , I usually give it and mean it .
But just because you donated a few books to your kid ’s second grade class or donated a new multi-million dollar wing to the hospital does n’t give you the right to be a dick to strangers .
Charity is a good thing but it does n’t make you inherently good .
Someone who a mere five seconds earlier was screaming at me over not getting some discount cannot preach to me about giving or question my honesty about where the gifts are actually going as if my being a stranger forces me to lie to them and steal their donations .
I do n’t get it : in one breath , they are extolling the bounty of their kindness toward strangers , and in the next , they ’re treating one like he does n’t exist .
Cashiers are people , too , damn it , even if we are strangers .
December 6 - December 12 , 2008 Edition
Here ’s your weekly roundup of the action out on the edge , where the code is exciting and sometimes even stable .
There were only 32 commits this week ; perhaps we ’re going into a bit of year - end hibernation .
Memory Improvements
A couple of memory leaks got squashed this week .
There was one that occurs in Rails 2.2 when you set config.log_level = : warn ( this fix has been applied to the 2 - 2 - stable branch as well as to edge ) and one that turns up when you call reset_session in an around filter ( this fix is on edge , and will be ported to 2.2 soon ) .
commit commit
Application Templates
There was a bit of cleanup work on the application template feature that was introduced last week .
This included support for installing plugins as git submodules , a couple of small cleanup items , and a rake task to apply a template to an existing application .
With this task , you can now run
rake rails : template LOCATION=~/template.rb
And the changes indicated in the template will be layered on top of whatever code the project already contains .
I18n Cleanup
A few more bits of the Rails infrastructure are now exposed to internationalization , including connectors in Array # to_sentence and separators in Active Record validation messages .
Also of interest to the international Rails community is a patch to add an ActiveSupport : : Multibyte : : Chars#ord method to properly return the Unicode value of the first character in a string .
Odds and Ends
There ’s a new version of the memcache - client ( 1.5.0.5 ) bundled with edge Rails .
This fixes some bugs in the original 1.5 and adds better support for failover and timeouts .
You can read more about it on the Lighthouse ticket commit
Active Record ’s to_xml support gets just a little bit more flexible with the addition of a : camelize option , which converts all of the column names in the output to camel case .
commit
If you test a lot of view code that uses partials , you ’ll be happy to know that assert_template now takes a : partial option that can look for them in the output directly .
commit
And finally , there ’s a patch that has not been applied to Rails yet , but that you might want to go look at in Lighthouse – it adds support for HTTP status code 418 so that Rails can conform to RFC2324 .
I ’m sure the core team would welcome further discussion of this change .
Netherlands Train Station Features World 's First Energy - Generating Revolving Door
December 10th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
I ’ve noticed an increasing trend recently of people trying to squeeze out energy from every possible nook and cranny .
The latest example of this is the world ’s first energy - generating revolving door located at Natuurcafe La Port in the Netherlands .
The door , which will provide energy savings of about 4600 kWh each year , is part of a larger sustainable refurbishment of the railway station .
Natuurcafe ’s door uses a generator that is driven by the energy applied when people pass through .
Supercapacitators store the generated energy and provide a power supply for the ceiling ’s LED lights .
If the LED lights use up all the stored energy , the control unit switches to the building ’s main energy supply .
A large display inside the railway station shows how much energy is being generated by the revolving door as a service to curious patrons .
Personally , I ’d like to see the Natuurcafe amp up its energy - generating capacity with a piezoelectric floor .
Photo Credit : Natuurcafe La Port
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Editor 's note : Nelson Lichtenstein teaches history at the University of California , Santa Barbara , where he directs the Center for the Study of Work , Labor and Democracy .
He is the author of " Walter Reuther : The Most Dangerous Man in Detroit . "
Christopher Phelps teaches at Ohio State University at Mansfield and is writing a history of strikes in American social thought .
Nelson Lichtenstein sees parallels and differences with a famous sit - down strike in 1936 .
( CNN ) --
The factory occupation by 200 workers at Republic Windows and Doors in Chicago , Illinois , recalls one of the most storied moments in American history , when thousands of Depression - era workers took over their own workplaces , seeking union recognition and better wages .
The pivotal battle began on the morning of December 30 , 1936 , when shop activists shut down a General Motors factory in Flint , Michigan , to restore the jobs of three of their workmates fired by the company .
From the windows , they sang in rowdy camaraderie :
When they tie the can to a union man ,
Sit down !
Sit down !
When they give him the sack , they 'll take him back
Sit down !
Sit down !
When GM agreed to recognize the United Automobile Workers , all sorts of workplaces , from dime stores to shoe shops , caught the spirit .
Pie bakers , seamen and movie projector operators sat down .
Even before Flint , there had been occupation strikes at Hormel in Austin , Minnesota ; Goodyear in Akron , Ohio ; and Bendix in South Bend , Indiana .
As often as not , they won .
There are big differences between those events and the occupation at Republic Windows and Doors .
The Chicago workers already have a union .
They seek severance pay , not a raise .
Theirs is a protest , not a strike .
Rather than disrupt production , they refuse to vacate a closed plant .
And their numbers are minuscule in comparison to the half - million American workers who sat down in 1936 and 1937 .
Some of the underlying issues , however , are the same : preservation of jobs , economic fairness and the meaning of democracy itself .
Even if this occupation is quickly settled , it has exposed perfidy and dramatized justice , as did the sit - downs of the 1930s .
Factory occupations are rare because they violate the everyday laws of property , and for the most part American workers are law - abiding people .
They occur only when workers feel morally aggrieved , when they sense that ownership has itself violated the law , when the boss has become the outlaw in their eyes and in that of the community as well .
This was the case in the winter of 1936 - 37 when corporations such as GM and U.S. Steel defied the newly enacted Wagner Act , which President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed to encourage labor unionism and raise purchasing power .
Just a couple of months before , tens of thousands of autoworkers poured out of factories to cheer Roosevelt as his motorcade made a slow tour of Flint and other industrial cities .
" You voted New Deal at the polls and defeated the auto barons , " organizers told workers after FDR 's smashing re-election victory .
" Now get a New Deal in the shop . "
Will history repeat itself ?
The Chicago factory occupiers , overwhelmingly Latino , do n't have much clout , but they rightly sense that the national mood is with them .
Just as FDR once told reporters , " If I worked in a factory , the first thing I would do is join a union , " so too has President - elect Barack Obama declared the Republic workers " absolutely right " in their quest for remuneration .
More importantly , Obama observed that the Republic factory closure " is reflective of what 's happening across this economy . "
Indeed , it is not just that workers are suffering during a severe recession , but that the owners of capital , both large and small , are morally compromised in the crisis that besets the nation .
Bank of America , the giant lender , played a large role in the Republic factory closure when the bank , noting a decline in Republic 's sales , cut off the company 's line of credit .
In normal times , this would have been considered prudent banking practice , but just last month Bank of America received $ 25 billion in a financial bailout meant to keep loans and credit flowing .
But Main Street managers have dirty hands as well .
According to the union , the owners of Republic Windows and Doors failed to give their workers a legally required 60 - day notice that they would close .
And the Chicago Tribune reports that in the weeks before the factory shutdown , people with apparent ties to Republic formed a corporation that bought a similar plant in western Iowa .
It is hardly surprising that Republic 's workers have laid temporary claim to the factory in which some have given decades of their lives .
Its owners and creditors have forfeited their own claims , both moral and legal , to rightful stewardship .
As Sen. Robert Wagner said in response to the 1937 sit - downs , " The uprising of the common people has come , as always , only because of a breakdown in the ability of the law and our economic system to protect their rights . "
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nelson Lichtenstein and Christopher Phelps .
All About United Auto Workers • Barack Obama • Franklin D. Roosevelt
Engaging on Keating
I 'd always thought McCain 's great strength in defending the Keating affair was that he 'd acknolwedged making a huge mistake , and spent his career repenting by recasting himself as a reformer .
So when his campaign puts his lawyer on the line with reporters to contest the details of a congressional inquiry that , largely , let McCain off the hook , does n't that cloud the sin-confession - atonement dynamic a bit ?
In Halperin 's account , McCain lawyer John Dowd described McCain's " former relationship with Charles Keating as ' social friends , ' " and called the situation a " classic political smear job on John . "
Dowd also " thinks that the committee went too far in suggesting that McCain ’s intervention with regulators was poor judgment , " Halperin writes .
But if so , what 's this giant mistake that transformed McCain into a reformer ?
Barack Obama coins were already being sold on television and cable channels by shopping show coin dealers and small non-governmental mints , even before Obama was elected President of the United States .
Colorized coins featuring portraits of him are appealing collectibles because Obama has stirred the emotions of many Americans like no other Presidential candidate in U.S. history .
The sellers of Obama coins play up the historical and emotional aspects of Obama 's success , often marketing these coins as rare , limited edition collectibles that could increase in value over time .
When you mix emotions and investment decisions , your pocketbook is almost always a loser .
Consider the national tragedy when President Kennedy was assassinated in 1963 .
The public scrambled for mementos of this much - beloved president .
Private mints and souvenir factories cranked out products as fast as the audience could buy them .
In early 1964 , the United States Mint began producing half dollars featuring the likeness of President Kennedy on the obverse .
Citizens waited in lines at banks to be some of the first to purchase rolls of these " commemorative " coins .
Today these U.S. coins can be purchased for a small premium over their bullion value .
Coins and medals made by private mints are nearly worthless unless they are made out of solid gold or silver .
Many private mints tried to deceive people by gold , plating the coins , and using confusing advertisements .
Even coins made out of solid gold or silver sold for many multiples over their bullion value .
People who bought these coins for investment purposes are now sorely disappointed .
According to nationally - known coin expert Scott A. Travers , author of The Coin Collector 's Survival Manual , " These coins are terrible investments .
The value of these coins is what you can spend them for today .
And the value of these coins for the foreseeable future will still be the face value — what you can spend them for today .
Do not buy these coins as anything other than souvenirs . "
Obama Coins as an Investment
Travers goes on to warn , " We know that a consumer buys these items as an investment when he or she purchases very high numbers of them .
There is a reasonable assumption that if a consumer places an order for 300 or 500 of these items that future profit potential has motivated the purchase .
If a consumer purchases a small number of coins , we know that there is little or no profit incentive driving the purchase .
Small quantity purchases are often for family and friends .
I recommend never purchasing these coins as an investment or in the hopes of making money . "
Remember , the value of an investment is driven by two opposing forces : supply and demand .
Supply may be low which makes the coin rare .
However , if nobody is willing to buy these from you or your heirs , the value will be very small .
Therefore , if you invested a large sum of money to buy Obama coins , they are worth very little now because the excitement is gone and the supply is large .
A quick search of eBay yields hundreds and hundreds of listings for Obama commemorative coins ranging from a few dollars to twenty or thirty dollars .
Obama Coins Made From Presidential Dollars
One of the most heavily marketed types of Obama coins are the Obama Inaugural Dollars .
The advertisements for these coins had slick TV and Web videos showing emotion - laden footage of Obama walking among crowds of ordinary Americans , and speaking to flag - waving crowds .
One advertisement claims that you can " own a piece of American History " and then goes to incorrectly identify a normal , circulating Presidential Dollar as a " Presidential Inaugural Dollar . "
These coins were common circulating presidential dollars with a sticker or silkscreened paint on them bearing the image of President Obama .
Companies are selling Obama coins for prices ranging from $ 9.95 plus shipping ( total : $ 14.90 ) to nearly $ 30 each , and all they are selling are defaced Presidential Dollars that you can get for $ 1 at the bank !
Manufacturers colorized most of the Obama coins using a Presidential Dollar for the host coin and applying a decal , which is permanently fused to the coin 's surface using a hot glue process .
In doing so , these marketers are wiping out the faces of our nation 's Founding Fathers and placing their garish colorized designs on our U.S. legal tender coinage .
The result is a coin that is numismatically worthless .
Because the colorization process has destroyed the original surfaces of the coins , these colorized Obama coins will never have any value to coin collectors as collectible Presidential Dollars .
State Quarters Also Become Obama Coins
The private mints who create these " collectible " Obama coins are also defacing State Quarters by colorizing them .
Although many colorized State Quarters are made using the decal process , some of these Obama coins are being created by employing a somewhat higher - quality process - using multiple layers of a polymer - based ink to coat the coins with a portrait of Obama .
Marketers are selling one version on TV that uses the Illinois State Quarter 's portrait of George Washington and replacing it with one of Barack Obama .
The Illinois Quarter features a young Abraham Lincoln on the tails side of the coin , resulting in a coin with Obama on one side and Lincoln on the other .
Now there 's a combination to stir the emotions of any patriotic American !
There is certainly nothing wrong with buying colorized Obama coins as souvenirs if you think they are attractive and worth the money .
But buy them with realistic expectations , keeping in mind that manufacturers produced millions of them and that they are not likely to increase in value .
Just because Obama 's election to the presidency is historical , that does n't make every single collectible coin someone is hawking equally historic .
The State Quarter Obama coins are selling for $ 3.95 on up to $ 9.95 for a version with Joe Biden and Obama together .
The bottom line is that the Obama coin is still only worth twenty - five cents .
U.S. Mint and PNG Warn Against Obama Coins
Both the U.S. Mint and the Professional Numismatists Guild ( PNG ) issued warnings about Obama coins , cautioning that the coins are not viewed as rare coins nor an investment , but only as a souvenir item .
Official Obama Coins
As explained previously , there are plenty of marketers trying to cash in on President Obama 's historic rise to the White House by selling so - called " official " Obama coins .
Experts agree that none of these unauthorized Obama coins are a good investment .
Marketers have sold millions of them , and they will never be worth even half of what people are paying for them anytime in the next three generations .
However , there is one coin that President Obama himself has authorized .
Obama 's official non-government
Web site sold these coins during his tenure in office .
The coin , which is technically classified by experts as a " medal , " was offered in three metal compositions : bronze , silver , and gold .
The Official Obama Coins ' Specifications
Medalcraft Mint struck the official Obama medals under contract for Obama 's Presidential Inaugural Committee .
They depict a portrait of President Barack Obama on the obverse ( heads side ) , which was designed by Marc Mellon .
The reverse , designed by Thomas Rogers , Sr. , depicts Obama 's Presidential Inaugural Seal with an inscription below .
The inscription reads , " 44th President of the United States of America Inaugurated Jan. 20 , 2009 . "
The bronze and silver medals are a hefty 2.75 inches in diameter , came with a wood display base , and a certificate of authenticity .
The bronze official Obama medal had no mintage limit and sold for $ 60 on Obama 's Web site .
The silver medal was made of pure ( .999 fine ) silver and sold for $ 400 .
The Obama gold medal is 1.25 inches in diameter and struck in 14 k gold , with a 24 k plating to enhance its appearance .
The only way to get the gold Obama medal was to buy the entire set of three types for $ 3,000 .
The set comes in a hardwood presentation box and includes the certificate of authenticity .
Were the Medals A Good Investment ?
The official Obama coins were a much better purchasing decision than the junk sold by unauthorized marketers .
The bronze Obama inaugural coin is probably not going increase in value because there is no limit to how many the manufacturer could make .
One of the key considerations when buying any collectible for investment purposes must be a rarity !
The bronze Obama medal is not rare nor limited in number .
The silver and gold Obama medals do have a limited mintage , 10,499 for the silver , and 500 for the gold .
But the second question you must ask yourself when buying a collectible for investment reasons is , " Am I paying too much for it ? "
The answer to this question is something you 'll have to decide for yourself , but keep in mind that few collectors can afford to pay such high prices .
The future resale value might not stay as high as the issue price was .
Where to Buy the Official Obama Coins
The most popular place that people bought the official Obama coins was at Obama 's inaugural souvenirs website .
In fact , for the silver and gold versions , Obama 's site was the only place to buy them , unless someone is reselling at a public auction site like eBay .
Several other marketers and coin dealers have sold the bronze official Obama coin for a variety of prices .
If you see the official Obama inaugural coins in gold and silver for sale elsewhere , you 'll almost certainly pay more for them than if you bought them directly from Obama 's store .
There was one other official Obama coin that was sanctioned by the Democratic Party but never sold to the public .
According to the Birmingham Post , the Democratic Party placed an order with the Winston Elizabeth & Windsor ( WEW ) Mint in England for about £ 100,000 ( $ 156,000 ) worth of silver Obama coins that the party was going to use as gifts for supporters .
The WEW Mint made these silver Obama coins from specially - designed dies and issued them in a limited edition of 300 coins .
If you were lucky enough to have received one of these official Obama coins , you just might have a collectible with some potential to increase in value over the years !
After this initial offering , the WEW Mint sold Obama coins struck from dies that were the same , or very similar to , the ones commissioned by the Democratic Party .
The WEW coins which are for sale to the public are not the official coins mentioned above !
They are not part of the rare numbered issue , and President Obama did not authorize them .
Edited by : James Bucki
Over the last year Obama ’s campaign was all over the internet .
He was in people ’s inboxes , on their Facebook pages , in Youtube videos , etc .
The bottom line is Obama got it .
He understood the power of the internet and the quote below proves it .
In February 2007 , a friend called Marc Andreessen , a founder of Netscape and a board member of Facebook , and asked if he wanted to meet with a man with an idea that sounded preposterous on its face .
Always game for something new , Mr. Andreessen headed to the San Francisco airport late one night to hear the guy out .
A junior member of a large and powerful organization with a thin , but impressive , résumé , he was about to take on far more powerful forces in a battle for leadership .
He wondered if social networking , with its tremendous communication capabilities and aggressive database development , might help him beat the overwhelming odds facing him .
“ It was like a guy in a garage who was thinking of taking on the biggest names in the business , ” Mr. Andreessen recalled .
“ What he was doing should n’t have been possible , but we see a lot of that out here and then something clicks .
He was clearly supersmart and very entrepreneurial , a person who saw the world and the status quo as malleable . ”
And as it turned out , President - elect Barack Obama was right .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Rendered in 43.1 seconds , Nedroid Artsoft V 1.6
Once again , if this seems ridiculous and alien , remember how many societies had ( hell , still have ) arranged marriages , often where the groom did n't see the bride 's face until their wedding night .
Was n't the change from that to the modern method of getting matched up with girls by Internet dating sites just as strange ?
Aristotle said it best : " Society is a house , change is a tornado full of woodpeckers . "
8 . There will be a branch of government to rule the virtual world .
If we 're going to make theft illegal in the metaverse ( and hackers will always devise ways to steal , or at least vandalize , digital goods ) , someone has to make and enforce those laws .
Obviously no team of IT guys or game moderators will get to decide how the everyday lives of billions are lived , arbitrarily giving and taking goods and abilities as they see fit .
Would not a common punishment in the virtual world be to shave a foot off a person 's height and add 150 pounds to their weight ?
But , this raises an avalanche of questions .
First , do you limit the amount of " gold " available in the game ?
You 'd have to , once real - world goods can be purchased by metaverse gold ( or whatever is used for currency in the virtual world ) .
The exchange rate with real currency and the inflation rate of the virtual currency both become key as corporations depend on both for their profit .
If you do n't understand the complication here , remember that in the metaverse if you want a 36 - room mansion with a giant guitar - shaped pool , you can have it for free .
No construction crew needs to be paid to build it , no materials have to be bought , no piece of real property had to be bought or paid for .
It 's just bits and bytes .
So do you even have " gold " in the metaverse at all ?
How would it have any value if goods can be created from thin air , for free ?
What if I 'm an interior decorator in the metaverse , going around and using my creativity to dress up their virtual homes for pay ?
How do they pay me for my effort and time ?
How do I , in turn , pay for porn ?
If you say , fine , we 'll just have to go back to using real money to pay for things , remember that real money means nothing to me because I do n't spend any time in the real world .
What am I going to do , buy a real metal - and - rubber car ?
For what ?
Where do I drive ?
It 'd be like Monopoly money to me .
But wait , there 's more .
What about those who live in different countries in the real world -- and under different laws -- but who inhabit the same household in the metaverse ?
Which laws apply ?
Are metaverse laws universal ?
How could you get everyone from different cultures to agree to the same set of metaverse laws ?
Would prostitution be legal ?
Especially if there is no real body - on - body contact with the real hooker ?
If not , what if the prostitute is n't even controlled by a real woman but is just a bot program meant to simulate one ?
What about the customers who want to simulate sex with a bot who looks like a 6 - year - old ?
Legal ?
Illegal ?
No real child is being harmed .
And just how do you punish a rape committed by one virtual character on another , if the real person 's body is left untouched ?
9 . There will be a whole class of wealthy people without a dime to their name .
The trailer park guy I mentioned before -- the one with a virtual world palace -- brings us to yet a new plane of strangeness to consider .
In the metaverse , unlike real life , everyone can be wealthy .
It does n't matter if you have actually invented anything or held a job of great responsibility or even came from a family of great wealth .
Metaverse wealth has nothing to do with life achievement because there is no reason every man can't be a king there .
As I said , it does n't cost the metaverse servers any more effort or resources to render you a sprawling estate than it does to give you a one - bedroom efficiency apartment in the basement .
You get to live a king 's lifestyle , without a king 's responsibilities .
This is another reason the real world wo n't be able to keep up with the virtual world once it takes hold .
Imagine an unskilled kid , doing a minimum - wage job like data entry from home .
The job pays poverty - level money in the real world , but pays a fortune in virtual gold .
For the guy , his smelly one - bedroom apartment is nothing but a storage area for food .
It needs only three rooms , a kitchen and a bathroom , and then a little room with a comfy chair he uses to jack into the metaverse .
The real apartment becomes only an unpleasant little commute on the way to his " real " life .
Hell , you could even sleep in the metaverse , the interface tricking you into thinking you 're lounging on a king - size bed with sheets of silk .
This works out wonderfully for society , as you now have entire classes of the population who live in what used to be considered abject poverty , and are thrilled with it .
You can give them everything they want and need with 200 square feet of apartment and enough electricity to run the metaverse interface .
Their food can be chewy protein bars that the interface will convince them is a five - course meal .
Most jobs will be online and can be done from within the metaverse ( most manufacturing and farming and manual labor will be done with robots at this point , or , as I predict , genetically - engineered land dolphins ) .
If you work the complaint counter at a government office , the office will exist only in the metaverse and thus neither the worker nor the complainer need leave their homes .
And get this :
If the complainer explodes in rage and tries to attack the guy behind the counter , no one is harmed .
You can't really hurt anyone from within the metaverse .
10 .
The rise of the metaverse will go almost completely unopposed .
You wo n't have to trick people into jacking themselves into this one .
It legitimately makes their lives better .
Everything we 've done a as a civilization from the caves until now has been about making a better world .
Well , the metaverse will just be a shortcut , wo n't it ?
We 'll have our Utopia of unlimited wealth and friction - free homogeny .
Population growth will be kept easily under control , since most sexual partners will live separately and wo n't be having meat sex at all ( A guy ca n't get a girl pregnant from 100 miles away unless he's , you know , me . ) .
To have an actual baby will take so much effort and planning that only those who really want one will get one .
That would have to be a change for the better , right ?
The people are ripe for it .
You 've heard stories about how ticket sales are plummeting at movie theaters , in favor of home DVD viewing .
Why ?
Why do so many people want to work from home now ?
Because we 're sick of having to sit with other people .
We want that extra layer of control that meat interaction will never give us .
We want a world without the unpredictability of real , unrestrained humanity .
This could not have been attempted say , 100 years ago , even if the technology had been around .
Back then people believed in all sorts of unchangeable gods and spirits and philosophies that live beyond what a person can see and smell and taste in front of them .
But the Age of Reason did away with all of that , taught everyone to believe in nothing but the real , physical world .
And if the stream of sense data we call " the real , physical world " can be altered to display a superior world , then it 's impossible to say with any conviction that anything has really been lost in the transition .
The modern " I believe it when I see it " religion will be satisfied by simply giving them something new to see .
It was only a matter of time .
Humans got fed up with this world , and so we invented a new one .
I suspect some theologian will come forward in the future to suggest that , in fact , our world was created in the same way .
The gods got sick of their boring spiritual realm and made a more exciting , physical one to replace it .
You should n't be disturbed by this .
Jules Verne was wrong when he said , " the future is a jockstrap made of bees . "
Anything manufactured by machine is destined to be better and more free of defect than anything created with human hands .
Why not extend this idea to reality itself ?
It 's the end of evolution , and I welcome it .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Rendered in 172.94 seconds , operation timed out
please contact your system administrator
There is nothing to fear , and it will happen in your lifetime .
Unless you 're already old or have a terminal disease .
So enough about the struggling middle class .
In this global financial crisis , how are the really rich holding up ?
To find out , I spent several days in Dubai , the most populous city in the United Arab Emirates and world capital of conspicuous consumption .
So far , the ultra - rich are bearing up well .
If the scene at Dubai ’s luxury Burj al Arab hotel is anything to go by , there ’s still robust demand for hotel rooms that start at about $ 1,500 a night and bikinis that cost $ 800 .
This level of consumption is impressive , especially when you consider that the super - rich must struggle with a serious unemployment problem -- almost none of the designer - clad men and women who grace the Burj al Arab appear to have , uh , jobs .
But they cope bravely with this situation , finding in it an opportunity to pay culturally enriching visits to Dubai ’s many beaches , nightclubs and shopping malls .
OK , for us normal human beings , it ’s hard not to be revolted by Dubai , which boasts the world ’s tallest hotel ( the aforementioned Burj al Arab , which is shaped like a sailboat and soars in solitary splendor over its own artificial island ) , one of the world ’s largest indoor ski slopes and the largest shopping mall in the region .
Crammed with cold - eyed Russian oligarchs , coked - out London pop stars and the spoiled princelings of global finance , Dubai is repulsive enough to make most ordinary mortals start rooting for the collapse of global capitalism .
Advertisement
I visited Dubai as a participant in the World Economic Forum ’s Summit on the Global Agenda , where I was assigned to a working group on “ fragile states ” -- though in the midst of Dubai ’s opulence , it felt strange to be discussing the problems of the world ’s weakest and least stable states ( Afghanistan , Congo , Pakistan , Iraq , Zimbabwe , Haiti and the like ) .
Who can contemplate poverty and war when hot - air balloon trips and visits to the Gold Souk are on offer ?
Somewhere , no doubt , there were poor people , people dying for lack of basic medical care and militias rampaging through refugee camps , beating , raping and killing those in their way .
But not in Dubai .
But even ultra-affluent Dubai is fragile these days .
You see , this gem of the postmodern , globalized economy does n’t really produce anything of value -- its oil accounts for only about 5 % of gross domestic product .
Its economy relies on services , tourism and ... that ’s about it , actually .
Those elaborate hotels , malls , amusement parks and skyscrapers ?
Heavily leveraged -- built out of the shifting sands and the same intoxicating thin air that sustained Wall Street until recently .
And Dubai may be going down .
The oil - rich neighbors that helped finance its boom have seen oil prices plummet , and worldwide , credit for speculative real estate projects is drying up .
On Wednesday , the Dubai Financial Market closed lower than at any time in nearly four years ; down 61 % this year .
Sooner or later , even the suntanned loafers here are going to feel the pinch .
Advertisement
I ’m tempted to cheer , but unfortunately , the pain wo n’t be confined to the super - rich .
Nearly 80 % of the United Arab Emirates ’ population is made up of migrant laborers brought in to build Dubai ’s skyscrapers and clean its luxurious hotels .
These migrants come from India , Bangladesh , Pakistan , Uzbekistan and other poor and fragile regions , and once in Dubai , they work long hours in poor conditions , earning an average of $ 4 a day .
But it ’s still more than they ’d earn at home , and the wages they send back to their families help fuel development in their own countries .
The U.A.E. is the world ’s third - largest sender of remittances ; its migrants send an estimated $ 6.5 billion to their home countries each year , an amount that rivals ( and for some countries dwarfs ) formal international development aid .
If opportunities in Dubai ( and other wealthy , migrant - dependent regions ) diminish -- and they will -- many of those migrants will be forced back home , reducing remittances and increasing the pool of labor in fragile states already struggling with high unemployment rates .
The root of the global crisis lies in esoteric financial practices devised by elites , but the fallout will rain down on the globe ’s poorest states .
Advertisement
On Saturday , Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid al Maktoum -- the prime minister of the U.A.E. and the ruler of Dubai -- reminded World Economic Forum Summit participants that “ we live in a global village . ”
It was a safe cliche .
But it was also a polite way to remind the assembled movers and shakers that if Dubai goes down , it will take a lot of others down with it .
--
rbrooks@latimescolumnists.com
We , as a country , seem to have little problem saving the wealthy from the clutches of poverty .
We ’ll bail out banks and insurance companies , mortgage funds .
The formerly big three automakers will meet with the new administration this week to arrange a further multi-billion - dollar bailout .
How can we say no ?
Hundreds of thousands of jobs are dependent on these industries .
So I guess we must help them , but our society is so far out of economic whack .
Most all of our problems seem to evolve from a falling standard of living in America ’s working class , and yet when we call for help for America ’s working poor we are told that it ca n’t be helped .
Here in Atlanta a local food pantry advertises that 40 % of all its recipients are employed .
Just yesterday I read this : " Liberals are traitors , losers , punks , criminals , baby - killers , homos , and the scum of our country .
They are godless , plus they costa lotta money and ya gotta burp em frequently . "
How is it that we have come to hate our own people so ?
Is it then to be assumed that the heads of the banks and insurance companies are liberals ?
The state of Georgia gave Hyundai motors a $ 100 million , ten - year tax credit to build its parts distribution site here in Georgia .
That 's a $ 25,000 per year per employee subsidy ; is that liberal or conservative ?
We let the minimum wage flounder for almost a decade and despite the results still argue about its impact .
We worry instead about welfare queens living the life of Riley while we schlep off to work each day .
Here in Georgia the maximum welfare payment is $ 574 per month .
The program formally known as food stamps is only available to families without children for three months and only if they make less than 130 % of the poverty level .
Why do we call it the poverty level if you must make less than that to qualify ?
If you made $ 15,000 during the first six months of the year and then became unemployed , you are not eligible , period .
If you are self - employed or a contract worker or day laborer , you are not even eligible for unemployment .
If you have recently left the military or graduated from college or technical school , you are not even considered unemployed .
Like the poverty - level figure , the unemployment number becomes a fuzzy , whatever - you - want - it - to - be figure .
After 16 weeks you become a discouraged worker anyway , no longer unemployed at all .
A non-worker , a non-person , ineligible for any assistance of any kind whatsoever .
We worry so about the hive and forget about the bees , but for the hive to ever prosper we must have healthy workers .
We funneled $ 750 billion in to rescue the banks and now the CEO ’s are contemplating whether they should give themselves bonuses !
Are you kidding me ?
Our economy is disintegrating before our eyes , almost a quarter of a million jobs lost in the last thirty days when the economy should be adding workers for Christmas .
We have a cataclysm even more serious then failing banks , failing bank customers .
The new administration , to its credit , is holding its first economic meeting three days after the election .
The Clinton administration held its first meeting in December ; the Bush administration in January .
The seriousness of this situation cannot be overstated as the economy grinds to a halt .
The unemployment curve looks more like a rock climber ’s delight but should be remembered only as a misery index of underpaid workers who , while employed , had been falling behind and now find themselves locked out with no help from anyone save private charities in an 1932 redux .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Also , the price projections in the study are based , in part , on the fact that the ratio of purchase prices to annual rents is still higher in many areas than the historical average , which is roughly 15 times rents .
While past figures may well have some predictive value , I have never been convinced that first - time buyers compare a home that they could own and one that they would rent in purely or even primarily economic terms .
When Jaime and Michael Proman moved this fall to Minneapolis , his hometown , from New York City , they craved a different sort of life after two years together in a 450 - square - foot studio apartment .
“ We did n’t want a sterile apartment feel , ” said Mr. Proman , who is 28 ( his wife is 26 ) .
“ We wanted something that was permanent and very much a reflection of us . ”
Image
The fact is , in many parts of the country there are few if any attractive rentals for people looking to put down roots and enjoy the sort of amenities they may spot on cable television home improvement shows .
Comparing a rental with a place that you may own seems almost pointless in these situations , especially for those who are now grown up enough to want to make their own decisions about décor without consulting the landlord .
Still , for anyone feeling the urge to buy , a number of practical considerations have changed in the last year or two .
The basics are back , like spending no more than 28 percent of your pretax income on mortgage payments , taxes and insurance .
Even if a lender does not hold you to this when you go in for preapproval , you should hold yourself to it .
You will also want to start now on any project to improve your credit score because it may take several months to get it above the 720 level that qualifies you for many of the best mortgage rates .
John Ulzheimer , president of consumer education for credit.com , a consumer credit information and application site , suggests starting to pay down and put away credit cards months before you apply for a loan .
That is because the credit scoring system could penalize you if you use a lot of credit each month , even if you always pay in full .
Also , check your three credit reports ( it ’s free ) at annualcreditreport.com and dispute errors .
Back in November , at the annual Supercomputing event that was held in Austin , Texas this time around , a bunch of supercomputing researchers released the semi-annual Top 500 rankings of the fastest supercomputers in the world .
Now , another set of nerds has added power metrics to the list and done a sort on how efficiently the supers deliver floating - point performance .
What is immediately clear from the Green 500 ranking is that performance and power efficiency do not bear much relation in supercomputing - at least not yet .
The Top 500 list of supercomputing sites ranks the sustained number - crunching performance of a supercomputer ( regardless of architecture , or despite it , if you want to be more accurate ) on a set of Fortran benchmarks called Linpack .
The list is compiled by Erich Strohmaier and Horst Simon , computer scientists at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , Jack Dongarra of the University of Tennessee , and Hans Meuer of the University of Manheim .
The list is useful in gauging the bleeding edge of supercomputing technology , the prevalence of different operation systems , server nodes , architectures , and interconnection schemes , among lots of other data .
( You can read our coverage of the November 2008 Top 500 supers list here . )
The Green 500 resorting of the Top 500 list is put together by Wu-chun Feng and Kirk Cameron of Virginia Tech .
This is the fourth Green 500 ranking , but only the second one that has been made public .
( We covered the first public one a few months ago here . )
According to Wu and Cameron , about half the machines in the Top 500 provided measured electric usage in conjunction with their Linpack results , allowing for a simple calculation of megaflops per watt .
The other half have been given an estimated power usage by Wu and Cameron , and then the list ( available as an Excel spreadsheet here ) is sorted for power efficiency instead of raw performance .
Power on the list is measured in kilowatts , and power efficiency is measured in megaflops per watt .
( This is not obvious in the sheet . )
The first thing that jumps out in this fourth Green 500 list is that machines have broken through the 500 megaflops per watt barrier .
These breakers are all relatively small blade boxes made by IBM , based on its QS22 PowerXCell 8i ( the latest iteration of its nine - core Cell PowerPC chip ) using InfiniBand interconnect between the blades .
The biggest box on the Top 500 list , the " Roadrunner " hybrid Opteron - Cell blade box that has broken the 1 petaflops performance barrier , is notable because it is delivering 444.9 megaflops per watt of computing efficiency ; the machine consumes 2.48 megawatts of juice , however .
There is one caveat , though .
A base QS22 blade with two Cell chips and 8 GB of memory costs $ 9,995 , which is about four times the cost of an x64 blade .
So you can either pay big electricity bills or higher server costs , or try to mix x64 and Cells and find yourself somewhere in the middle .
It was n't all that long ago that IBM was a joke in supercomputing , and the best gear that the company could put into the field to compete against then - dominant Cray and its vector machines and a slew of smaller and clever super makers was a 3090 mainframe equipped with vector co-processors .
That began to change in 1995 with the " Deep Blue " chess - playing box , which was commercialized two years later as the RS / 6000 PowerParallel .
IBM also built clusters of its Power - based AIX boxes , using high - speed , proprietary interconnect , and started taking its wares into the government labs of the world .
These days , IBM dominates the Top 500 list with several different architectures - including BlueGene massively parallel machines with hundreds of thousands of cores , hybrid Opteron - Cell machines , clustered AIX - Power boxes , and clustered x64 machines using as mix of processors from either Intel or Advanced Micro Devices .
ANCHORAGE —
Her last ride on the McCain - Palin campaign plane ended here , back home in the cold and the snow and the familiar .
" We are Alaskans ! " Gov. Sarah Palin , standing with her husband Todd , told scores of cheering supporters who showed up to greet her upon her return to Alaska late Wednesday .
Standing on the icy tarmac on a subfreezing night , Ms. Palin said she had learned much about America in her time on the campaign trail with Senator John McCain .
She also said she looked forward to getting back to her day job .
She promised to work to expand development of Alaska 's oil and gas resources and also to be a voice for families , like her own , that have children with special needs .
She said she would " reach out " to Senator Barack Obama , the president - elect , on these issues and more .
" I just thank God for this opportunity that I have to be your governor , " Ms. Palin said .
" You did so great out there , " one woman in the crowd said .
" We are so proud of you , " read one sign .
A chant gained volume , encouraging Ms. Palin to return to the national stage : " Two thousand twelve ! "
Top 12 Tech Embarrassments in 2008
Technology ’s spawned plenty of headlines throughout 2008 — and cowering next to every story of success is a slip - up someone would like to forget .
We ’ve compiled a dozen of the year ’s worst tech - related embarrassments .
While the good stuff will eventually all blend together , these bad moments will live forever in infamy .
Brace yourself for some blush - building blunders .
1. Most Embarrassing Service Lifespan
Goes to : Lively by Google
In July , Google excitedly introduced its answer to virtual world Second Life : a family - friendly cyber - environment called Lively .
That ’s right , red light regulars — no sex , no dirty talk , no virtual action in this joint .
“ [ People ] know we ’re not going to be putting porn in there , and they ’re looking at it and thinking it ’s a safe place to enter , ” a Google exec explained at the time of Lively ’s launch .
Fast - forward one month , and Lively had turned into a virtual groping ground for preteens worldwide .
Still , these middle schoolers had to get creative , “ thrusting ” robot tentacles to “ pleasure ” other avatars .
Mashable put it best : Google had built a service with “ all the fun of a virtual chat room [ but ] none of the ‘ benefits ’ offered by its competitors . ”
And the public seemed to agree — in mid-November , Lively got the ax , just four months after its debut .
2. Most Embarrassing Online Exposure
Goes to : Chris Cooley ’s Phallic Fumble
Coming in with what can only be described as one of the “ smaller ” mistakes of the year is Washington Redskins ’ tight end Chris Cooley .
Cooley , who maintains an online blog of his NFL endeavors , posted a shot of himself studying the team playbook before a game .
Studying the playbook naked , that is .
Now , to be fair , you do n’t see much in the shot .
In fact , that might be an understatement .
The photo — removed from Cooley ’s blog but available here , if you must see it — shows the book on Cooley ’s lap with a little something extra hanging out below .
And the object is not , shall we say , hard to recognize .
An apology was posted a day later : “ We are very sorry that we showed a penis on our website all day yesterday .
That was by no means our intention and we did not want to offend anyone . ”
Anyone can make a fumble , but you ’ve gotta wonder how this one slipped by .
Looks like someone was n’t using his head .
Er… yeah , nevermind .
3. Most Embarrassing E-Mail Revelation
Goes to : The Sarah Palin - Yahoo Mail Saga
In case our next winner did n’t have enough public humiliation this year , the Internet brought her one more dose .
We ’re talking , of course , about Sarah Palin and the now - infamous Yahoo Mail hack .
Palin , it had been discovered , was using a couple of Yahoo accounts for official government business — a move questioned by activists who claimed her Alaskan administration was trying to avoid laws requiring government e-mails to be placed in public record .
Seemingly , it also did n’t sit well with a hacker .
The guy used Yahoo Mail ’s simplistic security protection to pose as Palin and reset her password , then proceeded to post images from her account onto the Web .
Whoopsie daisy .
This , my friends , is why we do n’t use low - security Webmail services for official government messaging .
4. Most Embarrassing Display of Desperation
Goes to : Microsoft Live ’s Cashback Promotion
Unable to secure any traction for its
Live search engine , Microsoft ’s tactic of 2008 has been bribery — and lots of it .
The company first started its Cashback program in May , basically offering users money to turn to Live for search .
You look up products on the struggling site , and you get money back on any resulting purchases you make .
The initial idea was groan - inducing enough .
But then , despite statistics showing Microsoft had actually lost market share since starting the program — a full 6.5 percent drop from April to October — the Live crew kept insisting the program was a success , even expanding it in early December .
( Google , by the way , gained market share in the same time Microsoft ’s Cashback program was “ working . ”
Even Yahoo somehow managed to grow . )
Search for “ desperate , ” and this sad stunt should show up high .
5. Most Embarrassing Result of Internet Reporting
Goes to : The Death ( and Subsequent Near Death ) of Steve Jobs
What a year for Steve Jobs .
Apple ’s man main briefly died , then a couple months later had a heart attack and was rushed to the hospital — all while he unwittingly went about his day - to - day life .
The first fake scare for the Mac master came in August , when Bloomberg mistakenly published Jobs ’ obituary to its Web site .
The news service had prewritten a 17 - page account , and someone hit the wrong key .
Jobs was quickly resurrected , but it did n’t take long for his second bout of mistaken misfortune to arrive .
In October , a story posted on CNN ’s citizen journalism site , iReport , quoted a “ reliable insider ” as saying claimed Jobs had suffered a “ major heart attack ” and was hospitalized .
This time , Apple ’s stock shot down as the news quickly spread over the Internet .
Needless to say , the whole thing turned out to be a hoax .
“ Unfiltered ” news , indeed .
6. Most Embarrassing Data Investigation
Goes to : The TSA ’s Lost Laptop Probe
Leave it to America ’s Transportation Security Administration to lose a laptop full of sensitive data , start a full - fledged investigation — then realize the thing was sitting inside its office the whole time .
Did you hear about this one ?
The TSA reported a checkpoint laptop at San Francisco ’s airport as missing in August .
The computer had tens of thousands of passengers ’ personal information on it , and it could n’t be found anywhere .
The TSA shut down its prescreening program and started a search .
National media outlets were notified , and reports hit papers across the country .
Then , the TSA realized the laptop had been in its own office all along .
Oops .
Actually losing the thing might have been less embarrassing in the end .
7. Most Embarrassingly Overhyped Launch
Goes to : Cuil
Few Internet startups have seen the kind of hype that Cuil managed to build leading up to its launch .
The search engine , started by some former Googlers , promised to be “ bigger , faster , and better ” than the giant G .
It was built on “ contextual ” search that would change the way the Web worked , we heard .
Tech blogs went ga - ga with coverage anticipating the mysterious new entity .
Then the site actually went up , and the expectations went right down .
Laughable results and overwhelmed servers combined to kill the Cuil buzz faster than you can say “ Sergey Brin . ”
These days , Alexa data shows the search engine seeing less than a single percent of Internet users visiting its site , compared to Google ’s roughly 28 percent .
Bigger than Google ?
A bigger failure , perhaps .
Guess Cuil is n’t so cool after all .
8. Most Embarrassing Public Stance
Goes to : The Associated Press Take On Bloggers
The way we get information is constantly evolving .
Alternative media sources are taking an increasingly prominent role in the delivery of news , and bloggers are a big part of that mix .
You might think , then , that one of the world ’s leading news organizations would learn how to adapt and embrace the changing culture for its own benefit .
Of course , you ’d be wrong .
Instead , the Associated Press decided to fight the blogosphere this year , formulating its own set of standards as to how online publications could use its information .
Fair use doctrines be damned , the AP said using even small excerpts of its stories within a blog was out of line and out of the question .
The AP did accomplish something with its silly stance :
It alienated itself from some of the most influential players in modern media .
Countless blogs and online publications pledged to stop referencing and linking to Associated Press stories altogether .
Incoming links are often called the “ currency of blogs , ” playing a significant role in visibility and search placement .
Not that a company that just slashed 10 percent of its workforce needs to worry about such things .
Riiiight .
Well - played , AP .
Well - played .
9. Most Embarrassing Mobile Moment
Goes to : iPhone 3G Activation
Everyone knew the first day of iPhone 3G sales was going to be huge .
Everyone , it seemed , except for Apple .
The company suffered what can only be described as a major meltdown , as subscribers who ’d waited in long lines found themselves unable to activate their new phones .
In - store customers were turned away and asked to try activating their phones later from home .
But activation servers would n’t work over the Internet either , leaving people with a useless device and no functioning phone .
Gee , if only Apple could somehow have anticipated the response — or maybe had some past experience with overwhelmed servers to learn how to handle it — maybe things could have gone more smoothly .
10 . Most Embarrassing Response to a Security Flaw
Goes to : The Boston Transportation Hack Fiasco
File this one under “ How Not to Handle a Security Flaw ” : A couple of students from MIT found a loophole within Boston ’s “ T ” subway system .
The flaw , they discovered , would let anyone add limitless value onto the system ’s payment cards .
The students , planning to present their findings at the DEFCON 16 annual hackers ’ conference , met with transportation officials in advance to discuss their report .
Then , just before the conference , the Transportation Authority filed a federal complaint and got a temporary restraining order to keep the students from talking .
In doing so , it also inadvertently published the students ’ full report ( PDF ) to the Web as part of public record .
It gets better , though .
Even after realizing anyone in the world could access the entire report , the Transportation Authority fought to extend its restraining order against the students .
Long story short , it got shut out .
A federal judge denied the request , the students got an “ A ” on their project , and the security flaw got far more attention than it would have had the Transportation Authority not thrown its fit .
Irony can be so satisfying sometimes .
11 . Most Embarrassingly Transparent Lie
Goes to : Metallica ’s “ We ’re Okay With Filesharing ”
Metallica seemed to be singing a new tune in 2008 .
Eight years after drummer Lars Ulrich led the war against filesharing , ultimately resulting in the shutdown of the original Napster , the band worked hard to give the appearance of a reformed approach .
Ulrich released a video in which he talked casually about sharing Metallica ’s music online .
“ The band is trying to salvage its reputation by embracing , at long last , the realities of online music , ” Wired.com observed at the time .
The little fella even went as far as to act totally cool with the fact that his band ’s then - unreleased CD had been leaked onto the Web .
“ It ’s 2008 and it ’s part of how it is these days , so it ’s fine .
We ’re happy , ” he insisted .
So happy , in fact , that the band quietly cancelled an interview with a newspaper after learning the reporter had listened to some of those leaked tracks online .
In a similarly sneering display , Metallica demanded numerous bloggers take down advance reviews they ’d written of the new album .
Their reviews were based on a listening party held by the label itself .
It ’s sad but true .
Could these guys be any more out of touch with the digital age ?
Maybe they should consider a partnership with our pals at the AP — we hear they ’re big into outdated ideology , too .
12 . Overall Achievement In International Embarrassment
Goes to : Jerry Yang
Who else could top our list of biggest tech embarrassments but Mr. Yahoo himself ?
For his endless string of amazingly asinine actions , we hereby award Jerry Yang the Overall Achievement in International Embarrassment .
The race was n’t even close .
There ’s not much that can be said about Yang ’s year that has n’t already been discussed ad nauseum .
The guy drove his company into the ground , making dumb decision after dumb decision — all while continually talking up how great things were going and how Yahoo ’s big day was right around the corner .
Even in announcing his long - overdue resignation in November , Yang disregarded what everyone in the world could see and kept pretending he ’d done a great job :
“ It ’s been an extraordinary year here at Yahoo . ”
“ I truly believe we ’ve made tangible progress in bringing our strategic vision to life . ”
“ Now I believe the time is right for us to bring in a new leader — someone who will build on the important pillars we ’ve put in place and who will take the reins on the critical decisions our company faces . ”
Important pillars ?
Like the share value that ’s now a third of what Microsoft offered to pay when you turned them down ?
Critical decisions ?
Like how to undo the immeasurable damage you ’ve done ?
Oh , Jerry … Jerry , Jerry , Jerry .
All I can say is that “ Chief Yahoo ” is perhaps the most fitting title I ’ve ever seen a man hold .
Congratulations .
* * * * *
So that does it — our Top 12 Tech Embarrassments in 2008 .
Some of the memories make us laugh ; others still cause us to cringe ( cough cough Yahoo ) .
And there are , no doubt , countless other mess - ups we did n’t even get to .
Feel free to make your own additions in the comments section below .
Of course , the year is n’t quite over yet .
Here ’s hoping no one Yangs up another tech company in 08 ’s remaining days , or we ’ll have to go right back to square one .
Now , that ’d just be plain embarrassing .
A variety of pills in an undated file photo .
REUTERS / File
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - More and more U.S. children are being given drugs to fight chronic conditions such as asthma and hyperactivity , according to a study published on Monday .
From 2002 to 2005 prescriptions for medicines to treat type - 2 diabetes doubled , asthma medications rose by more than 46 percent , medicines for attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder increased by more than 40 percent and prescriptions for cholesterol - lowering drugs were up by 15 percent .
The study was conducted by Emily Cox of Express Scripts Inc. in St. Louis , a manager of pharmacy insurance benefit plans , Dr. Donna Halloran of the Pediatric Research Institute in St. Louis , and Douglas Mager of the Kansas Health Institute in Topeka .
In a report published in the November issue of Pediatrics , they said the increases could mean that chronic conditions are on the rise .
But they said the trend could also reflect other factors such as changes in the way doctors prescribe drugs and better screening that identifies more chronic conditions .
In addition , the team said federal programs that encouraged research on pediatric drugs resulted in “ increased data on safety and efficacy in children ( that ) likely provided physicians with a greater degree of confidence to prescribe ( such drugs ) . ”
The findings were based on insurance claims for 3.2 million children aged 5 to 19 .
Five Republicans have won the presidency since 1932 : Dwight Eisenhower , Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan and the two George Bushes .
Only Reagan was even close to being a small - government conservative .
And he campaigned in 1980 more as a tax - cutter and national - defense - builder - upper , and less as a small - government enthusiast in the mold of the man he had supported  and who had lost  in 1964 , Barry Goldwater .
And Reagan ’s record as governor and president was n’t a particularly government - slashing one .
Image William Kristol
Even the G.O.P. ’s 1994 Contract With America made only vague promises to eliminate the budget deficit , and proposed no specific cuts in government programs .
It focused far more on crime , taxes , welfare reform and government reform .
Indeed , the “ Republican Revolution ” of 1995 imploded primarily because of the Republican Congress ’s one major small - government - type initiative  the attempt to “ cut ” ( i.e. , restrain the growth of ) Medicare .
George W. Bush seemed to learn the lesson .
Prior to his re-election , he proposed and signed into law popular ( and , it turned out , successful ) legislation , opposed by small - government conservatives , adding a prescription drug benefit to Medicare .
So talk of small government may be music to conservative ears , but it ’s not to the public as a whole .
This is n’t to say the public is fond of big - government liberalism .
It ’s just that what ’s politically vulnerable about big - government liberalism is more the liberalism than the big government .
( Besides , the public knows that government ’s not going to shrink much no matter who ’s in power . )
Now it ’s true that the size of the government and the modern liberal agenda are connected .
It ’s also true that modern conservatism has to include a strong commitment to limited ( though energetic ) government and to constitutional ( though not necessarily small or weak ) government .
Still , there ’s a difference between a conservatism that is concerned with limited and constitutional government and one that focuses on simply opposing big government .
So :
If you ’re a small - government conservative , you ’ll tend to oppose the bailouts , period .
If you more or less accept big government , you ’ll be open to the government ’s stepping in to save the financial system , or the auto industry .
But you ’ll tend to favor those policies  universal tax cuts , offering everyone a chance to refinance his mortgage , relieving auto makers of burdensome regulations  that , consistent with conservative principles , do n’t reward irresponsible behavior and do n’t politicize markets .
Over the past few days I ’ve been hacking on a Data .
List .
Split module , to be used when you just want to quickly split up a list without going to the trouble of using a real parsing or regular expression library — for example , suppose you are writing a one - off script that needs to read in strings like “ abc ; def ; gh ; i ” and you want to split it on the semicolons to yield a list of Strings .
Of course , such a thing is n’t in the standard libraries since no one can agree on the right interface ; the idea is to provide a whole module with lots of different ways to split instead of a single function , and to just put it on Hackage instead of going through the much more difficult process of getting it included in the standard libraries .
Anyway , more on that when it ’s released , hopefully in a few days .
Like any good Haskell programmer writing a nice pure library , today I started adding a suite of QuickCheck properties .
I set up a framework and added a couple basic properties : 200 tests passed !
I added another : 100 tests passed !
Now I was on a roll , and added three more .
This time … it hung after checking the fourth property only 8 times .
OK , no problem , I ’ve seen this sort of thing before when there ’s some sort of combinatorial explosion in the size of the randomly generated test data … except the test data is so simple that ’s definitely not what ’s happening here .
Hmm … maybe it ’s infinite recursion ?
But I really ca n’t see where infinite recursion could crop up .
Oh , unless … hmm , yes , if function A ever returns an empty list , it would cause an infinite loop .
But surely function A can never return an empty list !
Well , let ’s try it .
prop_A_nonempty x = ( not . null ) ( funcA x ) .
And … Falsified !
Whoops .
If you ’re curious , the case I forgot was when you specify the empty list as a delimiter — obvious in retrospect , perhaps , but without Quick Check ’s assistance , I probably would have ended up releasing the library with this latent infinite recursion bug !
When hurricane Hannah separated two ultra - prosh white tigers from their mother , Anjana came to the ResQte .
Anjana , a chimp at TIGERS in South Carolina , became surrogate mom and playmate to the cubs , even helping with bottle feeding , according to The Sun ( and do n't miss the slideshow ) .
But here 's the truly amazing part : Anjana does this all the time , having raised leopard and lion cubs .
Found via various sites .
You young 'uns may appreciate this explanation of the hovertext .
by Derry Dean .
The banks of lights stretched as far as she could see in both directions , broken occasionally by access paths for the automata .
The only sound was the gentle hissing of the water sprays on waxy leaves , and the ever present gentle humming underfoot .
Even on a ship of six million people , there were places of solitude if you knew where to look .
The hydroponics bays took up barely two percent of the volume of the Far Reach , but to Sarah they were big , and more importantly ; empty enough .
Row upon row on waxy leaved plants sprouted from the artsoil , in pleasingly symmetrical lines , shining from under the suspended lighting gantries .
Sarah ’s fingers ran gently over the artsoil .
If she closed her eyes , she could be anywhere ; on earth in a field under the open sky , or some exotic undiscovered planet .
The effect was only spoiled when you saw the blue tinge on the soil , or the hydro arms waving silently overhead , between the cables , tubes and wires that snaked down from the cavern roof so far above .
The soft susurrus of water mist on leaves and the smell of greenery was lulling Sarah to sleep , and as she was beginning to feel her eyelids droop she became aware of a new sound .
A repetitive thudding was getting steadily louder as she was dropping into unconsciousness .
Almost too late she realised the footsteps were getting closer to her ; standard Mil issue boots on metal plate decking , and very close !
Scrambling to her feet , Sarah banged her elbow painfully on the lighting rig hanging at waist height , setting it rocking conspicuously .
Hurriedly she set one hand on it whilst brushing the remains of the damp bluish artsoil from the seat of her work overalls .
The footsteps had stopped only a few meters away , and as she bent to retrieve her task slate she heard a voice call out .
“ Miss Hopcraft ? Miss Sarah Hopcraft ? ”
There was no mistaking the clipped tones of a Mil officer , and glancing around Sarah spotted a figure in blue standing at the edge of the planting bay , looking in her direction .
Picking her way through the plants , Sarah felt a fluttering as she saw the uniform of a lieutenant on the officer ’s lanky frame .
“ That ’s me . ”
The officer nodded once , and hesitated .
His dark features creased in a slight frown as his gaze darted over Sarah ’s soiled brown overalls and mussed hair .
Sarah felt a flush creep into her cheeks and stammered as she tried to cover her embarrassment and smoothing her jawline length hair .
“ What have I - that is , what is , why are you here , sir ? ”
The lieutenant nodded , and looked away from her as he took off his cap .
The lights shone upwards , reflected from the metal deck , and set his eyes into deep shadow .
Sarah was not tall , and looking up at him reminded her of the scary faces the children would pull at night shining torches at themselves as they told stories of the ghosts and monsters that haunted the passages of the Far Reach .
“ Miss Hopcraft , I ’m sorry to tell you that your brother Aaron Hopcraft was killed today whilst breaking up an asteroid .
He -
It was an accident , and you were on his file of next of kin , so I was ordered to tell you personally rather than wave you … ”
Sarah had stopped listening now .
The fluttering in her stomach had turned into a ball of cold lead .
Aaron ?
But how ?
She had seen him at breakfast only a few hours ago complaining about work , about his EVA suit , about Bonners .
“ I ’ve been ordered to escort you to your home .
Your time off has been authorised .
I have a cart .
Please follow me . ”
Abruptly he rammed his hat back on his head and spun on his heel without waiting for an answer from the small woman .
Sarah stared blankly at the officer ’s narrow back as he strode down the access path to the ground cart just visible above the waving leaves of the hydroponics .
There must be some mistake , she thought .
Tonight Aaron would come in , dropping his things everywhere and hooking one leg over the arm of the chair as he sat down .
She would tell him about this horrible mistake , and they would both complain about the Mil bureaucracy , before Aaron went out to the bar with Aleena and the boys .
Woodenly she sat on the rear facing bench of the cart as the officer took his place behind the wheel .
Starting the electric engine , the lieutenant half turned in his seat .
“ My name ’s Kessel , by the way . ”
Sarah did n’t answer .
The cart pulled off and turned onto the wider path that ran the kilometre down the cavern to the lift tube entrance , picking up speed .
“ It ’s about ten minutes to the main tube from here .
Well , you know that , you work here . ”
Sarah reached out and ran her fingers along the wet leaves as they sped past , water splashing from her fingertips onto the path behind them and receding into the distance .
She sensed Kessel half turning in his seat again .
“ We ’ll be releasing your brother ’s ashes to you later today to do with as you wish . ”
The cart pulled away from the plants slightly , out of Sarah ’s reach .
She dropped her hand back into her lap .
Caine Confirms Batman 3 Villains !
Alfred actor Michael Caine has confirmed with the studio that Johnny Depp will be the Riddler , and Philip Seymour Hoffman will play The Penguin ...
It ’s one of the biggest — and most hotly debated — questions in fandom … which actors ( and characters ) will director Christopher Nolan enlist as a villain for his third “ Batman ” film ?
Rumors have abounded since the release of “ The Dark Knight , ” and Nolan has remained fiercely tight - lipped .
But now , has one of his main players let slip some of the biggest casting news of the decade ?
In an interview with MTV News , Michael Caine seemed to confirm rumors that the next installment of the “ Batman ” film franchise will feature two very well - known names playing the roles of The Riddler and the Bumbershoot Bandit , The Penguin .
“ They ’ve already got them in mind , ” said Caine , when asked who he ’d like to see take up arms against the Caped Crusader .
“ It ’s Johnny Depp as The Riddler .
And The Penguin is Philip Seymour Hoffman .
I read it in the paper . ”
So Caine is like the rest of us , reading gossip in the tabloids , right ?
Except for one thing …according to the actor , he confirmed the news through the studio itself .
“ When Christopher [ Nolan ] said we were going to do ‘ The Dark Knight ’ next , I did n’t what that meant in Batman terms , ” related Caine , who plays Bruce Wayne ’s loyal butler , Alfred Pennyworth .
“ I said , ‘ What ’s the story ? ’ and he said The Joker .
I said , ‘ Oh , s–t !
How are you going to top Jack [ Nicholson ] ? ’
He said , ‘ Well , I ’ve cast Heath Ledger .
And I went ‘ Ha !
I could n’t top Jack , but if anyone could , maybe Heath could . ’
And he did .
“ I was with [ a Warner Bros . ] executive and I said , ‘ Are we going to make another one ? ’
They said yeah .
I said , ‘ How the hell are we going to top Heath ?
And he says ‘ I ’ll tell you how you top Heath — Johnny Depp as The Riddler and Philip Seymour Hoffman as The Penguin . ’
I said , ‘ S–t , they ’ve done it again ! ’ ” [ Laughs ]
While rumors of Depp and Hoffman have been hot topics around the upcoming film for quite some time , this is the first instance of one of the film ’s stars speaking about the news , as well as Caine citing an albeit unnamed WB executive .
Meanwhile , when asked if he ’s spoken to Nolan about the news or the next installment ’s script , Caine made mention of Nolan ’s vacation , and hinted that , “ No .
He ’s gone .
He ’ll come back with a script sometime . ”
This from MTV ...
DISCLAIMER : ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and ... : ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and ... [ MORE ]
DISCLAIMER : ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and " Safe Harbor " provisions .
This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our [ LESS ] : ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and " Safe Harbor " provisions .
This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our Code of Conduct .
CBM will disable users who knowingly commit plagiarism , piracy , trademark or copyright infringement .
Please contact us for expeditious removal of copyrighted / trademarked content .
Learn more about our copyright and trademark policies HERE
Related Headlines
I guess this is Malin Akerman and some chick named Michelle Monaghan decided to do a mutual Suicide jump like they were Asian students that did n’t get accepted to their school and could n’t face being a disappointment to their family – only instead of dying – they are doing it in a fun and playful not very sexy but still in bikinis way … .
I guess this could have ended in paralysis but instead it ended in her husband Chris Pratt ’s nice pool that will be hers after the divorce as these things usually workout …
Michelle Monaghan & Malin Akerman Bikini Jump of the Day
Posted in : Malin Akerman|SFW
The world is n't just watching the Israeli government commit a crime in Gaza ; we are watching it self - harm .
This morning , and tomorrow morning , and every morning until this punishment beating ends , the young people of the Gaza Strip are going to be more filled with hate , and more determined to fight back , with stones or suicide vests or rockets .
Israeli leaders have convinced themselves that the harder you beat the Palestinians , the softer they will become .
But when this is over , the rage against Israelis will have hardened , and the same old compromises will still be waiting by the roadside of history , untended and unmade .
To understand how frightening it is to be a Gazan this morning , you need to have stood in that small slab of concrete by the Mediterranean and smelled the claustrophobia .
The Gaza Strip is smaller than the Isle of Wight but it is crammed with 1.5 million people who can never leave .
They live out their lives on top of each other , jobless and hungry , in vast , sagging tower blocks .
From the top floor , you can often see the borders of their world : the Mediterranean , and Israeli barbed wire .
When bombs begin to fall – as they are doing now with more deadly force than at any time since 1967 – there is nowhere to hide .
There will now be a war over the story of this war .
The Israeli government says , " We withdrew from Gaza in 2005 and in return we got Hamas and Qassam rockets being rained on our cities .
Sixteen civilians have been murdered .
How many more are we supposed to sacrifice ? "
It is a plausible narrative , and there are shards of truth in it , but it is also filled with holes .
If we want to understand the reality and really stop the rockets , we need to rewind a few years and view the run-up to this war dispassionately .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Israeli government did indeed withdraw from the Gaza Strip in 2005 – in order to be able to intensify control of the West Bank .
Ariel Sharon 's senior adviser , Dov Weisglass , was unequivocal about this , explaining : " The disengagement [ from Gaza ] is actually formaldehyde .
It supplies the amount of formaldehyde that is necessary so that there will not be a political process with the Palestinians ... this whole package that is called the Palestinian state has been removed from our agenda indefinitely . "
Ordinary Palestinians were horrified by this , and by the fetid corruption of their own Fatah leaders , so they voted for Hamas .
It certainly would n't have been my choice – an Islamist party is antithetical to all my convictions - but we have to be honest .
It was a free and democratic election , and it was not a rejection of a two - state solution .
The most detailed polling of Palestinians , by the University of Maryland , found that 72 per cent want a two - state solution on the 1967 borders , while fewer than 20 per cent want to reclaim the whole of historic Palestine .
So , partly in response to this pressure , Hamas offered Israel a long , long ceasefire and a de facto acceptance of two states , if only Israel would return to its legal borders .
Rather than seize this opportunity and test Hamas 's sincerity , the Israeli government reacted by punishing the entire civilian population .
It announced that it was blockading the Gaza Strip in order to " pressure " its people to reverse the democratic process .
The Israelis surrounded the Strip and refused to let anyone or anything out .
They let in a small trickle of food , fuel and medicine – but not enough for survival .
Weisglass quipped that the Gazans were being " put on a diet " .
According to Oxfam , only 137 trucks of food were allowed into Gaza last month to feed 1.5 million people .
The United Nations says poverty has reached an " unprecedented level . "
When I was last in besieged Gaza , I saw hospitals turning away the sick because their machinery and medicine was running out .
I met hungry children stumbling around the streets , scavenging for food .
It was in this context – under a collective punishment designed to topple a democracy – that some forces within Gaza did something immoral : they fired Qassam rockets indiscriminately at Israeli cities .
These rockets have killed 16 Israeli citizens .
This is abhorrent : targeting civilians is always murder .
But it is hypocritical for the Israeli government to claim now to speak out for the safety of civilians when it has been terrorising civilians as a matter of state policy .
The American and European governments are responding with a lop - sidedness that ignores these realities .
They say that Israel cannot be expected to negotiate while under rocket fire , but they demand that the Palestinians do so under siege in Gaza and violent military occupation in the West Bank .
Before it falls down the memory hole , we should remember that last week , Hamas offered a ceasefire in return for basic and achievable compromises .
Do n't take my word for it .
According to the Israeli press , Yuval Diskin , the current head of the Israeli security service Shin Bet , " told the Israeli cabinet [ on 23 December ] that Hamas is interested in continuing the truce , but wants to improve its terms . "
Diskin explained that Hamas was requesting two things : an end to the blockade , and an Israeli ceasefire on the West Bank .
The cabinet – high with election fever and eager to appear tough – rejected these terms .
The core of the situation has been starkly laid out by Ephraim Halevy , the former head of Mossad .
He says that while Hamas militants – like much of the Israeli right - wing – dream of driving their opponents away , " they have recognised this ideological goal is not attainable and will not be in the foreseeable future . "
Instead , " they are ready and willing to see the establishment of a Palestinian state in the temporary borders of 1967 . "
They are aware that this means they " will have to adopt a path that could lead them far from their original goals " – and towards a long - term peace based on compromise .
The rejectionists on both sides – from Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran to Bibi Netanyahu of Israel – would then be marginalised .
It is the only path that could yet end in peace but it is the Israeli government that refuses to choose it .
Halevy explains : " Israel , for reasons of its own , did not want to turn the ceasefire into the start of a diplomatic process with Hamas . "
Why would Israel act this way ?
The Israeli government wants peace , but only one imposed on its own terms , based on the acceptance of defeat by the Palestinians .
It means the Israelis can keep the slabs of the West Bank on " their " side of the wall .
It means they keep the largest settlements and control the water supply .
And it means a divided Palestine , with responsibility for Gaza hived off to Egypt , and the broken - up West Bank standing alone .
Negotiations threaten this vision : they would require Israel to give up more than it wants to .
But an imposed peace will be no peace at all : it will not stop the rockets or the rage .
For real safety , Israel will have to talk to the people it is blockading and bombing today , and compromise with them .
The sound of Gaza burning should be drowned out by the words of the Israeli writer Larry Derfner .
He says : " Israel 's war with Gaza has to be the most one - sided on earth ...
If the point is to end it , or at least begin to end it , the ball is not in Hamas 's court – it is in ours . "
From the LP of Colorado blog :
Sen .
Jennifer Veiga is not overly concerned about receiving coal in her stocking this year from some mom-and - pop liquor store owners .
While some smaller liquor retailers praised the senator from Denver this year for passing legislation that permitted the stores to open on Sundays , she may be receiving a few angry letters for pursuing legislation in the coming weeks that would permit convenience and grocery stores to compete by selling full - strength beer .
http://www.thedenverdailynews.com/article.php?aID=2810
This is a good step , but really the government has no business trying to micromanage alcohol sales .
Imagine for a second this kind of micromanaging being applied to any other product , even a controversial product like cigarettes .
Imagine how silly it would seem to pass a law saying you cannot buy cigarettes between certain hours everyday and on Sundays you can only buy low tar cigarettes at one type of store , but at another type of store you can buy whatever kind of cigarette you want .
Irving Fisher ( 1867 - 1947 ) was perhaps the most noted economist of his day .
The Concise Encyclopedia of Economics calls him " one of America 's greatest mathematical economists and one of " its clearest writers .
He earned special acclaim for his work on monetary and statistical theory , policy , index numbers , econometrics , and the distinction between real and nominal interest rates .
He 's also remembered for having made one of the worst and most ill - timed ever stock market calls that cost him his reputation and millions in the subsequent crash - on October 17 , 1929 ( a week before Black Thursday ) when he said " stock prices had reached what looks like a permanently high plateau . "
He made the call in a climate much like mid-2007 - one of economic growth and easy credit producing speculative excess , bubbles , and the belief that good times would continue unabated .
They did n't then and never do but only in hindsight are those lessons learned .
Investors forget what Keynes once taught when he said : " Speculators may do no harm as bubbles on a steady stream of enterprise .
But the position is serious when enterprise become the bubble on a whirlwind of speculation .
When the capital development of a country becomes a by - product of the activities of a casino , the job is likely to be ill - done . "
So it was in the 1920s , in the 1990s , and post - 2000 , but even Keynes was wrong in 1927 when he said : " We will not have any more crashes in our time . "
After the 1929 crash and deepening downturn , Fisher analyzed what happened and in 1933 wrote his " Debt - Deflation Theory of Great Depressions . "
It raised disturbing questions about the roles of the Fed , Wall Street and Washington , and , as a result , was largely ignored .
Given the book 's relevance today , this article reviews the most significant of his " 49 tentative conclusions . "
He believed two major factors cause depression - excess debt ( based on easy credit and loose lending practices ) and deflation , especially in combination .
Others also affect business cycles , but they 're secondary to the main ones .
Financial expert and investor safety advocate Martin Weiss recalls what his father , Irving , taught .
He lived through the 1920s , the 1929 crash , and Great Depression and tracked data as it was released " to figure out what might happen next .
( He ) was an analyst and that was ( his ) job . "
" Years later economists like Milton Friedman and ( his ) young friend Alan Greenspan ( tried ) to decipher what went wrong .
They concluded that it was mostly the government 's fault , especially the Federal Reserve .
They developed the theory that the next time we 're on the brink of depression , the government has got to step in and nip it in the bud .
Bah !
Those guys were n't back there back then ( like Irving was ) . "
He " saw exactly what the Fed was doing in the 1930s :
They did everything in their power to stop the panic .
They coddled the banks .
They pumped in billions of dollars .
But it was no use .
They eventually figured out they were just throwing good money after bad .
The real roots of the 1930s bust were in the 1920s boom .
That 's when the Fed gave ( loads of ) cheap money to the banks . "
They loaned it to brokers who loaned it to speculators , and a bubble was created and imploded .
" In 1929 , our economy was a house of cards .
It did n't matter which cards we propped up or which ones we let fail .
We obviously could n't save them all .
So no matter what we did , " and the longer we denied reality , " the worse it was for everyone .
The sooner we accepted it , the sooner " a real recovery was possible .
Fisher understood it also and wrote about it in his book .
Besides the early years of the Great Depression ( before its full impact or length could be known ) , he used the Panic of 1837 as an example .
It was caused by heavy demand for loans to buy land , build businesses , and invest in the country 's development .
Prices began rising , economic strains built up , and a speculative bubble developed that burst in New York on May 10 when every bank stopped payment in specie ( gold or silver coinage ) .
A five year depression followed .
Many banks failed , and unemployment soared to record levels .
Andrew Jackson was blamed for requiring that gold and silver currency ( not fiat paper ) be used to pay for government land .
Also for not renewing the Second Bank of the United States charter and withdrawing government funds from the bank .
Most historians believe it but more recent scholarship cites other causes instead .
What 's not disputed was the speculative excess that came to a painful end .
The Panic of 1857 ended the boom years following the 1846 - 1848 Mexican War .
It gave America undisputed control of Texas , established the US - Mexican border at the Rio Grande River , seized the present - day states of California , Nevada , Utah , and parts of Colorado , Arizona , New Mexico , and Wyoming , and opened this vast new area to speculation and development .
Much of it was to expand railroads .
It proved unsustainable and led to crisis .
The failure of the New York branch of the Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Co. was the proximate cause .
It ignited panic as a result of massive embezzlement and heavy losses on depreciated railroad investments .
Eroded public confidence took over , setting off a chain of events as follows : -- investment money dried up ; -- British investors pulled out of American banks because of fears of their unsoundness ; -- grain prices fell and heavily impacted rural areas ; -- inventories piled up in warehouses ; -- massive layoffs followed ; -- railroads failed because of over - building ; -- 5000 businesses failed within a year ; and -- land prices collapsed ruining thousands of investors .
A further blow was losing 30,000 pounds of San Francisco Mint gold at sea intended for eastern banks .
Confidence eroded further in the government 's ability to back paper currency with specie .
In October , a bank holiday in New England and New York failed to avert runs in the states .
Panic spread to Europe , South America and Asia and , while brief , did n't fully abate until the 1861 War Between the States ( the American Civil War ) .
The Panic of 1873 ( near the onset of the Gilded Age ) was called " the real Great Depression " by some .
It began eight years after war ended and started a six - year depression until 1879 .
It was triggered by the Vienna Stock Exchange crash in May ( the so - called Grunderkrach or " founders ' crash " ) , then spread to America in the fall .
The key event was the failure of Jay Cooke and Company , the nation 's preeminent investment bank , the principal backer of the Northern Pacific Railroad , and holder of most government wartime loans .
It triggered a series of events that followed .
The New York Stock Exchange closed for 10 days .
Credit dried up .
Banks demanded payment of their loans .
Investors rushed to sell stocks .
Foreclosures increased , many banks failed and most major railroads .
Factories then closed , unemployment soared , and many reasons were cited as the cause - post - war frenetic growth , unregulated speculative abuse , and the extreme overbuilding of the railroads causing panic and depression .
Another factor was also involved .
Like today 's Wall Street banks , the railroads crafted complex financial instruments promising a fixed return .
Few investors understood them or that in case of default they 'd get nothing .
Initially the bonds sold well , but fell after 1871 when investors doubted their value .
As prices weakened , railroads assumed short - term bank loans to keep expanding .
When rates skyrocketed in 1873 , they were in trouble , and when Jay Cooke ( in September ) defaulted on his debt the stock market crashed .
Hundreds of banks failed , the panic continued for five years and even longer in Europe .
What harmed the public , banks , and railroads created opportunity for well capitalized industrialists like Rockefeller , Carnegie , and Cyrus McCormick .
It let them buy assets at fire - sale prices , began the so - called Gilded Age , and triggered the onset of powerful business concentration .
Small factories and businesses were out of luck .
Many shut down .
Tens of thousands of workers lost jobs .
Unemployment in New York alone reached 25 % .
Workers demonstrated in Boston , New York , Chicago and elsewhere demanding work , and some of the most violent strikes in American history followed .
One was a nationwide railroad action in 1877 in which mobs destroyed hubs in Pittsburgh , Chicago , and Cumberland , MD .
Times were even harder in Central and Eastern Europe and lasted longer .
The panic of 1893 caused another depression until 1897 that according to some was as severe or worse than the 1873 crisis .
Various factors were blamed - railroad overbuilding , shaky financing , the usual kinds of speculation , and a run on the gold supply among others .
In early May , the New York stock market fell sharply and crashed by late June .
A severe credit crisis followed .
About 15,000 businesses , 600 banks and 74 railroads failed , and unemployment tripled from one to three million by mid-1894 .
Workers responded in the first ever march on Washington .
Businessman populist Jason Coxey led his " Coxey 's Army " ( numbering about 500 ) from Massilon , Ohio ( beginning March 25 , Easter Sunday ) to the nation 's capital to demand jobs and present Congress with " a petition with boots on . "
Local police intervened .
The marchers were disbanded .
Coxey was arrested , spent 20 days in jail for disturbing the peace and violating a local ordinance prohibiting walking on the grass , was never charged , and then released .
Other panics followed in 1903 , 1907 , and then the big one in 1929 - the Great Crash on three days - Black Thursday ( October 24 ) , Black Monday ( October 28 ) and Black Tuesday ( October 29 ) - triggering bank failures and the Great Depression throughout the 1930s until WW II ended it .
Fisher discussed its cause and attributed it to debt and deflation .
He also explained " cycle theory " - the instability around equilibrium and the influence of " forced " ( like seasons ) and " free " ( self - generating like waves ) cycles .
He stated : " Exact equilibrium .... is seldom reached and never long maintained .
New disturbances are .... sure to occur , so that .... any variable is almost always above or below ideal equilibrium . " " .... at most times there must be over or under - production , over or under - consumption , over or under spending , over or under - saving , over or under investment , and over or under everything else . "
Believing in perfect equilibrium is like assuming the Atlantic Ocean is without waves .
" In the great booms and depressions , each of the above - named factors has played a subordinate role as compared with two dominant factors , namely over - indebtedness to start with and deflation following soon after ; also that where any of the other factors do become conspicuous , they are often merely effects or symptoms of these two . "
This is key .
Fisher then discussed nine interacting factors under debt and deflation conditions that can lead to a Great Depression .
Over - indebtedness leads to liquidation " through the alarm either of debtors or creditors or both . "
The following " chain of consequences " follows : ( 1 ) " Debt liquidation leads to distress selling and to ( 2 ) Contraction of deposit currency , as bank loans are paid off , and to a slowing down of velocity of circulation . "
Deposit and velocity contraction ( from distress sales ) cause ( 3 ) " a fall in the level of prices , in other words , a swelling of the dollar . "
If price declines are n't " interfered with by reflation or otherwise , there must be ( 4 ) A still greater fall in the net worths of business , precipitating bankruptcies and ( 5 ) a like fall in profits . "
That , in turn , causes ( 6 ) " A reduction in output , in trade and in employment of labor .
These losses , bankruptcies and unemployment , lead to ( 7 ) Hoarding and slowing down still more the velocity of circulation . "
Velocity refers to the rate at which money circulates , changes hands , or turns over .
Greater velocity means greater demand and faster growth .
It 's computed by dividing the output of goods and services ( GDP ) by the total money supply .
The above eight changes cause : ( 9 ) " Complicated disturbances in the rates of interest , in particular , a fall in the nominal , or money , rates and a rise in the real , or commodity , rates of interest .
.... debt and deflation go far toward explaining a great mass of phenomena in a very simple logical way . "
Fisher explained that loose monetary policy causes over - indebtedness fueling speculation and asset bubbles that are n't sustainable .
" Easy money is the great cause of over - borrowing .
When an investor thinks he can make over 100 per cent per annum by borrowing at 6 per cent , he will be tempted to borrow , and to invest or speculate with the borrowed money .
This was the prime cause leading to the over - indebtedness of 1929 .
Inventions and technological improvements ( at the time ) created wonderful investment opportunities , and so caused big debts . "
Fisher then described " distinct phases " driving public sentiment : ( a ) the prospect of " big dividends or gains in income in the remote future ; " ( b ) selling at a profit for a capital gain " in the immediate future ; " ( c ) " the vogue of reckless promotions , taking advantage of the habituation of the public to great expectations " or the notion that good times are self - sustaining , and ( d ) " the development of downright fraud , imposing on a public which had grown credulous and gullible . "
Fisher 's debt , deflation and instability theory is summarized as follows : ( 1 ) " economic changes include steady trends and unsteady occasional disturbances ( that result in various type ) cyclical oscillations ; " ( 2 ) among the " disturbances " are new investment opportunities ; ( 3 ) these among others create over - indebtedness ; ( 4 ) this " leads to attempts to liquidate ; " ( 5 ) " unless counteracted by reflation , " these cause price declines " or a swelling dollar ; " ( 6 ) " the dollar may swell faster than the number of dollars owed shrinks ; " ( 7 ) as a result , liquidation does n't liquidate ; it aggravates debts , " and the depression grows worse instead of better ; " ( 8 ) extricating from this is either by bankruptcy or reflation through monetary and / or fiscal policies .
Like Keynes ,
Fisher believed that reflation should be limited and temporary , not long , sustained or extreme like under Greenspan and Bernanke .
Otherwise short - term solutions cause much greater problems , now playing out and may become more severe ahead .
As a per cent of GDP , total credit market debt is now double its 1929 level at about 350 % .
It 's rising fast with continuing new new liquidity injections that show no signs of diminishing .
Reportedly the Fed may now issue its own debt - an astonishing move if it happens as it will create unlimited debt amounts and leave the Fed unaccountable to no one for doing it .
As in 1873 , 1929 , and other financial panics , speculation has been rampant , much more extreme than earlier , and debt levels are unprecedented and growing .
As a result , large banks are effectively insolvent , hoard cash , and wo n't lend .
Credit is scarce .
Households are too over - indebted to borrow .
Lenders wo n't extend it anyway .
Unemployment is skyrocketing , and the potentially greatest ever economic crisis is worsening - so much so that London - based GFC Economics predicts successive 2009 months of one million layoffs in the US .
And unprecedented - sized bailouts assure greater trouble ahead .
Using inflation - adjusted numbers , Jim Bianco of Bianco Research said that bailout - related debt cost more than the following combined : -- the Marshall Plan - cost : $ 12.7 billion ; inflation - adjusted cost : $ 115.3 billion ; -- the Louisiana Purchase - cost : $ 15 million ; inflation - adjusted cost : $ 217 million ; -- NASA 's Apollo human spaceflight program - cost : $ 36.4 billion ; inflation - adjusted cost : $ 237 billion ; -- the S & L crisis - cost : $ 153 billion ; inflation - adjusted cost : $ 256 billion ; -- the Korean War - cost : $ 54 billion ; inflation - adjusted cost : $ 454 billion ; -- the New Deal - cost : an estimated $ 32 billion ; inflation - adjusted cost : an estimated $ 500 billion ; -- the invasion and early months of the Iraq War ( not the total war cost to date that 's far higher ) - cost : $ 551 billion ; inflation - adjusted cost : $ 597 billion ; -- the Vietnam War - cost : $ 111 billion ; inflation - adjusted cost : $ 698 billion ; and -- NASA since inception - cost : $ 416.7 billion ; inflation - adjusted cost : $ 851.2 billion .
Total : $ 3.92 trillion compared to around $ 8.5 trillion in bailout funds allocated or pledged thus far with these numbers certain to go higher .
Will deflation and depression follow ?
Who can know , but Nouriel Roubini understands the seriousness of over - extended debt and explains the consequences of falling prices .
It affects " the real value of nominal liabilities , " and makes them rise " as do real interest rates once the nominal interest rate hits " zero .
Hoarding cash and saving " instead of investing is thus self - reinforcing as ( a ) deflationary spiral takes hold . "
He sees the threat of " stag - deflation ( recession / stagnation and deflation ) and " debt deflation " that 's " already forced the Fed into a liquidity trap ( with investors preferring to hold cash ) as the Fed funds rate is effectively close to 0 % and an informal policy of ' quantitative easing ' has already .... flooded financial markets with over $ 2 trillion of liquidity " - now even more than when he wrote this in late November and , for the first time ( on December 9 ) , the Treasury sold $ 30 billion of four - week bills at zero interest .
On July 31 , 2001 , they were auctioned for the first time , to be continued weekly along with regular 13 and 26 - week bills .
Back then , they yielded around 3.5 % .
Roubini sees lots of negatives from current policies , even depression , but he does n't predict it .
He states : " Desperate times and desperate economic news require desperate policy actions . "
However " partially necessary " they may be , they 'll " eventually lead to much higher real interest rates on the public debt and weaken the US dollar once this tsunami of implicit and explicit public liabilities and monetary debt ( the result of rising twin fiscal and current account deficits ) hits a world where the global supply of savings is shrinking .
As most countries move to fiscal deficits ( and reduce global savings ) , foreign investors ( may ) start to ponder the long - term sustainability of the US domestic and external liabilities . "
With the economy " in free fall , " debt obligations at unprecedented levels , and " stag- deflation " deepening , the worst of possibilities may unfold and spread contagion everywhere .
The Bank for International Settlements ( the so - called central bank for central bankers ) showed concern in its December Quarterly Review .
It questions the soundness of near - zero interest rates that may disrupt money markets and " discourage banks from lending to other banks . "
It 's also worried about the " scope and magnitude of the bank rescue packages ( because ) significant risks ( from toxic debt have ) been transferred onto government balance sheets " in amounts great enough to risk future default .
Only in time will we know , but the worst of possibilities are real , especially in America where debt levels are hugely unmanageable , yet they continue to be added to recklessly .
What will unfold and how it will end can't be known .
The human fallout already is huge .
It may end up overwhelming but not as fast as in the 1930s .
According to Department of Commerce Bureau of Economic Analysis figures , GDP fell 26.6 % between 1929 and 1933 , personal income declined 25.7 % , and consumption expenditures dropped 18.2 % .
Given a three - decade US standard of living decline to the present , exacerbated by the intensifying current crisis ( very likely to be protracted and deep ) , it 's very possible those 1930s numbers may be matched or exceeded going forward .
If so , it may just take longer before their full effects show up and are felt .
But look how big businesses are advantaged .
Smaller ones will fail , and the giants will get even bigger through asset acquisitions at fire - sale prices .
As they say , what goes around , comes around but much to the public 's detriment as it always is .
Stephen Lendman is a Research Associate of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
He lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
Until now , Mac users have been left out in the cold when it comes to streaming movies from Netflix 's Web site to their machine .
But Netflix has adopted Microsoft's Silverlight , which will allow Intel - based Apple machines to stream movies and television shows to their computers .
Initially , the Silverlight rollout will only be available for a small percentage of customers — most likely to act as a beta test of sorts .
However , according to Netflix , the service will be expanded to all users by the end of the year .
Silverlight is designed to deliver media content in a Web browser across platforms regardless of browser .
Netflix users who watch video on the Web can look forward to enhanced timeline navigation — fast forwarding and rewinding .
The latest generation of Silverlight uses PlayReady DRM , which allows for playback of protected content on Windows and Apple machines .
LAS VEGAS --
The New York Mets overhauled their much - maligned bullpen with two big moves Wednesday , obtaining J.J. Putz from Seattle as part of a three - team , 12 - player trade that gives them a set - up man for new closer Francisco Rodriguez .
Hours after completing a $ 37 million , three - year contract with Rodriguez , New York dealt seven players -- six to the Mariners and one to Cleveland -- to get three back in a huge swap at the winter meetings .
" All I kept on hearing in the streets of New York when you go get bagels in the morning was , ' Omar , please address the bullpen , ' " Mets general manager Omar Minaya said .
" Well , to all you Mets fans , we 've addressed the bullpen . "
New York shipped reliever Aaron Heilman , outfielder Endy Chavez , lefty Jason Vargas and three minor leaguers to the Mariners for Putz , center fielder Jeremy Reed and reliever Sean Green in the first trade by new Seattle general manager Jack Zduriencik .
Federal regulators will permit the financing arm of General Motors to become a bank and gain access to billions of dollars in government aid , a crucial step that will help ensure the survival of the company .
In a 4 to 1 vote , the Federal Reserve Board approved GMAC ’s application to transform itself into a bank holding company “ in light of the unusual and exigent circumstances ” affecting the financial markets .
The move will allow GMAC to tap as much as $ 6 billion in government bailout money .
The approval came as GMAC bondholders were facing a Friday deadline to vote to approve a complex transaction that would significantly reduce the company ’s outstanding debt .
As of Dec. 17 , bondholders had agreed to convert less than 60 percent of their debt into preferred shares .
Some big bondholders like the investment firm Pimco have said they do not intend to exchange bonds unless Cerberus Capital Management  the private equity firm that owns 51 percent of GMAC  puts more money into the company .
GMAC has been hit with huge losses in both its mortgage and auto loan businesses .
The approval from federal regulators may help persuade remaining bondholders and should make it easier for the company to raise money .
It should also help General Motors , which owns a minority stake in GMAC and depends on the firm to finance some of its cars .
Microsoft today is a huge company , with thousands of employees in hundreds of buildings all around Redmond , Washington .
That was hardly the case in 1983 , when I first saw the product that was destined to evolve into Windows .
Microsoft 's headquarters were merely a small building next to the Burgermaster in Bellevue , another Seattle suburb .
Then eight years old , the company had grown to about 400 people .
It was primarily known as the maker of BASIC programs for many systems , and of MS - DOS , an operating system it had sold to IBM a few years earlier .
Many different companies during that period made computers that ran MS - DOS , but the problem was that these computers were n't all compatible with one another .
IBM 's version , called PC - DOS , was one standard , but companies like Digital Equipment Corp. , Texas Instruments , and HP all made systems with different graphics devices .
Over the next few years , the industry would move to a world of " IBM compatibility , " but many of these systems could n't run applications designed specifically for the IBM PC .
" We Bet the Entire Company On It "
That was one of the key goals behind the project that was to become Windows .
Back then , it was called " Interface Manager , " and when I first saw it , I was working for a magazine called Popular Computing .
Interface Manager was being developed by a small team that included Rao Remala , who was Interface Manager 's first programmer and worked for Microsoft for more than 20 years in various areas of the business .
Microsoft chairman and chief software architect Bill Gates clearly remembers how much was riding on that project .
" We were n't kidding that we bet the entire company on it , " Gates recalls .
" The strange thing was we were a much smaller company at the time .
We were competing to establish this platform with companies larger than ourselves . "
When Interface Manager was first announced , Microsoft described it as an option that would work on top of all the company 's operating systems , including DOS and Xenix , Microsoft 's version of Unix .
The idea was that it would provide a single interface to control the bitmapped screen , graphics hardware , and various other I /O devices .
The basic foundations of the future Windows were all there on - screen windows , easy data transfer between programs , graphic icons , and mouse support .
One of the key features was a series of menu commands at the bottom of each window , giving a common way of entering commands for all the programs .
Part of the reason this was included was that by the fall of 1983 , " integrated software " was the big buzzword in the industry , spurred by the success of Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 .
At this point , a number of new " integrated operating environments " were being developed , including Apple 's Lisa , which had shipped earlier that year , and a number of systems that were designed for x86 computers notably VisiCorp 's VisiOn , Quarterdeck 's DESQ ( which eventually morphed into DESQview ) , and Digital Research 's Concurrent CP / M ( notable for enabling multitasking ) .
Eyeing the Competition
Of course , graphics were a large part of the discussion as well .
Apple was working on its Macintosh project at this point , and Digital Research was soon to announce its Graphical Environment Manager ( GEM ) .
But everyone was taking cues from work that had been done earlier at Xerox 's Palo Alto Research Center ( PARC ) in California .
From Our Readers :
" The point - and - click world opened all sorts of new doors for me and my career .
It made me actually want to learn more about how the computer worked . "
 John Brown
" Certainly the work done at Palo Alto Research Center , among others , influenced the bet we made to say the company would put all of its energy behind the graphical interface , " Gates remembers .
Gates adds that Windows was n't merely a graphical user interface .
" It was actually two things , " he says .
" It was multiple applications running at a time , sharing the screen and exchanging data , and it was the graphical interface . "
Charles Simonyi , who had worked at PARC and was a key architect of Microsoft 's applications business in the early days , says that everyone at Microsoft was aware of Windows ' potential .
" We knew the graphical user interface would be the future , " he says , adding that the company expected both Xerox and Apple to be in that arena .
Jeff Raikes , now president of Microsoft 's business division , joined the company in 1981 and recalls studying the competition closely .
" Three or four offices down the hall from me , we had a Xerox Star so we could go and understand and play with the graphical user interface , " says Raikes , who had worked at Apple and was very familiar with Lisa .
Unleashing Windows 1.0
In November 1983 , Microsoft announced Windows to the world , saying it would be available " late in the first quarter of 1984 " and that it was designed for systems with two floppy drives , 192KB of RAM , and a mouse .
This certainly would n't be the last time Microsoft would miss a Windows deadline or underestimate the amount of hardware needed .
The actual boxed software for Windows 1.0 launched during the time of the Comdex trade show in Las Vegas in November 1985 .
By that point , Microsoft was recommending a minimum of 256KB of RAM , or 512KB of RAM and a hard drive for running multiple applications or when running it on top of DOS 3.0 or higher .
PC Magazine 's first review , in February 1986 , pointed out that " Windows strains the limits of current hardware . "
" Of the five years of development time that it took to develop Notes , about a third of it ws spent on memory management .
It was just staggering , and it was n't the app , it was just fitting it in memory . "
RAY OZZIE , a Microsoft chief of technology officer , on the early days of developing Notes for 16 - bit Windows while he was at Iris Associates .
That first version had a large number of utilities and accessories , most of which remain in Windows today , including the Calendar , Notepad , Terminal , Calculator , Clock , Windows Write and Windows Paint , Control Panel , and the Reversi game .
The menus had moved to the top of the screen , and the windows could n't overlap ; instead , they could be stacked as tiles , so one was next to another .
The first few versions of Windows were available as an " operating environment " that ran on top of DOS , or , more commonly , as a runtime environment that was included with applications .
A few early programs would take advantage of this , notably the Micrografx CAD program called In - A - Vision .
Still , most PC users were content to stick with DOS .
Windows 2.0 : Overlapping Windows
Microsoft continued to improve Windows over the next few years .
The most significant improvements during this period came in December 1987 with the release of Windows 2.0 , when icons and overlapping windows were added , and with Windows / 386 , which took advantage of the abilities of Intel 's 80386 processor to run multiple sessions of DOS .
This established Windows as a competitor against products like DESQview , which was designed more simply to let you load multiple DOS applications in memory at once , switching among them .
What continued to hold Windows back in the late 1980s was the dearth of applications available for it .
Along with In - A - Vision , the most important were Aldus PageMaker , a page layout program , and Microsoft 's own Excel spreadsheet .
Excel was one of three applications Microsoft had already decided to develop when Charles Simonyi arrived in 1981 and became director of application development .
The other two were word processing and database products .
But Microsoft focused first on Excel because it had the " best cost - benefit ratio , " Simonyi says .
Both PageMaker and Excel had first appeared on the Apple Macintosh , but they were where Microsoft 's application strategy really came together .
Unlike Lotus , which was focusing on single integrated applications ( Symphony on DOS and Jazz on the Macintosh ) , Microsoft concentrated on large individual applications like Excel and , later , PowerPoint and Word .
Jeff Raikes says he convinced the company to work with the developers of AppleWorks ( an older Apple II integrated suite ) to create a low - end suite , which became Microsoft Works , to complement the individual large programs such as Excel .
" I had to explain to Bill how we were going to position Works with the rest of the product line .
That 's when we came up with ' depth users ' and ' breadth users , ' that whole positioning , " Raikes recalls .
" It worked . "
" I had to explain to Bill how we were going to position Works with the rest of the product line .
That 's when we came up with ' depth users ' and ' breadth users , ' that whole positioning .
It worked . "
JEFF RAIKES , Microsoft employee since 1981 ; currently president of the company 's business division .
Indeed , the depth - and breadth - user concept was the overarching theme of the era for the industry .
Each application fell under either low - end or high - end functionality , and integrated or standalone programs .
In the low - end standalone category were products like the PFS line ; low - end integrated products included AppleWorks and Microsoft Works .
There were many high - end integrated packages , such as Symphony , Framework , and Enable ; high - end standalone products included Microsoft Word and Excel , along with DOS competitors such as 1 - 2 - 3 and WordPerfect .
Though Microsoft had been working on a word processing program for a few years , it was an obvious missing piece of Windows until 1989 , when Windows 2.0 and Windows / 386 were the versions on the market .
That year , first Ami ( then from Samna , later acquired by Lotus ) and then Word for Windows shipped .
As Raikes remembers it , while Excel , which shipped a few years earlier , was mostly ported from the Macintosh version , Word for Windows was a whole new architecture .
Simonyi points out that the Mac OS had handled many of the functions
Word would need , such as dealing with fonts properly , but they were n't tackled for Windows until Windows 3.0 .
Ray Ozzie , now a Microsoft chief technology officer , was starting a company at that time called Iris Associates , which would eventually produce Notes .
He recalls how difficult Windows programming was in the early days .
Memory management was very tough in 16 - bit Windows , but Ozzie decided to stick with it , instead of trying to build a graphics environment of his own .
" Because I knew Bill and Steve [ Ballmer ] , after playing with it I talked with them about it , " Ozzie says .
" I was convinced that they had the will to want to get it right . "
Iris Associates eventually signed a development deal with Microsoft and created Notes with Windows in mind ; it shipped in December 1989 .
But memory continued to be an issue .
" Of the five years of development time that it took to develop Notes , about a third of it was spent on memory management , " Ozzie recalls .
" It was just staggering , and it was n't the app , it was just fitting it in memory . " 
Less experienced prostitutes are more likely to have sexually transmitted infections ( STIs ) .
A study of more than a thousand female sex workers in Cambodia , reported in the open access journal BMC Infectious Diseases , has shown that girls who were new to the sex industry were twice as likely to have gonorrhoea or chlamydia .
Heng Sopheab from the University of Bergen , Norway , and the National Center for HIV / AIDS , Dermatology and STDs , Cambodia , led a team of researchers who investigated the prevalence of STIs and the health behaviour of female sex workers in the popular tourist destination of Cambodia .
He said , " Of the women we studied , 60 % were new workers , having been selling sex for less than a year .
Prevalence of gonorrhoea , chlamydia , or any STI was higher among these new workers ; overall they were 2.1 times more likely to be infected than more experienced women " .
The overall STI prevalence in the Cambodian workers was 2.3 % for syphillis , 13.0 % for gonorrhoea and 14.4 % for chlamydia .
This is the first time that the association between STI prevalence and recent entry into the sex trade has been studied in Cambodia .
The obvious explanation is that newer workers are more likely to engage in high - risk behaviour because they lack prevention information , are unaware of STI services and are less skilled and experienced in negotiating safer sex with clients .
However , according to Sopheab , " Our analysis did not reveal any significant differences between new and longer - working women in terms of socio- demographic characteristics and risk behaviours that might explain the significant difference in prevalence of STIs .
Therefore , a biological difference between new and more experienced sex workers is one possible explanation " .
In 2001 , a nationwide government programme was implemented to encourage 100 % condom usage within the Cambodian sex industry .
The authors found that despite the implementation this programme , STI prevalence remains comparable to the 2001 estimates .
As well as a large proportion of women who reported having unprotected sex with non-commercial partners , there was limited coverage and weaknesses in implementation of the policy .
The authors conclude , " This is likely to have contributed to the sustained high prevalence of STIs among sex workers in Cambodia .
The 100 % condom-use policy should be carefully evaluated , particularly in terms of human resource capacity , sustainable intensity , quality , and coverage " .
Source : BioMed Central
MUMBAI - Ajmal Amir Kasab , the sole surviving member of the 10 - man team of Pakistani gunmen that left hundreds dead or wounded after a bloody three day rampage in Mumbai , today blamed the mayhem on an " email mixup " that left him and his colleagues unaware that Barack Obama had won election as President of the United States .
" What ?
Oh bloody hell , now you tell me , " said Kasab , as he was led away in handcuffs by Indian security forces .
Kasab , 21 , apologized to Indian President Pratibha Patil , explaining that no one in his group had known about the recent U.S. election results .
" Boy , talk about having egg on the face , " said a visibly embarrassed Kasab .
" If we knew Bush was on his way out , obviously we would have called off the crazy random baby - shootings and martyrdom stuff , and signed on with the Peace Corps or Habitat for Humanity .
At this point I guess all I can say is ' my bad . ' "
" Seriously , I can't even begin to tell you how shitty the whole situation makes me feel , " he added dejectedly .
" Do n't get me wrong , I 'm as thrilled as everybody else to find out Barack won the election , but this moment is always going to be bittersweet knowing that all those shootings were tragically unnecessary .
Not to mention the six weeks I wasted in training camp . "
Kasab , who is personally suspected of killing over 30 victims at point - blank range in a posh Mumbai hotel , was at a loss to explain how he and other members of the terrorist assault team remained unaware of the historic U.S. election results that many American analysts predicted would lead to an immediate and permanent outbreak of rapturous harmony and transcendent brotherly love throughout the universe .
" Jeez , I 'm ... I do n't know , I just never got any kind of memo , " said Kasab .
" The ironic thing is that just the other day , when we were ritually shaving our testicles for final martyrdom , a bunch of us were talking about how great and symbolic it would be if the American infidels would only elect an handsome , articulate young African - American infidel .
That way we could just lay down the suicide belts and scimitars and suitcase nukes and finally get involved in the positive aspects of community activism , like raising awareness for breast cancer research .
Look , I know it 's a cliche to point fingers at the IT department , but our email system really sucks .
And it 's hard to find a decent wi- fi hot spot in Northwest Pakistan . "
Tragically , though , it appears that internet connectivity was only the tip of the iceberg in a system - wide Obama news communication failure at Al Qaeda Headquarters .
" Obama won ?
Seriously ? " said an astonished Abdul Aziz Qasim , Senior Media Affairs Director for Al Qaeda 's Peshawar Office at an afternoon press conference announcing responsibility for the attacks .
" I mean ... you 're positively sure of that ? "
After a reporter screened a YouTube video for him showing Obama 's election night celebration , Qasim angrily summoned his intelligence department .
" Have any of you seen this ?
Any of you ? " shouted Qasim , jabbing at the laptop screen with his hook , as his staff awkwardly stared at their sandals .
" Because it would have been nice to know about it TWO FUCKING WEEKS AGO . "
" Can one of you idiots remind me why I pay you ? " he continued .
" Because all I know is that I 'm the only one in this goddamn tent who ends up taking the heat from bin Laden and Zawahiri , and gets stuck doing the damage control caused by you stupid fuckups . "
Regaining his composure , Qasim said that Al Qaeda would work to make amends with victims of the Mumbai tragedy , including sending flowers and handwritten apology notes containing 1000 rupee ( $ 12.65 ) PakMart gift cards to the surviving families of all 173 dead .
Wounded victims are slated to receive a 50 rupee coupon good at participating Waziristan Fried Chicken restaurants .
" Ultimately , I know the ' buck stops here , ' but I just want to remind everybody in the infidel world that the only gripe that we 've really ever had with you is about George Bush , " said Qasim .
" There 's just something instantly irritating about that guy , you know what I mean ?
It 's that smirk , the way he says ' nuke - u- ler ' and all that ' evildoers ' crap .
There 's only so much you can take of him before you start flying planes into skyscrapers or bombing subways , or shooting Hindus , or beheading Thai school teachers , and what - have - you . "
" Believe me , now that Bush is out of the picture we 're just as upset about those senseless killings as everybody else , especially those of us who actually did the senseless killing , " he added .
" All we ask is that the Indian judges not take it too hard on Ajmal .
The poor kid feels bad enough already .
It 's not his fault he did n't find out about the infidel elections , you know how hard it is to get a decent Verizon cell in Mumbai .
Now that we 're all on the same page again it would be a great time for all of us , believers and infidels alike , to put all the nonsense of the Bush years behind us and rekindle that beautiful peace and friendship thing we all had going on back in 2000 . "
" I know my wife is looking forward to another Florida vacation -- even though she 'll have to drop a few pounds to fit back into her beach chador , " Qasim joked .
" She was only ten when we were there for our honeymoon . "
" Oh , before I forget , let me finally send our belated congratulations to President - Elect Obama , " said the Al Qaeda spokesman .
" Let me also say we 're very sorry for the snafu in Mumbai , and hope this wo n't put a damper on our negotiations for the peaceful return of Spain .
We 're cool , right ? "
DIGG THIS
What I ’m really interested in is how to get from where I am to Liberty , and I will gladly join up with other Americans who are willing to submerge all their differences and create an organization that has one and only one aim : LIBERTY .
That means Liberty for me , for you , and for everyone else .
That includes people we disagree with on all sorts of issues .
If we understand that Liberty means that you choose your own governance and I choose mine , exclusive of interfering with one another violently , then we can unite under this one banner : LIBERTY .
The idea that we should be free to choose our own governance is a radical idea , the most radical idea in political history .
It is an idea that the Founding Fathers shrank from .
They still thought in terms of a single national government .
Their main compromises with Liberty were to suppose that Liberty could be attained via a single limited government and , in fact , that this government was necessary to secure that Liberty .
Both assumptions were wrong , dead wrong .
They also compromised our Liberty in a Constitution that had a great many loopholes that allowed for a truly enormous government power .
We simply must surpass them and go the next step in order to bring into being the freedom to choose our own governance , and this means that there cannot be a single government over all who live in America .
This means breaking old and deeply ingrained habits of thought .
Francis Bacon wrote : " The human understanding when it has once adopted an opinion ( either as being the received opinion or as being agreeable to itself ) draws all things else to support and agree with it . "
The opinion that the State is a necessary evil is unbelievably entrenched in the minds of people the world round .
They cannot imagine any other alternative .
Having adopted that opinion , they rationalize it with all manner of false argument .
It will take a large educational effort by many of us to smash this wall of mis-belief and replace it with a new vision .
Liberty is whole and undivided .
It can not be sustained by a dose of limited poison ( the State ) in its midst that is anti-Liberty and yet is supposed to protect Liberty .
The poison grows and grows and eventually paralyzes the body politic .
There is simply no way of ever attaining Liberty without ending government as we know it .
There can be no monopoly government that is limited .
There can be no Liberty with people shifting the responsibility for solving their personal problems to this government , for then it becomes unlimited in scope and power .
There can be no Liberty without self - governance .
This most assuredly does not mean every person becomes an isolated atom .
It means the very opposite .
Liberty implies the Liberty to associate with others to choose the social governance that one desires .
This is the polar opposite of being made to associate in one huge group in one delimited territory under rules formulated by distant and unaccountable officials and bureaucrats .
We who support Liberty could benefit if there were a group of 10 — 20 million Americans who shared this common goal .
We could then move toward this goal .
Winning political office within the existing system is not consistent with the ultimate objective , for there should ultimately be no single State in America or else there can be no Liberty in America .
But winning political office serves two intermediate objectives .
The main one is educational : elect people who spread the message of Liberty , what it means , how to get it , and why we want it .
The second objective is to reduce the more egregious violent acts of the State that infringe the liberties of large numbers of Americans .
I ’m really not into winning elections and ruling others .
Far from it .
But things are looking more and more desperate in America .
Police in Washington are starting to search people before they can use the subway .
If a coalition of 10 — 20 million voters could be put together , it would shift the balance of power tremendously .
Winning elections to foster the non-rule of the winners over the losers is a sensible objective .
Ron Paul , had he been nominated , would have been the Republicans ’ strongest candidate — easily .
He could have amassed far more votes than their ticket will get .
He could have given Obama a real run for his money , indeed Ron Paul might even have won .
Americans have been bullied and pushed around long enough .
They may be confused but they know something is wrong and needs to be put right .
It would have been very easy to take Mr. Obama apart and reveal his deceits and lies , to reveal who owns him , to reveal his pet prejudices and favorites , and to show just how badly he will end up ruling with his panoply of programs .
Dr. Paul had the issues squarely on his side .
So instead of that picture , we have the Republican Party choosing a far , far weaker candidate .
Why did n’t Ron Paul win the nomination of his Party ?
While there are many things that one can point to , I will emphasize three deep reasons .
( 1 ) Ron Paul goes against the basic ideas of the Republican Party that go back to Lincoln in 1860 .
He may be a Jeffersonian Republican but the Republican Party is Lincolnian .
Perhaps Dr. Paul is an Old Right Republican , but they were eclipsed in the Party long ago .
Republicans stand for the Union above all , which is the national State .
They do n’t believe in a limited State .
They have stood for high tariffs , subsidies to business , and subsidies to build infrastructure .
They are very weak on civil liberties .
I could go on at length to underscore my point , which is virtually self - evident .
Republicans routinely vote in large numbers against Ron Paul ’s proposals .
They do n’t believe in his principles .
(2) If Ron Paul had secured the nomination , he would have vastly altered the distribution of power within the Party .
It would have meant a shift from those who support the internationalist - banking - big business - militarist - fascist orientation to a completely opposite orientation .
Obviously , parties are all about power and position and getting the election goodies .
The Republican bigwigs could not tolerate a Ron Paul .
(3) The Republicans preferred running a weak candidate and having a Democrat win than running Ron Paul who might start a peaceful revolution .
This is because they wish to maintain their duopoly of power and privilege .
The Democrats and Republicans have a duopoly when it comes to political power .
The fiction that the two parties differ ( when they do not differ in any significant way ) keeps Americans divided and constantly focused on trivial differences , personalities , trivial expenses , trivial personal matters , etc .
Meanwhile the two parties have such a hammerlock on election rules , campaigns , debates , candidates , contributions , and the media , that no upstart party stands a chance .
They have rigged the system entirely in their favor .
For a Ron Paul to have run and exposed this system nationally for months on end would have been unthinkable .
And if he had won the presidency , the members of his own Party would have been attacking him in all sorts of ways to discredit him and his views .
These are the three fundamental reasons why Ron Paul failed to secure the nomination of his Party , despite the very high probability that he would have done much better than McCain and Palin , and may even have beaten Obama .
Obama will win .
I expect that he will put the economy even more into the tank than it already is .
He could even make it bad enough that his re-election is doubtful , but he will blame his predecessors and argue that he has not had enough time to fix 8 years of Republican rule .
He will also try very hard to solidify his coalition by giving them favors .
Despite all that , Ron Paul will become even more of a viable opposition candidate .
But the Republicans will never go for him because of the factors above .
Besides there will be the Palins and others who will want to have the power .
Paul ’s only alternative is a third party run .
He ca n’t establish a new party because of the difficulties of getting on the ballot .
That leaves the Libertarian Party .
Its commitment to Liberty is very strong , but it is vague on the key thing , which is to act in such a way as to free people to choose their own governance .
If such a group were to target certain vulnerable Congressional districts and focus on getting Ron Paul candidates elected there , his voice in Congress would be given immensely more support and prominence .
Moreover , a voting bloc of 25 Congressmen would hold the balance of power on many issues .
Paul might run for President , but the real effort would be to get a voting bloc in Congress .
Alternatively , maybe there are some vulnerable state legislatures .
Instead of random shots spread out everywhere , the libertarians could focus their resources on getting 25 people elected to Congress , or maybe getting 25 legislators in key states where their vote would make them the key bloc to win over .
The main objective , from my perspective , is to attract that core of 10 — 20 million people who set aside all their differences and become single - issue voters , that issue being Liberty .
But , as I outlined it at the outset , Liberty means that each of us has the freedom to choose out own governance .
This poses a problem .
Suppose the Libertarian Party wins a national election .
It now runs the monopoly State .
Does it then have a right to impose its visions upon all Americans ?
It certainly does not .
If there are Americans who wish to live in drug - free communities and impose these or other restrictions on themselves , should they not have the Liberty to do so ?
A Libertarian government can only act consistently with its principles by doing everything it can to free Americans .
This can be accomplished by recognizing the right of any person of group of persons to separate themselves from the reach of the national government while still living wherever they choose to live .
In this way , Americans can achieve self - governance without monopoly and in freedom .
They can choose their own preferred methods of governance .
The right to separate from a government while not necessarily separating physically and territorially ( while retaining that option ) is key .
In this way , we can bring to fruition principles articulated by our Founding Fathers but as yet unrealized in modern America .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
I ’ve been reading and playing with VMs for a couple months now .
I ’ve silently created my own Ruby VM in C , running YARV bytecode .
But that was an excuse to better understand the internals of Ruby , since it does n’t have a parser , emitter and GC yet .
I might blog about some of my findings later but today I want to write about another experiment I ’ve been working on .
LLVM is an awesome tool and I ’ve been wanting to build something with it for a while .
So I ’ve set myself to create a little toy language and it turned out being a lot easier then I though it would be .
Luckily for me Tom Bagby created Ruby bindings for LLVM so I could code in Ruby instead of some damn ugly and painful C++ ( I hate C++ ) .
Here ’s how I created my lil toy compiler called Orange .
The Parser
I used Treetop to create the parser .
Writing the Treetop grammar was the most time consuming task .
Also , because Treetop can’t produce context sensitive grammar , you ’re limited in the kind of syntax you provide .
My goal was to have a syntax as close to Ruby as possible , but without OO .
Something like this :
def test ( ) x = 1 y = " ohaie " printf ( " %d , %s " , x , y ) end
Through trial an error I ended up with this : grammar .tt .
The Nodes
The parser takes some text as input and output AST nodes , one for each grammar rule matching your input .
Parsing a = 1 would produce those nodes :
Expression Assign Var ( a ) Lit ( 1 )
The idea is to generate some machine code from those nodes .
If all node knows how to generate code for itself , then generating code for the whole tree is just a matter of generating code for the top level object , Expression in this case .
Treetop provides a nice mechanism to subclass those nodes .
rule call func : var arglist < Call >
end
The < Call > part tells Treetop to instantiate a new Call class for this type of node .
class Call < Node def codegen ( g ) # ... end end
Here I added my own codegen method that will do all the magic of generating the machine code .
class Expression < Node def codegen ( g ) statements .
map { | s | s . codegen ( g ) } end end
The Expression top level node will just call the codegen of each nodes it contain recursively .
This is a very simple way to handle complex trees of nodes .
The Code Generator
The only thing missing is the part that does the actual work of generating machine code that can be run .
Since the Orange language is very close to the actual LLVM intermediate language ( on purpose , to keep things simple ) , the generator serve as a way to abstract calls to LLVM - Ruby API .
With a much more advanced language , the generator would have a lot more things to take care of .
For example , the Generator will translate a function call to this :
# Creates a new module to hold the code module = LLVM :: Module . new ( " orange " ) #
Creates the main function that will be called main = module .
get_or_insert_function ( " main " , Type .
function ( INT , [ INT , Type .
pointer ( PCHAR ) ] ) )
#
Create a block of code to build machine code within block = main .
create_block .
builder #
Find the function we 're calling in the module func = module .
get_function ( " myfunc " ) #
Call the function block .
call ( func , arg ) block .
return ( 0 . llvm )
This is somehow equivalent to the following C code :
int main ( int argc , char const * argv [ ] ) { myfunc ( arg ) ; return 0 ; }
This will then generate magic machine code for you .
( If you want more info on how LLVM - Ruby works , go read the “ blog ” : http://llvmruby.org/wordpress-llvmruby/)
Putting All the Pieces Together
Now we got all the pieces : the parser takes your text and translates it to nodes , you pass the code generator to the nodes that generates machine code and finally you run that machine code .
generator = Orange :: Generator .
new parser = OrangeParser .
new #
Parse some code and get a top level node node = parser .
parse ( code ) #
Pass the generator to get the machine code node .
codegen ( generator ) # Magic ! generator .
run
The cool thing with LLVM is that it can run as a JIT compiler , running stuff on the fly , but it can also compile and optimize code a - la GCC .
U.N. REJECTS REPORT ON VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN
David R. Usher
November 30 , 2006
NewsWithViews.com
Hot off the presses : On Wednesday , the United Nations decided to ï¿½noteï¿½ , but not to ï¿½acknowledgeï¿½ the dangerous Secretary - Generalï¿½s report on Violence Against Women assembled under the corrupt administration of Kofi Annan .
This means that the report will probably not be acted upon .
It appears this took place because of tremendous pressure placed on the United Nations by RADAR and its hundreds of affiliates and co-signatories .
This is a major gain for reformers working diligently to replace senselessly - destructive feminist social frameworks with truly beneficial pro-family solutions .
It is also a step forward in achieving a major goal : ending terrorism by world feminists .
Radical feminism has been a focal point of the bitter major cultural disagreement between Muslims and the West in recent years .
America must now adopt moderate approaches to gender with respect to social power , law , divorce , and family policy if it wishes to reduce stark cultural tensions that have culminated in radical Muslim attacks on the West .
Feminist policies must be ended .
Marriage must be restored as the social norm , for this is the only arrangement assuring equal social rights and power sharing between men and women .
This event now points directly to the outrageousness of the Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) , which was strongly supported by past Democrat and Republican - dominated congresses and presidents .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Tiny tool that displays information about women , depending on their female cycle .
Once you have entered the current day of her cycle , it always shows you if / when she has her menstruation , when the ovulation is / how probable it is that she gets pregnan
Downloads : 494,970 + ( for Android ) 494,970 + ( for
for Android
India 's Right Wing Wants Nuclear War
Mumbai's terrorist outrage of November 26 has found a response truly matching it in madness .
A call for a nuclear war - and nothing less - has come as the culmination of warped and warlike reactions to the traumatizing tragedy , which has claimed a toll of 200 lives .
The demented call , which still cannot , unfortunately , be dismissed as inconsequential , is not only a regional war of the said , scary description .
It is also one for a global conflict of the kind .
Fittingly , the call has emanated from the real fuehrer of India 's far right .
He may be relatively unknown to the outside world , and less known even in his country than political leaders of the " parivar , " as the far - right " family " labels itself .
But Kuppahalli Sitaramayya Sudarshan is the supremo of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS ) , the misleading name meaning the National Volunteers ' Association .
The RSS holds a commanding position in the parivar , as its patriarch and ideological fountainhead .
It has a hold over the political front of the " family , " the main opposition Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , as well .
Party leaders - even of such notoriety as Narendra Modi , who gloried in the Gujarat pogrom of 2002 , and of such national - level ambitions as Lal Krishna Advani , styled as the " shadow prime minister " - have always had to proclaim loyalty of the RSS from time to time .
The RSS , as every political reporter in India knows , has tightened its hold over the BJP in time for the parliamentary elections to be held by May 2009 .
Sudarshan 's clarion call came in the course of an interview with a freelance journalist and was quoted first in a leading Pakistani newspaper on December 12 .
Asked if India should go for a full - fledged war with Pakistan , 77 - year - old Sudarshan said , " If there is no other way left .
Whenever the demons start dominating this planet , there is no way other than the war .
Tell me if there is any other way out .
But war should be the last resort .
Before that India should consider other options . "
That was his only attempt at sounding reasonable .
Asked if such a war would not escalate into a nuclear conflict , he was disarmingly candid , " Yes , I know it will not stop there .
It will be nuclear war and a large number of people will perish . "
The vision of the apocalypse was not restricted to the region .
" In fact , not me alone but many people around the world have expressed their apprehension that this terrorism may ultimately result in a Third World War .
And this will be a nuclear war in which many of us are going to be finished .
But according to me , as of now , it is very necessary to defeat the demons and there is no other way . "
Then came the coup de grace : " And let me say with confidence that after this destruction , a new world will emerge , which will be very good , free from evil and terrorism . "
He had hinted at his horrific vision earlier too .
In January 2002 , when India and Pakistan traded nuclear threats during a terrifying standoff in Kashmir and elsewhere , Sudarshan recalled epic Mahabharata to make his point : " When [ the ] Mahabharata [ war ] was fought in Kurukshetra , its repercussions were felt across the country but now India was the Kurukshetra and the battle , if fought , would have its effects across the globe . "
In May 2005 , in another media interview , he said that Pakistan - controlled Kashmir ( Azad Kashmir ) should be " annexed by force . "
What if there is a nuclear war ?
He said , " If it happens , it 'll happen .
We can't keep quiet all the time because of the scare of nuclear weapons . "
It took a Mumbai , however , for Sudarshan to come out with his blood - curdling call with barely a reservation or qualification .
As Sudarshan acknowledged , he knew what a nuclear war meant - for the region and the world .
Every reasonably educated person should know as well , after so many expert studies on the subject .
According to one of the studies , for example , if five cities each of India and Pakistan are hit in a nuclear war , about 1.7 million people will be killed in India and about 1.2 million in Pakistan , or a total of about three million in the region .
If 15 cities of the two countries ( eight in India and seven in Pakistan ) are nuked , according to a classified Pentagon study , the toll could mount to 12 million deaths .
Carcinogenic black rain in coastal areas of Hiroshima - like high humidity and the velocity of summer winds and dust storms especially in the India - Pakistan border region will widen the fallout .
The global consequences will be no less grim - even if the conflict remains regional and does not become a world war of Sudarshan 's vision .
Ira Helfand , a US medical specialist , in a study of October 2007 , projected " a total global death toll in the range of one billion from starvation alone " as a result of the regional war over a period of time .
Earlier studies have suggested that such a conflict would throw five million tonnes of black soot into the atmosphere , causing a reduction of 1.25 degrees Celsius in the average temperature at the earth 's surface for several years .
Consequently , the annual growing season in the world 's most important grain - producing areas would shrink by between 10 and 20 days .
According to Helfand , the world was ill prepared to cope with such a disaster .
" Global grain stocks stand at 49 days , lower than at any point in the past five decades .
These stocks would not provide any significant reserve in the event of a sharp decline in production .
We would see hoarding on a global scale . "
All this was said quite sometime before the eruption of the latest food crisis .
Yet another study estimates the smoke unleashed by 100 small 15 - kiloton nuclear warheads could destroy 30 percent to 40 percent of the world 's ozone layer .
This is expected to kill off some food crops .
A Third World War with origins in this region may lead to the emergence of a " terror - free " world of Sudarshan 's special sense , but it will be a significantly truncated world indeed , to go by all available evidence .
Nuclear militarism had always occupied a prominent place on the ultra-nationalist agenda of the RSS and the parivar .
The BJP 's parent body , the Jan Sangh , had demanded an Indian bomb , even in 1951 , a full 13 years before China acquired nuclear weapons .
The very first thing the BJP - led government of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee did in May 1998 was to conduct bomb tests and declare India a nuclear - weapon state .
The regret in parivar circles is that the bomb is yet to be used .
During the Kargil conflict between India and Pakistan in 1999 , the RSS organ in Hindi , Panchjanya , wrote , " Pakistan will not listen just like that .
We have a centuries - old debt to settle with this [ Islamic ] mindset .
It is the same demon that has been throwing a challenge at Durga [ Hindu goddess ] since the time of Mohammed bin Qasim [ of Saudi Arabia , eighth century , who conquered Sind and Punjab ] . "
Panchjanya added , " Arise , Atal Bihari !
Who knows if fate has destined you to be the author of the final chapter of this long story .
For what have we manufactured bombs ?
For what have exercised the nuclear option ? "
What makes Sudarshan 's call scarier is the not so indirect support he is receiving from supposedly apolitical " security " experts .
Says one of them , Marroof Raza , " The suggestion of external affairs minister Pranab Mukherjee that India could exercise a military option against Pakistan has alarmed the international community , particularly the US , that a war between the two nuclear - armed neighbors could see the first ever use of nuclear weapons by both sides .
It is precisely this nuclear nightmare scenario that Pakistan 's establishment and its military brass , in particular , have often exploited to blackmail the world each time India wants to take them to task for their many acts of terror .... "
This sounds like a repetition of the RSS chief 's rhetoric : " How long can we keep quiet all the time because of the scare of nuclear weapons ? "
Satish Chandra , a former Indian ambassador to Pakistan and deputy national security adviser in the Vajpayee government , said on December 14 , " Terror outfits operating from Pakistan are state supported .
Until and unless we inflict pain on Pakistan we are not going to achieve results . "
He added , " We have a variety of options before us .
Water , agriculture , covert action and economy are some of the options before us to get the results .
You have other options as well . "
The last sentence can again sound Sudarshan - like to some .
Meanwhile , the post -Mumbai war of words between New Delhi and Islamabad has served to illustrate the special danger of a nuclear conflict in the specific regional context .
What New Delhi described as a " hoax call " was allegedly made to Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari on November 28 by a man who claimed to be India 's External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee and spoke in a " threatening " tone .
The call threatened eruption of a military conflict , with Pakistan placing its army on high alert and its air force moving aircraft to forward bases on its front with India .
A semblance of normalcy has now been restored with Mukherjee denying the call and Zardari officially accepting the denial .
The incident , however , has shown how well - founded are the apprehensions of an accidental nuclear war in the region , voiced by the peace movements in both the countries
Islamabad 's official response to war cries from within India has been an attempt to sound reasonable , but not without a counterwarning of the same nuclear kind .
Pakistan 's Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani told the country 's parliament , " We are a nuclear power ... we want to act in a graceful manner and we do not want to create an impression that we are an irresponsible nation . "
Surprisingly , no political party in India has so far reacted to Sudarshan 's call to nuclear arms .
Parties and forces opposed to the far right have , perhaps , chosen to treat his declaration with the contempt it deserves , in their view .
If they have done so , they are indulging in an egregious error .
The nuclear saber - rattling needs to be taken with the utmost seriousness .
Particularly eloquent , of course , is the silence with which the BJP has greeted the beating of the nuclear war drum .
The BJP has always found it impolitic to implement the parivar 's agenda fully while in power , which it has so far had to share with allies .
This , however , may precisely be the compulsion behind Sudarshan 's call .
His interview , which the RSS has taken care to authenticate officially , would appear designed to put pressure on the BJP against deviating from the path of the parivar if it returns to power in five months .
There may , thus , be a method in this nuclear madness .
*************
A freelance journalist and a peace activist in India , J. Sri Raman is the author of " Flashpoint " ( Common Courage Press , USA ) .
He is a regular contributor to Truthout .
© Scoop Media
Couple to have Britain 's first baby genetically modified to be free of breast cancer gene
Helen and Matthew are to be the first of two couples to have their embryos screened to try to beat breast cancer
The first British baby designed to be free of breast cancer is due to be born next week .
The child 's parents opted for genetic screening tests in the hope of freeing their children from the disease which has blighted the lives of their relatives for generations .
Without screening , any girl they had would have been likely to develop a fast spreading , hard - to - treat form of breast cancer .
Doctors at University College Hospital , London , created embryos through IVF then screened them for the deadly gene before transferring only healthy ones into the womb .
The sex of the baby is not known .
Paul Serhal , medical director of the hospital 's assisted conception unit , said the pioneering treatment , which was carried out on the NHS , allowed the parents the chance of a healthy family .
Many more couples could benefit from pre-implantation genetic diagnosis , or PGD .
But pro-life campaigners claim it is morally wrong to weed out imperfect babies and describe the technique , in which unhealthy embryos are left to perish , as a ' tool for search and kill ' .
The mother - to - be , a 27 - year - old London woman who wishes not to be identified , opted for screening after three generations of her husband 's family developed an inherited form of breast cancer while still in their 20s .
Her 28 - year - old husband is a carrier and those diagnosed with the disease include his mother , sister , grandmother and cousin .
She said : ' We had been through his sister being ill , so it was something we had seen first hand .
' I thought this was something I had to try because , if we had a daughter with this gene , and she was ill , I could n't look her in the face and say I did n't try . '
Had the couple conceived naturally , any child would have a 50 per cent chance of carrying the rogue gene .
And any girl with the BRCA1 gene would have an 80 per cent chance of developing a fast - spreading , hard - totreat form of breast cancer .
The gene also gives a woman a 60 per cent chance of ovarian cancer and raises a man 's risk of prostate cancer .
To screen it out , doctors used IVF techniques to create a selection of embryos .
When they were three days old , one cell was plucked from each and analysed for the rogue gene .
Two of the five embryos found to be free of the gene were transferred into the woman , of which one resulted in the pregnancy .
Mr Serhal , who has already created babies free from inherited eye and bowel cancers , said : ' A patient does n't enter into this procedure lightly .
They had genetic counselling and a lot of soul searching before going into this treatment . '
Until recently , PGD was used only for genes which invariably cause incurable diseases when inherited – such as those behind cystic fibrosis .
Two years ago , the Government 's fertility watchdog , the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority , relaxed the rules .
Doctors can now screen for genes which , while raising the risk of illness , do not always lead to the condition .
They can also look for embryos free of flaws which cause disease late in life , including a rare inherited form of Alzheimer's .
Addressing concerns that this is another step towards the creation of babies made to order by characteristics such as eye colour or hair colour , Mr Serhal said : ' This is a serious disease , not a physical characteristic .
We are not screening for something banal or irrelevant . '
Last year , another couple spoke of their desire to use the technique to create a breast cancer - free baby .
The couple , known only as Matthew and Helen , argued it would spare their children a devastating genetic inheritance .
Helen , 22 , from Bedford , who lost her mother , maternal grandmother and great grandmother to cancer , said : ' I 've lived much of my life with cancer and death , and fear that I might have to face it and might pass on the risk to my children .
' This gives us the chance to make sure our daughters wo n't have the same experience . '
Her husband , a biological scientist , said : ' I do understand the arguments against it , that the cancer might not develop for 30 - plus years , but you have to consider that Helen has no female family left .
It seems very unfair that a child of ours should have to go through the same thing when we have an opportunity to stop it .
' There is a world of difference between a disease like breast cancer and picking out blue or brown eyes . '
Josephine Quintavalle , of the campaign group Comment on Reproductive Ethics , said : ' What we want is a cure for breast cancer , not to eliminate those who carry it .
' I do think that by the time this baby grows up we will have cures for breast cancer .
It is one of the diseases where we are making good progress . '
A common pattern in websites is when a few pages are protected and require a login to be accessed .
The @login_required decorator often comes in handy for these situations .
But , another pattern which is quite common is when most of the site is protected , with just a few exceptions of pages that remain public ( e.g. frontpage , registration page , etc. ) .
In that case , it can be quite tedious to decorate all of the views with @login_required , and it can be easy to forget to decorate some of them .
So , I came up with a simple system which by default protects every view and then lets you explicitly tell which views should be public .
This makes things both easier and less error - prone .
Installation
The core of that system is contained in the following middleware code :
import re from django.conf import settings from django.contrib.auth.decorators import login_required from path.to.your.decorators import PublicView class LoginRequiredMiddleware ( object ) : def __init__ ( self ) : self .
public_patterns = [ ] self .
public_views = [ ] if hasattr ( settings , ' PUBLIC_VIEWS ' ) : for view_path in settings .
PUBLIC_VIEWS : view = self .
get_view ( view_path ) self .
public_views .
append ( view ) if hasattr ( settings , ' PUBLIC_PATHS ' ) : for public_path in settings .
PUBLIC_PATHS : self .
public_patterns .
append ( re . compile ( public_path ) ) def get_view ( self , view_path ) : i = view_path .
rfind ( '.' ) module_path , view_name = view_path [ : i ] , view_path [ i + 1 :] module = __import__ ( module_path , globals ( ) , locals ( ) , [ view_name ] ) return getattr ( module , view_name ) def matches_public_view ( self , view ) : if self .
public_views : for public_view in self .
public_views : if view == public_view : return
True return
False def matches_public_path ( self , path ) : if self .
public_patterns : for pattern in self .
public_patterns : if pattern . match ( path ) is not None : return
True return
False def process_view ( self , request , view_func , view_args , view_kwargs ) : if request .
user .
is_authenticated ( ) or isinstance ( view_func , PublicView ) or self .
matches_public_path ( request . path ) or self .
matches_public_view ( view_func ) : return None else : return login_required ( view_func ) ( request , * view_args , ** view_kwargs )
To install this middleware , simply copy and paste the above code anywhere in your project , for example in a file called middleware .py .
Then , update the MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES setting in your project 's settings file :
MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES
= ( ... ' path.to.your.middleware.LoginRequiredMiddleware ' , )
You 'll notice that , at the top of the middleware code above , there is an import of the PublicView class .
You need to update that import path after having copied / pasted the following snippet anywhere in your project , for example in a decorators .
py file :
try : from functools import update_wrapper except ImportError : from django.utils.functional import update_wrapper # Python 2.3 , 2.4 fallback .
from django.contrib.auth.decorators import _ CheckLogin def login_not_required ( view_func ) : " " " Decorator which marks the given view as public ( no login required ) . " " " return PublicView ( view_func ) class PublicView ( object ) : " " " Forces a view to be public ( no login required ) . " " " def __init__ ( self , view_func ) : if isinstance ( view_func , _ CheckLogin ) : self .
view_func = view_func .
view_func else : self .
view_func = view_func update_wrapper ( self , view_func ) def __get__ ( self , obj , cls = None ) : view_func = self .
view_func .
__get__ ( obj , cls ) return _ PublicView ( view_func ) def __call__ ( self , request , * args , ** kwargs ) : return self .
view_func ( request , * args , ** kwargs )
The above code contains a new decorator ( @login_not_required ) which will be explained in detail in a moment .
Declaring public views
At this point , all of your views will require you to log in , including the login page itself .
So , we now need to specify the few views that should be public .
There are three different ways at your disposal : using a special decorator , listing the public views , or listing the public URL paths .
Using a Decorator
Thanks to the new @login_not_required you can explicitly force a view to be public .
Here 's an example :
from path.to.your.decorators import login_not_required @login_not_required def frontpage ( request ) : ...
In this case , the frontpage view will be properly displayed even if you 're not logged in .
Listing public views
If you do n't have direct access to modify a view 's code ( e.g. , it 's in a third - party application ) , you still can force that view to be public by adding it to the new PUBLIC_VIEWS setting in your settings file .
Here 's an example if you 're using the django.contrib.auth system and the django - registration application :
PUBLIC_VIEWS = [ ' django.contrib.auth.views.login ' , ' django.contrib.auth.views.password_reset_done ' , ' django.contrib.auth.views.password_reset ' , ' django.contrib.auth.views.password_reset_confirm ' , ' django.contrib.auth.views.password_reset_complete ' , ' registration.views.register ' , ' registration.views.activate ' , ]
Listing URL public paths
The third and last way is to directly specify the URL paths ( as regular expressions ) for the pages you want to be public .
This can be useful , for example , if a page is rendered by a generic view .
It is also useful if you are serving your media files statically via Django ( only recommended in development mode ) .
For that , you need to add the PUBLIC_PATHS setting in your settings file .
Here 's an example :
PUBLIC_PATHS = [ '^ %s ' % MEDIA_URL , '^/accounts/register /complete/$ ' , #
Uses the ' direct_to_template ' generic view ]
That 's it !
By using this technique your site will be protected effectively and it will be easy to maintain .
I hope it helps !
Any comment or remark is very welcome ;)
" Hey man , run by table 18 . "
My friend Travis said to me .
" What is it ? "
I asked , " a hot chick ?
" Which is usually the case , male waiters are particularly lecherous about exposed thongs , cleavage and the such .
Travis shook his head and smiled .
" Just go , " he said .
Upon noticing table 18 I saw the people sitting there .
They were in their mid seventies but the man they were surrounding was far senior to them , at least twenty years senior .
As he sat there enjoying his lunch they stared at him with the same awe that I had .
He had a simple blue ribbon tied around his neck with a star pendant and eagle , with a simple word printed on the crest ... ValorHe was an awardee of the Congressional Medal of Honor .
It has been nearly 65 years since the war he was in was over , the men of that era are nearly all gone , and the Medal " winners " from World War II must be down to a mere handful .
It is an award any would gladly give back to have their friends , their bothers with us today .
Travis and I were students of history once , before our own lives took a different turn then we had planned , so instantly we knew what his medal signified .
Only 3500 of the tens of millions of United States Soldiers , Marines , Sailors and Airmen have displayed the sacrifice , courage , honor and valor to be awarded this medal , a large majority of which have been posthumously .
As Travis and I were speaking of what we thought about the man one of the waitresses came over and asked what the big deal was .
So we told her about the medal and what is signified , what he had done .
She just did n't understand , did n't see the big picture , what men like that did to give us our freedom , she did n't see what the big deal was .
The freedom to bitch and moan online , the freedom to go to whatever church , whatever school , whatever job .
To raise your children how you want them to be .
To not be a slave .
To go to college .
Or to not .
Even the freedom to hate your own country .
Or hate the president .
Or to love him .
That 's the big deal .
All because some twenty year old kid and his brothers spent the Christmas of 1776 charging through a blinding snowstorm at Trenton with something far more dangerous in the air about them than ice ...
Because a fifteen year old boy froze to death in the icy hell of the trenches at Petersburg .
Because a Sergeant with a hell of a shot captured an entire company of the Kaiser 's soldiers , by himself .
Or because that man eating his soup at table 18 fought off a platoon of Germans by himself as his friends lay dying around him , or he held a bridge when others could n't , or maybe just a streetcorner , or he pulled his brothers to safety when others ran away .
Or a thousand thing on a thousand battlefields .
He is all of those men , he did all of those things .
That 's the big deal .
A bit later on I saw Travis approach the man and say a few short words .
" What did you talk about ? " I asked .
" I simply thanked him , " Travis said .
So do I , So do I ... I wish I had shaken his hand .
But this the closest thing I can do , thank you , and thank all of the others for what we have .
Here is a site that details the stories of these men , most of them will shake you to the bone .
And most of them end with " mortally wounded " " Killed in action " Or the word " Sacrifice " Something most of us have lost or only heard whispers of .
" Once more unto the breach , dear friends , once more ;
Or close the wall up with our English dead .
In peace there 's nothing so becomes a man as modest stillness and humility " - Henry V" We few , we happy few , we band of brothers ; For he to - day that sheds his blood with me shall be my brother ; be he ne'er so vile , This day shall gentle his condition :
And gentlemen in England now a-bed Shall think themselves accursed they were not here , And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaks That fought with us upon Saint Crispin 's day . "
- Henry V , Shakespeare
Introduction
Songbird™ is a desktop Web - player , digital jukebox and Web browser mash - up .
Like Winamp , it supports extensions and skins feathers .
Like Firefox® , it is built on Mozilla® 's XUL - framework which is also cross-platform and open source .
Songbird 1.0 , the first stable release of Songbird , was notable for providing numerous user - friendly ways to find music and the ease of downloading it .
Songbird was part of Ubuntu and will probably be soon a part again .
It can be installed by downloading one of the packages listed below or by voting here to speed up the repackaging by Ubuntu .
Songbird Singing a New Tune
They sadly report that their Linux versions will not receive the active developments that their Windows and Mac versions will get .
They hope this might change in the future .
Nightingale ( which is a fork from Songbird ) is an active fork of Songbird that supports Linux .
The repackaging for Debian and Ubuntu is the fastest way to once again have more support and ease of installation for Songbird .
Download SongBird
Songbird might be available from these sites
https://wiki.songbirdnest.com/Developer/Articles/Builds/Contributed_Builds#Linux = stable version
http://developer.songbirdnest.com/builds/trunk/latest/
= latest development release
http://timeline.songbirdnest.com/client/browser/
Installing Songbird with a .deb
GetDeb.net have created Songbird installers for Ubuntu .
Just find which release you have ( 10.04 " Lucid Lynx " , 10.10 " Maverick Meercat " or whichever ) , download the relevant " .deb " and double click on it when the download is finished .
http://www.getdeb.net/app/Songbird.
For Songbird version 1.7.3 and 1.8.0
Only for Ubuntu 10.04 LTS , " Lucid Lynx " , and more recent versions of Ubuntu .
Download from http://www.getdeb.net/app/Songbird.
After installing one of the .deb files , go to Applications - Sound and Video - Songbird to launch the program .
As of 5/12 there are currently no builds for 11.10 or 12.04 .
For Songbird version 1.4.3
Again visit GetDeb to get the relevant " .deb " for your system .
This is the one to get if your Ubuntu is before the 10.04 release .
Installing Songbird with a Script
You can install Songbird using the script below .
These instructions will help you run the installation script .
Getting the script
Open your favorite text editor ( Gedit , Kate , Mousepad ) .
You should get a blank document .
In that blank document , paste the following code :
# Downloads Songbird and Installs in /home / < yourusername > / Songbird wget http://download.songbirdnest.com/installer/linux/i686/Songbird_1.9.3-1959_linux-i686.tar.gz tar - zxvf Songbird_1.9.3-1959_linux-i686.tar.gz # only delete GStreamer libs on 32 - bit architectures case $ ( uname - i ) in i?86 ) ( cd Songbird && rm lib/ libgst*.so ) ;; *) ;; esac echo " Songbird has been installed in the /home / < yourusername > / songbird directory . "
Then save the file on your home folder as the filename installsong.sh
Making the script executable
Paste these commands in the terminal :
chmod +x installsong.sh
Running the script
Paste this command in the terminal :
./installsong.sh
Once the script runs , you can locate / home / < yourusername > / Songbird and use it !
Using Songbird without Installing It
If you do n't want full integration of Songbird ( hidden in a universally accessible place , launcher icon , etc. ) , you can just download the latest Songbird to your / home / username folder , double - click it ( or single - click in Kubuntu ) , extract the .tar. gz file , enter the new songbird folder in your home directory and double - click ( or single - click in Kubuntu ) the Songbird file inside .
http://getsongbird.com/
=
The official website , sadly lacking the linux versions
https://wiki.songbirdnest.com/Developer/Articles/Builds/Contributed_Builds#Linux
http://developer.songbirdnest.com/builds/trunk/latest/
http://www.getdeb.net/app/Songbird
= the deb version tailored for Debian family including Ubuntu and Mint
http://getsatisfaction.com/songbird/ = SongBird forums
http://getnightingale.com/ =
A community fork of SongBird
http://buildbot.songbirdnest.com/
= SongBird 's linux build - bot
http://publicsvn.songbirdnest.com/ = Source Code
CategoryAudio CategoryInternet
VALLEJO , Calif . --
When the economic crisis deepened this fall , this city already was losing scores of police and firefighters because it could no longer afford the rich salaries and benefits it offered after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks .
Now , with crime on the rise and tax revenue sinking , this San Francisco Bay area city faces more cuts in police and fire department budgets .
It is a scenario being closely watched by the many other California municipalities that offered the same lucrative pay packages -- and that now face ...
Ya gotta see this .
A video made up entirely from knitted images .
It looks like animation and is totally incredible !
Who says knitting is for grannies ?
video
Black Carpet Premiere ' Criss Angel Believe ' ( Photos )
Luxor Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas played host to the black carpet premiere last night for magician and illusionistshow Criss Angel Believe .
If Girl Next Door Holly Madison is trying to deny reports that she and Criss are an item , maybe she should n't have posed provocatively beside the magician .
The rumors began last month when Holly and Criss were seen cuddling in Vegas .
Check out that photo here .
Good ol ' Hugh Hefner is n't sitting around waiting for his next dream girl .
Check out his new twin girlfriends Karissa and Kristina Shannon .
Check out the photo gallery below .
Photos : WENN
December 19 , 2008
STUDENTS AT
New York City 's New School ended a day - and - a - half - old occupation in the early - morning hours of December 19 after winning important concessions in their demands for greater democracy at their school .
New School President Bob Kerrey , a former senator and well - known figure in the Democratic Party , was forced to negotiate personally with the students , who took over a cafeteria in a building slated to be torn down soon to dramatize their call for a greater voice .
In addition to amnesty for everyone involved in the occupation , the New School administration agreed that students could continue using the building where the occupation took place as a library and study space .
Also , students were promised representation on the Board of Trustees and committees to choose future administrators , plus the formation of a committee on socially responsible investing .
The top demand of the students when the occupation began was Kerrey 's resignation , along with the school 's executive vice president -- plus the treasurer of the Board of Trustees , Robert Millard , chairman of one of the largest defense contractors in the country .
That was n't achieved .
Nevertheless , as the occupiers came out of the 65 Fifth Ave. building to the cheers of a crowd of supporters outside , there was a sense that the fight is just beginning .
The students saw themselves as taking the first steps in a movement that will continue to organize against Kerrey , plus fight on other issues -- for example , confronting the fact of low - income students being pushed out of New School , some students suggested .
The potential for keeping up the struggle was clear from the wide support the occupation won , including from students on other campuses facing their own fights in a city where budget cuts are hitting the public education system hard .
Even as the occupation ended at close to 4 a.m. , there were more than 100 people outside showing their support .
The outside demonstration had swelled to as many as 400 as an apparent late - night deadline to close the occupied building -- and a threatened confrontation with security -- approached .
At one point , the protesters took over Fifth Avenue .
Some of the demonstrators then marched into the building and broke through a security cordon to join the occupation , bringing fresh enthusiasm to the students inside after a day of standoffs with administrators and security .
What else to read Read about the student occupation at the New School as it unfolded at the New School in Exile blog .
THE OCCUPATION was the culmination of weeks of rising frustration and anger with New School administrators ' failure to listen to student demands .
" We do n't have any say in how the university is managed ... or mismanaged , " said one student , Rachel .
To discuss their demands , students confronted the Board of Trustees and also tried to gain access to a closed - door meeting that Kerrey was holding with faculty .
They got nowhere .
These evasions led to the creation of an ad hoc group of New School students that took over the cafeteria in a building at 65 Fifth Ave .
One especially pressing issue was that the building was scheduled for demolition .
This would take away the last public student space for those who attend New School .
The New School 's social science and humanities library , located in the basement of the building , has been essentially useless for months .
Books sit in boxes , with only 1,000 available to the 10,000 students currently in the midst of finals .
Meanwhile , Kerrey - - who since taking over at New School was implicated in a massacre of civilians while serving a Navy SEAL during the Vietnam War - - had appointed himself provost and denied students a voice in their own university .
Earlier in the month , the New School faculty overwhelmingly voted no confidence in Kerrey .
As the student occupiers explained in a statement issued the first night :
We have come together to prevent our study spaces from being flattened by corporate bulldozers , to have a say in who runs this school , to demand that the money we spend on this institution be used to facilitate the creation of a better society , not to build bigger buildings or invest in companies that make war .
We have come here not only to make demands , but also to live them .
Our presence makes it clear that this school is ours , and yours , if you are with us .
One student , Jacob , explained that a combination of the election of Barack Obama , the economic crisis , the student protests of Greece and Italy , and the recent Chicago Republic Windows & Doors factory occupation " gave people the legitimacy that this is larger than the New School . "
Nathan , a New School student and member of the Radical Student Union and Students for a Democratic Society , emphasized that the occupation was the product of many different groups and individuals coming together .
After the first night of the occupation , cafeteria workers , members of the UNITE HERE union , learned about the students ' protest -- and refused to cross picket lines to come to work .
Police and security stopped letting non-New School students into the building -- a violation of the New School 's arrangement as part of a consortium with other schools , including New York University , that pledge to share facilities .
After this happened , students moved to take control of a side door exit to the building so they could let people in and out , without interference from security .
Kerrey came to the cafeteria around noon to address the students .
But when he was talking , police and security rushed into the corridor and scuffled with students .
A protester who was not a student was arrested .
Maria , a Hunter College student who came to the occupation to show her support , said , " The security guard picked me up and pushed me to the ground ... Cops came in later and pushed someone against the wall .
The violence was completely unprovoked ... It was the worst act of violence I 've seen in front of my own eyes .
Three cops had this young man by the neck and were shoving him against the wall . "
Security clamped down on access to the building .
But the occupiers maintained a blog from inside to appeal for solidarity -- and they were successful .
In particular , students in New York who are facing battles on their own campuses came to lend their support .
The connections to other struggles was on the minds of students like Pat , who talked about how many students involved in the occupation had decided to attend the New School because of its history as a home for leftist history , thought , faculty and action .
" What we found , " he said , " was a corporate institution . "
Pat connected the attacks on students at the New School to larger systemic attacks on higher education that are affecting students across the country .
" Students are getting into more debt , education is becoming less affordable , " he said .
" If we do n't apply pressure , what 's going to happen ? "
The key to answering that question will be to build a fighting response -- and the occupation at New School can serve as an example of how to get started .
SAN FRANCISCO — Drillers accidentally hit a pocket of molten rock underneath a working geothermal energy field in Hawaii , a lucky break for geologists that could allow them to map the geological plumbing that created everything we know as land .
The unprecedented discovery could act as a " magma observatory , " allowing scientists to test their theories about how processes transformed the molten rock below Earth 's surface into the rocky crust that humans live on today .
" This is like Jurassic Park for magmatic systems , " said Bruce Marsh , a geologist at Johns Hopkins University .
" You can go to museums and see dinosaur skeletons .
But if a paleontologist could see a dinosaur frolicking in the open countryside , it would be absolutely spellbinding .
And this is what it is for me to see this thing in in its natural habitat . "
Scientists know a lot about lava , but far less about its subsurface predecessor , magma , the molten material that originates deep in the crust and cools into rock near the surface , sometimes erupting as lava .
They 've developed models of magma's behavior based on how recently created land looks , but they 've never glimpsed the stuff where the vast majority of it actually resides , underneath the crust that covers the globe .
Understanding magma and how it forms land could shed light on how our continents came to be composed the way they are .
" This is how we built the Earth , " Marsh said .
" We built the Earth from very primitive materials , materials that remelted and remelted and distilled and eventually you get continental material . "
" It 's exciting , " said geologist Peter Kelemen of the Lamont Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia University .
He agrees that a live magma chamber could reveal some fundamental things about how crust is formed .
Because this is the first encounter scientists have had with underground magma , they are still putting together plans for how to best study it .
They will likely drill more holes into the chamber and send instruments down to take measurements of size and characteristics .
" We do n't really understand how the chemical differentiation of magma occurs , " he said .
Some theories suggest the separation of buoyant and non-buoyant material is responsible for creating different types of crust , a process that would be dependent on convection .
" The subsurface magma chamber could be convecting , " Kelemen said .
" That would be interesting . "
Previously , the closest scientists have been able to get to magma has been in Hawaiian lava lakes .
But the magma becomes stagnant and cools .
The magma in the chamber is insulated from the air , and geologists will be able to study it in action .
Like so many other discoveries in the history of science , this one was an accident and completely unexpected .
One day in 2005 , a commercial geologist was boring a hole deep into Hawaii 's crust , looking for a place to inject waste fluid from the Puna Geothermal Plant back into the Earth .
It was a routine process ; the company had spent months drilling into basalt .
As per their standard operations , the engineer sent the drill bit crunching through some more rock , pulled back and then went to reset the bit to drill deeper .
But something strange had happened .
" My colleague called me as soon as he saw it .
He 's a very experienced geologist and as soon as he saw it , he knew immediately that we were into something very different , especially the way it behaved coming up the wellbore , " said Bill Teplow , a consulting geologist with U.S. Geothermal .
" The driller can actually feel it .
He pulled the drill string up and when he set it down , he did n't set down on bottom , he set down 30 feet up . "
The geologist re-drilled the hole several times with the same result .
When they looked at samples of the rock , it was n't the gray basalt that looks like cooled lava , it was clear and glassy .
" This is a singular event , " Marsh said .
" It 's first contact with the inner Earth where the magma lives . "
In this case , the body of magma is sitting underneath a standard geothermal field , with all of the geological tools — like massive drilling rigs — that can aid their quest .
" This could be the first magma observatory in the Earth , " Marsh said .
See Also :
* Image : flickr / casch52
*
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook . *
In light of the sad news about John Stallings reported by Jesse , I thought I ’d remember him by recounting my favourite proof .
I do n’t know if I love it because it inspired my thesis or vice versa , but it ’s been an important part of my mathematical life so far .
In ‘ Topology of Finite Graphs ’ [ 1 ] , Stallings exploited the observation that free groups are precisely the fundamental groups of graphs to give elementary topological proofs of lots of classical theorems about subgroups of free groups .
This simple idea enables ignoramuses like me , whose group theory is pretty ropey , to prove nice theorems about free groups using nothing more than undergraduate topology !
The paper is a goldmine : among various highlights , Stallings gives a proof of Howson ’s Theorem that the intersection of two finitely generated subgroups of a free group is finitely generated , and I think it ’s the first place that his famous folds appear .
The theorem I want to focus on was first proved by Marshall Hall Jr in 1949 .
Theorem ( M. Hall Jr ) :
If F is a free group and H is a finitely generated subgroup then H is a free factor in a finite - index subgroup of F .
I ’d like to outline Stallings ’ proof .
As we go , we ’ll see that this theorem is as much a statement about the topology of graphs as it is about group theory .
The only prerequisite should be covering space theory .
Here goes .
The ambient free group F may as well be finitely generated – any finitely generated subgroup is contained in a finitely generated free factor .
So , as in all these proofs , we identify F with the fundamental group of some finite graph .
For definiteness , if F is of rank n then let G be the ‘ rose ’ with n petals – that is , the graph with one vertex and n edges .
To keep track of things , let ’s orient the edges of G – in other words , put an arrow on each edge , so one end is leaving the vertex and the other is entering it .
The idea of the proof is to analyse immersions into G. Recall that a map of graphs f from D to G ( sending vertices to vertices and edges to edges ) is an immersion if it is locally injective – so whenever v is a vertex of D , f embeds a neighbourhood of v into a neighbourhood of f( v ) .
If f is a local homeomorphism then f is a covering map .
The next theorem is the heart of Stallings ’ proof .
Theorem ( Stallings ) :
For any immersion f from a finite graph D to G there is a finite - sheeted covering space D’ of G that extends f .
More precisely , there is an embedding of D into D ’ and the restriction of the covering map to D coincides with f .
The proof of this theorem is a fun exercise .
The idea is to look at the vertices of D in turn and to count the number of ‘ missing ’ edges that need to be included to turn f into a covering .
Here ’s an example .
The colours and arrows are meant to indicate where each map sends each edge .
So red edges get sent to red edges , in such a way that the arrows match up .
The dotted edges are the ones that need to be added to obtain a covering space .
Armed with Stallings ’ theorem , Marshall Hall ’s Theorem is quite easy .
Proof of Marshall Hall ’s Theorem :
As above , identify F with the fundamental group of G. Let G ’ be the covering space corresponding to the subgroup H. Now G ’ is an ( in general infinite ) graph , but because H is finitely generated , its fundamental group is carried by a finite , connected subgraph D. Pictorially , G’ looks like D with some infinite trees attached .
The restriction of the covering map to D is an immersion .
By Stallings ’ theorem , D can be extended to a finite - sheeted covering space D’ .
This corresponds to a finite - index subgroup K of F , and as H is carried by the embedded subgraph D , it corresponds to a free factor in K. QED
So go forth , topologists , and prove theorems about free groups !
Remarks : 1 . These ideas were floating around for a while before the paper appeared , and I believe a similar proof is given in Hempel ’s 3 - manifolds book .
I did some investigation while writing my thesis , and there seems to be general agreement that these ideas are essentially due to Stallings .
2. Stallings ’ ideas are the beginning of a long story .
The first and perhaps most notable proof in a similar vein is Scott ’s theorem that finitely generated subgroups of surface groups are virtually geometric [ 2 ] .
His argument makes really elegant use of hyperbolic geometry .
Haglund and Wise ’s ‘ Special cube complexes ’ [ 3 ] is a very recent highlight .
It seems to simultaneously unite Scott ’s and Stallings ’ approaches and to open the door to proving similar theorems for much more general classes of groups .
I may write something about this in the future .
3 . For any topologists out there wondering why they should care about free groups , the corresponding theorem for 3 - manifolds would imply that every immersed surface can be lifted to an embedding in a finite - sheeted covering space .
There are examples of graph manifolds where this does n’t hold , but the question is still open for hyperbolic 3 - manifolds .
The link to the Virtual Haken Conjecture is obvious .
I gave a talk about the analogous theorem for residually free groups [ 4 ] at MSRI in the autumn , and was really gratified when Stallings came to talk to me afterwards about it .
He was an idol of mine , and I ’m sad not to have had the opportunity to talk maths with him more often .
I devoted a page or so of BLONDES to places in the world where people are most promiscuous , based on the findings of the International Sexuality Description Project ( IDSP ) .
Now here ’s an addendum — a new study , also by the IDSP , that has found links between national character and sexuality based on surveys taken by more than 13,000 people in 46 nations .
The researchers found that nations vary in character — for instance , some have more “ extroverted ” and “ neurotic ” cultures than others .
Unsurprisingly , extroversion is linked with promiscuity , and men and women in “ introverted ” nations — South Korea , Hong Kong , Japan , and Ethiopia — reported less promiscuity and desire for flings .
Women who scored highest on both extroversion and promiscuity tend to be from Europe — in particular , Serbia , Croatia , Switzerland , and Austria .
Extroverts were also more likely to “ poach ” mates , i.e. steal another person ’s partner .
Neuroticism ( defined by anxiety and high stress ) was another factor , and countries with the highest scores on this count — Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , and Hong Kong — had fewer people reporting or desiring flings than those in the relatively laidback countries of Finland , Slovenia , Croatia , and New Zealand .
However , there ’s a notable exception to the rule : North American women who scored high in neuroticism were more likely to be promiscuous .
As the researchers themselves point out , there are limitations to the study .
For one , some nations might be more truthful in surveys than others , or have different conceptions of promiscuity and short - term relationships .
Perhaps “ conscientious , neurotic , introverted ” nations such as Japan are actually more promiscuous than one might imagine ….
Labor Reborn : A Department of Labor Worthy of the Name
According to news reports , president elect Obama is considering for Labor Secretary three people who actually know something about labor and actually support the intended mission of the labor department , which is protecting the rights of laborers .
And by laborers , I mean you .
If you have not recently received a government bailout , you 're one of us .
Here 's the short list :
• Rep. George Miller , D - Calif. , chairman of House Education and Labor Committee
• Former Rep. David Bonior , member of Obama 's Transition Economic Advisory Board
• Andy Stern , president of Service Employees International Union
Any of these men as Secretary of Labor would be a 180 degree reversal from the past eight years , during which the so - called labor department has done everything it could to damage the labor movement and the rights of working people .
The National Labor Relations Board has a majority of its seats vacant and waiting for appointments .
If similar care is taken in making those appointments , we will be in for a whole new nation , and therefore world , assuming we can all survive long enough to reap the benefits of a reborn labor movement .
Congress is prepared to send to President Obama the Employee Free Choice Act , putting teeth into the legalization of the right to organize in your workplace .
While many of Obama 's proposed appointments strike me as hugely misguided , the approach he is taking on labor appears ideal .
Maybe that should tell us something .
If the peace movement worked as well as the labor movement , or if the labor movement worked for peace , would Obama be considering people like Emanuel , Gates , and Powell for positions in his administration ?
Solidarity .
Forever .
Lying 101 : Obama Considering Colin Powell for Secretary of Education
According to news reports , one of the names president elect Obama is considering for running our national education system is Colin Powell .
This is not from The Onion , but the Houston Chronicle .
But there 's hardly a non -humorous way to envision it .
Presumably schools will be required to institute new policies in favor of cheating on tests if they want to keep their federal funding .
Lying will be developed as an academic field fully integrated in the curriculum from preschool on .
And if you thought military recruiters had too much access to kids , just wait .
If you thought history books were already flawed by leaving out everything that happens between wars , get ready .
Are we supposed to laugh or cry ?
Is this what anyone voted for ?
War criminals running domestic departments ?
This would be like putting Jane Harman in charge of our " homeland " 's security .
Oh .
Wait .
The good news is that Obama is considering people who actually know and care about labor to run the department of labor .
And there are other good names on his list in consideration for other departments .
But it 's hard to read them , what with the nausea .
One of the defining features of laptops is their portability .
Being able to bring your computer with you and let you work in any location is one of the main hooks in getting one .
However , this also opens up a notable flaw with laptops : vulnerability .
The laptop screen happens to be one of the more vulnerable parts due to its fragile materials .
It happens to be one of the parts that take damage when the laptop ends up falling to the ground or hard surface .
This may happen to you .
If you ever end up with a broken computer screen , you can still salvage your laptop .
Today , we will at ways and steps to save your laptop despite having a broken computer screen .
Let us look at these steps to help you recover your files and much more .
1. Connecting a Secondary Monitor
You can still do something with a broken or dead screen , especially with a laptop .
A desktop has separate parts that can be easily replaced , such as the case for its monitors .
For laptops , this would depend on the model , but this is a viable solution that you can attempt first .
Check if you have an HDMI port on your laptop .
Some models would have an adaptor for HDMI cables .
You can connect this to any monitor or TV that has an HDMI port .
This can act as your backup monitor before sending your laptop for repairs and replacements .
Do n’t have an HDMI cable available ?
You can also use a VGA cable , and some would have mini- display adaptors that allow for use with VGA cables .
These tend to be present in older laptop models but this also gives you a backup approach .
With this setup , you can work on backing up your files for emergency purposes .
2. Have Your External Hard Drive Ready
With a broken computer monitor , you can still work on your laptop with an external monitor as your backup display system .
Despite this , you might want to have your files backed up in either an external hard drive or on cloud storage .
Using an external hard drive would be much faster to address .
In this case , you can make backups for your photos , videos , and other media files .
Important documents also take priority .
Some laptops would have a full backup system as in the case of the Mac OS with its Time Machine system .
This helps if you happen to be using a Macbook or a laptop that runs on a Mac OS .
3. Data Recovery Services
Aside from having a backup drive ready , consider the idea of working with data recovery services .
There would be cases that the monitor might not be the only damaged part .
As a precautionary measure , bring your laptop to a service center to recover all the files on the computer .
They can also check for any potential issues on the hard drive .
This includes the assessment of firmware damage and corruption , electrical and logical failures , bad sectors , and so on .
One way they can assess the hard drive is by having it checked and accessed on a separate computer while they fix the other components of the damaged laptop .
4. Access the Hard Drive in a Separate Computer
In the topic of data recovery , we mentioned earlier that one method for data recovery services to retrieve and back up your files is to connect and access your hard drive as an external volume .
This process also applies to desktop computers , in which you can take the hard drive and access it on a separate computer .
This helps with backing up and recovering the files stored in the hard drive .
Although for this step , you will need certain components for this to work out .
This needs a USB Hard Drive Enclosure , which will allow you to use a USB cable to connect the hard drive to the computer ’s USB port .
If the other computer happens to be a desktop computer , you can connect the other hard drive as an internal hard drive as well , setting it up as a secondary storage volume .
5. Programs for Data Recovery
There would also be situations when you want to check for deleted or lost files during such a situation .
Use recovery programs to help you back up your files and recover the ones that got deleted by accident .
This helps when you do n’t have a backup on your external drives .
Otherwise , you can always seek help from professionals on data recovery and repair services .
They can help you retrieve the files that you may have lost in the whole debacle , whether from external damage on the laptop or due to virus attacks .
6. Replace the Hardware
This would be the last step in the case of a broken monitor .
This would be easy for desktops as you only deal with the monitor as a separate device .
You can use a TV with an HDMI port for it to act as a monitor .
For laptops , you will need the help of a Service Center if the laptop model you own still falls under warranty .
They can assist in backing up your data and providing you a fresh installation of your OS .
As for hardware , they can replace the damaged portions , including the monitor .
Otherwise , you can also check with other capable computer repair centers .
They would also have replacement laptop monitor parts , in case you prefer to take that route .
Access and Backup Your Files Despite a Broken Computer Screen
As long as you can find a backup monitor , a broken computer screen is still possible to remedy and salvage .
Take action by backing up your files this way , or you can continue using the computer with this alternate monitor .
Whichever the case , make sure to be ready for contingency measures for your data .
Did you find this tech guide useful ?
We also have other posts tackling other topics related to technology and more .
Check out our wide selection of articles today .
The markets are battered and job losses are skyrocketing , but even in the midst of a national economic crisis , we should not lose sight of the profound significance of this week and what it tells us about the continuing promise of America .
Voters said no to incompetence and divisiveness and elbowed their way past the blight of racism that has been such a barrier to progress for so long .
Barack Obama won the state of North Carolina , for crying out loud .
The nation deserves to take a bow .
This is not the same place it used to be .
Election night brought a cascade of memories to Taylor Rogers , who is 82 and still lives in Memphis , where he grew up .
He remembered a big crowd that jammed the Mason Temple in Memphis on an April night 40 years ago .
“ It was filled with people from wall to wall , ” he said .
“ And it was storming and raining outside . ”
The men and women , nearly all of them black , were crushed against one another as they listened , almost as one , to the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. give his final speech .
Gee , imagine that .
A GOP bloodbath over Evita Sarah Palin :
But the real bile has been saved for those conservatives who have balked at the selection of Sarah Palin .
In addition to Mr Frum , who thinks her not ready to be president , Peggy Noonan , Ronald Reagan 's greatest speechwriter and a columnist with the Wall Street Journal , condemned Mr McCain 's running mate as a " symptom and expression of a new vulgarisation of American politics . "
Conservative columnist David Brooks called her a " fatal cancer to the Republican Party " .
The backlash that ensued last week revealed the fault lines of the coming civil war .
Rush Limbaugh , the doyen of right wing talk radio hosts , denounced Noonan , Brooks and Frum .
Neconservative writer Charles Krauthammer condemned " the rush of wet - fingered conservatives leaping to Barack Obama " , while fellow columnist Tony Blankley said that instead of collaborating in heralding Mr Obama 's arrival they should be fighting " in a struggle to the political death for the soul of the country " .
During the primaries the Democratic Party was bitterly divided between Barack Obama 's " latte liberals " and Hillary Clinton 's heartland supporters , but now the same cultural division threatens to tear the Republican Party apart .
Jim Nuzzo , a White House aide to the first President Bush , dismissed Mrs Palin 's critics as " cocktail party conservatives " who " give aid and comfort to the enemy " .
He told The Sunday Telegraph : " There 's going to be a bloodbath .
A lot of people are going to be excommunicated .
David Brooks and David Frum and Peggy Noonan are dead people in the Republican Party .
The litmus test will be : where did you stand on Palin ? "
There is general discontent with the state of XML processing in Ruby – see for example here or here .
An obvious solution is to use libxml .
However that has been a non-starter since the libxml Ruby bindings have historically caused numerous segementation faults , do n’t run on Windows and recently lost their current maintainer , Dan Janowski .
Making it even more frustrating is that Dan had spent the last year rearchitecting the bindings , successfully fixing the segmentation faults .
Since MapBuzz heavily depends on libxml , it seemed time to step in and contribute .
Over the last two weeks I ’ve added support for Windows , cleaned out the bug database and patch list , resolved the few remaining segmentation issues , greatly improved the RDocs and refactored large portions of the code base to conform with modern Ruby extension standards .
After iterating through a couple of releases over the last two weeks , the Ruby libxml community is happy to announce the availability of version 0.8.0 , which we believe is ready for prime time .
It offers a great combination of speed , functionality and conformance ( libxml passes all 1800 + tests in the OASIS XML Tests Suite ) .
So give it a try – its as easy to install as :
gem install libxml-ruby
If you ’re on Windows there may be an extra step if you have n’t already installed libxml2 .
If not , then the libxml - ruby distribution includes a prebuilt libxm l2 dll in the libxml - ruby / mingw directory .
Copy the dll to libxml - ruby / lib , your Ruby bin directory , or somewhere on your path ( basically put it someplace where Windows can find it ) .
Undoubtedly there are still some bugs left , so please report anything you find , so we can fix them in future releases .
Blindingly Fast
The major reason people consider using libxml - ruby is performance .
Here are the results from running ( on my laptop ) a few simple benchmarks that have recently been blogged about on the Web ( you can find them in the benchmark directory of the libxml distribution ) .
From Zack Chandler :
user system total real libxml 0.032000 0.000000 0.032000 ( 0.031000 ) Hpricot 0.640000 0.031000 0.671000 ( 0.890000 ) REXML 1.813000 0.047000 1.860000 ( 2.031000 )
From Stephen Bannasch :
user system total real libxml 0.641000 0.031000 0.672000 ( 0.672000 ) hpricot 5.359000 0.062000 5.421000 ( 5.516000 ) rexml 22.859000 0.047000 22.906000 ( 23.203000 )
From Andreas Meingast :
LIBXML THROUGHPUT : 10.2570516817665 MB /s 10.2570830340359 MB /s 12.6992253283934 MB /s 10.2570516817665 MB /s 8.51116888387252 MB/s 10.2570830340359 MB/s HPRICOT THROUGHPUT : 0.211597647822036 MB/s 0.202390771964726 MB/s 0.180272812529665 MB/s 0.198474511420818 MB/s 0.198474499681793 MB/s 0.180925089981179 MB/s REXML THROUGHPUT : 0.130301425548982 MB/s 0.131630590068325 MB/s 0.128316078417727 MB/s 0.125203555921636 MB/s 0.120181872867636 MB/s 0.115330940074107 MB/s
I ca n’t vouch for the appropriateness of the tests , but they show libxml clocking in at 10 x hpricot and 30 x to 60 x REXML .
I ’d be happy to accept additional tests or more appropriate tests if you have any .
An Embarrassment of Riches
In addition to performance , the libxml - ruby bindings provide impressive coverage of libxml ’s functionality .
Goodies include :
SAX
DOM
XMLReader ( streaming interface )
XPath
XPointer
XML Schema
DTDs
XSLT ( split into the libxslt - ruby bindings )
Now , your first reaction might be that SAX , DOM and XPath are all you need , but validating parsers make it a whole lot easier to sanitize user contributed content on web sites .
And the XMLReader offers a clever way of combining the DOM ’s ease of use ( well , ok , compared to SAX at least ) with SAX ’s memory and speed advantages .
Better yet , most of this functionality is exposed via an easy - to - use , Ruby like API .
There are still of course some warts lurking in the code , where libxml ’s C api leaks through to Ruby , but they are being removed one by one .
And for those of you who are n’t C hackers , much of this work can be done in good old Ruby .
A Long History
For such a useful , and full - featured library , the libxml - ruby bindings have a star - crossed history .
Out of curiosity , I went back and traced their lineage .
Sean Chittenden originally wrote them back in 2002 .
At the start of 2005 , Trans Onoma adopted the project after Sean had moved on , and at the end of 2005 the bindings found their current home on Ruby Forge .
At that point Ross Bamford took over maintenance and worked on the bindings for roughly a year , until early 2007 , when then the bindings again became unmaintained .
Dan Janowski picked up the ball in 2007 and completely overhauled the binding ’s memory model .
Sadly , Dan had to give up active support this spring .
But on the bright side , Trans , Dan and Sean are all once again active on the mailing list , providing valuable experience and insight .
From my point of view , with the renewed push towards a production quality release , and bringing in new users , the libxml - ruby community is as healthy as it has been in a long while .
Reflexology : Only Dangerous
If You Use It Reflexology is really no more than a foot massage , but potentially deadly to those hoping for medical benefits .
by Brian Dunning Filed under Alternative Medicine , Consumer Ripoffs Skeptoid Podcast # 24
January 28 , 2007
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Also available in Russian | Spanish Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4024.mp3
Let 's lie back on the sofa , put our feet up , and receive a therapeutic foot massage , accompanied by the soothing sounds of the rainforest .
Feel the energy as your body 's impurities are cleansed , your wellness heals itself , and the cancerous tumor in your brain melts away — all because of this foot massage .
We call it Reflexology .
Reflexology is the art of rubbing the foot , with the belief that certain areas on the bottom of the foot are spiritually connected to parts of the body .
Rubbing the part of the foot that correlates to the brain , for example , is supposed to cure anything that 's wrong with your brain , like brain cancer .
Rubbing the part of the foot that corresponds with your elbow is alleged to magically reconnect a torn elbow ligament .
Developed in 1913 by a man named William Fitzgerald as " zone therapy " , reflexology is based on the New Age definition of the word " energy " .
Fitzgerald believed that a mystical force field , not understood by science , that he called " bioelectric energy " , ran through the body in ten vertical bands corresponding to your ten digits .
Modern practitioners call Fitzgerald 's mystical energy field " life force " , and believe that adepts can manipulate this force field to promote any type of wellness in any part of the body , all through actions that correspond to a conventional foot massage .
For more great information on New Age energy , I refer you to Skeptoid episode # 1 , available on iTunes or on the Skeptoid.com website .
Now , nobody disputes that foot massages do have benefits .
They feel great , and absolutely promote relaxation and stress reduction .
Unfortunately , these benefits can mislead people to conclude that the massage is working for whatever other malady is claimed to be treated .
Another problem with reflexology is that , when used to diagnose a medical problem that does not in fact exist , the practitioner can claim that it is a future problem that 's being diagnosed and treated .
Time travel combined with medical treatment !
If reflexology were to be tested and compared to the results of a real medical diagnosis , this time travel aspect allows its supporters to claim even a clean miss as a direct hit .
Listener Scott Breitbach wrote in with the following letter : Hello Dr. Dunning ,
I live in a small town in Iowa ( pop. 4,000ish ) .
About two years ago a fitness center was built ( the Chickasaw Wellness Complex , CWC ) , which I think is pretty good for a town of our size .
I 've got a membership and have thus far been satisfied .
However a ( cover ) story this week in our local paper was about the new ' Reflexologist ' now employed at the CWC .
I have attached the article .
My issue is this : I would like to submit a letter to the editor refuting the article and exposing reflexology for what it is , pseudoscience .
The reason I am emailing you then is that I need some help .
I need some information and resources as well as talking points for my letter .
Please help !
Scott Breitbach
p.s. Thanks for the podcast , I enjoy listening .
And thank you , Scott , for helping to fight the good fight and alerting the paper 's readers to this sham .
And here is the article that the New Hampton Tribune , in New Hampton , Iowa published : What is Reflexology ?
As part of the Lighten up Iowa Kick - off Celebration held at the Chickasaw Wellness Complex on Thursday , January 4 , Chantal Papousek , a Lay Minister of Reflexology , introduced area residents to Reflexology .
According to information supplied by Chantal , Reflexology , or zone therapy , is the practice of stimulating points on the feet and hands , in the belief it will have a beneficial effect on some other parts of the body , or will improve a person ’s general health — helping a body heal from acute and chronic conditions , help reduce pain , stress and the effects of stress on the body such as high blood pressure .
The most common form is foot reflexology .
Practitioners believe the foot to be divided into a number of reflex zones corresponding to all parts of the body , and that applying pressure to tight areas of a person ’s foot will stimulate the corresponding body part , thus causing it to begin healing itself .
After a medical history assessment , in a Reflexology treatment Chantal first conducts a “ Thumb Walk ” , pointing out tender areas of the bottom of a person ’s feet .
These areas are documented and treatment is focused on them .
A machine called “ The Drummer ” is then used on the bottom and top of the feet , similar to massage machines .
The Drummer can stimulate areas deeper and more effectively than fingers .
Chantal graduated from the Modern Institute of Reflexology with a 4.0 grade point average and recently became certified as a Lay Minister of Reflexology .
Reflexology treatments can be arranged with Chantal at the Wellness Complex .
For more information , contact her at the wellness complex , 641-394-5433 or by e-mail at cwc@new-hampton.k12.ia.us .
Now , at first glance , one reaction to this letter is that reflexology is probably pretty harmless , and this is the kind of New Age faith - based treatment that the majority of people seem to want these days .
I 've had foot massages on a number of occasions and they do feel pretty darn good , so I 'm sure that the majority of Chantal 's customers will come away feeling wonderful , at least until the massage wears off .
Nothing wrong with that part of it at all .
But I wish that the New Hampton Tribune had n't taken Chantal 's press release so literally and reprinted it with so little reflection on its contents .
What we have here is a newspaper advising its readers where to get a " medical history assessment " from a person with no medical training whatsoever .
( If Chantal had any medical training , I 'm sure she would have listed it on her resume before " Lay Minister of Reflexology . " )
This is absolutely unacceptable .
From a liability standpoint alone , it 's insanity for a newspaper to print this ; and from an ethical standpoint it 's egregious .
The New Hampton Tribune has no excuse for stating that reflexology can improve a person 's general health .
Suppose a reader has a serious illness and goes to Chantal after reading this article , at the expense of time and money which could have been spent on crucial medical treatment .
There is nothing in this article that suggests a patient should do anything else .
And this is the central risk of reflexology : that a believer , or even a naive victim , will turn to reflexology in the belief that it can treat an illness , at the expense of proper medical treatment .
This delay of treatment can result in serious injury or death .
I think my favorite part of Chantal 's press release is that she trumpets her 4.0 grade point average from the Modern Institute of Reflexology .
Notice that you 'll find the Institute prominently listed on Wikipedia 's " List of Unaccredited Institutions . "
Wow , a 4.0 GPA from an unaccredited correspondence school .
The Institute has a web page describing the course of study to become a Lay Minister .
The page consists largely of prayers , scriptural passages , and even a discussion of Biblical foot washing ( for some reason , this particular institute mixes a large dose of Christianity in with Reflexology 's usual paranormal claims ) .
Sounds like a pretty rigorous medical course to me .
The article also states that Chantal is " certified " as a Lay Minister .
Since any certification that she might have is from an unaccredited correspondence school about Biblical foot washing , and not from any medical board approved by the American Board of Medical Specialties , it 's irresponsible of the newspaper to call her " certified " when she 's offering what she calls a " medical history assessment " .
Chantal , and any other reflexologist who uses the word " medical " , is about two inches away from prosecution for practicing medicine without a license , and any newspaper worth its salt should have refused to run her press release .
In no way is any reflexologist certified to give any type of medical assessment , diagnosis , or treatment .
To do so would be a felony .
New Hampton Tribune , clean up your act .
People say " Do n't shoot the messenger , " I am shooting the messenger .
Your article is irresponsible and endangers the health of your readers .
Chickasaw Wellness Complex , what can I say .
Offer massages , they 're wonderful things .
I have n't heard whatever you might be telling your customers , who are paying you for wellness , about reflexology — but I hope it 's factual and contributes to their health , and does n't put them at risk of seeking alternatives to needed medical treatment .
And Scott Breitbach , thank you for being the only voice of reason here and looking out for the health of your fellow Iowans .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
Please contact us with any corrections or feedback .
Shop apparel , books , & closeouts
Cite this article :
Dunning , B. " Reflexology : Only Dangerous If You Use It . " Skeptoid Podcast .
Skeptoid Media , 28 Jan 2007 .
Web. 30 Sep 2020 .
< https://skeptoid.com/episodes/4024>
References & Further Reading Carpenter , Janet S. , Neal , Jennifer G. " Other complementary and alternative medicine modalities : acupuncture , magnets , reflexology , and homeopathy . "
The American Journal of Medicine . 19 Dec. 2005 , Volume 118 , Issue 12 : 109 -117 .
Ernst , E. , Singh , S. Trick or Treatment : The Undeniable Facts about Alternative Medicine .
New York : Bantam Press , 2008 .
Ernst , Edzard .
" Is reflexology an effective intervention ?
A systematic review of randomised controlled trials . "
Medical Journal of Australia .
7 Sep. 2009 , Volume 191 , Number 5 : 263-266 . MIR .
" Lay Ministry of Foot Reflexology & Biblical Foot Washing . "
Modern Institute of Reflexology .
Modern Institute of Reflexology , 1 Jan. 2003 .
Web. 28 Jan. 2007 .
< http://www.reflexologyinstitute.com/career_minister.php>
Thompson , Damian .
Counterknowledge : How We Surrendered to Conspiracy Theories , Quack Medicine , Bogus Science and Fake History .
New York : W. W. Norton Company , Inc. , 2008 .
78 , 88 . Wikipedia .
" List of unaccredited institutions of higher learning . "
Wikipedia .
Wikimedia Foundation , 31 Oct. 2009 .
Web. 4 Nov. 2009 .
< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_unaccredited_educational_institutions>
Copyright © 2020 Skeptoid Media , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
Rights and reuse information
Tech confections are nothing new : we 've seen laptops Kindles ... heck , Martha Stewart even got in on the geek - baking action once upon a time .
So maybe we should n't be impressed with this edible Mac , but the truth is , we love to eat , and the phrase " chocolate icons " really hooked us .
So then ... custard - filled pico projector in 2009 ?
Yes .
Hit the read link to check out more photos of this delectable desktop .
Lucas Giolito joins Ed Walsh in 1906 as the only pitchers in @ WhiteSox #postseason history to go 7 + IP with 2 or fewer hits and 1 or 0 walks .
pic.twitter.com/LesL3H2gao
Brian Boyle remembers waking up and seeing the nun beside his bed .
She was praying with her eyes closed , clutching a set of rosary beads .
She was asking God not to take him away .
He wondered if he 'd already died and was in heaven .
Then he saw her lips move again and the clock above her head on the wall , so he figured he was still alive .
He remembers waking up , unable to speak or move , watching his doctors huddled with his parents in the corner of the hospital room .
They did n't know it , but he could hear them .
He heard the words " vegetable " and " hospital for life . "
What future , he thought ?
What kind of life is that ?
Then he'd be gone again .
[+]
Enlarge Courtesy of Boyle family Brian Boyle was in a coma for two months following his car accident .
He remembers the day he really woke up , two months after the coma began .
He opened his eyes and saw tubes everywhere -- down his throat , in his chest , in his arms , on his neck .
He could n't move any part of his body , could n't blink his eyelids .
He could n't ask why he was paralyzed or where his parents were .
He only knew that he was in a hospital and that he was scared .
So he focused on one thought : " Whatever happened must 've been serious .
How can I get out of this -- now ? "
They say he died eight times , though it could have been 10 .
His parents say it depends on how you define death .
Was it the time his tracheotomy filled with fluid and he turned blue , unable to breathe for several minutes before anyone noticed ?
Was it during the months he lay in a medically induced coma , his body convulsing whenever his parents spoke ?
Or was it later when , as a 5 - foot - 11 , 230 - pound athlete turned 130 - pound skeleton , he sat in his wheelchair , staring at his immovable legs , willing death to come ?
At times , his tale of survival sounds more improbable than possible .
And for almost two years , that 's how he felt .
Until the dream of an Ironman triathlon brought 23 - year - old Brian Boyle back to life .
Brian grew up the only child of Joanne and Garth Boyle .
Garth had six siblings and Joanne had four , so they planned for a big family .
But when Garth was diagnosed with testicular cancer after Brian was born , they were told that their son would be their only child .
Always an athlete , Brian started competitive swimming in elementary school , which he later abandoned for basketball and track and field .
As a high school freshman , Brian returned to swimming , even though the coaches grouped him with the 11 - and 12 - year - olds because they said that matched his skill .
" I was so frustrated by that , so I practiced all the time , " Brian says .
A year later , he was a Maryland state champion in the 50 free , 100 butterfly and two relay teams .
By his senior year , he was a nationally ranked discus thrower and had received a scholarship to St. Mary 's College , a Division III school 20 minutes from his home in La Plata .
In the weeks following his high school graduation , Brian practiced at a local pool every night .
He was in peak physical condition and he was n't a partier -- never smoked , drank or did drugs .
At 15 , he 'd gotten a tattoo of a lightning bolt because he'd read it was a symbol of victory in Greek mythology and felt it embodied his philosophy of never giving up .
He 'd grown his hair long , " surfer - style , " because he liked the look of his shaggy blond locks and thought the girls might , too .
On the Fourth of July , 2004 , he joined his parents at his father 's company picnic .
It 's the last evening he remembers .
Courtesy of Boyle family
The accident damaged all of Brian 's major organs .
The country roads surrounding La Plata are winding , two - lane highways without sidewalks or streetlights .
Brian was driving his 1994 Chevy Camaro at 6:40 p.m. on July 5th when he approached a stop sign at a four - way intersection .
After stopping , he pressed the gas pedal to cross the intersection when , to his left , a dump truck sped toward him .
Brian does n't remember the impact but lawyers and investigators later estimated that the dump truck was going at least 60 mph , 30 mph over the speed limit .
The driver had been in court two weeks prior for a speeding ticket , one of several on his record .
As the truck crashed into the Camaro , Brian was thrown across the car .
The impact knocked his heart across his chest , broke his ribs and crushed his lungs .
His legs crumpled beneath the steering wheel while his upper body was pinned to the passenger 's side door .
His seat belt broke his left clavicle and his pelvis was completely shattered .
Every major organ in his body was damaged .
Burn marks covered his skin .
Using the Jaws of Life , EMT technicians had less than 15 minutes to extract Brian from the car before he'd die from blood loss .
As the medical helicopter arrived to airlift Brian to Prince George 's Hospital Center in Cheverly , EMTs radioed him in as an Alpha Stat patient , the tag given to patients who are expected dead upon arrival .
" That 10 - minute ride to PG County was literally the ride of my life , " Brian says .
Joanne , a government contractor for the Navy , arrived home that evening with a message to call Prince George 's immediately .
The receptionist would n't tell her what had happened , but urged her to get there as soon as possible " about her son . "
Joanne called Garth , who was working at a construction site near St. Mary's .
When she told him where their son was , he fell to his knees , screaming .
At the hospital , Brian was in the shock trauma unit .
He 'd lost over 60 percent of his blood and a team of doctors put him into a medically induced coma , worried he would die from the pain and trauma of the ordeal .
" He was extremely critical , had already coded several times and was bleeding massively , " says Dr. James Catevenis , the director of critical care and medicine at PG Hospital .
" We did n't think his prognosis was very good . "
After cutting open Brian 's chest twice in 24 hours , they simply left it open for further procedures .
They did n't re-set his broken bones because the main organs were the first priority .
His parents stayed for 48 hours without food or rest .
Late into the night , the head nurse came into the waiting room .
" She was n't trying to get personal with us , just asking questions , " Garth says .
" But at the end , she asked us , ' Is Brian your only child ? '
When [ Joanne ] said yes , I looked over and the nurse was tearing up .
That 's when I knew we were in trouble . "
Courtesy of Boyle family Brian 's chest was cut open twice in 24 hours and he had multiple cardiac arrests .
For the next two months , Joanne and Garth followed the same routine : wake up , drive an hour to the hospital for morning visiting hours , wait in the lobby until afternoon visiting hours , wait again for evening visiting hours , and then drive home .
If they watched TV , there was one option : " Jolly Old England , " a British comedy , because it was a show that Brian disliked .
They could n't cook dinner because it reminded them of the foods their son loved , so they did n't eat much .
Instead , they waited for the phone to ring .
" In the evening , they 'd call a final time to give us the latest report , " Garth says .
If the call was bad news , Garth would go outside and mow the lawn , walking back and forth down the rows until the sun came up .
Joanne maintained a Web site with daily updates on Brian 's progress .
On the ride home from the hospital each night , they talked about what to post .
Though they discussed every detail , they always avoided the one question they were afraid to ask each other : " Do you think Brian is going to die ? "
Garth talked to his comatose son every day and massaged his feet .
They hounded doctors for updates , signed forms for more surgeries , and waited .
On some days , doctors predicted Brian would be out in a few months .
On other days , they asked if the Boyles had allowed family and friends to say their goodbyes .
" That was a stormy two - month course , but his parents never lost faith no matter how bad the news was , " Dr. Catevenis says .
" It was amazing to watch how they could come every day and still be positive , still feel that he was going to make it . "
After two months , Brian woke up to find himself paralyzed , strapped to a rotating bed to keep infection from setting in .
IVs pumped his body with nutrients , but he continued to lose weight .
He could n't communicate to tell doctors that while his body was mangled , his mind was still intact .
And he still battled death .
" There were many times when he had multiple cardiac arrests and we were doing chest compressions and giving him meds to try to restart his heart , " Dr. Catevenis says .
" When that happens , that 's considered death . "
Doctors and nurses kept telling him he'd broken a few bones and would be out soon .
" But I stopped believing , because it turned into a few weeks and I was n't leaving the hospital , " Boyle says .
" I was an athlete paralyzed in a hospital bed full of tubes .
I could n't imagine a worse situation . "
A few weeks after waking up , he decided he'd had enough .
" I started praying to God to end the suffering , " Brian says .
" I guess it was selfish , but I did n't want to live like that anymore . "
He would n't look at his parents that afternoon and his eyes glazed over .
" Please , " Garth pleaded with his son , sensing something was wrong .
" Please do n't give up . "
Begging turned to anger , with father yelling at son .
" Your mother and I will not survive if you do n't do this , " Garth shouted .
" You have to keep trying . "
Courtesy of Boyle family Before the accident , Brian weighed 240 pounds .
He left the hospital more than 100 pounds lighter .
" That 's when I realized , I 'm their life , " Brian says .
So he decided he'd try to smile , and focused all his energy on moving the muscles around his mouth .
As soon as he tried , his body went into convulsions .
Nurses and doctors rushed in to stabilize him .
When he tried again , the same thing happened .
Neurologists ordered a CAT scan , worried that brain damage was causing the seizures .
When the tests came back clear , Brian kept trying until his father returned that evening .
He focused on his father 's face -- and managed a contorted version of his smile .
His next goal was to speak .
With the help of a voice box , one morning , after his parents had left , a sound finally came out .
And another .
Dr. Catevenis called his parents into the room .
Brian smiled and told his mom he loved her .
The nurses and doctors broke down in tears .
Four and a half months , 14 serious operations , 36 blood transfusions , 13 plasma treatments and a massive amount of medication later , Brian was granted permission to leave the hospital for Kernan , an orthopedic rehabilitation center in Baltimore .
He spent six days in Kernan , surrounded by depressed , sick patients , which made him more depressed .
He saw his reflection in a mirror for the first time , and was horrified .
He tried to walk with one therapist standing on one side and one on the other while Brian held two poles , terrified of falling since he had no muscle or fat to cushion him .
After a week , he went home .
" It was like having a toddler all over again and re-learning everything , " Joanne says .
His parents moved his bedroom downstairs and slept on either side of him , listening to make sure he was breathing .
" I thought once we got him home , we'd have the old Brian back , " Garth says .
" I did n't realize how weak he really was . "
Watching his son struggle one afternoon , Garth stepped out on the porch and sat down , fighting to breathe .
As Garth yelled for Joanne to call 911 , Brian crawled out of his bed toward the sliding glass door to the porch .
When the medics arrived , they rushed to Brian , assuming he was hurt .
" No , it 's my husband this time , " Joanne told them .
At the hospital , Garth was diagnosed with post - traumatic stress disorder and prescribed antidepressants .
A physical therapist came to the Boyles ' house three times a week .
" My body was so weak , and I literally had no muscles , " Brian says .
" When I tried to take a step , it felt like a thousand pins pushing into my entire body .
The pain was excruciating -- worse than the accident itself . "
But one day , he received an e-mail from Gary Hall Jr. , the Olympic swimmer Brian had idolized since childhood .
Hall had heard about Brian 's ordeal through a friend .
" Ride on over all obstacles and win the race , " Hall wrote .
" I look forward to meeting you one day --- maybe we 'll go for a swim . "
" That 's what really motivated me to try swimming again , " Brian says .
So he set a new goal : to get back into the pool the new year , 2006 .
Sam Fleming , a friend and former swim - team rival , agreed to help .
Once his doctors gave the OK , Brian and Sam returned to the same pool he'd worked out in before the accident .
It was a week before Christmas -- his Christmas present from his doctors , Brian says .
[+]
Enlarge Courtesy of Boyle family Brian says the rehab was more painful than the injuries from the accident .
" When I jumped in , I sank to the bottom because I 'd forgotten how to stay afloat , " Brian says .
He struggled to the surface before starting a slow dog paddle .
" I was n't even trying to stroke the water , I just wanted to make it one lap , " he says .
It took almost seven minutes , but he swam the length of the pool .
" He seemed so excited to be back in the pool , " Fleming says .
" At one point , doctors had told him he would n't even be able to walk , and yet here he is swimming . "
By the spring of ' 06 , Brian had begun riding a stationary bike and swimming regularly .
He planned on beginning his freshman year at St. Mary 's in the fall .
He also revisited the three goals he'd held since middle school : be a state champion swimmer , swim on a collegiate team , and compete in the Ironman World Championships , something that had interested him since first seeing it on TV at 5 years old .
Though his lungs were n't strong enough to compete in every meet , Brian joined his St. Mary 's teammates that fall and swam in several competitions .
He sat out the spring 2007 season and became involved in bodybuilding .
Studying for exams , he was reading the Ironman site .
On a whim , he wrote to officials , describing his ordeal and his dream of competing in an Ironman triathlon , perhaps " five or 10 years down the road . "
Peter Henning , the producer of NBC's Ironman telecast , called Brian later that week .
" How would you like to compete in the Ironman World Championships as a media slot this year ? "
Henning asked .
This was June -- the race was in October .
Brian had never ridden a bike or run more than a few miles .
Still , " How could I pass up that opportunity ? " Brian says .
So he promised he'd take the first step and ask his doctors for approval .
Once his doctors granted him medical clearance , Brian had four days until the Steelhead 70.3 half - Ironman in Michigan on Aug. 4th , which Ironman officials insisted he complete to prove he could handle the world championships in Kona , Hawaii .
Brian did n't own a bike , so he called Cannondale and asked if he could borrow one .
Cannondale mailed him a $ 2,000 racing bike , which Brian had assembled two days before the race .
With no time to test the bike , he flew to Michigan .
Courtesy of Boyle family Brian finishes the Ironman in Hawaii last October .
As the race began , his parents went to a nearby beach , too nervous to watch .
" I was more nervous that Brian would die out there than when he was in the hospital , " Joanne says .
Because he'd never ridden a racing bike , Brian did n't realize that his feet clipped into the pedals or how to hold the handlebars or shift gears .
For 56 miles , he rode in one gear , never letting go of the handles .
He had a Gatorade bottle strapped in but was too afraid to let go to take a drink .
By the end of the bike leg , " I was seeing stars , " Brian says .
He did n't know how to stop the bike , so he crashed at the finish as cameras rolled and spectators watched .
Severely dehydrated and on wobbly legs , Brian took off on the 13.1 - mile run .
Seven and a half hours later , he 'd completed the half - Ironman , proof that he was eligible for Kona .
" That was harder than anything I 've ever done , " Brian says .
" Sometimes I look back and still can't believe I finished with no training . "
He spent the next two and a half months prepping for Hawaii .
He found a coach and spent eight to 10 hours a day running , biking and swimming .
In early October , the family left for Hawaii .
As the early morning sun rose over the Hawaiian coastline , Brian reflected on his journey to reach the Ironman .
The reflection also served as his race motivation .
" I kept thinking of how far I 'd come to get here , " Brian says .
By the start of the marathon , dark had set in , but Brian kept going .
As he approached the finish line , he saw both of his parents in " Team Boyle " T - shirts .
He held his arms out to both sides , grinning as the crowd cheered .
" Twenty - one - year - old Brian Boyle is an Ironman ! " the announcer roared , as Brian and his parents broke down in tears .
Fourteen hours , 42 minutes and 25 seconds after starting , Brian had finished .
Now , almost a year later , Brian 's goals have shifted .
He 's focusing on half - Ironmans and hopes to break five hours for the first time this weekend in Clearwater , Fla. , at the World Half - Ironman Championships .
On Mondays and Wednesdays , Brian attends classes ( he 's set to graduate in December of 2009 , studying graphic design ) and on Tuesdays , Thursdays , Fridays and weekends , he trains .
He rides his bike in the parking lot of a local school but runs his training legs on the highway .
He 's cut his half - marathon time in half , and has set a new goal of qualifying for Kona on his own , without a media slot .
He 's slimmed down to 180 pounds , his ideal competition weight , and is as healthy as he 's ever been .
Courtesy of Boyle family Brian continues to train while finishing up college .
Still , there are reminders .
" Every time I 'm in the car , I think about the accident , " Joanne says .
The back of the Boyles ' pantry door is covered in ICU name - tag stickers , which they placed there every evening after the hospital visits .
" I wake up , even now , and I 'll feel like I 'm paralyzed or in a coma , " Brian says .
" But then I move and I know I 'm living again , and I 'm so thankful . "
In April 2005 , he got a second tattoo of the Greek lettering for " alpha " to remember his status heading to Prince George's .
He chose Greek in honor of Dr. Catevenis , whom Brian says is one of the main reasons he 's alive today .
Their family pet , Daisy the bulldog , was also a post - accident addition .
" We needed something to keep our spirits up , and that was Daisy , " Boyle says .
On most evenings , the family sits together on the back porch after dinner , reflecting on their life now and Brian 's goals for the next year .
Doctors have told him that given the extreme trauma to his organs , he probably wo n't live past the age of 50 .
But for Brian , that 's just another odd he 's ready to defy .
" Growing up , he was always ' One more time , Dad , one more throw , ' when we played ball in the yard , " Garth says .
" He would n't stop until I made him stop .
He 's still like that .
Everything 's ' one more time . '
When I got the call that day , that 's what I was thinking .
They told me Brian was critical , he'd been in an accident , and I started screaming ' No , no , ' falling on my knees .
I was devastated .
But I then started thinking , " One more time , Brian .
Please .
Just one more time . "
Anna Katherine Clemmons is a reporter for ESPN The Magazine and a regular contributor
to Page 2 .
Biden evades question on possible prosecution of Bush admin Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday December 21 , 2008
Print This Email This Joe Biden would not directly answer a question about whether or not top- ranking members of the Bush administration should be prosecuted for abuse at prisons around the world .
Interviewed by ABC News ' George Stephanopolous , Biden said he was " not ruling it in and not ruling it out . "
" I just think we should look forward .
I think we should be looking forward , not backwards , " Biden said .
" President - elect Obama and I are not sitting thinking about the past .
We 're focusing on the future . "
Stephanopolous cited a report from the Senate Armed Services Committee that unanimously held former " Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other high officials " directly responsible for torture at U.S. prison .
Biden said the ultimate decision on whether the cases should be reviewed would be up to the Justice Department .
Newsweek reported that top Bush administration officials could soon face legal jeopardy for prisoner abuse committed under their watch in the war on terror .
The future vice president had no qualms , however , about criticizing Vice President Dick Cheney for his approach to the executive office .
" His notion of a unitary executive , meaning that , in time of war , essentially all power , you know , goes to the executive , I think is dead wrong , " Biden said .
" I think it was mistaken .
He also stands by the fact that we still should keep Guantanamo Bay open and so on . "
Prions are thought to cause severe brain diseases
The brain protein which has a hand , when defective , in the lethal disease CJD may also be involved in aiding our sense of smell .
Mice bred to lack the prion protein could not find buried food or choose between smells .
Columbia University scientists said some symptoms of prion disease might be due to the loss of the protein 's original role .
The study was published in the journal Nature Neuroscience .
I do n't think you can say that it is so mysterious any more , or that we do not understand what it does
Professor Nigel Hooper
University of Leeds
The prion protein has historically received something of a bad press , being blamed in its misshapen form for degenerative brain diseases in humans and other animals .
However , many scientists have been trying to uncover what it actually does when it is behaving correctly .
Dr Stuart Firestein 's team believe that one of these roles is to help us smell .
While his prion - protein free mice were still able to detect scents , they had lost some higher functions which required that smell information to be analysed and processed by the brain .
The scientists found changes in the communication between neurons in the nerve cells of the olfactory bulb , part of the forebrain which deals with odours .
When the protein was restored to this part of the brain , the ability to discriminate between odours came back .
Symptom clue
The scientists said that while the discovery had no direct link to the diseases caused by faulty prion proteins , it might help account for some of the symptoms experienced by patients , which might be due to the failure of the proteins to do their normal job properly , rather than the damage caused by accumulation of defective prions .
This is not the first suggested role for the prion protein - in 2007 , Leeds University scientist Professor Nigel Hooper said that it might help reduce the formation of " plaques " linked to the onset of Alzheimer 's Disease .
He said of the newly - reported research : " It 's likely that these proteins have a number of roles in various different body systems , including the olfactory system , as suggested here .
" I do n't think you can say that it is so mysterious any more , or that we do not understand what it does . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON , D.C. --
More than half of delinquent homeowners whose mortgages were modified earlier this year ended up redefaulting within six months , a top bank regulator said Monday .
Some 53 % of borrowers with loans modified in the first three months of 2008 and 51 % of those with loans modified in the second quarter could not keep up with payments within six months , according to U.S. Comptroller John Dugan , who spoke at a housing conference .
The report , which will be released in full next week , covers nearly 35 million loans worth a total of $ 6 trillion - or 60 % of all primary mortgages in the United States .
The high redefault rate raises concerns about the long - term effectiveness of loan modifications , which many are pushing as a key solution to the nation 's financial crisis .
A record 1.35 million homes are in foreclosure , while the number of borrowers who have fallen behind on their payments soared to a record 6.99 % , the Mortgage Bankers Association said last week .
Meanwhile , 1.7 million homeowners have been helped in 2008 through the Hope Now Alliance , a coalition of lenders , servicers , investors and counselors working with delinquent borrowers on modifications and repayment plans .
Dugan said the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency is asking servicers for more details on the loans in his report to determine what went wrong .
He wants to know whether the modifications reduced the monthly payments to affordable levels or whether the borrowers had too much other debt to keep their head above water .
" These answers are important , because they have important ramifications for the foreclosure crisis and how policymakers should address loan modifications , as they surely will in the coming weeks and months , " Dugan said .
Other regulators speaking at the conference questioned the quality of the loan modifications , saying that early efforts to restructure loans were not very effective .
Many simply tacked on the missed payments and penalties to the end of the loan .
" The quality of the modifications are not what they should be , " said FDIC Chairwoman Sheila Bair , a vocal proponent of adjusting loans by reducing interest rates , extending loan terms and deferring principal .
Also , verifying income is very important .
Modifications that include an interest rate reduction have a 15 % redefault rate , said Bair , citing a recent Credit Suisse study .
Last month , Bair unveiled a plan to address the foreclosure crisis by modifying loans to as low as 31 % of a borrower 's gross monthly income .
This could be done by setting interest rates to as low as 3 % or extending loan terms to 40 years .
Principal could also be deferred free of interest to the end of the loan .
To entice servicers and investors to participate , Bair 's plan calls for the government would share up to 50 % of losses should the loan redefault .
But that guarantee only kicks in after the borrower has made six monthly payments to better ensure the mortgage modification is sustainable long - term .
It would cost $ 24.4 billion , which Bair has said could come from the rescue funds .
Bair 's efforts have been widely praised , but the Bush administration has yet to act on it .
As the housing crisis continues to spin out of control , lawmakers , economists and community activists are increasingly demanding that financial institutions and the Bush administration do more to help homeowners by modifying loans to affordable monthly payments .
In recent months , banks and federal agencies such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) have stepped up efforts to adjust loans so that payments are no more than 38 % of a borrower 's monthly income .
Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass , who heads the powerful House Financial Services Committee , said Monday that Congress will not give the Bush administration the $ 350 billion left in the $ 700 billion financial system bailout package unless loan modifications are part of the plan .
However , other regulators said that federal money may be better spent on economic stimulus and job creation since a growing number of foreclosures are caused by unemployment .
In those cases , loan modifications wo n't help .
The unemployment rate soared to 6.7 % and is expected to go higher with companies announcing massive downsizings almost daily .
" I have to wonder whether or not focusing on job creation ..is a better way to focus federal dollars than on a loan modification process that may be only partially effective , " said John Reich , director of the Office of Thrift Supervision .
Two kinds of fraud
" Acorn " may not exactly be a household word , but it was on the cover of one of the newspapers I read in hard copy today , so it seemed worth getting into a marginal story that the GOP is trying to make central .
The key distinction here is between voter fraud and voter registration fraud , one of which is truly dangerous , the other a petty crime .
The former would be , say , voting the cemeteries or stuffing the ballot boxes .
This has happened occasionally in American history , though I can think of recent instances only in rare local races .
Practically speaking , this can most easily be done by whoever is actually administering the election , which is why partisan observers carefully oversee the vote - counting process .
The latter is putting the names of fake voters on the rolls , something that happens primarily when organizations , like Acorn , pay contractors for new voter registrations .
That can be a crime , and it messes up the voter files , but there 's virtually no evidence these imaginary people then vote in November .
The current stories about Acorn do n't even allege a plan to affect the November vote .
So the New York Post 's story leads :
Two Ohio voters , including Domino 's pizza worker Christopher Barkley , claimed yesterday that they were hounded by the community - activist group ACORN to register to vote several times , even though they made it clear they 'd already signed up .
There 's not even an allegation that the guy was being pressed to vote twice .
Acorn , meanwhile , is denouncing the raid on its Nevada office as a political stunt and says it had tried to alert authorities to its own bad registrations .
And Acorn is taking credit for registering 1.3 million new voters , which is a lot , though the fake ones , of course , along with being against the law , are worthless .
Bank Street Bully
I arrived at the corner of Bank and MacLaren this afternoon as three police officers were trying to put an unconscious , handcuffed woman into the back of a van .
She looked like a rag doll .
Then they changed their minds and laid her out on the sidewalk and sent for an ambulance .
The female officer slid a piece of cardboard under her , so at least she was n’t lying in the puddle .
I asked some other bystanders if they knew what had happened .
Two men , who said they had witnessed the whole thing , told me that she had been walking down the street smoking a cigarette .
A cruiser drove past , stopped , and an officer got out and approached her .
She ran .
The police caught her .
She resisted .
She was a tiny little thing , they said , but she put up a helluva fight .
It took three officers to bring her down .
“ And the big cop , he slammed her face - down into the sidewalk just like she was a huge man , ” said one of the men .
Then , he said , they cuffed her and went to put her in the van .
She was part - way in when suddenly she just collapsed .
Unconscious .
She was bleeding from the head .
That ’s roughly when I came along .
A woman said when she walked by , the young woman was unconscious , her face was grey , she was bleeding from her head , and her abdomen was rising and falling very rapidly , as if she were gasping for air .
She thought maybe the police had tasered her .
I snapped another picture .
The cops noticed this time .
One of them strode directly over to me .
“ You ca n’t take pictures of this , ” he said .
His tone was aggressive .
I slid my camera back into its case .
“ Okay , ” I replied .
“ Erase it , ” he ordered me .
“ What ? ”
“ I said ‘ Erase it ’! ” he said , “ I work undercover and I do n’t want my picture anywhere . ”
I really did n’t want to erase my picture .
Not unless I had to .
Besides , if he ’s so concerned about keeping his undercover identity secret , he should n’t walk around in a police uniform .
“ Do I have to ? ” I asked .
“ I told you , I do n’t want my picture anywhere . ”
“ Is it the law ? ” I asked .
“ I asked you nicely , ” he said , but he did n’t say it very nicely .
It sounded threatening to me .
“ Is it the law ? ” I repeated .
“ I asked you nicely , ” he said menacingly as he stared down at me , “ Are you refusing ? ”
I looked at him .
Maybe if we were in a dark alley with no witnesses , I would have deleted it .
But here ?
In broad daylight , surrounded by witnesses , with a tiny , bleeding , unconscious , handcuffed woman lying on the street ?
He was probably in enough trouble already .
“ Yes , ” I said , “ I ’m refusing . ”
“ Real nice , ” he said in disgust , “ Thanks a lot . ”
And he turned around and started to walk back to the knot of officers and the unconscious handcuffed woman .
“ It ’s still Canada , ” said a young man in the crowd .
The cop wheeled around .
“ You say something ? ” he demanded of the young man .
“ Yeah , ” he replied , “ I said ‘ It ’s still Canada . ' ”
“ What ’s that supposed to mean ? ” demanded the cop .
“ It means , ” said the young man , “ that we have rights here .
She can take a picture of anything she wants and she does n’t have to delete it just because you say so . ”
“ Oh yeah ? ” demanded the cop , “ I told her I work undercover and I do n’t want my picture anywhere , but she does n’t care what happens to me . ”
“ Maybe she cares about what happens to that person lying unconscious on the sidewalk , ” suggested the young man .
“ You a lawyer ? ” demanded the cop , “ Cause if you ’re not a lawyer then mind your own business . ”
Then , inexplicably , the cop said , “ You own property ?
Eh ?
You own property ?
Cause I own property .
That means I pay police tax .
If you do n’t own property , you do n’t pay police tax ! ”
Then he wheeled around and stomped back to his cluster of officers and the unconscious woman who was being tended to by the paramedics .
The little crowd that had gathered , we all looked at each other and shook our heads .
What does property tax have to do with anything ?
Quite apart from being wrong about only property owners paying property taxes , was he suggesting that only property - owners have the right to an opinion ?
That the police are only accountable to a certain class of citizen ?
“ What an ignorant bully , ” said one woman .
“ He gets his attitude from that holster , ” said a man .
I hope the young woman is okay .
She did n’t look good at all .
I wonder if there ’s any way to find out without identifying myself .
TAGS :
BEIJING ( Reuters ) -
When the International Olympic Committee ordered federations and Olympic committees around the world to boost drugs tests ahead of the Beijing Games , few would have predicted only six positive tests at the Olympics .
An A and a B bottle , used for the collection of urine samples in doping tests , stand at production site of Swiss Berlinger & Co. AG in Ganterschwil east of Zurich August 15 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Arnd Wiegmann
Even IOC President Jacques Rogge , weeks before the Games when dozens of athletes across the world were being suspended for testing positive for banned substances , expected about 30 - 40 cases in Beijing .
In Athens , 26 athletes violated anti-doping rules from about 3,300 tests .
About 5,000 tests have been conducted in Beijing .
Doping had severely tarnished the reputation of past Olympics .
Medals were stripped , world records annulled and suspensions handed out as late as eight years after competition .
The IOC , fully aware of the Games ’ lagging popularity among young people partly because of doping , issued a “ zero tolerance on drugs ” policy and eyed Beijing as a way to make up lost ground with the most extensive drugs control program ever .
Some 50 athletes were caught before the Games and many others were scared off .
A new rule brought forward to just before the Games warned athletes that if suspended for a doping offence for longer than six months they would not only miss the Beijing Olympics but also the London 2012 Games .
The work has seemingly paid off in Beijing with no big name caught for drugs taking .
Equestrian suffered a setback though as four show jumpers were suspended from the Games after their horses tested positive for banned substances .
Overall though records have tumbled .
The Games found new sporting heroes in U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps and sprinter Usain Bolt , and television viewing numbers are up 30 percent .
PRAGMATIC APPROACH
“ I am a pragmatic and realistic man , ” Rogge said in an interview with news agencies during the second week of competition .
“ The war is not won .
That is why we are freezing the samples for eight years . ”
Past experience has shown cheats get away by using cutting edge drugs but sooner or later testers catch up .
This time round though the IOC will not only be punishing the athletes .
It will crack down on offenders in their entourage , coaches and officials .
Already one of the cases involving Greek hurdler Fani Halkia has made its way to the Greek courts , with the IOC preparing to take legal action against her and her coach .
Halkia , the 2004 Games 400 m hurdles gold medalist , failed a doping test in Japan days before she was due to compete .
The same goes for Lyudmila Blonska , Ukraine ’s heptathlon silver medalist who had her medal taken away just days after failing a test .
Her coach is now also under investigation with the IOC reserving the right to sanction him as well .
The other cases a North Korean shooter who had his silver and bronze medals taken away , a Spanish cyclist caught before she competed , a Vietnamese gymnast who finished 59th and a Ukrainian weightlifter who finished sixth .
The big doping case may not have come in Beijing but judging from the past it may surface at any time in the coming weeks , months or years .
ALREADY the managers of many of the world 's leading financial firms have been found wanting .
Now , as the world 's economy slows , attention will turn to managers of non-financial firms , to see if they are any better prepared for the rainy day that was bound to come sooner or later .
It will be no surprise if soaring bankruptcies demonstrate that their risk management was just as inept , and just as focused on maximising short - term profits ( and their pay packets ) without thinking too hard about what would happen when the good times ended .
Why is this failure so unsurprising ?
In a new article in the Harvard Business Review , Rakesh Khurana and Nitin Nohria , who teach at the Harvard Business School , argue that the problem is literally a lack of professionalism .
Contrasting corporate managers with doctors and lawyers , the authors title their article with their argument : “ It 's Time to Make Management a True Profession ” .
Shutterstock
Way of the future ?
As they point out , “ unlike doctors and lawyers , managers do n't need a formal education , let alone a license , to practice .
Nor do they adhere to a universal and enforceable code of conduct . ”
Even if individual firms write and enforce corporate codes or value statements , “ there 's no universally accepted set of professional values backed up by a governing body with the power to censure managers who deviate from the code . ”
Implicit in this argument is a deep criticism of the MBA , a degree that Messrs Khurana and Nohria teach , and which many of today 's failing managers hold .
Indeed , there are already rumblings about the failure of the MBA courses that Wall Street 's “ finest ” took before rising up the ranks of global finance — just as there was after Enron went bust in 2001 ( Jeffrey Skilling , Enron 's chief executive , holds an MBA from Harvard ) .
Yet , as the professors point out , the desire to make management a profession like law and medicine was central to Harvard Business School in the first decades after it was founded 100 years ago .
A start would be for management education to “ adopt the more stringent knowledge and competency standards required by true professions , ” they argue .
For instance , the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business “ could devise and administer an exam that all graduating MBAs would have to pass before they were licensed to practice ” .
Managers could also be required to take top - up courses to retain their licences .
One question this raises , the authors concede , is just how essential management education is — indeed , the success of iconoclasts like Bill Gates might suggest that a lack of formal management training was a positive advantage in becoming a successful entrepreneur .
Medicine and law have far fewer examples of top practitioners succeeding without professional training — despite the popularity of some alternative healers and upstart legal heroes such as Erin Brockovich .
Messrs Khurana and Nohria propose that management jobs be classified according to the amount of professional training required in order to allow the market to make clear the value of such training , but it is hard to imagine the traditional entrepreneur educated in the university of life going out of fashion .
Perhaps more important than an educational standard may be a general agreement on what constitutes professional standards of behaviour .
To this end , the two professors propose a managerial version of the Hippocratic Oath , to which all doctors must swear .
“ Codes create and sustain a feeling of community and mutual obligation that members have toward each other and toward the profession , ” they argue .
The management oath they propose covers issues including selfishness ( “ I pledge that considerations of personal benefit will never supersede the interests of the enterprise I am entrusted to manage ” ) and transparency ( “ I vow to represent my enterprise 's performance accurately and transparently to all relevant parties ” ) .
This lacks the simple clarity of medicine 's “ First , do no harm ” , largely because it is exceedingly hard to judge whether a manager is doing a good job until long after he or she has ceased to do it , if even then .
The professors want managers to pledge “ to serve the public 's interest by enhancing the value [ their ] enterprise creates for society . ”
But this is a difficult standard to judge ; peers and the public tend to focus on the measure of performance they can see easily : profit .
In business , profit can go up for years even when a manager is overseeing activities that neither maximise the long - term value of the company nor aid society .
With the exception of Hugh Laurie 's brilliant but misanthropic fictional doctor , House , going against the norms of the profession is not the route to success in medicine .
Yet , as the public and politicians increasingly look to blame business for the problems of the economy , the call for professionalism could hardly be more timely .
If they are wise , today 's business leaders and educators will see it is in their enlightened self - interest to take the goal of professionalisation seriously , and thus start to regain society 's trust .
The coins were found in two pottery vessels , buried 3 m apart
One of the largest deposits of Roman coins ever recorded in Wales , has been declared treasure trove .
Nearly 6,000 copper alloy coins were found buried in two pots in a field at Sully , Vale of Glamorgan by a local metal detector enthusiast in April .
After the ruling by the Cardiff coroner , a reward is likely to be paid to the finder and landowner .
It is hoped the coins will be donated to National Museum Wales , which has called the find " exceptional " .
Two separate hoards were found by the metal detectorist on successive days , one involving 2,366 coins and the other 3,547 coins , 3 m away .
The 1,700 - year - old coins dated from the reigns of numerous emperors , notably Constantine I ( the Great , AD 307-37 ) , during whose time Christianity was first recognised as a state religion .
Derek Eveleigh , 79 , from Penarth , who came across the hoards in a field of sheep , has kept his find a secret until the outcome of the inquest .
He said : " I had a signal first and when it was deep I thought I better dig it - and that was it . "
The coins now will be valued by an independent committee Edward Besly , the museum 's coin specialist called it an " exceptional find " .
He said : " The coins provide further evidence for local wealth at the time .
They also reflect the complex imperial politics of the early fourth century . "
' Time of danger '
It is thought the two hoards were buried by the same person , possibly two years apart .
A similar find was uncovered in the area in 1899 .
" There was quite a bit of Roman activity in the area at the time , southwards from Cardiff Castle , where there was a Roman fort , to the Knap at Barry where there was an administrative building and there were farms in the Sully area , " said Mr Besly .
" There 's a human story there somewhere but it 's intangible , we can't really get to it but certainly somebody buried two pots of coins . "
" It could have been they were buried for safe keeping , possibly at a time of danger . "
It is hoped the coins will be given over to the museum for further study and to go on public display .
Mr Eveleigh added : " All I found before was thrupenny bits and bits of metal .
" I have had to keep it quiet all these months .
Someone told me that when you find one hoard you find two . "
Also declared treasure by the coroner were two bronze axes from Llancarfan , Vale of Glamorgan .
Discovered in June 2008 , they were buried together as a small hoard .
The two complete bronze socketed axes have ribbed decoration and are examples of the south Wales type , dating to the late bronze age ( 1000 - 800 BC ) .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Males as Objects ------------------------------------------------------------------------
<
Backg round :
The issue of male objectification is often raised in gender classes that I have taught .
I have heard many men and women suggest that men are now equally objectified in popular culture .
Many a people have focused on the Lucky Vanos ads of years past as a sign of advertisers recognizing the desire of women to objectify men in our society .
But what is really happening in advertising ?
Can men be objectified as women ?
If so , in what frequency is objectification present in ads ?
The Ads : Consider the number of ads presented in this male trope as compared to other examples of female objectification .
Questions : ( 1 ) How do the examples of male objectification compare to those of female objectification ?
( 2 ) What political and social circumstances can be connected to the increasingly examples of male objectification ?
( 3 ) What is your opinion on male objectification ?
Is it justifiable ? >
Image 1 Image 2 Image 3 Image 4 Image 5 Image 6 Image 7 Image 8 Image 9 Image 10 Image 11 Image 12 Image 13 Image 14 Image 15 Image 16 Image 17 Image 18 Image 19 Image 20 Image 21 Image 22 Image 23 Image 24 Image 25 Image 26 Image 27 Image 28 Image 29 Image 30 Home < presented by Scott A. Lukas , Ph.D. >
Fill in the blanks
As leaders of the opposition parties , we are well aware that , given the ___A___ minority government , you could be asked by the Prime Minister to dissolve the ___B___ Parliament at any time should the House of Commons fail to support some part of the government ’s program .
We respectfully point out that the opposition parties , who together constitute a majority in the House , have been in close consultation .
We believe that , should a request for dissolution arise this should give you cause , as constitutional practice has determined , to consult the opposition leaders and consider all of your options before exercising your constitutional authority .
Your attention to this matter is appreciated .
Many voters were pleased that the system appeared smoother
It may have been one of the coldest mornings of the year , but that did not stop millions of Bangladeshis from defying the elements in their millions to vote in the country 's first national elections for seven years .
The overwhelming majority seemed happy to see the country return to democracy and the end of two years of emergency rule by the military - backed caretaker government .
The leading English language Daily Star newspaper seemed to capture the mood by describing a relaxed and happy mood among voters in Dhaka and elsewhere in the country .
Everywhere men and women patiently waited in separate lines before producing their ID cards to be checked against photographs on the electoral roll .
Hiccups Each voter received ballot papers showing party symbols - such as a boat , a sheaf of rice stalks or a wristwatch - to help the estimated 43 % of voters who are illiterate .
Their thumbs were also marked to stop them voting twice .
Voters waited patiently to exercise their mandate
The sense of order in the voting queues was in contrast to the political turbulence Bangladesh has experienced throughout its existence of nearly four decades .
There were of course one of two hiccups in a vote which involved more than 80 million people , including incidents of violence and reports that some people had turned up at the polling booth but were not on the electoral register .
Officials say that they expect the overall turnout could be as high as 75 % .
The last time 35 - year - old sales representative Ayesha Akhter tried to cast her vote in a Bangladesh election , she was unable to do so because her name was not on the list - either because of an administrative error or because of poll fraud .
But this time it was different .
" It 's a great feeling being able to exercise my democratic right in this festive and peaceful atmosphere , " she told the AFP news agency .
The streets were nearly deserted during the vote " The last time I tried to vote when the elections were held in 2001 , someone had already voted on my behalf .
It happened to so many people I know .
The last time I managed to vote was in 1996 . "
In an effort to combat such fraud , the caretaker government arranged for all voters to be issued with biometric photo identification cards .
The list - which took 11 months to complete - eliminated more than 11 million fake names .
There was a heavy army and police presence across the country to maintain security , with a vehicle ban in busier towns and cities .
About 32 % of voters were estimated to have cast their votes for the first time .
" I 'm a first - time voter and the atmosphere could n't be any better , " 21 - year - old mechanic Mamun Howlader told AFP .
" There 's a festive atmosphere .
It 's fun . "
Whether the peaceful atmosphere remains once the results are known is open to question .
" Everything today looks perfect , " 38 - year - old shopkeeper Babar Ali told AFP .
" But I think all hell could break loose tomorrow if the loser does n't accept the vote . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Honda Insight : Hybrid gasoline - electric car by Will Ryu Why SUVs do n't get good fuel efficiency .
In general there are three important design considerations in building any type of fuel - efficient vehicle : low aerodynamic drag , low weight , and low rolling resistance .
Relative to a conventional car , the Insight achieves all three of these design goals .
At high speed most of the engine 's power goes into pushing air out of the car 's way .
Or to put it another way , on the highway , typically 1/ 2 of the power loss is due to aerodynamic drag for a traditional car .
It goes without saying that reduction of drag is a big part of fuel - efficient car design .
With a 0.25 cd , the Insight has the lowest aerodynamic drag coefficient of any commercially mass - produced automobile .
For comparison my VW GTI - VR6 has a 0.35 cd , and the Ford Explorer has a 0.42 cd .
So if the Insight 's tear drop shape looks a little odd to you , just remember that the goal of aerodynamic efficiency dominated the exterior design .
The small front profile works with the low drag coefficient to reduce the load on the car at high speeds .
The rear wheel wells have plastic skirts that allow the airstream to move smoothly past the tires , instead of becoming turbulent .
The rear underbody has plastic panels to smooth the airflow beneath the car .
Aluminum alloy frame
The aluminum frame construction technology has trickled down from Honda 's experience building the aluminum body Acura - NSX .
In addition to the frame , most of the major body panels of the Insight are also made of aluminum .
Honda 's use of aluminum construction makes for a very light car ( about 1800 lbs ) .
For comparison my VW , a small 3 - door hatchback with a steel frame weighs over 2800 lbs , and a Ford Explorer weighs about 4000 lbs .
The Insight 's single body aluminum frame is 47 percent lighter than a comparable steel body yet it has better bending and torsional rigidity .
In addition to the frame , the car 's front and rear suspension arms , and even the front brake pad calipers and rear brake drums are made of aluminum as well .
The gasoline engine itself weighs just 124 pounds .
Finally , a bunch of nickel - and - dime weight - saving features are located throughout the car , such as the plastic - resin gas tank , the magnesium alloy oil pan , lightweight 5 - speed transmission , and lightweight exhaust .
If you place a car on a level surface , put it in neutral , and try to push it so it moves at a slow but constant speed , you will find that it takes some force to do so .
This is because the car has rolling resistance , which is caused primarily from the energy lost in the tires due to the compression of the rubber .
As a general rule , the harder the tires , the lower the rolling resistance .
Unfortunately the trade - off of using hard tires is traction and cornering ability .
So here Honda had to make a concession .
They gave up some drivability for fuel efficiency by choosing special low rolling resistance tires from Bridgestone .
It 's a good compromise .
Honda could have gotten even lower rolling resistance by using hard , narrow , plastic tires but then the car probably would have handled like a Big Wheel .
Interior and Electronic Instrument Display
The interior is a bit utilitarian - think mid-level Honda Civic .
Spartan but functional would be my take , but style is a personal matter so check out the pictures above to come to your own decision .
Instrument display
Note the embarrassingly low 32.4 mpg reading in the lower center .
Why so low ?
Because I took this picture after racing my friend in his Insight with my GTI - VR6 through Cambridge and Watertown .
Let 's just say , he needed to burn some extra gas to try and keep up with me , Heh heh .
His lifetime average is about 60 mpg .
I prefer analog gauges over digital displays , but the Insight 's electronic display is well laid out and easy to read .
This is important because you will be looking down at the display more often than in a conventional car .
Arrows prompt you to up or down shift , presumably helping you achieve the best gas mileage .
Tach on the left , and mph placed smack in the center .
The mpg reading is prominently displayed in the lower center of the display and is continually updated .
Once you start checking the mpg you 're getting , it 's hard to stop .
Keeping your mpg reading high becomes an addictive preoccupation .
Next : real world performance
I ca n’t say that the bug this post is about is my worst bug ever .
Or even my most embarassing bug ever .
But it is certainly my most costly bug ever .
But first , a picture .
You can click it to see the full - sized version .
The above graph shows two years and change of monthly visitor counts to my business .
There are a bunch of milestones I could have put up there — the new versions of my software , the key events in my market ’s annual cycle , the redesign of my website , the time I quadrupled my advertising budget .
And they all pale in comparison to squashing one stupid little bug .
What Could Possibly Have Done That ?
Well , like many bugs , the impact of this one rose in direct proportion to how clever you are .
My business website runs on a custom - designed CSS which cranks out free printable bingo cards .
The home page , shopping cart , main level navigation , all of these things are valuable towers which sit on a gigantic foundation of free content .
That content attracts me links , traffic , and searchers .
The bright idea to make the production of this content scale is probably the single biggest thing I ’ve ever done to grow my business .
And scale it does .
I pay a terrifically talented freelancer to write the actual word lists that become the bingo cards , and provide a little bit of color commentary .
I feed her input into the CMS , and * bam * web page , downloadable PDF , and GIF are created .
Now multiply this times a couple hundred , for very little additional work on my part .
The Best Laid Plans of Mice and Men
One design decision I made when building this automated marketing machine was to give it a time - based element : one bingo card got featured a day .
Originally this was largely because I had the site separate from my main site and wanted to call it Daily Bingo Cards .
I figured , hey , if a new card pops up to the “ front ” page every day then it will always be fresh , and that makes it stickier for folks .
( And , as it turns out , I do have a handful of folks who a year later are still loading the page several times a week to see what is new . )
However , I had ( totally unfounded ) performance worries about Rails when I wrote this application .
I thought hitting the database for every pageview was needlessly taxing on my server ( bzz , I only get a few thousand a day , why the heck would the server complain ? )
So I decided to turn on caching .
Caching is a wonderful tool .
You can use it to solve just about any performance problem .
It solves it by replacing the problem with a cache expiration problem .
( No performance problem ?
Oh , you get to deal with cache expiration anyway , do n’t worry . )
How Hard Can It Be ?
Now , if you want to refresh your content on your website once a day , and you ’re not really particular when you do it , caching should be dead easy : purge the cache once a day .
Which I did .
Sort of .
You see , Rails stores cached pages in the same directory your static HTML is being served out of , as static HTML .
Your web server treats the cached pages as it would any other web page if they exist , and just slurps them right out of the directory and spits them out at whoever is requesting that page .
This is blazingly , bugs - in - your - teeth fast .
And to clear the cache ?
Simple — delete the HTML file and it is like it never existed .
Your web server , seeing no file matching the user ’s request , will fallback to calling Rails to see what to do with the request , and after Rails does its magic there might be a new HTML file deposited into that directory .
And how to delete a file once a day ?
Stick task in chrontab … done .
Your Testing Protocol Leaves Something To Be Desired
Now normally a line which is , roughly speaking , the complexity of rm - rf / some / file / name / goes / here is pretty hard to screw up .
But knowing well my pechant for screwups I tested those lines before I wrote them into the crontab .
As root ( do you see where this is going ? )
And they worked swimmingly .
Of course , when I wrote them into the crontab , I did not set them to execute as Root .
No , I set them to execute as the user that I thought would be dropping the files — clearly the web server , right ?
( WRONG .
The web server proxies requests to Rails , but Rails operates under another user to write the cached html .
I knew that on an intellectual level , but it did not occur to me one fateful evening when writing that cron file . )
Compounding Errors
So , as a result , large portions of my website were not getting refreshed when I thought they were .
As a result , instead of a dynamic bingo card publishing empire , with constantly refreshed content that was added to , content on the website was fixed at first generation and then went stale .
Had it stayed stale , I would have eventually figured things out .
But no —
I was developing the site , occasionally , and every time I deployed a new version of it , one of the deployment steps had the side effect of nuking the cache directory .
And since the only reason I would be trolling on my own bingo cards pages was to see that my changes were taking effect , I never saw the bug .
Meanwhile , between bursts of development activity , the page would look like an unattended ghost town for weeks or months at a time .
Diagnosing The Error , or , Reality Bites Your Hindquarters
Periodically I check what bingo cards my users find most appealing , both for curiosity ’s sake and to guide development of new content .
Typically this is largely seasonal in nature — in November , for example , I can tell you without looking that bingo cards for Thanksgiving are going to have a total lock on the most popular crown .
But sometimes I ’ll notice other patterns — a church sends my site out in their weekly flier and Bible Bingo gets popular for a week , some school has a unit on Chaucer and suddenly I see a surge in searches about the Canterbury Tales , and the like .
And then sometimes you see things that ca n’t be explained .
Insects being on the top 10 list for two months .
But you ignore it — maybe some people like bugs .
Cat Breeds for two weeks ?
Maybe some people like cats .
But the one that finally clued me in was The Moon .
Because either NASA camp was playing Moon bingo every single day in July or something was up .
The Game Is Afoot
So I checked the database to see what card was scheduled for that day , because the card that gets top billing should typically be at or near the top of the most popular list .
And the database dutifully reported : none .
Which is impossible — had I run out of cards ?
I thought I would still have about 100 in reserver .
I checked the database and saw , hmm , closer to 200 .
Meaning either I was off on my mental count or about 100 had not been assigned .
One quick Ruby script later , iterating through all the days in summer , and I realized that only 6 days in summer had seen a new card assigned .
The error log showed nothing out of the ordinary for the other days .
As a matter of fact , it showed … nothing for them .
It was like the website was n’t getting generated at all … or if it was , it was being served 100 % out of cache .
Shoot .
Five minutes later I found and fixed the bug .
I was so mad I nearly posted a note about it here , but figured no one would care .
Had I known at the time how bad the impact was , I would have had apoplexy .
Fast Forward Three Months
If you know what happened , this seems like a pretty teeny bug conceptually .
Google sure did n’t see it that way — this bug made a live , growing website look largely dead to the world , and Google accordingly sent most of their searchers to get their bingo cards elsewhere .
( Ever wondered if Google values “ fresh ” web content ?
This is my most convincing experience that says the answer is YES , although there are a couple of reasons why the pages are better with the daily updates happening which go a bit deeper than “ they smell fresh that way ” , which are out of the scope of this post . )
After the website was restored to vibrant life , Google opened the long - tail floodgates .
And the difference ?
I ’ve more than doubled most types of traffic , both search related and otherwise .
( Funny , while no user thought this was important enough to email about — and would you email if a favorite website went dead for a while during the summer ? — many sure thought it important enough when it was fixed to take notice . )
There are a few confounding factors in there ( increased advertising budget , seasonal fluctuations , etc ) but nothing accomodates for anything like the huge run -up you see in the graph .
My sales graph also shows a bit of a bump , to put it mildly .
Word to the wise
1 ) Test your website with the same diligence you test your application .
Or , in my case , improved diligence .
2) Pay attention to your website .
Even the boring bits .
Especially the boring bits that make you money .
3 ) Never send a commited Windows programmer to do a Unix sysadmin ’s job .
Chambliss skips unemployment vote for speech on unemployment Andrew McLemore
Published : Saturday November 22 , 2008
Print This Email This Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss missed a Senate vote to extend unemployment benefits in order to continue campaigning against his Democratic challenger , Think Progress reported .
Chambliss , who was one of four senators to miss the vote , said he would have voted for the bill had he been there .
His campaign sent out a press release praising " the passage of the law and [ said he ] hopes it will help laid - off workers get by while seeking a new job . "
But Martin 's campaign claims Chambliss did n't support extending benefits for the unemployed until it became a hot - button issue .
Locked in a tight race for his Georgia Senate seat , Chambliss gave a speech the day of the vote about the state of the economy and the need to aid unemployed workers , WCTV reported .
" It s imperative that we continue down the road of putting liquidity , integrity and confidence back in the financial marketplace so that we can see the credit market free up and people having the ability to borrow money to to operate and expand their businesses , " Chambliss said .
Did Hitler really only have ONE testicle ?
A historian sorts the extraordinary truth from the far - flung myths about the Fuhrer
Sung to the tune of The Colonel Bogey March , the old wartime song had it that Hitler was not quite a ' complete ' male .
Now , an extraordinary claim based on an account from a long - dead German army medic asserts that the basic fact of the song is true - that Hitler really did have just one testicle .
The World War I medic , Johan Jambor , is said to have discovered an injured Hitler at the battle of the Somme in 1916 and saved his life .
A German army medic who treated an injured Adolf Hitler during World War I told a priest the Nazi leader did have just one testicle
Hitler was screaming for help as a result of injuries to the abdomen , claimed Jambor .
His legs were covered in blood and he had lost a testicle .
How do we know this ?
Apparently , Jambor revealed all to a priest in the Sixties , adding poignantly that Hitler 's first question to him was : ' Will I be able to have children ? '
The priest dutifully wrote down the sensational revelation and now the vital document on which he recorded it has come to light .
Much as we would all love the story to be true , sadly it is merely the latest in a very long line of unfounded rumours about the most evil tyrant of the 20th century .
It is perhaps inevitable that someone who caused as much misery as he did should be surrounded by such a welter of unsubstantiated gossip , half - truths , innuendos , weird theories and pure lies , as we search for explanations about what drove this extraordinary , complicated , ultimately satanic individual .
The allegation that Hitler lost his testicle at the battle of the Somme has , in fact , been around for decades , and of course formed the basis of the morale - boosting ditty ' Hitler has only got one b***' , supposedly written in 1939 and sung uproariously by every schoolboy since .
Corporal Adolf Hitler ( right ) during World War I .
He suffered a groin injury during the Battle of the Somme
Yet it was no more true than the subsequent assertions that Heinrich Himmler ' has something similar ' , or that ' poor old Goebbels has no b***s at all ' .
Hitler 's conscientious physician Dr Theodor Morell , who knew every inch of the Fuhrer intimately and had the trust and affection of his patient , certainly made no mention of it , and neither do any contemporaneous or subsequent medical records .
The unsubstantiated claims of a friend of a long forgotten German army medic are frankly unconvincing as evidence , and no autopsy could be carried out on the charred remnants of the Fuhrer 's corpse .
So the claim that Hitler was monorchic ( the medical term for having one testicle ) must join the many other weird assertions that have been made about him over the 119 years since his birth in 1889 .
There were tales , for example , of the infant Hitler having his penis bitten off by a goat into whose mouth he was attempting to urinate .
And respectable modern medical journals have even published articles on the supposed potty - training techniques used by his mother .
Many different theories have been adduced for why Hitler hated the Jews , from his catching syphilis from a Jewish prostitute , via his feeling cheated because the Jewish Dr Eduard Bloch failed to save his mother from dying of breast cancer , to the Jewish professors who turned him away from the Visual Arts Academy of Vienna .
Some claim he had nothing against the Jews personally ; he just used them as a scapegoat in order to become Chancellor of Germany .
And then there is his sexuality .
Dr Lothar Machtan of Bremen University recently claimed that not only was Hitler a promiscuous homosexual before coming to power in 1933 , and a severely repressed one afterwards , but that he instituted the Night of the Long Knives massacre of July 1934 ( when he killed 150 of his own Brownshirt supporters ) to cover up this guilty secret .
Hitler : ' The most evil tyrant of the 20th century '
According to Dr Machtan , Hitler was an insatiably promiscuous and predatory homosexual , who acted out his crushes on chauffeurs , fellow soldiers , Viennese rent - boys and casual street pick - ups .
It is not only his sexual reputation that was blackened : according to a former comrade of Hitler 's from the trenches , Hans Mend , his comrades used to put boot blacking on the future Fuhrer 's penis when he was asleep in the trenches , which Dr Machtan describes as ' evidently a common occurrence ' in the German army in the Great War .
Yet although Mend , nicknamed ' the Ghost Rider ' , did , indeed , serve in Hitler 's unit , he was a blackmailing paedophile who wound up in prison for sex offences and had a series of unrelated money grievances against Hitler .
His death in Dachau has been taken as evidence that Hitler had him silenced because he knew of the Fuhrer 's supposed homosexuality .
But this is unfounded nonsense - Mend may just as easily have been incarcerated as a result of his unsavoury extra-curricular activities .
Incidentally , Hitler was also regularly accused of homosexuality by German Social Democrat and Communist newspapers before 1933 , which made innuendos about the nature of his friendship with Rudolf Hess and Albert Speer , in particular .
But these slurs can be discounted because they were made for party political reasons .
In any case , his relationship with Eva Braun seems to have been genuine and casts serious doubts on any theory that he was gay .
Gossip also concerns Hitler 's niece and flatmate , Geli Raubal , whose suicide led to many rumours about whether the two were having an incestuous affair .
On the morning of September 19 , 1931 , Raubal was found face down on the floor of their Munich apartment with a lung wound caused by Hitler 's Walther 6.35 pistol .
From these facts and very few others , a writer called Ronald Hayman has constructed an ingenious theory which named Hitler as the killer , albeit with manslaughter as the crime rather than murder .
For the conspiracists , the fact that Hitler 's policies led to the deaths of more than 50 million people worldwide is enough to convict him of Raubal 's death , but he actually had an alibi for his whereabouts that morning .
After Hitler 's death , the rumours and innuendo went into overdrive .
In January 1946 , it was reported to SMERSH , the Soviet Army 's counterintelligence agency , that Eva Braun 's marriage certificate might have been forged in order to mislead Allied Intelligence into thinking the couple had died in the Reichs Chancellery bunker , while in fact they had fled Germany .
In November 1946 , a sealed bottle with a German label was found in the sea off Denmark with a message inside saying that Hitler was on board a Spanish submarine that had left Finland bound for Fascist Spain .
There were even suggestions made at the time that Hitler did not commit suicide at all , but was shot by his devoted valet , Heinz Linge .
That was the evidence given to SMERSH by the head of Hitler 's bodyguard , SS Gruppenfuhrer Hans Rattenhuber , who was in the bunker at the time and recalled that between 3 pm and 4 pm on the day of Hitler 's death : ' Linge came in and confirmed that Hitler was dead , saying that he'd had to carry out the hardest order the Fuhrer had ever given him .
' I looked at Linge in surprise .
He explained to me that before his death , Hitler ordered him to leave the room for ten minutes , then to return , wait ten more minutes and then carry out the order .
' Having said that , Linge quickly went to Hitler 's room and returned with a Walther pistol , which he placed on the table before me .
By its special external finish , I recognised it as the Fuhrer 's personal pistol .
' Now it was clear to me what Hitler 's order had been .
Obviously , Hitler , doubting the effectiveness of the poisons after all the injections he had been given for such a long time , ordered Linge to shoot him after he had taken the poison .
Linge had shot Hitler .'
In fact , the ' hardest order ' was to destroy Hitler 's body before the Russians could use it as a trophy .
And the contemporaneous belief that a 12 - year - old son of Adolf Hitler and Eva Braun had escaped to Czechoslovakia under the name Friedrich Schulz simply added grist to the Soviet propaganda machine .
' It is supposed that [ Martin ] Bormann 's aide - de- camp Friedrich Wilhelm Paustin tried to deliver Hitler 's last will and the boy's photograph to Eva Braun 's family , ' recorded the Soviet news agency TASS about Hitler 's son in 1946 .
The sad truth is that these rumours say more about the human condition - in particular , our need to find over - arching , mono - causal explanations for the unexplainable evil of men such as Adolf Hitler - than it says about the banal yet monstrous subject himself .
Of one thing we can be certain , however .
Whatever the truth about Hitler 's having only one b*** , the other is not to be found , as the song says , in the Albert Hall .
The lyrics ( sung to the tune of The Colonel Bogey March )
‘ Hitler has only got one ball ,
the other is in the Albert Hall .
His mother , the dirty b****r ,
cut it off when he was small . ’
An alternative version has the lyrics :
‘ Hitler has only got one ball ,
Goering has two but very small .
Himmler is somewhat sim'lar ,
But poor old Goebbels has no balls at all . ’
• Masters And Commanders : How Roosevelt , Churchill , Marshall And Alanbrooke Won The War In The West by Andrew Roberts is published by Penguin .
Iran 's Basij ( voluntary forces ) Commander Hojatoleslam Hossein Ta'eb said here Wednesday that Iran would enhance its navy might three times if there was a necessity , the official IRNA news agency reported .
Ta'eb said to IRNA that " Basij is duty bound to train skilled forces for the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps ( IRGC ) Navy forces to thwart the enemies ' threats in various sensitive conditions " and " The IRGC has planned to build up the navy forces three times in cooperation with the classic Navy of the Army . "
He referred to the supplementary would - be navy forces as the " Basij Navy troops , " who would be " well prepared to thwart any possible threat to the Iranian territory . "
Naval Force commander of ( IRGC ) Rear Admiral Morteza Saffari said on Monday that Iran upgraded the naval base in Asalouyeh , a Gulf port in southern Iranian Booshehr province , according to the official IRNA news agency .
The naval base of Asalouyeh would undertake the upgraded " regional " missions in the forth naval region of " Sar- allah " in " Persian Gulf " to encounter the current threats , Saffari was quoted as saying .
Iran recently started constructing new naval bases along the coast of the Sea of Oman for an " impenetrable line of defense , " according to Iran 's daily Tehran Times report released late October this year .
The new bases are supposed to extend from Bandar Abbas , a major Iranian seaport on the Strait of Hormuz , to Pasa Bandar near the Pakistan border , Iran 's Navy Commander Rear Admiral Habibollah Sayari was quoted as saying .
" The new mission of the Navy is to establish an impenetrable line of defense at the entrance to the Sea of Oman , " Sayari said , adding that the new bases would be constructed rapidly .
Late last month , Iran 's Armed Forces inaugurated a new naval base in the strategic port of Jask , east of the Strait of Hormuz in southern Iran to function as a " protective barrier in the eastern parts of the Strait of Hormuz and the Sea of Oman . "
The United States and Israel have consistently refused to rule out the possibility of military strikes against Iran over its refusal to halt its nuclear program .
The United States and its allies have accused Iran of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program .
Iran has denied the U.S. charges and insisted that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only .
Source : Xinhua
Tuesday , 09 Dec , 2008 Science
World 's timekeepers decided to prolong this year by adding one leap second to the last day of December .
Scientists found that our planet slows down , which is why timekeepers came to a conclusion to add an extra second to the atomic clock so to keep in sync with the planet 's slowing rotation .
The additional second will be added on December 31 after 6:59:59 p.m. and before 7 p.m. EST .
With 29 days in February the extra second will make the year 2008 the longest since 1992 .
The decision to prolong the time by a second was made by the international consortium of timekeepers .
Geoff Chester , spokesman for the Washington - based U.S. Naval Observatory , which is responsible for 1/3rd of the world 's atomic clocks , stated that digital technology along with international commerce depend a lot on high accuracy .
A lot of cell phones providers along with computer operating systems update their time in accordance with the atomic clock .
It is worth mentioning that for the first time leap seconds were added in 1972 .
The leap second that will be added this year is the first since December 31 , 2005 .
The year 2008 is the fourth to include a leap day together with a leap second .
Experts working at the Naval Observatory have a party at 6:59:60 p.m .
" We watch the clock and make sure nothing breaks .
It 's an early New Year 's celebration , " mentioned Geoff Chester .
Additional information on the topic can be found at the official website of the U.S. Naval Observatory : http://tycho.usno.navy.mil/leapsec.html
In LasVegas , videographer Matt Toplikar captured footage of McCain / Palin supporters as they came out from a rally featuring an appearance by Sarah Palin .
One camouflage - capped fellow captures the spirit of the event :
Obama wins , I 'm gonna move to Alaska .
...
Have n't you ever heard that the United States is gonna be taken down from within ?
What better way to get taken down from within than haveing the President of the United States be the one that 's going to do it ?
It seems they became especially aggravated when they encountered anti-McCain protesters outside .
The same Alaska - bound supporter started leading a chant in front of them :
Vote McCain , Not Hussein !
Then there 's the Pam Atlas wannabee :
This country needs to wake up !
Obama is dangerous !
This man is a tyrant to this country .
I mean , he has connections to Arabs !
His education was paid for by Arabs !
He 's an abomination .
And of course , the obligatory racist :
Do n't be afraid of me !
Be afraid of Obama !
Obama bin Laden , that 's what you should be afraid of ! ...
Yes , I am a racist .
If you consider me a racist , well [ unintelligible ] .
Those Arabs are dirtbags .
They 're dirty people , they hate Americans , they hate my kids , they hate my grandkids .
And people like him [ points to another supporter ] , more power to them .
McCain and Palin have somewhat ratcheted back their rhetoric , but the fuse has been lit .
VoIP Software Helps Make Small Businesses Competitive
Once upon a time VoIP was just a way for the extremely computer savvy to save a few bucks by making computer to computer " phone calls " to a limited circle of friends who were running the same software and had a microphone and a set of speakers or a headphone .
Fast forward to modern times where VoIP provides economical phone solutions for consumers from all walks of life and can provide a competitive edge for businesses , especially small businesses .
Today 's VoIP allows the use of real phones and users can call any phone number in the world using a service such as Skype for a very small fee .
Add to that the voice technology software for things like autodialers and auto appointment reminders and a small business can really start to get competitive with the big boys .
They always used to say that the rich get richer while the poor get poorer and that has never been truer than in business today .
The other old saying that helps to explain this phenomenon says that time is money .
Traditionally big businesses with big budgets were the only ones who could afford the time and money saving solutions like autodialers and appointment reminders while small businesses were forced to use their already limited manpower resources making endless phone calls , with much of that time spent listening to the phone ringing or busy signals .
There is a wide array of VoIP software solutions offered these days that make time - saving and money making phone solutions accessible for everyone and give small businesses a chance .
First impressions are difficult to change , especially for a small business .
Using the same tools that the big companies do adds a certain level of credibility to a business that may otherwise be elusive .
When marketing products and / or services via the telephone the customer is going to judge the company 's entire image based on how the phone call is executed as it is their only point of reference .
VoIP technology has made a great deal of progress in the last ten years and currently provides a practical alternative to the pricey services offered by the phone company .
In today 's economy small efforts to save time and money can be the difference between success and failure , especially for the small business .
VoIP software solutions can provide that competitive edge to keep small businesses profitable .
A company such as Voicent can provide software solutions such as autodialers , auto appointment reminders , text to voice and broadcast email solutions to give small businesses that competitive edge they are seeking .
Couple those types of software solutions with an affordable VoIP service provider such as Skype and even the smallest business can project a successful image that will add to their bottom line even during the most trying economic times .
A successful image , higher productivity and financial savings are all benefits of using VoIP software and services over those offered by traditional phone companies and Voicent and Skype are top notch choices available in today 's market .
About the Author
Ray Subs works with Voicent as a public relations consultant , more information about Voicent can be found at http://www.Voicent.com.
Voip Business Solutions Presents : by Ray SubsVoip Business Solutions
Nkunda , who defected from Congo 's army in 2004 , claims the Congolese government has not protected ethnic Tutsis from the Rwandan Hutu militia that escaped to Congo after the genocide .
Critics say Nkunda has exaggerated the threat against Tutsis and is a puppet of neighbouring Rwanda
Credit : GETTY
December 13 - December 19 , 2008 Edition
The Rails team has n’t been hibernating this week : 50 commits hit the edge branch , from a variety of developers .
Here ’s my pick of the most interesting and significant new core code for the week .
Rails Metal
If you ’ve been keeping in touch with Rails at all , you ’ve heard about Metal this week : superfast endpoints inside of your Rails applications that bypass routing and Action Controller to give you raw speed ( at the cost of all the things in Action Controller , of course ) .
This builds on all of the recent foundation work to make Rails a Rack application with an exposed middleware stack .
Rather than explain Metal in more detail , here are places you can read more about it :
Rack - based Session Stores
A big change pushed the underpinnings of Action Controller session storage down to the Rack level .
This involved a good deal of work in the code , though it should be completely transparent to your Rails applications ( as a bonus , some icky patches around the old CGI session handler got removed ) .
It ’s still significant , though , for one simple reason : non-Rails Rack applications have access to the same session storage handlers ( and therefore the same session ) as your Rails applications .
In addition , sessions are now lazy - loaded ( in line with the loading improvements to the rest of the framework ) .
commit
A related change provides persistent session identifiers for cookie sessions , with API compatibility with the server - side stores .
commit
MIME Type Handling
There are a couple of changes to the code for handling MIME types in Rails .
First , MIME :: Type now implements the =~ operator , making things much cleaner when you need to check for the presence of a type that has synonyms :
if content_type && Mime : : JS =~ content_type # do something cool end Mime : : JS =~ " text / javascript " => true Mime :: JS =~ " application / javascript " => true
The other change is that the framework now uses the Mime : : JS when checking for javascript in various spots , making it handle those alternatives cleanly .
commit commit
Active Record Cleanup
Even though Active Record has been a core part of Rails basically forever , people are still eking out performance and usability gains here and there .
This week saw commits to stop generating some useless queries when working with belongs_to associations ( commit ) , give better error messages on failed find_by_foo !
calls ( commit ) , fix some association preloading issues ( commit and commit ) , and improve performance with the MySQL adapter ( commit ) .
Odds and Ends
Remember the cleanup for noise in the log files that edge got a couple of weeks ago ?
Building on that , we ’ve now got prettier printing for output from any Gem in the backtrace .
commit
If you ’re on edge , Rails now enforces the requirement for Mocha 0.9.3 or higher , so that you can run the tests .
commit
ETag handling has been cleaned up a bit : Rails will now skip sending an ETag header when there ’s no body to the response or when sending files with send_file .
commit
If you want to track down who worked on Rails in the past , it ’s gotten easier thanks to a huge data collection and patching effort by Xavier Noria : he went through all of the changelogs and normalized author names , so we do n’t have the confusing mash of names , handles , and email addresses in there any more .
commit
Strong Opinions On A Second Economic Stimulus Package
What are your thoughts or opinions on a second stimulus check ?
Is this second economic stimulus package a good idea ?
SVB : We ’re all set to go to the voting booths today , so I thought it would be apropos to invite our contributing writer , Jacques Sprenger ( who enjoys politics and who brought us our spirited Obama vs McCain discussion ) , to reflect on a few more matters in our financial horizon .
“ Such tradeoffs inevitably involve value judgments that can properly be made only by our elected officials . ”
~ Bernanke
Tradeoffs , also known as “ I gain , you lose , ” will be evaluated by our elected representatives , said Bernanke to our magnificent senators and representatives when talking about a possible second economic stimulus .
He ’s referring to the very same people who got us in this mess to begin with .
Would you trust their judgment ?
I hope not .
A second stimulus will only deepen the tremendous deficit of our national treasury , as if we could afford another handout .
Photo from the NY Times .
La Divina Commedia ( Dante )
“ Should the Congress choose to undertake fiscal action , certain design principles may be helpful .
To best achieve its goals , any fiscal package should be structured so that its peak effects on aggregate spending and economic activity are felt when they are most needed , namely , during the period in which economic activity would otherwise be expected to be weak . ”
~ Bernanke speaking to Congress
This masterpiece of gobbledigook , the secret language of turkeys heard just before Thanksgiving , can be translated into a much simpler message : “ Give the money ( economic stimulus ) when and where it ’s needed . ”
No kidding !
Mr. Federal Reserve himself is showing his remarkable talents at speaking a lot without saying anything we do n’t already know .
A graduate of Harvard and MIT , Mr. Bernanke is proving to all of us that these universities produce a lot of smooth talkers who know absolutely nothing about the real world .
Your Economic Stimulus Check ’s Disappearing Act
We do n’t need a new stimulus check ( my first package disappeared the next day and was never seen again ) .
What we need are jobs — good jobs — and lines of credit for small businesses which employ more than 80 % of the labor force in the U.S .
We need to get rid of incompetent politicians , incompetent bureaucrats ( starting with Bernanke ) , and entrenched CEO ’s who willfully invested other people ’s money in risky ventures .
A Stimulus Check , For Ten Thousand Dollars ?
Dear sirs , what about a consumer “ bailout ” package ?
Even though our once mighty dollar has recovered some of its losses to the euro , the reckless printing of more money to finance all these “ rescue ” packages can only hurt us in the long run .
But let ’s play devil ’s advocate for a minute and see the other side of the argument : just a thought — but if the government is intending to give money away to people , they should instead have considered it BEFORE approving the bailout of $ 700 billion to failing corporations .
We could have given every family in the US ten thousand dollars , and with that larger amount , we could have seen how fast the economy recovered its strength ( though you may disagree , as clearly , there are many households that may have trouble dealing with this kind of money responsibly ) .
In an ideal world , that money would have ended up in banks ( solving the credit crunch ) , in the mall ( solving the spending crisis ) , and in paying credit cards ( solving the tremendous personal debt ) .
Main Street vs. Cul-de- Sac
Do you suppose that this way , Main Street could recover much more quickly , while Wall Street awaits the ‘ trickle up ’ effect so dear to John McCain ?
The $ 50 billion proposed by some democrats in Congress just before the election sounds a little too much like a bribe for the electorate .
Giving each family a modest $ 1,200 wo n’t solve our middle class problems .
It will be limited to the stimulation of spending , which is what we did with abandon for the last 18 years without thinking of the consequences .
I ’d vote against the idea simply because it comes from Washington .
Hopefully our incumbent politicos will be replaced by citizens with a little more integrity and intelligence .
Copyright © 2008 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
Today , the Israeli occupation army committed a new massacre in Gaza , causing the death and injury of hundreds of Palestinian civilians , including a yet unknown number of school children who were headed home from school when the first Israeli military strikes started .
This latest bloodbath , although far more ruthless than all its predecessors , is not Israel ’s first .
It culminates months of an Israeli siege of Gaza that should be widely condemned and prosecuted as an act of genocide against the 1.5 million Palestinians in the occupied coastal strip .
Israel seems intent to mark the end of its 60th year of existence the same way it has established itself — perpetrating massacres against the Palestinian people .
In 1948 , the majority of the indigenous Palestinian people were ethnically cleansed from their homes and land , partly through massacres like Deir Yassin ; today , the Palestinians in Gaza , most of whom are refugees , do not even have the choice to seek refuge elsewhere .
Incarcerated behind ghetto walls and brought to the brink of starvation by the siege , they are easy targets for Israel ’s indiscriminate bombing .
Prof. Richard Falk , the UN Special Rapporteur for Human Rights in the Occupied Palestinian Territory and international law expert at Princeton University , described Israel ’s siege of Gaza last year , when it was still not comparable in its severity to the current situation , as follows :
“ Is it an irresponsible overstatement to associate the treatment of Palestinians with this criminalized Nazi record of collective atrocity ?
I think not .
The recent developments in Gaza are especially disturbing because they express so vividly a deliberate intention on the part of Israel and its allies to subject an entire human community to life - endangering conditions of utmost cruelty .
The suggestion that this pattern of conduct is a holocaust - in - the - making represents a rather desperate appeal to the governments of the world and to international public opinion to act urgently to prevent these current genocidal tendencies from culminating in a collective tragedy . ”
The most brutal episode of this “ collective tragedy ” is what we have seen today .
Israel ’s war crimes and other grave violations of international law in Gaza as well as in the rest of the occupied Palestinian territory , including Jerusalem , could not have been perpetrated without the direct or indirect complicity of world governments , particularly the United States , the European Union , Egypt , and other Arab regimes .
While the US government has consistently sponsored , bankrolled and protected from international censure Israel ’s apartheid and colonial policies against the indigenous people of Palestine , the EU was able in the past to advocate a semblance of respect for international law and universal human rights .
That distinction effectively ended on 9 December , when the EU Council decided unanimously to reward Israel ’s criminal disregard of international law by upgrading the EU - Israel Association Agreement .
Israel clearly understood from this decision that the EU condones its actions against the Palestinians under its occupation .
Palestinian civil society also got the message : the EU governments have become no less complicit in Israel ’s war crimes than their US counterpart .
The large majority of world governments , particularly in the global south , share part of the blame , as well .
By continuing business as usual with Israel , in trade agreements , arms deals , academic and cultural ties , diplomatic openings , they have provided the necessary background for the complicity of world powers and , consequentially , for Israel ’s impunity .
Furthermore , their inaction within the United Nations is inexcusable .
Father Miguel D’Escoto Brockman , President of the UN General Assembly prescribed in a recent address before the Assembly the only moral way forward for the world ’s nations in dealing with Israel :
“ More than 20 years ago we in the United Nations took the lead from civil society when we agreed that sanctions were required to provide a nonviolent means of pressuring South Africa to end its violations .
Today , perhaps we in the United Nations should consider following the lead of a new generation of civil society , who are calling for a similar nonviolent campaign of boycott , divestment and sanctions to pressure Israel to end its violations . ”
Now , more than ever , the Palestinian Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions National Committee , BNC , calls upon international civil society not just to protest and condemn in diverse forms Israel ’s massacre in Gaza , but also to join and intensify the international Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ( BDS ) campaign against Israel to end its impunity and to hold it accountable for its persistent violation of international law and Palestinian rights .
Without sustained , effective pressure by people of conscience the world over , Israel will continue with its gradual , rolling acts of genocide against the Palestinians , burying any prospects for a just peace under the blood and rubble of Gaza , Nablus and Jerusalem .
The Palestinian BDS National Committee ( BNC ) includes : Council of National and Islamic Forces in Palestine ; General Union of Palestinian Workers ; Palestinian General Federation of Trade Unions ; Palestinian Non-Governmental Organizations ’ Network ( PNGO ) ; Federation of Independent Trade Unions ; Union of Palestinian Charitable Organizations ; Global Palestine Right of Return Coalition ; Occupied Palestine and Golan Heights Advocacy Initiative ( OPGAI ) ; General Union of Palestinian Women ; Palestinian Farmers Union ( PFU ) ; Grassroots Palestinian Anti-Apartheid Wall Campaign ( STW ) ; Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel ( PACBI ) ; National Committee to Commemorate the Nakba ; Civic Coalition for the Defense of Palestinian Rights in Jerusalem ( CCDPRJ ) ; Coalition for Jerusalem ; and Palestinian Economic Monitor .
Related Links
Is it libelous to falsely report that someone is not circumcised ?
That question is at the heart of an unusual lawsuit filed in United States District Court in Brooklyn recently against Centropa , the Central Europe Center for Research and Documentation , an oral - history project , based in Vienna and Budapest , that focuses on Jewish life and culture in the 20th and 21st centuries .
In the lawsuit , John F. Singer , 49 , of Queens , claims that Centropa published an online interview in 2005 that quoted his mother saying that neither of her sons had been circumcised as infants .
Mr. Singer asserts that he told the center ’s director , Edward Serotta , that he was , in fact , circumcised as an infant , and that Mr. Serotta approved the publication of the article containing the incorrect claim anyway .
Mr. Singer said the article was “ recklessly and / or intentionally republished ” on Centropa ’s Web site this year , when the site was redesigned , and that the claim about his not being circumcised remained online until October , when officials at the center finally deleted that part of the interview with Mr. Singer ’s mother .
The article , which City Room could not find online , was apparently focused on her experiences in Europe , not on her children .
Mr. Singer told The Daily News , which reported on the lawsuit on Monday , that his mother denies telling Centropa that her sons were not circumcised .
“ As a Jewish male , it is in direct contradiction to Jewish law to be uncircumcised , ” the lawsuit noted .
Dated Nov. 19 , it accuses Centropa of “ abhorrent , despicable and wrongful actions ” that caused Mr. Singer “ severe embarrassment , mental anguish and extreme emotional distress . ”
The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages for emotional distress , as well as an injunction barring Centropa from publishing the claim again .
In an e-mail message to The Times , Mr. Serotta , who is based in Vienna , said he could not comment until he had first consulted with a lawyer .
“ Since this has come as a surprise and I only found out about this during the weekend , I am currently looking to hire an attorney in New York , ” he wrote .
Mr. Serotta , who was born in Savannah , Ga. , is an American author , photographer and filmmaker who has lived in Central Europe since 1988 .
While producing a documentary for ABC ’s “ Nightline ” in 1999 , he lamented the loss of Jewish cultural and culinary heritage in Central and Eastern Europe .
That led to the founding of Centropa , which has 90 full - and part - time staff members , more than a dozen trained interviewers and financing from numerous governmental and philanthropic bodies .
Experts on defamation and libel law said a judge evaluating the case would very likely consider several factors .
A basic threshold issue in a defamation case is whether the statement was of a kind that would be damaging to someone ’s reputation .
Saying that someone was not circumcised is not inherently damaging — unlike , for example , claiming that someone is a child molester — but Mr. Singer could argue that it was damaging to his reputation as a member of a Jewish community that regards circumcision to be a commandment .
A judge might nonetheless ask Mr. Singer to demonstrate that he was actually harmed by the claim and suffered some kind of material damage .
Historically , New York has been more reluctant than other states to allow for protection of individual privacy by civil lawsuits ; “ public disclosure of personal information ” is not something the state has generally recognized as a ground for damages .
Although the topic of circumcision is intensely private , a judge might find that the broad subject of Centropa ’s interviews — Jewish life in Europe — is of broad public concern , which might make it harder for Mr. Singer to succeed .
In New York , to prevail in a libel suit against a media defendant , a private person typically must demonstrate that the defendant acted with “ gross irresponsibility ” if the content of the article in dispute was of legitimate public concern .
Complicating the suit are the facts that the defendant is not based in New York and that the suit involved a mother ’s claim regarding her son , even if that claim was later retracted .
Mr. Singer said in a statement provided by his lawyer , Michael J. Borrelli of Carle Place , N.Y. :
Centropa.org and its editorial staff have violated my right to privacy of the most private part of my anatomy .
They have caused me tremendous emotional pain and suffering .
I feel humiliated and betrayed .
I was assured by Centropa ’s director ( Edward Serrota ) that this material regarding my genitalia would never be published .
Despite that assurance , they published it anyway .
A copy of Mr. Singer ’s lawsuit [ pdf ] may be read in the player below .
Natalie Cole : Heroin or Dirty Tattoo Needles
Last February , while having some routine blood tests done for insurance purposes , singerwas told that she has contracted Hepatitis C. Shocking as it may have been , she was told she could have had this disease for the last 25 years .
While hepatitis C can remain dormant for many years before causing illness , which is likely the case for Natalie , the singer is n't sure if the use of heroin in her past or a dirty tattoo needle was the culprit .
This seems to be reason enough for all people getting tattoos to watch the artist open up a sterile needle pack and for all heroin users to quit .
Ha !
Seems fairly straightforward .
Hepatitis C can take many years to cause symptoms so if you think you may have been exposed , the singer recommends that you get yourself checked out .
8/24/2008 | 5:23 AM
| Evolved Rationalist
Although some of you are probably already bored of the whole Mary the Scilon saga , it is not every day that such a willing lolcow offers herself to be milked to the very last drop of lulz .
The lulzy adventures of Mary can only be found here - so , grab some popcorn and enjoy the show .
Keeping in line with her epic tradition of blatantly asking for it , Mary has sent me yet another e-mail ( omgdox ) whining about how I am the one harassing her .
She is actually making that claim after the libel , harassment , false reports , and all the other shit that she has done in her effort to ruin my life through the Scilon ' fair game ' policy .
The irony !
Those of you who want to send her a can of Raid insecticide some love can do so at [ email protected ] .
Be nice .
Now for the e-mail itself :
First of all let me tell you that if you mention this e-mail on your blog you will be arrested !
I give you no permission to publish my e-mail or my e-mail address under any circumstance because I know you will send your Anonymous hacking hordes after me .
my
I am going to track you down , you criminal !
In an ideal world , hackers would be locked up like the criminals they are .
It is no secret that you support hackers !
I 'm sure you loved it when the Scientology sites were attacked by Anonymous earlier this year .
You would have found it hilarious .
moralfags / protestfags
do
I noticed that you had a link to the documents on your site and you outrageously called them Scilon LOL DOX !
How could you be such a criminal by doing something like that ?
If you do n't remove those links I will make sure you are arrested and sued !
this
Those documents were not given to the public by us Scientologists , but were obtained by the Anonymous hackers .
You have been looking the other way when hackers come after me , and you have sent people to hack me .
Now I need another e-mail account and I had to go through so much trouble to change my Paypal as well to this new e-mail .
You were the one who hacked Creationist 's blog , and everyone knows it !
LOLsuit
You know there are hackers on your site and you know there are criminal supporters because you see their IPs do n't you , liar ?
Wait , what ?!
Does Mary actually think that I can look into someone 's thoughts by looking at their IP address ?
Does she think that this is Hollyfuckingwood ?
What on earth was she thinking , and where does she get those paranoid ideas from anyway ?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!
Epic lulz .
You mentioned that you like 711 chan a lot , and I went there and I noticed that they had a board specially for hackers , and it has the criminal / i/ board .
I 'm sure you find that board WONDERFUL , and it speaks a lot about the sort of person you are !
You said that you are a moderator at a Chan , what board do you moderate ?
I assumed that you would shut up about me when I called the FBI , but no , you still think harrassing me is funny and you still think that me being hacked is funny !
You are going to be arrested soon !
Good riddance !
I
am the one harassing you
Disclaimer : I do not condone / support / encourage any illegal activity .
Take the above post with a grain of salt ( and lulz ) .
Especially the lulz .
OH RLY ?!
The amount of FAIL in that one sentence alone ....* shudder * One - sided rants about not publishing e-mails are not valid in a court of law , Mary .
A legally binding agreement involves two parties , and we had never made a prior agreement of any sort regarding your unsolicited e-mails .
Furthermore , if you had read my e-mail policy , you would have known that your statement is based on a crock of bullshit .
What is this shit about ' Anonymous hacking hordes ' , Mary ?
Not only is Anonymous not a hacker group , Anonymous is also not my personal army .
You are still failing at the internet despite us trying so hard to knock some sense into your brainwashed Scilon head .
If you are so worried about me sending ( wow , lulz ) ' Anonymous hacking hordes ' after you , why are you still e-mailing me and trolling my site ?
Do you really have shit for brains ?
Remember , the Anonymous hacking hordes of hackers on steroids are doing it for the LULZ ( which is a corruption of LOL ) on their underground hacker sites and secret websites where truly epic lulz comes from raids and invasions , branded on the Anonymous websites with an /i/.
Good luck , I 'm behind seven proxies
In an ideal world , information would be free and there would never be the need to use the words ' hackers ' and ' criminals ' in the same sentence .
No shit , Sherlock .
I did find it hilarious .
The whole world was laughing at you Scilons who claimed to have superpowers and yet could n't protect your own sites from a little DDoS , a little DDoS , a little .... I am not one of thosefolks at Enturbulation , Mary .
I have my own opinions on a lot of things , including those that are not considered politically correct .
I actuallyfind the DDoS attacks pretty lulzy .
A side note for the ' humanists ' who would BAWWWWWWWWW at right about this point :
What the early tactics of Anonymous did is that by bringing down the Scilon sites , it sent a powerful message that the Scilons were not invincible , and that their attempts to curtail free speech by attempting to remove the Tom Cruise video from the internet was an affront to those who actually appreciate the value of freedom of thought and speech .
People have been holding rallies against Scientology for decades , but even the newfags ( the so - called ' New Anonymous ' ) would have to concede that it was the DDoS attacks and not the IRL protests that initially started the new wave of criticism against the Scilons .
The first IRL protest was pretty lulzy and I did think it was a win , but what did the monthly protests after that achieve , exactly ?
Numbers have been decreasing and the media is n't particularly interested in people doing the same thing month after month .
Project Chanology has become a failure , drowning in a pool of ' moralfaggotry ' , ' namefaggotry ' and ' leaderfaggotry ' ; and as much as I hate to say this and probably cause a flame war , ' New Anonymous ' is an epic failure .
However , I admit that this is an oversimplification and that this issue merits a post of its own , so look out for that .
Mary , Mary , Mary .
How could you possibly fail at the internetbadly ?
The documents are not hosted on my site , and linking to another site is not illegal .
Many other sites link to so - called ' secret ' Scilon documents as well .
What are you going to do , sue thousands of people ?
Do n't forget that you are never going to get those documents off the internet - your fucktarded cult cannot defeat the collective whole of the internet .
Information should be free and it will be free .
You can go fuck yourself now .
Click here for the ' Scilon LOL DOX ' , I 'm sure Mary appreciates it .
While you are at it , do also check out the ' classified lectures ' on Xenu .
The next time a Scilon says that the Xenu story is not a part of their beliefs , they are either lying , ignorant ( SPOILER ALERT : Xenu appears in OTIII ) , or brainwashed .
Those hackers are pretty awesome , are n't they ?
Why do n't you attempt to back up your libelous claims with some evidence , you lying Scilon ?
Why would you be telling anyone about your Paypal situation ?
Idiot . [ Citation needed ] [ Evidence needed ] [ Libellawsuit needed ]
Disregard that .
It has been established that the Anonymous hacking hordes made up of of hackers on steroids can indeed do the above by simply downloading the garbage file .
Serious business , folks .
You are right .
I find that board WONDERFUL indeed .* snicker * What if I said that I moderate / i/ for the lulz ?
Meh .
I 'm not telling you which Chan(s ) or which board ( s ) I moderate .
It may be one of those evil /i/ boards , it could be the food ( / nom / ) board since I am a girl who needs to go back to the kitchen at once , it could be the ' We hate Scilons ' board , it could be /b/...Y SO CURIOUS ?
Lying for Xenu again , Mary ?
You were stupid enough to get phished and started whining about hackers just to hide your shame .
BAWWWWWWWing about hackers does n't work around here because I simply do n't give a shit .
Hackers are awesome , kids .
Mary , how dare you claim that ?
You truly have no shame .
Any fucktard who looks around would clearly see that you were the one who barged into here uninvited , proceeded to make libelous claims about me , started stalking me , and , yes , harassing me .
They do n't have to take my word for it - they can look it up for themselves and see what a crazy stalking asshole you actually are .
The most lulzy thing about Mary 's little rant is that it sounds awfully similar to what Alex Wuori told Kirtaner ( 420 chan founder ) sometime last year .
Impending fail is impending , Mary .
Just saying ... If you enjoyed this post Subscribe to our feed
[ social_buttons ]
Ever since Sarah Palin was selected to be John McCain ’s vice - presidential runningmate she was on the receiving end of a rather public vetting that opened up some serious cracks that a more thorough private vetting certainly would have detected .
I hate to pile on , but the latest revelation is so amazing to me , I could n’t leave it alone .
On the O’Reilly Factor , Fox News ’ Carl Cameron reported that a McCain - Palin rift was due in no small part to Gov. Palin ’s lack of knowledge of basic civics , politics , and geography – and her unwillingness to prepare in light of those those deficiencies .
Reportedly , McCain aides said Sarah Palin had :
“ Major gaps in her knowledge … real problems with basic civics , government structures , municipal , state , and federal government responsibilities .
She did n’t know the nations involved in the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) …
She was n’t actually able to name all of the countries in North America … and she did n’t understand , McCain aides told me today , that Africa was a continent and not a country . ”
And what is perhaps just as astounding is that Bill O’Reilly basically replies to Cameron , “ but you can get tutored in that stuff … ” , as if preparing to be the vice president is like cramming for midterms .
Watch it :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/d4CKCYD5Vuw&hl=en&fs=1]
The fact that this story became public via Fox News so quickly after the election should raise a few red flags .
Is Palin just being thrown under the bus for the good of the Party ?
Or is she really as clueless as this report suggests ?
Slow Motion Cow Licking
Posted by Pete Berg on Sunday , December 28th , 2008 at 12:54 pm
Stare a licking cow in the face at 300 frames per second .
St. Paul
Well , I just got mugged by the nature of modern media , and I wish it were n't my fault , but it is .
Readers deserve an explanation , so I 'm putting a new top on today 's column and , with the forbearance of the Journal , here it is .
Wednesday afternoon , in a live MSNBC television panel hosted by NBC 's political analyst Chuck Todd , and along ...
Nancy Grace Producers give the latest news in major stories and cases , including murdered tot Caylee Anthony .
Check back for frequent updates .
Friday , August 21 , 2009
1:04 PM ET - Michael Jackson 's burial is still a go , but it looks like the private service has been pushed back .
A Jackson family spokesperson confirms the late King of Pop will now be laid to rest on September 3 .
The evening service will still take place at the same location in Glendale , California , Holly Terrace in The Great Mausoleum at Glendale Forest Lawn Memorial Park .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , August 20 , 2009
8:13 PM ET - Gruesome details emerging from Buena Park police in the brutal death of 28 year old Jasmine Fiore .
Not only was Fiore stuffed in a suitcase and thrown away in a dumpster , but we learn Fiore 's teeth and fingers were removed .
Authorities believe the murder suspect , Ryan Jenkins , is armed with a handgun , still on the run , most likely in Canada .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
7:24 PM ET - Moments ago Buena Park , California police announced that as of this afternoon an arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Jenkins in the murder of 28 year old swimsuit model Jasmine Fiore .
Jenkins is officially a fugitive .
Although Jenkins ' black BMW has been located in Washington State , Fiore 's white Mercedes is still missing .
Authorities do believe Jenkins has crossed the border into Canada and they are now working with Canadian Royal Police to apprehend Jenkins .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
6:23 PM ET - Major developments right now !
The Orange County DA 's office confirms they will file murder charges against reality TV star Ryan Jenkins in the brutal death of swimsuit model Jasmine Fiore .
A news conference is set to take place any moment , standby for more details .
We will also bring you all the latest developments on the show at 8 pm EST for the full hour tonight .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3 PM ET -
We are still waiting for word on what investigators from LA County Coroner 's office were looking for or seized at the Beverly Hills office of Michael Jackson 's longtime dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein .
After a 90 minute search at the clinic chief investigator Ed Winter confirms the coroner 's office wanted additional information and say " they provided it " .
This is not their first visit to Dr. Klein 's office .
Investigators from the coroner 's office were also there on July 14 .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3 PM ET - Is a reality TV star wanted for questioning in the murder of swimsuit model 28 year old Jasmine Fiore on the run ?
LA cops have been unable to get in touch with Ryan Jenkins since Jenkins reported her missing and cops discovered the gorgeous model dead inside a suitcase dumped inside a Buena Park apartment complex dumpster .
The last reported sightings of Jenkins were in San Diego alongside Fiore , before her death and within the last 48 hours near a Washington state marina .
Jenkins ' car and empty boat trailer discovered at that marina alongside the US - Canadian border .
The Buena Park police are set to hold a news conference shortly .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:41 PM ET - Investigators confirm a reality TV star they want to question in connection with the murder of swimsuit beauty Jasmine Fiore may be heading for the border .
A car and empty boat trailer belonging to Ryan Jenkins was discovered at a marina in Washington State , a few miles from the Canadian border .
Authorities say Jenkins most likely walked across the border to British Columbia .
LAPD wants to question Jenkins as a person of interest in Fiore 's death because he was one of the last people to see her , reported her missing hours before the model 's body was found , then took off .
Jenkins has a criminal domestic violence record and was best known for his appearance on VH1's " Megan Wants a Millionaire " .
In light of the investigation , VH1 has shut down airing any more new episodes .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , August 19 , 2009
7:28 PM ET - Preliminary reports are the swimsuit model found dead in a suitcase inside a Buena Park , California dumpster was strangled .
Jasmine Fiore had signs of physical trauma when her body was discovered Saturday morning .
The shocking discovery came just hours after her husband , reality TV star , Ryan Jenkins reported Fiore missing .
The pair was last spotted in San Diego at a poker game Friday night .
And the skeletons are already flying out of the closet for Jenkins .
We 've just received a criminal report stemming from a 2005 assault case in Calgary , Alberta involving Jenkins and a woman who was not Jasmine Fiore .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
5:36 PM ET - A reality TV star is making headlines at this hour for something other than appearing on the airwaves on VH1's " Megan Wants a Millionaire . "
Police want to question 32 year old Ryan Jenkins in connection with the brutal death of a young , gorgeous swimsuit model .
28 year old Jasmine Fiore vanished after a poker tournament in San Diego .
Fiore was allegedly there with Jenkins and reports are the two were husband and wife , secretly married in Las Vegas .
Police confirm Jenkins was the one who reported Fiore missing Saturday night , just hours after her body was discovered in a bloody suitcase , thrown away like trash at a Buena Park apartment complex dumpster ... but then Jenkins went missing .
There are two vehicles of interest in the search for Jenkins ... Fiore 's white 2007 Mercedes CL S550 and Jenkins ' black BMW X5 .
Police say Jenkins could be behind the wheel of either car .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
5:14 PM ET - After nearly a 2 hour search , investigators for the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office have just left the office of Michael Jackson 's longtime dermatologist Dr. Arnold Klein .
The LA County Coroner 's Office arrived early this afternoon to serve a subpoena on Dr. Klein .
Although it was confirmed last week that Jackson 's autopsy report was complete , a rep for the coroner 's office now says they are acting on new information gathered since the report was finalized .
A lawyer for Klein says he does not believe the doctor will face criminal charges .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:29 PM ET - Since being the target of a federal investigation into Michael Jackson 's sudden death , Jackson 's private doctor finally breaks his silence .
But are authorities coming close to filing charges against Dr. Conrad Murray ?
In an online video , Murray clearly states he 's told investigators the truth about Jackson 's death in June .
Murray also wanted his supporters to know he 's received their many messages , but has been too busy to return them .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , August 18 , 2009
3 PM ET -
The private doctor with Michael Jackson the day of the superstar 's death and a target of the federal investigation breaks his silence !
Dr. Conrad Murray has posted an online message thanking his supporters .
During the minute long web address , Dr. Murray says " I told the truth and I have faith truth will prevail " .
The video will be available on CNN 's website shortly .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:40 PM ET - Will Michael Jackson 's family sue for wrongful death ?
After members of the Jackson family say they believe the late music superstar was murdered , a family attorney confirms they are considering a lawsuit against concert promoter AEG .
The Jackson family attorney says the promotion company was very involved in the music icon's final days and hired Dr. Conrad Murray , the doctor sources tell CNN gave the singer the powerful anesthetic propofol within 24 hours of Jackson 's death .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
12:31 PM ET - King of Pop Michael Jackson will finally be laid to rest .
A spokesperson for the Jackson family confirms the late music superstar will be buried in Glendale , California during a private ceremony at Holly Terrace in The Great Mausoleum at Glendale Forest Lawn Memorial Park .
The service will take place on Aug. 29 , 10 am PST , on what would have been Jackson 's 51st birthday .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , August 17 , 2009
1:06 PM ET - Another hearing is underway in a Los Angeles courtroom concerning Michael Jackson 's music empire .
The judge is set to decide on whether to approve contracts between Jackson 's estate and AEG , the promoter of what was to be Jackson 's final concert .
Katherine Jackson is objecting to parts of the deal giving AEG a share of the rights to the final rehearsal video .
Also in court today for the first time is the lawyer appointed to represent Jackson 's 3 children .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , August 14 , 2009
6:33 PM ET - Both sides will be back in court Monday in the battle over control of Michael Jackson 's estate .
A probate hearing is set for 2 pm , August 17 . ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
4:27 PM ET -
The shiny glove Michael Jackson wore the first time he did the Moonwalk on TV for the Motown 25 special , will go on auction this fall .
The November bidding war for Jackson 's famous glove set to bring in as much as $ 60,000 .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3:42 PM ET -
On the heels of reports that Michael Jackson 's private doctor may have left the music star unattended under the influence of propofol when he died , Dr. Conrad Murray 's lawyer says Jackson had " some very unusual problems " unknown to Murray when he signed on for the job .
A vigorous defense by Murray 's lawyer , who says Murray did not know if Jackson was an addict , did not conduct drug tests and had to take Jackson 's word concerning other drugs the music icon might have been taking .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , August 13 , 2009
3:54 PM ET -
Is propofol the focus of the investigation into Michael Jackson 's death ?
Sources confirm Jackson 's private doctor gave the music icon the powerful anesthetic within 24 hours of Jackson 's sudden death .
And we learn Dr. Conrad Murray legally obtained propofol at a Las Vegas pharmacy the feds and Vegas police raided within the last 72 hours .
Although the release of the final autopsy results is on hold pending further investigation , will propofol end up in that report ?
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , August 12 , 2009
11:58 AM ET - Another search by feds and Vegas police in the death of music icon Michael Jackson .
This time at a Las Vegas pharmacy believed to be connected to Jackson 's private doctor .
A source says Dr. Conrad Murray obtained powerful anesthetic propofol at the Vegas pharmacy .
Are police closing in on Michael Jackson 's private doctor ?
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , August 11 , 2009
3:47 PM ET - Just one day after law enforcement asks the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office to hold off on releasing their report on Michael Jackson 's death , the feds raid a Las Vegas pharmacy .
A search warrant previously executed at the Vegas clinic of Jackson 's private doctor , Dr. Conrad Murray , led investigators to this Las Vegas pharmacy and it's not far from Dr. Murray 's clinic .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3:20 PM ET - Los Angeles Judge Mitchell Beckloff appoints a Guardian ad Litem for Michael Jackson's 3 children .
Attorney Margaret Lodise of law firm Sacks , Glazier , Franklin & Lodise will represent Michael Jr. , Paris and Prince in all matters concerning the Jackson estate , etc. ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
12:57 PM ET -
The investigation intensifies surrounding the sudden death of music superstar Michael Jackson .
A source tells CNN police have executed a search warrant at a Las Vegas pharmacy .
More than a dozen officers and DEA agents were spotted inside Applied Pharmacy .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , August 10 , 2009
6:20 PM ET - A hearing regarding Michael Jackson 's music empire is just ending in a Los Angeles courtroom .
The judge says he will appoint an attorney to represent Jackson 's 3 children .
But it will be another week before the judge will sign off on contracts between concert promoter AEG and merchandiser Bravado .
The judge has already approved a contract between Jackson 's estate , AEG and Columbia Pictures concerning Jackson 's final concert rehearsal videos .
80 hours of video were captured by photographers hired by AEG and the hope is to make it into a movie to hit the big screen this fall .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
5:03 PM ET - Although the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office confirms completing a " thorough and comprehensive " report on Michael Jackson 's death , it will remain under seal ... for now .
LAPD requested the report not be released because of the ongoing investigation .
More importantly , investigators do n't want the cause and manner of death released because it may tip their hand .
Law enforcement is looking into possible charges connected to Jackson 's June 25 death .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3:41 PM ET - The Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office has completed its findings into the death of music superstar Michael Jackson .
The big question now is when those results will be released .
The coroner 's office was previously set to release autopsy results but that was put on hold pending further investigation by multiple law enforcement agencies into Jackson 's sudden death .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:54 PM ET -
After we questioned many nights on our show why Michael Jackson 's children do not have their own lawyer , an LA judge is now considering appointing them an attorney .
The judge says he will delay a ruling on potential multi-million dollar business deals for Jackson 's estate while he decides what 's in the best interest of Jackson 's 3 children .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:30 PM ET - A hearing is underway in a Los Angeles courtroom over control of Michael Jackson 's music empire .
Katherine Jackson is objecting to a series of deals made by executors of Jackson 's estate , including a planned documentary about Jackson 's last months before his sudden death .
The judge ordered both sides to have discussions while he considers Katherine Jackson 's objections .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , August 7 , 2009
1 PM ET -
As both sides gear up for the next hearing concerning Michael Jackson 's empire , an LA judge is set to approve several business agreements , including a movie deal centered around Jackson 's last concert rehearsals before his sudden death .
Attorneys for Katherine Jackson and lawyers for the executors of Michael Jackson 's estate are set to be in court Monday , Aug. 10 .
We will bring you all the developments from inside the Los Angeles courtroom .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , August 6 , 2009
3:18 PM ET - Will Michael Jackson be posthumously awarded a Nobel Peace Prize ?
A group of Jackson fans launched an online petition drive to nominate the singer for next year 's Nobel Peace Prize for his " lifelong effort to help better global conditions for children . "
Meanwhile reports emerge a deal to turn Michael Jackson 's last concert rehearsals into a movie is waiting final approval by an LA judge at an upcoming hearing on August 10 .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , August 4 , 2009
4 PM ET - At an important hearing Monday concerning Michael Jackson 's estate , Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff officially admitted Michael Jackson 's 2002 will for probate .
While Katherine Jackson and the executors of the estate have been battling over control of Jackson 's empire , both sides have not objected to the terms of the will .
The judge 's order starts a 120 day clock for the will to be probated .
The will places Michael Jackson 's assets into a trust which is believed to split his fortune between his mother , his three children and undisclosed charities .
Monday , August 3 , 2009
5:55 PM ET -
The hearing over Michael Jackson 's empire and custody of his children has ended for the day .
The judge is considering Katherine Jackson 's motion to depose the executors of Michael Jackson 's estate under oath .
Katherine Jackson 's lawyers want more information from the executors , including their previous business dealings with the late King of Pop , to determine whether they are adequate to administer the estate .
In the meantime , the executors will continue to be special administrators of the estate for another 60 days .
The next hearing is set for Monday , Aug.10 .
5 PM ET - We 've just obtained private home video of Michael Jackson and his children .
It 's an inside look at Jackson playing with his kids , singing , dancing and celebrating their birthdays .
Tune in tonight , 8 pm ET , to see the compelling , personal Michael Jackson home videos .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3 PM ET - Katherine Jackson will get copies of Michael Jackson 's contracts with the promoter of his planned concert tour .
The contracts have been a bone of contention between Katherine Jackson the executors of her son's estate .
Mrs. Jackson has agreed to keep the contract provisions confidential .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:45 PM ET - After a 1 hour and 40 minute recess , a hearing inside a Los Angeles courtroom over Michael Jackson 's estate and custody of his children is set to resume .
At issue now will be motions by Katherine Jackson over control of her last son's music empire , estimated in Jackson 's 2002 will at $ 500 million .
Katherine , LaToya , Rebbie and Randy Jackson are all inside the courtroom .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1 PM ET - Katherine Jackson gets permanent custody of Michael Jackson's 3 children .
A judge appointing grandmother Katherine the permanent guardian of 12 year old Michael Joseph Jr. and 11 year old Paris Katherine Jackson .
Both children signed consents to the agreement .
Another hearing is set for Oct. 2 to follow up on some remaining guardianship issues .
The judge also gives Katherine Jackson the full amount of allowance she requested .
Jackson 's children will receive 83.5 % of the allowance requested on their behalf .
The judge turned down money on one item ruled excessive .
The allowance amount was not disclosed and the order remains sealed .
Another hearing on the allowance matter is set for Jan 11 .
Katherine Jackson is in court today along with children Rebbie , LaToya and Randy .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Noon ET - A hearing is underway in a Los Angeles courtroom concerning Michael Jackson 's estate and a custody agreement concerning his children .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , July 31 , 2009
3:21 PM ET - Sources connected to the Michael Jackson death probe reveal Dr. Conrad Murray , Jackson 's private doctor , is the central focus of a federal investigation .
Although authorities have subpoenaed records of multiple doctors who treated Jackson , a source reveals Dr. Murray is the " only one we 're looking at " .
We also learn investigators found numerous prescription drugs in Jackson 's Holmby Hills mansion .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , July 30 , 2009
8:19 PM ET - Search warrants from Las Vegas raids connected to Michael Jackson 's private doctor reveal investigators were searching for evidence of the powerful anesthetic Propofol .
We also learn Jackson allegedly had about 19 aliases he used to get prescriptions .
The warrants also suggest investigators believe Jackson was ' an addict ' . ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
5:03 PM ET - With custody of Michael Jackson's 3 children resolved , pending a judge 's approval , the battle of Jackson 's empire heats up .
Katherine Jackson is set to square off with the executors of her late son's estate .
While her lawyer says Katherine Jackson has no desire to " re-write " her son's will , she does want to be more closely involved with business decisions concerning Michael Jackson 's estate .
As far as we know , a court hearing is still set for Monday .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:05 PM ET - Lawyers for Katherine Jackson and Debbie Rowe announce they will present their custody agreement to a Los Angeles judge , expecting approval .
Katherine Jackson will be the guardian of Michael Jackson 's 3 children .
Debbie Rowe will have visitation with Jackson 's 2 oldest children .
The amount of visitation will be determined by a psychologist both parties agree on .
The announcement confirms no money will exchange hands and reveals Rowe will continue to receive spousal support payments previously set up between her and Michael Jackson .
In a statement both parties say " Mrs. Jackson and the family are pleased this matter is resolved and was handled in a caring , thoughtful and courteous manner by the parties and their representatives .
We were all united in our goals to do what is best for Michael 's wonderful children , and both Mrs. Jackson and Debbie Rowe were on the exact same page . "
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
12:56 PM ET - Debbie Rowe and Katherine Jackson have reached an agreement concerning custody of Michael Jackson 's 3 children .
A source tells CNN Katherine Jackson will get full custody and Debbie Rowe will get visitation .
No money is involved in the deal .
An official announcement on the agreement is expected shortly .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , July 29 , 2009
5:23 PM ET - Lawyers for Michael Jackson 's mother have filed court motions seeking more critical information from the special administrators of Jackson 's estate .
According to the documents , Katherine Jackson 's lawyers want to interview the executors and comb over their records .
A statement from Katherine Jackson 's lawyer says grandmother Katherine is not trying to rewrite her son's will and is only looking out for the best interest of Michael Jackson 's 3 children and his legacy .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3:55 PM ET - According to court documents , Michael Jackson 's private doctor was in serious financial straits before he took a $ 150,000 a month job working for the music superstar .
Dr. Conrad Murray had nearly $ 435,000 in judgments and liens against him over the past 2 years .
At the time Murray had practices in Las Vegas and Houston .
His patients were surprised when he announced he was leaving to work with the music icon .
Dr. Murray has been the target of multiple searches by law enforcement .
A source reveals Murray administered the powerful anesthetic , Diprivan , that authorities believe killed Jackson .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , July 28 , 2009
3:31 PM ET - A DEA spokesman says investigators are " looking for a lot of things " during searches of the home and office of Michael Jackson 's private doctor .
Although the warrants are sealed , the DEA confirms documents and computer records are among the items they are interested in .
This makes it at least the 4th raid connected to Dr. Conrad Murray .
Are investigators closing in on Jackson 's private doctor and will criminal charges be next ?
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:32 PM ET - DEA agents , LAPD and Las Vegas police are executing search warrants at the Las Vegas home and office of Michael Jackson 's private doctor , Dr. Conrad Murray .
The raids come on the heels of sources revealing to CNN that Dr. Murray gave Jackson the powerful sedative , Diprivan , that authorities believe killed Jackson .
Murray 's lawyer just released a statement saying " It 's a waste of time responding to all these timed ' leaks ' from ' anonymous ' sources .
I feel like a horse swatting flies .
Everyone needs to take a breath and wait for these long delayed toxicology results .
I have no doubt they want to make a case -- for goodness sakes , its Michael Jackson !
But things tend to shake out when all the facts are made known , and I 'm sure that will happen here as well . "
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , July 27 , 2009
7:38 PM ET - Sources confirm to CNN the drug authorities believe Dr. Conrad Murray gave Michael Jackson , resulting in his death , was the powerful sedative Diprivan , a.k.a. Propofol .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
7 PM ET - Big development !
CNN confirms from a source inside the Michael Jackson investigation that Jackson 's private doctor , Dr. Conrad Murray , administered the powerful drug that killed Jackson .
Murray and his lawyers are not commenting on this report .
The autopsy results are set to be released this week .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
5:55 PM ET - We 've heard about potential security breaches concerning Michael Jackson 's death certificate .
Now investigators are looking into possible leaks from inside the Los Angeles County coroner 's office .
This , after in - depth details about Jackson 's body emerged in the days after his sudden death .
The sheriff is working a preliminary inquiry to determine whether there will be a full scale investigation .
Reports reveal Jackson 's death certificate was accessed hundreds of times .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
5:06 PM ET - Are biological mom Debbie Rowe and Katherine Jackson working on an agreement behind closed doors concerning Michael Jackson 's 3 children ?
According to Jackson family attorney Londell McMillan , there will be an announcement on the matter very soon .
McMillan says he is confident both sides can reach an agreement before the scheduled Aug. 3 hearing .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , July 24 , 2009
5:29 PM ET - Will one big paper trail lead to manslaughter charges in the sudden death of music superstar Michael Jackson ?
As the investigation reportedly leans more and more towards homicide , search warrants indicate reams of documents could be key in the Jackson death probe .
With e-mails , letters , and FedEx information seized by law enforcement , will this and other information in Dr. Conrad Murray 's files reveal an abuse of prescription drugs ultimately leading to Jackson 's death ?
Sources also reveal the late King of Pop used several aliases to get prescriptions .
Will any of the fake names show up in the files of several doctors authorities are reportedly investigating ?
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:36 PM ET -
The private doctor with Michael Jackson the day the music superstar died has now become the focus of a death investigation .
According to search warrants that cleared the way for the DEA , LAPD and Houston police to swarm Dr. Conrad Murray 's office and his storage unit , investigators were on the hunt for evidence of manslaughter .
The multi-law enforcement agencies zeroed in on the two Houston locations for hours and here 's just a few of the laundry list of items they seized :
- Rolodex cards
- Fed Ex info
-E-mails
- Storage receipts
- Multiple computer hard drives and a forensic image from a separate business computer
- 2 vials of drugs , including appetite suppressants and a muscle relaxant
- Notices from the IRS
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursdsy , July 23 , 2009
5:02 PM ET - Reports are the Jackson family will file a wrongful death lawsuit regardless of what happens in the criminal investigation .
The Jackson 's have openly called Michael Jackson 's death foul play and reportedly they want justice .
Meantime , lawyers for Michael Jackson 's estate have asked an LA judge to approve allowance for the main beneficiaries in Jackson 's will , his 3 children and their grandmother Katherine Jackson .
A hearing is set for Aug.3 .
Dollar amounts have not been disclosed at this time .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , July 22 , 2009
3:21 PM ET -
The probe into Michael Jackson 's death is heating up .
Investigators are now searching for evidence of manslaughter .
This according to a lawyer for Michael Jackson 's private doctor who confirms detectives have raided Dr. Conrad Murray 's Houston office .
And now reports are investigators want to meet with Murray for a 3rd time .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:34 PM ET -
The investigation surrounding Michael Jackson 's sudden death intensifies .
We have just confirmed the DEA and LAPD raiding the Houston , Texas office of the private doctor with Jackson the day the music icon collapses at his Holmby Hills home .
A spokesperson for Dr. Conrad Murray 's lawyer says they were " caught off guard " by the surprise search , but will fully cooperate with investigators .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , July 21 , 2009
6:25 PM ET - Has the secret location of Michael Jackson 's body been found ?
Reports emerge Jackson 's body is now under tight security at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale , California .
But burial plans appear to be on hold .
The Jackson family is still reportedly squabbling over the late music icon's final resting place .
Meantime , father Joe Jackson denies abusing or beating his son .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , July 20 , 2009
5:42 PM ET - A senior law enforcement source tell the LA Times that Jackson 's death is unlikely to result in murder charges against any of his doctors .
The official says 3 weeks into the case , investigators from the LAPD , the county coroner 's office , the DA 's office and the DEA remain " so far away " from concluding their investigation .
The source admits that if the toxicology report indicates Jackson 's death was caused by propofol , the dangerous drug reportedly found in Jackson 's bedroom , that prosecutors could bring charges against doctors or others involved in giving him the drug .
The official tells the LA Times prosecutors have discussed a range of possible charges in that scenario " all the way up to involuntary manslaughter " .
Jackson 's doctors could also face charges for using fake names on prescriptions or for illegally supplying Jackson with medication , such as in the case of Anna Nicole Smith .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , July 16 , 2009
4:58 PM ET - California Attorney General Jerry Brown told Reuters his office has run dozens of doctors ' names , some of them thought to be aliases , through its prescription drug database to aid police investigating Jackson 's death .
Brown admitted they 've found some things , but noted its " early on " and refused to elaborate .
Brown 's office monitors all over - the - counter prescription transactions in California , using a database that contains the name of each doctor , patient , medication , and quantity .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , July 15 , 2009
4:30 PM ET -
In an interview with ABC news , father Joe Jackson claims he never " beat " his pop superstar son .
Joe goes on to claim that everyone spanked their kids when they did wrong , and mom Katherine spanked Jackson more than he did .
Joe Jackson has previously admitted to whipping Jackson with a switch and belt , but says he has no regrets about how he raised his son .
Michael Jackson in the past has said he was " terrified " to be near his father .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
3:41 PM ET -
The LAPD is denying a report from TMZ.com that authorities are already treating Jackson 's death as a homicide case .
The website claims , through law enforcement sources , that the focus of the homicide probe is Michael Jackson 's cardiologist , Dr. Conrad Murray .
TMZ says sources tell them that there is already plenty of powerful evidence linking Dr. Murray as the person who administered the drug to Jackson that ultimately killed him .
A spokesperson with the LAPD says as of now it is not a homicide investigation , and they do n't know where the website was getting their information from .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , July 13 , 2009
6:30 PM ET - Has a custody deal for Michael Jackson 's children been already reached ?
The British tabloid The Mirror reports Katherine Jackson and Debbie Rowe have come to an agreement under which Rowe would not pursue custody of the children , in exchange for visitation ... and a guarantee that Joe Jackson is not involved in raising the children .
Sources tell the Mirror that as part of the arrangement , Rowe would not identify herself to the children as their mother , but as a family friend .
Both sides refuse to comment on the unconfirmed report .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
3:52 PM ET -
In an exclusive interview with the British tabloid News of the World , Michael Jackson 's sister LaToya allegedly claims Michael was murdered .
LaToya allegedly claims it was not just one person involved , but a conspiracy of people who teamed together to get Michael 's money .
La Toya allegedly states Jackson was fed a series of addictive drugs to keep him submissive and controlled , was kept from his family by manipulative people who blocked their visits , and was robbed of 2 million cash and gems as he was dying .
La Toya also reportedly goes through the scene at Jackson 's home when she arrived , describing multiple oxygen tanks , empty pill bottles , and 2 bags full of prescription drugs inside the home .
HLN cannot confirm LaToya Jackson 's comments .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:24 PM ET - TMZ reports that as far back as 1993 , Michael Jackson was allegedly using aliases to obtain prescription drugs for himself .
According Joe Jeszeck , an employee at Neverland Ranch , Jackson would ask him to go to a pharmacy and pick up prescriptions for him , sometimes the prescriptions were in someone else 's name .
Jeszneck tells TMZ some pharmacies would n't release the medication to him since the medications were not in his name .
Jackson would then reportedly call the doctor and have the name changed to the employee who was picking the medication up .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , July 10 , 2009
5:01 PM ET - CNN obtains a secret document revealing Michael Jackson took up to 40 Xanax pills a night .
The 2004 document points to a potential history of drug use by the music icon .
Former bodyguards told Santa Barbara County sheriffs that Jackson asked his employees to fill prescriptions for him in their names .
Jackson even traveling to doctors in other states to get his hands on drugs .
The confidential document names 5 doctors in California , New York and Florida .
This as the investigation into Jackson 's sudden death ramps up .
Authorities confirm the probe can turn into a criminal case .
Sources reveal multiple subpoenas were issued to doctors .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , July 9 , 2009
1:39 PM ET - Sources tell CNN Janet Jackson attempted an intervention two years ago to help her brother , Michael Jackson .
Sister Janet was concerned after visiting the music icon in 2007 , reaching out to her brothers for assistance .
But the attempt failed .
Michael Jackson refusing , even ordering security guards to not let the family in , and turning down calls from his own mother Katherine , named guardian of his 3 children in his will .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , July 8 , 2009
5:59 PM ET - Michael Jackson 's longtime dermatologist breaks his silence about Jackson 's medical history among other things .
Dr. Arnold Klein told ABC's " Good Morning America " Jackson battled lupus and vitiligo , forcing the music superstar to even out his skin tone because he was developing severe speckles .
Dr. Klein also denied giving Jackson dangerous drugs or being on the list of doctors the LAPD is investigating .
Klein is also sparking controversy after he refused to rule out he may be the biological father of Jackson 's children .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:29 PM ET - Following a star - studded memorial fit for the King of Pop , we 're learning more about Michael Jackson 's condition at the time of his sudden death .
Sources tell CNN Michael Jackson 's arms were riddled with marks and his veins collapsed , adding even more questions about the role drugs may have played in the music superstar 's unexpected death .
According to a source , the track marks found on Jackson 's arms are consistent with regular IV drug use .
Numerous prescription drugs were found in Jackson 's Holmby Hills home , reportedly including the powerful sedative , Diprivan .
Toxicology results , the county coroner says are necessary to confirm cause of death , are n't expected for at least another week .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , July 7 , 2009
5 PM ET - The Jackson family is now at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel for a private reception following Michael Jackson 's public , televised memorial at Staples Center .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
4:42 PM ET - Now that Michael Jackson 's public memorial is over the big question is where will the King of Pop be laid to rest ?
CNN is working to confirm that now , stay tuned for more details .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3:46 PM ET - The Jackson family , including Michael Jackson 's 3 children and his brothers and sisters , took the stage to thank the world for their support and love to conclude today 's memorial service at Staples Center in Los Angeles .
Jackson 's brothers then wheeled out his casket to his number one hit " Man in the Mirror " .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3:35 PM ET - Friends , members of the Jackson family and dozens of children gather together on stage to sing " Heal The World " , written by Michael Jackson .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:55 PM ET - Longtime Jackson friend Brooke Shields tearfully took to the stage reminiscing about her friendship with the late music star who Shields met at just 13 years old .
Brother Jermaine Jackson gave an emotional tribute singing his brother 's favorite song " Smile " .
All the Jackson brothers are wearing their brother 's signature one glove look .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:37 PM ET - John Mayer has taken the stage at Michael Jackson 's memorial playing a guitar riff of " Human Nature " .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:29 PM ET - Reverend Al Sharpton took the stage at Staples Center to preach about Michael Jackson 's persistence and talent breaking down color barriers .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:25 PM ET - Oscar winner and singer Jennifer Hudson is center stage belting out a cover of " Will You Be There " at the Jackson memorial .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:18 PM ET - Stevie Wonder just paid tribute with a special song for Michael Jackson " Never Dreamed You 'd Leave in Summer " and received a standing ovation as well as blown kisses from the Jackson family in the audience .
Kobe Bryant and Magic Johnson are now addressing the crowd about Jackson 's global charity work .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:11 PM ET -
The first standing ovation came as Berry Gordy called Michael Jackson the greatest star ever .
A video tribute just played consisting of a montage of Jackson music videos , interviews , charity work and his many awards over his more than 4 decade music career .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:58 PM ET - Motown founder Berry Gordy is paying his respects to Michael Jackson saying the late music star was like a son to him .
Gordy is reminiscing about the Jackson 5 , calling Michael 's performance " way beyond his years " .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:52 PM ET - Queen Latifah just left the stage paying her respects to Michael Jackson with an original poem by Maya Angelou .
Lionel Richie has now taken the stage singing gospel song " Jesus Is Love " .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:42 PM ET - Mariah Carey has taken the stage at Michael Jackson 's memorial singing the Jackson 5 signature hit " I'll Be There " .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:40 PM ET - Michael Jackson 's casket topped with large red flowers has been rolled out , accompanied by some of his brothers , in front of the stage at the Staples Center as a gospel choir sings .
The audience and mourners erupted in loud applause .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:32 PM ET - Music legend Smokey Robinson took the stage at the Michael Jackson memorial reading personal messages from Jackson friends who could not attend today 's service , including Nelson Mandela and Diana Ross , named successor guardian of Jackson 's 3 children .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1 PM ET - Michael Jackson 's funeral procession has finally made it to the Staples Center .
Fans , celebrities and family friends are now making their way to their seats .
Several large floral arrangements are lining the blue stage and a large screen with Michael Jackson 's photo , plus year of birth to year of death , is hanging above the stage .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
12:41 PM ET -
The hearse carrying Michael Jackson ' body , followed closely behind by the Jackson family motorcade , is now making its way to Staples Center for the public memorial .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
12:16 PM ET - Thousands of fans are lining up at Staples Center with their tickets and wristbands to mourn Michael Jackson .
Security is extremely tight and fans are penning messages on a makeshift tribute board located outside the Los Angeles arena .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
12:06 PM ET - Michael Jackson 's body will be at Staples Center as 20,000 , including family and friends , will remember the King of Pop during a public , globally televised memorial .
Jackson 's family and closest friends are now at the Hollywood Hills ' Forest Lawn cemetery for a private " gathering " .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , July 6 , 2009
4:10 PM ET -
We have our first glimpse of some of the big names who will participate in the Michael Jackson memorial Tuesday at Staples Center in Los Angeles .
A Jackson family spokesperson announces Mariah Carey , Jennifer Hudson , Brooke Shields , Stevie Wonder , Martin Luther King III , Smokey Robinson and John Mayer are just a few of the stars scheduled to honor the King of Pop. ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:45 PM ET - With 20,000 set to attend Michael Jackson 's memorial at Staples Center tomorrow , including celebrities and Jackson family friends , one person who wo n't be in attendance is Jackson 's ex-wife Debbie Rowe .
Rowe 's attorney just released a statement saying her presence would create an " unnecessary distraction " so Rowe will continue to " celebrate Michael 's memory privately " .
Rowe , the biological mom of 2 of Jackson 's children , has yet to decide whether she will seek custody .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:35 PM ET - A judge grants the executors named in Michael Jackson 's 2002 will control of the music star 's assets .
Another hearing is set for Aug. 3 . ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , July 3 , 2009
7:41 PM ET -
There 's been a traffic jam of sorts on the internet with fans hoping to get their hands on tickets to Michael Jackson 's memorial at Los Angeles ' Staples Center on Tuesday .
At least half a billion " hits " in the first 90 minutes on the website to register for free tickets .
With only 17,500 tickets available in a random drawing , at this point it appears gaining official entry to the memorial is like winning a golden ticket .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2:48 PM ET - AP is reporting the powerful sedative , Diprivan , was found in Michael Jackson 's home .
It 's the same drug , a nurse who claims she worked with Jackson , says the music star begged for to battle insomnia .
Manufacturer , AstraZeneca , tells CNN in a statement , " It is neither indicated nor approved for use as a sleep aid " .
Diprivan is commonly used as an anaesthetic during surgery .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:50 PM ET - Organizers for Michael Jackson 's memorial at Los Angeles ' Staples Center next Tuesday , just announced at a news conference fans who want to attend must register online for a lottery to win tickets .
17,500 tickets will be distributed .
Fans will be notified on Sunday whether their names have been pulled in the random drawing .
A family spokesman also says the Jackson family does not want people taking advantage of the memorial with counterfeit tickets or scalping tickets , which are free .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1 PM ET - The investigation surrounding Michael Jackson 's sudden death intensifies .
The California Attorney General confirms joining the investigation , combing its narcotic enforcement database containing a list of doctors who prescribe controlled substances .
The database also keeps tabs on the quantity and receipt of those substances .
This , as sources reveal Jackson traveled with a " mini- clinic " of sorts , when he toured during the 90's .
The " mini- clinic " consisted of an IV pole and an anesthesiologist who medicated the music superstar , who allegedly battled insomnia .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , July 2 , 2009
7:26 PM ET - A Los Angeles judge has delayed a custody hearing concerning Jackson 's children .
The hearing , which will decide if Katherine Jackson can remain the children 's temporary guardian , is now set for July 13 .
Will Debbie Rowe and / or her lawyer show up in court to seek custody of 2 of Jackson 's children ?
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
6:45 PM ET - Debbie Rowe 's lawyer announces she has not made a final decision on seeking custody of 2 of Michael Jackson 's children .
But the lawyer did say a local report ( KNBC ) , where Rowe revealed she would go for custody , is accurate .
In other words , it 's still unclear whether Rowe is going for custody or not .
What we do know for sure is Michael Jackson 's 2002 will explicitly cuts Debbie Rowe out .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
4:30 PM ET -
We got the first glimpse of Michael Jackson rehearsing just 2 days before he collapses .
CNN exclusively obtains video of the King of Pop staging his show at Los Angeles ' Staples Center .
Jackson is vibrant and appears to be in great shape as he hits all his signatures dance moves while singing his hit " They Don't Care About Us " .
The video raises even more questions about how the music superstar went from performing at such a vigorous level to collapsing then dying just 2 days later .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1 PM ET - Michael Jackson 's public memorial will take place on Tuesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles .
The location is where Jackson was wrapping up his final rehearsals for his series of London farewell concerts the night before he died .
The arena seats 20,000 and the service is set to begin at 10 a.m. ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , July 1 , 2009
7:15 PM ET - A judge grants temporary control of thousands of items at Neverland Ranch to Michael Jackson 's mom .
Lawyers for executors of Jackson 's will want the judge to nullify Katherine Jackson 's court order to take control of her son 's assets .
The judge ruled there is no urgency to give the executors charge over the Neverland possessions .
Another hearing is set for Monday .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
6 PM ET - After a lot of confusion and conflicting reports , a newly hired spokesman for the Jackson family confirms there are no plans to hold a public or private viewing at Neverland Ranch .
The family is making plans for a public memorial and will announce them shortly .
Jackson 's will , released this morning , does not indicate where he wanted to be buried .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:15 PM ET - Michael Jackson 's 2002 will has finally been filed in court !
The major headlines are :
- Jackson 's entire estate given to Michael Jackson Family Trust
- Jackson 's ex-wife Debbie Rowe is completely shut out of the will
- 3 executors are named to control the family trust , lawyer John Branca , music exec .
John McClain and family friend Barry Siegel
- Katherine Jackson named guardian of 3 kids , Diana Ross named successor guardian
- Jackson estate estimated at $ 500 million in July , 2002
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1 PM ET - Was Michael Jackson trying desperately to get his hands on a powerful sedative to battle insomnia before his death ?
A nutritionist and nurse practitioner who claims she worked with Jackson prior to his death , says the music star begged her for Diprivan to induce sleep but she refused .
Cherilyn Lee also claims 4 days before Jackson 's death she received a frantic call the singer was in trouble and suggested he go to the hospital .
Jackson allegedly never followed her advice , going into cardiac arrest at his Holmby Hills , California home .
In response to the nurse 's account , Jackson family attorney , Londell McMillan , says he does n't understand why someone would comment on a particular drug they have n't given Michael Jackson directly or seen the music star take .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , June 30 , 2009
6:15 PM ET -
As thousands of fans gather at Harlem 's Apollo Theater to pay tribute to the King of Pop , some fans who bought tickets for Michael Jackson 's farewell concerts in London are not celebrating the promoter 's suggestion on what to do with their concert tickets .
AEG is encouraging fans to keep their tickets as memorabilia rather than asking for a full refund .
The ticket was inspired and designed by Michael Jackson and is now being touted as a " commemorative ticket " .
But many fans who paid between 50 and 75 pounds for the London shows are calling it a desperate attempt by AEG to keep money in their pockets .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
5:30 PM ET - Not only has a Michael Jackson will surfaced , but it appears the document will be filed in court .
Jackson family attorney , L. Londell McMillan , says the family is aware of the will .
But the question now is how does this will affect court papers filed by Katherine Jackson to control her late son's empire ?
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:45 PM ET - CNN confirms a Michael Jackson will has surfaced .
Jackson family attorney , L. Londell McMillan , says he has seen a 2002 will that names certain people as executors of Michael Jackson 's estate .
McMillan says the will came up after Katherine Jackson 's court filings and could be one of many Michael Jackson wills .
All wills would have to be probated .
Reports are two of the executors of the 2002 will are one of Michael Jackson 's lawyers and a music executive .
Meantime , Katherine Jackson named temporary administrator of Michael Jackson 's property to prevent third parties from looting her son 's personal property .
McMillan confirms the Jackson family is gathering up all of the late music icon's property to make sure it 's secure .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:30 PM ET - CNN confirms Michael Jackson 's body will return to his Neverland Ranch on Thursday morning for a public viewing on Friday .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , June 29 , 2009
7 PM ET - Some of the last photos of Michael Jackson rehearsing for his London concerts have surfaced .
In the pictures , we see the pop superstar staging his show at Los Angeles ' Staples Center .
The photos show what appears to be a healthy , robust Jackson hitting his signature moves with his backup dancers .
Tune into tonight 's show to see some of the last images of the music superstar before his death .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
6 PM ET - There 's some activity at the Holmby Hills , California home where Michael Jackson was living .
Officials from the LAPD and Coroner 's office have been spotted on the scene .
Meantime , at a news conference today outside of the Jackson family 's Los Angeles home , Joe Jackson said there are no immediate plans for a funeral as the family still has unanswered questions about Michael Jackson 's death , awaiting results from a second autopsy .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3:30 PM ET - More court action from Michael Jackson 's parents in the wake of the music superstar 's death .
Katherine and Joe Jackson have filed a petition to control their late son's estate .
The document says Katherine Jackson wants to ensure Jackson 's three children are the beneficiaries .
With all these court petitions emerging , the big question now is did Michael Jackson have a will ?
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET -
As questions swirl about what will happen to Michael Jackson 's 3 children , a Los Angeles judge approves Katherine Jackson 's request for temporary guardianship .
Katherine Jackson 's petition argued the children should be in her care because " the minors have no relationship with their biological mother " and are " currently residing with paternal grandmother . "
So far , there has been no confirmation on record that the biological mother of two of the children , Debbie Rowe , will fight for custody .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , June 26 , 2009
7 PM ET -
It could be awhile until we learn exactly what happened to King of Pop Michael Jackson .
The LA County Corner says Jackson 's cause of death has not been determined .
More tests , including toxicology , neuropathology and pulmonary have been ordered and will take 4 to 6 weeks to complete .
A 3 hour autopsy determined there were no signs of foul play or trauma to the body .
The coroner does confirm Jackson was taking prescription medications , but did not identify them .
Reports are Jackson was taking anti-anxiety meds and painkiller Demerol .
Michael Jackson 's body is ready to be released to family as soon as they select a mortuary .
Meantime , LAPD just held a news conference and announced they have set up a more extensive 2nd interview with Jackson 's personal doctor , with the pop star when he went into cardiac arrest .
But cops did not reveal the date or time of the upcoming interview .
We hear people trying desperately to save Michael Jackson in a stunning 911 call .
An unidentified man confirms Jackson 's doctor was the only one on scene when the music superstar collapsed at his Holmby Hills , California home .
The 911 call reveals despite the doctor 's efforts administering CPR before paramedics arrived on the scene , Jackson remained unresponsive .
Tune in to tonight 's show , to hear the 911 call .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , June 25 , 2009
4:30 PM : The LA County Coroner 's office has delayed its news conference at least one hour .
The preliminary autopsy is complete and the coroner has met with Michael Jackson 's family in a secret location .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , June 25 , 2009
3:45 PM ET -
We are awaiting a statement from the LA County Coroner 's Office on the tragic death of music icon Michael Jackson .
An autopsy is underway at this very hour .
The investigation now focused on Jackson 's rented mansion near Beverly Hills , where the superstar went into cardiac arrest Thursday afternoon .
Police have interviewed Jackson 's personal doctor , who was with the pop star when he collapsed , but as of today they cannot find the physician .
Jackson 's doctor 's car was seized by police early today and the LAPD confirms the car may contain medications connected to the investigation .
Reports emerging Jackson taking multiple prescription drugs at the time of his death .
We will bring you details from the coroner 's news conference as soon as it happens .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , June 25 , 2009
5 PM ET -
The murder trial for Caylee Anthony has n't even started yet and already there 's reports of a new book .
A Texas author has penned " Mommy 's little girl " about the murder case and according to the Orlando Sentinel , the book , not even on bookstore shelves yet , is creating quite the outrage .
People are apparently angry about the title , the timing and complain the author is profiting from the horrific tragedy .
The author claims the Anthonys are not profiting from the book .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , June 24 , 2009
3 PM ET -
The owner of the tattoo shop where Casey Anthony got inked just weeks after Caylee went missing says she spoke briefly about her little girl when she came to the Cast Iron tattoo shop .
But in a primetime exclusive on our show , owner , Danny Knight , said tot mom explained Caylee was with her nanny .
Anthony set up an appointment to get another tattoo , promising to bring little Caylee with her , but that never materialized because tot mom ended up behind bars .
Prosecutors want to take photos of that " Bella Vita " tattoo on Anthony 's shoulder , presumably as evidence .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , June 23 , 2009
6 PM ET - The State wants Casey Anthony to go on trial for check fraud charges before she faces a jury on murder one .
Prosecutors filed a motion requesting that a trial date be set within the next 2 months .
Will the State play in court the surveillance video of tot mom's shopping spree as she racks up clothes , beer , groceries and lingerie for herself ?
All of it allegedly using her so - called friend Amy Huizenga 's checking account while Huizenga vacationed in Puerto Rico . ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , June 22 , 2009
3 PM ET - Casey
Anthony 's tattoos will apparently come into evidence at her upcoming murder trial .
The State filed a motion requesting to take photos of a tattoo on tot mom's shoulder .
Just weeks after her daughter , Caylee , went missing , an artist at local Cast Iron Tattoo shop says Anthony came in for a new tattoo , " Bella Vida " , the beautiful life .
On a visit to Cast Iron Tattoo shop last year , artists there told us they turned over that sketch of Anthony 's new tattoo to cops .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , June 19 , 2009
4 PM ET - We know Oak Ridge Lab in Tennessee conducted " pizza " decomposition testing in the Caylee Anthony murder case .
But newly released autopsy and forensic reports , also confirm Oak Ridge performed decomposition testing of a squirrel .
You may remember tot mom Casey Anthony told friends and family she ran over a squirrel , possibly to explain the rancid smell in her car .
But air samples confirmed it was the smell of human decomposition .
Both decomposition tests , the pizza and squirrel , shoot down the Anthonys ' explanation for the smell in tot mom 's car .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET - Caylee
Anthony 's autopsy report confirms the little girl 's remains were so skeletonized , cause of death could not be determined .
No trauma was evident to the skeleton , but the report does confirm duct tape was placed over the lower face and still attached to head hair .
The tape was placed over Caylee 's mouth prior to decomposition .
According to the autopsy , all indications are the body was dumped in the heavily wooded area near the Anthony home right after Caylee 's death .
At one point , grandmother Cindy Anthony said someone may have placed the body there after Casey Anthony was in jail .
The autopsy report clearly debunking that theory .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Noon ET - Caylee Anthony 's autopsy report released .
An Orange County judge denied a motion by grandparents George and Cindy Anthony to restrict the release of the report , which they believe will be exploited and cause more anguish .
The report is public record now .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , June 18 , 2009
1 PM ET - We may learn as early as tomorrow whether Judge Stan Strickland will allow the public release of Caylee Anthony 's autopsy report .
A hearing has been scheduled for 11 am on George and Cindy Anthony 's motion to restrict disclosure of the report until it is necessary for prosecutors to introduce it as evidence in court .
The autopsy had been expected in the batch of discovery documents released last week but Judge Strickland issued a temporary stay until he could hear arguments on the issue .
The Anthonys ' motion claims that releasing the report would " cause great anguish " for them and that the " endless comment and speculation " on its findings in the media would make their struggle with grief over their granddaughter 's death even more difficult than it has been .
The Orlando Sentinel , one of the media organizations seeking the release of the document , plans to have an attorney present tomorrow .
Casey Anthony , however , will not be transported from jail to attend the hearing according to a court administrator .
( From Stephen Loiaconi , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , June 17 , 2009
3 PM ET -
It looks like the public may have to wait until Casey Anthony 's trial to see a jail videotape of her reaction to learning a child 's remains had been found near her house , if we ever get to see it at all .
In his order today sealing the tape , Judge Stan Strickland acknowledged that given the pretrial publicity in the case , it is not unreasonable to fear that potential jurors could see the video and " develop a ' hardened ' attitude in reference to the defendant 's guilt . "
Strickland also said that media coverage of the video's release would " most assuredly " be shown throughout Florida , tainting any jury pool in the state , regardless of whether he grants the defense 's pending motion for a change of venue .
He added that it is still possible the tape will not even be shown to the jury at trial .
He then concluded that " it does not seem too great a restraint to limit access to the video in question " and ordered that it not be released to the media and the general public until further order of the court .
( From Stephen Loiaconi , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , June 16 , 2009
6:00 PM ET - Another day , another objection to Jose Baez 's attempts to obtain phone records from potential witnesses in the case .
An attorney for Anthony Lazzaro filed a motion Friday to quash the subpoena Baez is seeking for his client 's records , arguing that it would be an invasion of his privacy to turn over information covering the broad timeframe Baez has requested .
Also filed on Friday was a defense motion indicating that Casey Anthony 's attorneys want to depose five more Orange County Jail employees .
Prosecutors , meanwhile , objected to defense efforts to further delay a ruling on the release of the jail videotape of Casey Anthony 's reaction to the discovery of a child 's remains .
Despite the defense claims that the delay is necessary to accommodate new defense team member Andrea Lyon , the state 's motion suggests the real purpose is to deflect attention from the evidence against his client with more " unsubstantiated and irrelevant propaganda " and " endless histrionics " about government misconduct .
Instead of allowing the " circus - like atmosphere " of a hearing , they want the judge to rule based on the pleadings already filed on the issue .
( From Stephen Loiaconi , Nancy Grace Producer )
5:00 PM ET -
On the anniversary of the last time Caylee Anthony 's grandparents saw her alive , George and Cindy Anthony were speaking out on CBS 's " The Early Show " this morning .
After acknowledging that this is a tough day for them , the interview focused mainly on their efforts to create something positive from their grief through the Caylee Marie Anthony Foundation .
Cindy
Anthony explained that the purpose of the organization will be to provide support to families of missing children and help keep their cases in the national media .
When asked about comments by Ronald Cummings , the father of still - missing 5 - year - old Haleigh Cummings , that he did n't want their help , Cindy said he made a mistake and suggested that she was partly responsible for the national attention that Haleigh 's disappearance got because she called reporters and urged them to cover the case .
( From Stephen Loiaconi , Nancy Grace Producer )
3:30 PM ET - While George and Cindy Anthony were talking about their granddaughter on CBS , their attorney Brad Conway appeared on ABC's " Good Morning America " to discuss recent developments in the case .
Conway flatly denied a claim made in discovery documents released last week that Cindy told a blogger that she thought Casey Anthony probably did something to Caylee .
According to him , Cindy did talk to blogger Sean Krause but some of the comments he attributed to her were sent by someone else from a hacked email account .
While Conway acknowledged that he is n't aware of any theory about what happened to Caylee that would rule out Casey Anthony as a suspect , he did suggest that other people may have been involved in the child 's death .
He did n't elaborate on who those people are or exactly what their involvement might be , though .
Conway also expressed disapproval of the decision by defense attorney Jose Baez not to allow Casey Anthony to see her parents due to fear of recordings of those visits being released to the media .
Conway said George and Cindy Anthony would like to take any opportunity they can to see their daughter .
Also , defense attorney Linda Kenny - Baden was on " The Today Show " on NBC this morning promoting a new book co-written with husband Michael Baden , but she remained cryptic when asked about the Caylee Anthony case .
She deflected questions about the significance of the one - year anniversary of Caylee 's disappearance , prosecutors ' decision to seek the death penalty and when the trial might actually begin , saying all of these issues will be addressed in court .
( From Stephen Loiaconi , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , June 15 , 2009
2:00 PM ET - Tomorrow will mark one year .
One year since one Orlando family went through the ultimate tragedy .
Tomorrow marks the last day anyone saw Caylee Marie Anthony alive .
A year ago today , June 15 , 2008 , the last known video showing the 2 year old toddler alive , playing with her great grandfather on father 's day .
That day was also the last day grandmother Cindy Anthony saw her little granddaughter .
The next day , George Anthony spotted tot mom as she left with Caylee that afternoon .
He was the last person to see Caylee alive besides tot mom Casey Anthony .
Prosecutors intend to prove that shortly after that , Casey Anthony murdered her daughter Caylee and left her in a wooded area of suburban drive just yards from her own home .
Anthony , now facing the death penalty , has remained in jail since October , and continues to proclaim her innocence from behind bars .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , June 12 , 2009
1:30 PM ET - Hundreds of pages of new evidence were released by the State Attorney 's office today in the case against tot mom Casey Anthony .
The document include transcripts of grandparents George and Cindy Anthony under oath , employment records for tot mom , and transcripts of police interviews with witnesses .
One interview that may raise eyebrows is an interview orange county sheriff 's investigators did with tot mom's friend Michelle Murphy .
In her interview with cops , Murphy describes a phone conversation she had with tot mom a year before Caylee vanished , where Anthony talked about getting herself committed .
Murphy also told investigators details about tot mom's pregnancy after caylee was born , which Anthony claimed ended in a miscarriage .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , June 11 , 2009
6 PM ET - Judge Stan Strickland has issued a temporary stay after grandparents George and Cindy Anthony filed a motion to stop the autopsy results from being released as part of discovery .
The autopsy results were expected to be released along with hundreds of pages of documents in the case against Casey Anthony .
Strickland will allow the media to present their argument as to why the results should be made public , while the Anthonys are hoping to avoid " great anguish " that would come with the details of Caylee 's remains being made available to the public .
Hundreds of pages of documents are expected to be released in hours and grandparents George and Cindy Anthony are trying to stop some of the info from being released , including the autopsy of little Caylee .
In a motion filed today by attorney Brad Conway , the Anthonys want the judge to block the release of the autopsy results , saying that it would cause the family " great anguish " .
Caylee 's death has been ruled a homicide , but medical examiner Dr. Jan garavaglia says it will be impossible to determine how caylee was murdered .
The discovery released may also include the toxicology results of testing done on caylee .
Previously released documents show evidence of chloroform was found in the car trunk of Casey Anthony 's Pontiac Sunfire .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , June 10 , 2009
3 PM ET - An Orange County corrections officer testified under oath that tot mom Casey Anthony wanted to watch TV the day Caylee 's remains were found in the wooded area not far from her home .
Officer Billy Richardson says when he went down to Anthony 's jail cell to pick her up and tell her to go to the clinic , Anthony was listening to the radio .
Richardson says
Anthony replied " Good , because there 's something going on and I want to know about it " .
Jailers taped Anthony 's reaction to the news of caylee being found ... the Anthony 's attorney is trying to stop the tape from being released .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , June 9 , 2009
9 PM ET -
The tot mom's defense team has just filed a motion asking the judge to delay deciding whether or not to release the video taken of the tot mom the day caylee 's remains were discovered .
Baez wants the decision delayed to give the defense team 's newest attorney , Andrea Lyon , more time to become familiar with the case .
The defense claims they intend to show that the tape is part of a larger issue : that the state intends to create a presumption of guilt and hurt the potential jury pool by leaking information to the public .
The defense also argues that releasing the tape would violate Anthony 's rights to keep her medical records private .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , June 8 , 2009
3 PM ET -
The new death penalty attorney for tot mom's defense team , Andrea Lyon , has filed paperwork seeking permission to officially enter the case .
Lyon will reportedly be asked to try and prove the evidence against Casey Anthony does not warrant the state seeking the death penalty .
The defense has filed amended motions regarding cell phone records for meter reader Roy Kronk , Anthony 's former fiancé Jesse Grund , and Anthony 's former friend Amy Huizenga .
The new motions , at the judge 's request , have more clearly specified the timeframe of phone records the defense is seeking .
Meanwhile , Casey Anthony 's attorney is trying to get the defamation lawsuit filed against her by Zenaida Gonzalez delayed , saying Anthony cannot defend herself in the lawsuit with the possibility of the death penalty looming with the murder trial .
( From Matt Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , June 5 , 2009
2:30 p.m. ET - Cops question George and Cindy Anthony about an incident involving women who claim they were chased by Caylee 's grandparents out of the Anthony 's neighborhood , after placing memorial crosses for Caylee near the area where the little girl 's remains were recovered .
The Anthonys ' side of the story is when they warned the women to leave grandfather George was nearly run over .
An investigation is underway , but police have yet to release the 911 call .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , June 4 , 2009
3 PM ET - Just when you think it can't get any worse , it looks like people are still hawking items for profit in the Caylee Anthony murder case .
Along with dolls , t- shirts , bumper stickers and a laundry list of other items , now comes the sale of a high school yearbook with pictures of Casey Anthony when she was a junior and a member of the travel and tourism club .
The 2003 yearbook sold for nearly $ 500 on eBay .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , June 3 , 2009
5 PM ET - George and Cindy Anthonys ' private eye files a motion to stop the defense from getting their hands on his phone and other personal records .
Dominic
Casey argues he was not notified of the defense 's motion seeking those records or of a hearing where tot mom 's lawyers gave arguments concerning the phone records .
You may remember that video from our show of Dominic Casey digging around the woods just weeks before Caylee 's remains are recovered near the Anthony home .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET - A lawyer for George and Cindy Anthony is apparently giving a different version of events concerning an altercation near the heavily wooded area where Caylee 's remains were discovered .
Police are looking into allegations by a group of women who claim they were chased in a vehicle by the Anthonys .
The women say after putting up a memorial cross for Caylee , Cindy Anthony removed it , leading to the car chase .
But the Anthony 's attorney reportedly says the women were driving around the neighborhood with the lights off , ducking so they would n't be seen .
When George Anthony threatened to call police , that 's when his lawyer says Anthony was nearly run over by the other car .
The Orange County Sheriff 's Office says they may release the 911 call later today .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , June 2 , 2009
6:30 PM ET - The Orange County Sheriff 's Office confirms they are investigating allegations George and Cindy Anthony chased four females from the heavily wooded area where Caylee 's remains were discovered .
The women were attempting to replace a memorial cross they say had been removed .
According to a police statement , the women stayed behind to try and catch the person who had been removing their crosses .
The women claim a black SUV drove to the area and a female left the vehicle and removed the new cross .
After snapping a photo of the black SUV , the women say their vehicle was chased by George and Cindy Anthony .
A 911 call was made during the car chase and we are awaiting word from the sheriff 's office on whether that tape will be released .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
5 PM ET -
We learn the jail video recording was zoomed in for a close - up of tot mom's reaction to the discovery of Caylee 's remains .
This revealed as part of sworn testimony by jail officers with Casey Anthony that day .
According to female lieutenant Tammy Unser , jailers had tot mom sit in a chair at the jail 's medical facility and watch the local news on instruction from the Orange County Sheriff 's office .
Both Unser and Sergeant Bill Richardson , also with Casey Anthony at the jail , testified they thought what was happening to tot mom was mean and cruel .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET - Casey
We learn the jail video recording was zoomed in for a close - up of tot mom's reaction to the discovery of Caylee 's remains .
This revealed as part of sworn testimony by jail officers with Casey Anthony that day .
According to female lieutenant Tammy Unser , jailers had tot mom sit in a chair at the jail 's medical facility and watch the local news on instruction from the Orange County Sheriff 's office .
Both Unser and Sergeant Bill Richardson , also with Casey Anthony at the jail , testified they thought what was happening to tot mom was mean and cruel .
Anthony 's lawyer files another motion to stop the release of tot mom's jailhouse reaction to the discovery of Caylee 's remains , caught on videotape .
The motion includes depositions from two jail officers with tot mom the day investigators recover Caylee 's bones . ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:30 PM ET - Transcripts of sworn testimony by jail officers with Casey Anthony the day she watches live TV coverage of the discovery of Caylee 's remains , have just been released .
Female lieutenant Tammy
Uncer once told police tot mom hyperventilated and asked for a sedative the day Caylee 's skeleton was found .
More details to come from what the officers had to say to tot mom 's lawyers under oath .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , June 1 , 2009
6 PM ET - WESH reporting a prayer vigil is planned to mark the one year death of Florida girl Caylee Anthony .
Investigators believe Caylee was killed on June 16 .
The event is being organized by volunteers who searched for Caylee and is set to take place at local Jay Blanchard Park , Orlando and will reportedly include a balloon release .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , May 29 , 2009
4 PM ET - Casey
Anthony 's lead defense lawyer hit the national airwaves again .
This just one day after fighting in court to stop the release of a jail videotape of tot mom the day she learns of the discovery of Caylee 's remains .
Jose Baez talked about the new addition to the defense team , death penalty expert Andrea Lyon , why tot mom 's parents have not been to the jail to visit and the defense plan to challenge the evidence , including forensics .
As far as the jailhouse videotape in question , Baez claims two jail officers the defense put under oath , claim the way tot mom was treated the day Caylee 's remains were found was cruel and unusual .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , May 28 , 2009
NOON ET - Both sides square off in court today as Casey Anthony 's lawyers fight to keep a jailhouse videotape secret .
Anthony 's attorneys do not want the public and potential jury pool to see her reaction during live TV coverage of the discovery of Caylee Anthony 's remains .
According to a female jail lieutenant , tot mom hyperventilating , collapsing into a chair and asking for a sedative .
With the motion to stop the tape 's release filed just late yesterday , the judge delays a ruling to give prosecutors time to review the motion and media a chance to argue for the tape 's release under public records law .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , May 27 , 2009
9 PM ET - Casey
Anthony 's defense team reportedly filed a request late today asking the judge to order the video of her reaction the day her daughter 's remains were found sealed .
Attorney Jose Baez reportedly wrote in the motion that the video must not be released to the public for medical privacy and other reasons that have been developed .
( From Matthew Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , May 26 , 2009
3 PM ET - A new member of the Casey Anthony defense team is set to be introduced at a hearing on Thursday .
According to the Florida Rules of Criminal Procedure , attorneys must meet certain minimum standards to handle death cases .
Defense Attorney Jose Baez is not death penalty qualified .
At the hearing , Baez is also expected to ask the judge to bar release of jail video showing the Tot mom 's emotional reaction to the remains of her daughter Caylee being found just yards from her own home .
( From Matthew Zarrell , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , May 21 , 2009
10 PM ET -
It looks like we 'll have to wait to find out whether George , Cindy , and Lee Anthony will be forced to answer more questions under oath .
Their portion of this morning 's hearing has been postponed because the Anthonys ' attorney was not able to make an appearance in court .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , May 20 , 2009
4 PM ET - Both sides are gearing up for another court hearing connected to the Caylee Anthony murder investigation .
Lawyers for Zenaida Gonzalez want to force George and Cindy Anthony to answer more questions under oath .
During their last round of videotaped testimony , both Cindy and George refused to answer a few questions , including the last time George Anthony saw little Caylee alive and whether Caylee could have been killed in the family pool .
A hearing is set for tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , May 19 , 2009
5 PM ET - George and Cindy Anthony may soon be back on the hot seat .
Lawyers for Zenaida Gonzalez want to force the Anthonys to answer questions they refused , under oath .
A hearing is set for Thursday at 10:30 a.m. ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3 PM ET - Casey
Anthony 's lawyer says by next week he will file another motion to dismiss a lawsuit by Zenaida Gonzalez .
Moments ago , a judge ruled Gonzalez could go forward and seek punitive damages .
According to her civil attorney , tot mom will not answer questions under oath with the death penalty hanging over her head .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1 PM ET - A judge is allowing plaintiff Zenaida Gonzalez to go for punitive damages against tot mom Casey Anthony .
Right now Gonzalez ' lawsuit is seeking $ 15,000 .
Anthony 's motion to dismiss will be heard at a later date .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
12 PM ET - George and Cindy Anthony have arrived at the courthouse for a hearing as their daughter Casey Anthony attempts to get a lawsuit by Zenaida Gonzalez dismissed .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , May 18 , 2009
4 PM ET - Caylee 's grandparents George and Cindy Anthony participated in the National Vigil for Hope , bringing awareness to the more than 300,000 missing children in the US .
The coalition of businesses , communities and other organizations gathered for prayer vigils across the country .
This , as both sides gear up for a 10 am hearing in court tomorrow concerning Casey Anthony 's motion to dismiss a defamation lawsuit by Zenaida Gonzalez , the nanny tot mom claims kidnapped Caylee .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , May 15 , 2009
4 PM ET - Since his appearance on our show , Terence Lenamon , the veteran defense attorney who argued against the death penalty for Casey Anthony , released this statement : " The importance of an experienced death qualified attorney 's independent involvement in Ms. Anthony 's case can not be over emphasized .
The penalty of death is unique in both its severity and finality .
Standards consistent with both Florida law and the American Bar Associations Guideline 's for the Appointment and Performance of Counsel in Death Penalty Cases ( Feb. 2003 ) require conflict free investigation , evaluation , and preparation .
In that I am no longer involved in the case , I am confident that Mr. Baez will aggressively pursue assuring that Ms. Anthony is provided death qualified counsel that will diligently represent her interests . "
Casey Anthony 's defense team still has not revealed the name of the new DP qualified lawyer who will represent her at trial .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET - A hearing will take place next Tuesday , May 19 at 10 am concerning a lawsuit by plaintiff Zenaida Gonzalez .
At issue is tot mom's motion to dismiss the defamation lawsuit .
Gonzalez claims she has not been able to find work and her life has been disrupted since tot mom named Zenaida Gonzalez as the so - called nanny who kidnapped Caylee .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , May 14 , 2009
5 PM ET - More depositions under way .
Tot mom Casey Anthony 's lawyers grilling another round of key witnesses under oath , including a DCF worker who tot mom opened up to saying she 's innocent .
According to the male child services worker tot mom also called her 2 year old girl Caylee " that child " .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , May 13 , 2009
5 PM ET - Did Casey
Anthony come up with lies to cops and family by ripping off details from her own friends lives ?
According to tot mom's longtime friends ... yes .
Multiple friends reveal tot mom made up jobs at Universal Studios and Sports Authority , which happened to be two places her friends worked .
Casey Anthony also allegedly came up with Sawgrass apartments as the location where Caylee was kidnapped , because her friend lived there .
Tot mom 's history of lies is sure to come up at trial . ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET - Casey
Anthony 's lawyers are grilling more witnesses today .
On the hot seat ?
An Orange County deputy among the first to arrive when little Caylee 's remains discovered in a heavily wooded area and a Department of Children and Families worker who once investigated a child abuse claim against tot mom .
Tuesday , May 12 , 2009
6 PM ET - Does Casey
Anthony have a make - shift memorial for her little girl in her private jail cell ?
According to a former inmate , tot mom has a collage of personal photos and magazine photos of little Caylee displayed on a poster board made out of legal pads .
The " shrine " also reportedly has black flowers constructed out of paper mache - like material .
Also allegedly in tot mom's cell ?
Crackers , cookies , candy and make - up .
Tune in tonight to hear the former inmate 's account on videotape .
The jail is disputing the former inmate 's story that Casey Anthony had to be restrained the day she learned prosecutors were seeking the death penalty .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET - A former inmate at the jail where Casey Anthony sits in her private cell claims tot mom throws a tantrum , repeatedly screaming " I 'm pissed " the day she learns the State is seeking the death penalty .
Tot mom reportedly so outraged , she had to be restrained .
But the jail is disputing these claims saying it never happened and expressing shock " a publication would give credibility to a former inmate without verifying with the corrections department " .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , May 11 , 2009
4 PM ET - Casey
Anthony 's lawyers file a response objecting to the State 's motion asking for the defense to reveal who on their team is qualified to lead the death penalty case .
In the last days , tot mom 's lawyers revealed they have added a new South Florida , DP qualified attorney , but as of now still no word on a name .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET - More key witnesses giving testimony under oath today .
The defense is grilling an Orange County deputy and two of meter reader Roy Kronk 's co-workers .
Today 's sworn testimony centers around Kronk 's 911 tips from a heavily wooded area four months before he would eventually discover Caylee 's remains there .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , May 8 , 2009
Noon ET - Reports are Casey Anthony 's defense plans to reveal a new lawyer added to the team , making them qualified to try the death penalty murder case .
Tot mom 's lawyers are keeping mum on the name , but say he is a prominent lawyer .
Casey Anthony 's next court hearing set for May 28 and all indications are the new DP qualified lawyer will be there .
Last night , prosecutors file a motion to force the defense to reveal who on their team is qualified to lead the death penalty case .
Previously tot mom's lawyers relied on the expertise of South Florida attorney Terence Lenamon to argue against the death penalty .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , May 7 , 2009
2 PM ET -
The jail is disputing reports Casey Anthony had to be physically restrained after learning the State would seek the death penalty .
According to a spokesman , there was no time in which Anthony had to be placed on a restraint bed and say tot mom has been cooperative , following jail rules .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , May 6 , 2009
4:30 PM ET - It 's a busy week for Casey Anthony 's lawyers .
Already filing a motion for change of venue and deposing a female lieutenant and a detective , the defense says they will place more key witnesses under oath .
Beginning next week tot mom's lawyers will grill a few more Orange County Sheriff 's deputies , Department of Children and Families personnel and a security guard at Universal , where Casey Anthony said she went to work the day Caylee vanishes .
Tot mom 's lawyers are also combing over 700 pages of new discovery from the State .
Prosecutors are set to meet in the next few days to come up with their response to the defense 's motion to move the trial out of Orlando .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , May 5 , 2009
6 PM ET - Depositions are over for the day , but we just learn Casey Anthony 's lawyers plan to call back the female lieutenant with tot mom the day she watches news coverage of the discovery of Caylee 's tiny skeleton .
Jail Lieutenant Tammy
Unser set for round 2 under oath .
The other key witness today , Detective Philip Graves , had little to say while leaving the State Attorney 's Office , but Jose Baez had a few words for reporters talking in front of the cameras .
Baez says they are trying to get to the bottom of what happened behind bars that day and claims tot mom was mistreated .
4 PM ET - Depositions are still going on in the Caylee Anthony murder case .
The defense grilling a female lieutenant with tot mom the day she reacts to live TV coverage of little Caylee 's remains and a detective who interviewed that female lieutenant .
Also tonight , tune in to hear audiotapes from stacks of secret police files , of that lady jailer describing how Casey Anthony hyperventilates and asks for medication as investigators recover Caylee 's tiny bones .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET - More key witnesses testify under oath today .
Casey Anthony 's lawyers grilling a female corrections officer and a sheriff 's deputy .
The lady jailer with tot mom the day she watches live TV coverage of the discovery of Caylee 's remains .
According to the corrections officer , Casey Anthony hyperventilates , collapses into a chair and asks for a sedative as the grim news unfolds before her very eyes .
The defense is fighting to keep Anthonys ' reaction , caught on videotape , a secret .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , May 4 , 2009
5 PM ET - Casey
Anthony 's lawyers just file a motion for change of venue .
Moments ago , Jose Baez announces he is requesting the trial be moved from Central Florida to South Florida .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3 PM ET - Shortly before they are set to file a motion for a change of venue , Casey Anthony 's defense takes to the national airwaves again .
This time Linda Kenney - Baden appears on the Today show , saying local media coverage and leaks are the reason they will ask for Casey Anthony 's trial to be moved out of Orlando .
Kenney - Baden also says they are exploring different theories as to why the State is seeking the death penalty , including to get a better jury pool and as a way to remove some of the defense lawyers who are unqualified to be lead counsel on a DP case .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1 PM ET - Casey
Anthony 's lawyers confirm they will finally file a motion for a change of venue today .
Defense attorney Jose Baez is scheduled to make a statement at the courthouse shortly .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , May 1 , 2009
5 PM ET - New police interviews inside tot mom's murder case reveal a deputy who investigated a meter reader 's tips lied about what he found at the scene just months before police recover Caylee 's remains .
Did it slow investigators down in the search for Caylee ? ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET - Just revealed in hundreds of new documents from prosecutors , we learn investigators attempt to link 3 key locations in the Caylee Anthony murder case ... tot mom 's car , the Anthony home and the woods where Caylee 's remains discovered .
But soil sample tests reveal no evidence linking Casey Anthony 's shoes to the crime scene .
During the investigation , cops seizing 22 pairs of tot mom's shoes .
Dirt from tot mom's car also could not be directly matched to the crime scene .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
NOON ET - The State releases new discovery in the Caylee Anthony murder case .
Among the hundreds of pages of documents are evidence forms , fingerprint reports , FBI lab reports , phone records and multiple interviews .
More details to come .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Thursday , April 30 , 2009
NOON ET - We are awaiting new discovery from stacks of secret police files inside the Caylee Anthony murder case .
And of course , we will bring you those new details as soon as we have them .
Also the clock is ticking down on another round of tot mom 's lawyers grilling key witnesses under oath .
A corrections officer , the female jailer with tot mom the day she watches live TV coverage of the discovery of Caylee 's remains , set to give sworn testimony .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Wednesday , April 29 , 2009
4:30 PM ET - An Orange County Sheriff 's deputy fired for his handling of tips in the Caylee Anthony murder case , is joining the fight against Casey Anthony 's lawyers for private cell phone records .
A motion filed moments ago by Deputy Richard Cain citing the violation of his privacy and the exemption of personal information and photos of law enforcement under the Florida Public Records Law .
Cain joins meter reader Roy Kronk and tot mom's friend Amy Huizenga in their fight against turning over their phone records .
Ironically , it 's Kronk 's tips that ultimately lead to Cain 's firing .
Cain is now appealing his termination .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET - Is " ugly coping " how Casey Anthony 's lawyers will explain her wild partying and shopping spree after Caylee goes missing ?
No doubt those photos of tot mom out on the town , dancing and posing for the cameras , will come into trial , as well as surveillance video of her buying beer , clothes , sportswear and lingerie allegedly using her best friend 's checks .
A Columbia University behaviorist came up with " ugly coping " to describe people who indulge in strange behaviors as a way of grieving .
It 's the same phrase used by lawyers during the trial of a military widow convicted of poisoning her Marine husband for insurance money .
The widow would eventually be released from jail after evidence proved her husband was not poisoned .
Defense attorney Jose Baez talked about that case during a recent interview .
Is Baez planning to use a similar defense at trial ?
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Tuesday , April 28 , 2009
5:30 PM ET - Do Casey
Anthony 's lawyers have an explanation for those disturbing photos of tot mom partying after Caylee goes missing , her shopping sprees allegedly using her friend 's checking account and the chloroform found in tot mom 's car ?
Reports are Jose Baez is comparing tot mom to a military widow accused of poisoning her Marine husband then going out on sex and shopping sprees using her dead husband 's insurance money .
The widow , Cynthia Sommer , would go on to be released from jail after it 's determined her husband was not poisoned after all .
Does Baez plan to use the Sommer 's case as an example of how someone 's erratic behavior after the death of a loved one does not prove they committed murder ?
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
1:30 PM ET - Taxpayers are still shelling out money and will continue to do so in the Caylee Anthony murder case .
This time , tax dollars are funding a lawyer for the utility meter reader who discovered Caylee 's remains .
Already costing $ 10,000 , Roy Kronk reportedly needs more even more money to get ready for the murder case .
Kronk undergoing multiple police interviews and fighting tot mom's lawyers who want his personal cell phone records .
Kronk is asking Orange County for another $ 2,500 and that number could keep growing .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Monday , April 27 , 2009
6 PM ET - All indications are it's going to be the battle of forensics at tot mom 's murder trial .
The defense reveals it will attack the state 's evidence , saying it amounts to nothing more than junk science .
Tot mom 's lawyers speaking out , saying they do n't believe prosecutors ' forensic evidence in the case is " ready for primetime " and has not been fully accepted by the scientific community .
One thing that 's interesting to note is that Jose Baez mentions a previous article by notable forensic anthropologist and Oak Ridge scientist , Dr. Arpad Vass , that says smell of death is like a rotten potato .
We know at one time Cindy Anthony blamed the smell in tot mom's car to a rotting pizza .
Does the defense plan on using Dr. Vass ' rotten potato comparison to back up that claim ?
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
3 PM ET - More from Casey Anthony 's lawyer , speaking out for the first time since the State announces it will seek the death penalty .
Jose Baez insists tot mom will not be intimidated into taking a plea deal .
As far as the smell of death and evidence showing human decomposition in tot mom's trunk , the defense says renowned Oak Ridge lab 's finding is a presumptive result and not conclusive and uses science not fully accepted by the scientific community .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
Friday , April 24 , 2009
3 PM ET - Zenaida Gonzalez ' attorneys file a court motion to force Cindy Anthony to answer questions under oath .
During videotaped testimony 2 weeks ago , Cindy Anthony combative , refusing to fully cooperate with lawyers .
Caylee 's grandmother even yelling and cursing at the attorneys before storming out ... all of it caught on videotape .
Zenaida Gonzalez ' attorneys also want the courts to force grandfather George Anthony to answer all the questions under oath .
2 PM ET - Casey
Anthony 's defense lawyers plan to attack forensic evidence at the murder trial .
Jose Baez took to the airwaves revealing some of the defense 's strategy .
Baez says they will go after hair samples found in tot mom's car trunk .
State evidence reveals human decomposition in that trunk , but the defense says their own high - profile expert found 17 hairs showing no signs of a decomposing body .
But how does the defense plan to attack the cadaver dog that hit on tot mom's car and air samples also showing evidence of decomposition ?
So far the defense is chalking that up to " junk science " .
Tot mom 's lawyers still have not explained their defense for the so - called nanny who allegedly kidnapped Caylee , a nanny police say does not exist , and why Casey Anthony goes a month without reporting her little girl missing or even telling family and friends . ( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
NOON ET - For the first time since prosecutors confirm they will seek the death penalty against tot mom Casey Anthony , her lawyer Jose Baez breaks his silence .
And we get a glimpse into the defense 's strategy for trial .
Baez says there 's no cause of death , no witnesses to the murder , and no way to directly tie Casey Anthony to Caylee 's remains .
Tot mom 's lawyer says the State must prove she was able to dump Caylee 's body in that heavily wooded area before going to jail and then the body remained in the same woods for close to 6 months .
Thursday , April 23 , 2009
8 PM ET - The State beefing up its witness list adding forensic experts , including some from the FBI 's Quantico lab and the U.S. Dept. of Interior 's Fish & Wildlife Service .
The State also confirms turning over additional discovery to tot mom's lawyers , including search warrants and photos from the check cashing shop where tot mom abandons her car .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
7:30 PM ET - Tot mom 's former friend Amy Huizenga has just filed a court motion to block the defense from getting their hands on her personal cell phone and computer records .
Huizenga 's motion on the heels of a similar filing by Roy Kronk , the utility meter reader who discovers Caylee 's remains .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
4 PM ET - Her parents ' latest round of TV interviews is not curbing tot mom 's appetite one bit .
Casey Anthony ordering up snacks , water , BBQ chips , Cajun mix and food for a Mexican feast , including chicken , jalapeno nacho chips and flour tortillas ... all to enjoy in her private jail cell .
Strangers from across the country skipping out on this round of contributing to Casey 's jail account .
No new deposits for tot mom .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
2 PM ET - As Part 2 of their interview with CBS hits the airwaves , George and Cindy Anthony removed as keynote speakers at a major crime victims conference .
The Anthonys were set to speak on May 13 in Connecticut , but now their names are missing from the line - up on the Melanie Ilene Rieger 's memorial conference website .
Reports of a backlash by some victims advocates who say they do not want the Anthonys helping the families of murdered or missing people and are also angry with the Anthonys for making repeated TV appearances .
( From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer )
NOON ET - Part 2 of Cindy and George Anthony 's interview airs on CBS ' Early
Show this morning .
The Anthony sharing their memories of little Caylee and how they 've been dealing with their granddaughter 's death .
Although they say Caylee was murdered , the Anthonys say they do not know the detai
